Last month , Costa Rica 's health ministry halted treatments at the country 's largest stem cell clinic , arguing that the treatments are unproven and possibly unsafe .
Though the Obama administration has expanded federal funding of stem cell research and there are ongoing clinical trials , there are currently no FDA - approved stem cell treatments .
So some Americans , suffering from conditions ranging from cancer to spinal injuries , have looked elsewhere for experimental stem cell - based remedies , and clinics in countries such as Costa Rica , China , India , and Mexico have grown into stem cell tourist destinations .
Costa Rica 's largest clinic , the I nstitute of Cellular Medicine in San Jose , was operated by American entrepreneur Neil Riordan ; it attracted about 400 patients for these treatments .
The clinic used adult stem cells , which Costa Rica 's government had allowed the clinic to take from patients ' fat and bone marrow .
The government had not authorized the clinic to use these cells for treatment .
" If ( stem cell treatment 's ) efficiency and safety has not been proven , we do n't believe it should be used , " said Dr. Ileana Herrera , chief of the ministry 's research council .
" As a health ministry , we must always protect the human being . " [ Reuters ]
Researchers argue that such clinics neither provide reliable treatment nor advance research since they use anecdotal evidence for a treatment 's efficacy and do n't safeguard against other variables in their testing .
Given the dire conditions of many patients seeking these clinics , many worry that desperate patients make easy targets .
The International Society of Stem Cell research has cautioned against so - called stem cell tourism .
" The ( U.S. ) clinical trials are ambiguous at the moment , " said Dr. David Scadden , co-director of the Harvard Stem Cell Institute in Boston .
" When these kinds of treatments are proposed , they 're being essentially marketed by virtue of the anecdotal report .
I feel the danger of exploitation is extremely high . " [ Reuters ]
Despite Costa Rica 's halt on treatments , other countries continue to host stem cell tourists .
Clinics in China mostly use fetal stem cells from miscarriages -- which are neither adult stem cells nor the more controversial embryonic stem cells .
Embryonic stem cells , which can develop into any type of tissue , have the potential to more easily treat a variety of conditions , but given the ease with which they grow and replicate they may also cause tumors .
Cheng
Bo , deputy director of the [ Wu Stem Cells Medical Center in China ] , said doctors there offer potential patients realistic assessments of the risks and benefits .
" We tell them it 's impossible to cure patients completely , " he said .
" Our goal is to improve the quality of their life or to extend their life . "
Many patients -- about a third are children -- come from developed countries where medical treatment is in general considered superior to China 's , although they may lag behind China in stem cell research .
[ Washington Post ]
But many experts argue that there is currently no way to realistically assess such risks , given that clinical trials are ongoing .
As Costa Rica Health Minister Maria Luisa Avila said while discussing the shut - down of the Costa Rica clinic :
" This is n't allowed in any serious country in the world . " [ Reuters ]
Related content : 80 beats : Obama to Lift Bush ’s Restrictions on Stem Cell Research Today 80 beats : UK Aims to Create “ Unlimited ” Supply of Synthetic Blood from Stem Cells 80 beats : FDA Approves the First Clinical Trials Using Embryonic Stem Cells 80 beats : Leftover Embryos at Fertility Clinics Pose Troubling Questions for Patients DISCOVER : Stem Cell Science Takes Off
Image : flickr / Armando Maynez
U.S. Housing , Real Estate , Credit Bubble Deflation , 5 More Years of Financial Hell
" ... and it is in such twilight that we must be aware of change in the air , however slight , lest we become unwitting victims of the darkness . "
~ William Orville Douglas
First of all , please allow me to apologize for the infrequency of my Safehaven posts , as obviously I have become a fellow more inclined to write at market turns than one who chimes in on an ongoing basis .
I appreciate to no end the number of emails I receive requesting updates , but my fingers are in a few more pies now ( including the penning of a second screenplay with writing partner Tim Wells and the pursuit of my investment advisory representative license ) .
I guess what they say is true :
There are only so many hours in the day .
Then again , our most significant call has n't changed one iota :
The global economy is still caught in the eddy of real estate , asset and credit deflation and there is nothing anyone can do of any consequence other than to delay the inevitable ( and , ultimately , make things worse ) .
Suffice to say you 'll be hearing the " D " word on an ever - increasing basis over the next five years .
For those reading my pap for the first time , our claim to Safehaven " fame " is based on giving heed to investors before the storms hit .
May , 2005 : " The relentless drag of deflation is coming soon to a theater near you .
A contraction in credit will change the rules of the asset game for at least a decade " ; June , 2006 : " Real estate deflation has begun and will persist for a longer period than almost anyone can imagine .
Our call is for an astonishing percentage decline in real estate values over the next ten years " ; September , 2006 : " It 's time to deleverage -- now ! " ; March , 200 : " Stocks will crash .
Time to sell all real estate " ; January , 2008 : " Values have a long way to go ( down ) , both in terms of price and timeframe " ; February , 2008 : " ALL U.S. property values are poised to take an increasingly substantial dive in the next 24 months .
No property type will be spared " ; May , 2008 : " Stock markets around the globe will face ever - more downward pressure " ; and April , 2009 : " The current stock market rally will have legs , and will run longer than most expect " ( more below ) .
Anyway , I write today 's update because the worst of it is dead ahead and we care greatly about the finances of our readership .
Scores of you have written to tell us how much you 've saved selling important assets before their respective markets tanked ( or by waiting to buy until prices were lower ) , and believe me when I say we have taken those stories to heart .
That 's the main reason you 'll continue to get trusty asset and credit deflation updates from us from time to time .
Meanwhile , it pains me greatly to write this one , but I suppose every cancer patient needs a guy wearing a stethoscope -- hopefully with proper bedside manner -- to offer that victim the sobering news .
Onward .
Last April , we steered clear of the dreaded permabear label by calling for an extended stock market rally , to wit :
The current stock market rally will have legs , and will run longer than most expect , confounding the short - sellers .
The mother of all bear markets is in session right now , so it stands to reason that bear market rallies have the same potential to impress .
The sell - off that took place from October of 2007 to March of 2009 was so relentless and steep , we could be in the midst of a fairly impressive countertrend rally despite utterly atrocious economic prospects worldwide .
... There will probably be a fake - out or three ( or not ! ) as the market climbs the " wall of worry " investment veterans speak of .
Before this rally is done , idiotic CNBC cheerleaders will chorus that the worst is over and shell - shocked short - sellers will be the ones using sleep aids .
I would n't be at all surprised if , as the next monstrous leg down begins , bears are hiding in the forest and the shorts are n't in place to shore up the downdraft .
Check , check and check .
Despite the coming , inevitable deflationary depression , the market rallied correctively to the tune of 70 % in 13 months and any semblance of fear just up and left the dance hall .
By most measures ( start with the VIX ) , investor sentiment became hysterically bullish , as GE , I mean CNBC cheerleaders ( like lead idiot Dennis Kneale ) talked about things like Dow 100,000 .
Alas , this relief rally was just that , nothing more .
It merely set the stage for the " Credit Bubble Implosion , Stage II -- This Time It 's Personal " phase of deflation .
We remain in the secular bear market of all secular bear markets .
Of course , the talking heads did their usual sis - boom - bah ; they told you that the relief rally was the start of a new bull market and a six - month leading indicator of economic things to come .
At the same time , policymakers like the delusional Ben Bernanke tried to sell you a bill of goods by declaring victory over the credit crisis because , you know , everything 's now rosy as far as the eye can see .
But seriously , folks , do you still really trust these people ?
Back on point , we did close out last April 's market rally prediction with this longer term view :
Make no bones about it , once this countertrend stock rally is over , the next leg down will make the October , 2007 to March , 2009 decline look like child 's play .
The washout will go down in history as the greatest stock market collapse of all - time , bar none , and it will take real estate and commodity values down right along with it , to an almost shocking degree .
Few will be ready for the devastation .
Cue the storm windows .
I wonder if the CNBC crew will trumpet that " six month leading indicator " thingy if the market falls hard the rest of the year ?
Is it proper to write " LOL " in an economics forum ?
The good news is that you 've still got your health .
The bad news is absolutely everything else .
We are on the threshold of five years of pure economic hell , featuring 1 ) a worsening of credit bubble deflation as it proceeds domino by domino ever closer to credit system collapse ; 2 ) a series of stunning , stair - step down , stock market " crashes " ; 3 ) continued real estate deflation featuring a relentless " grind - down , " followed by an additional , sudden 30 - 40 % value smackdown at some point ; 4 ) a resumptive pimp - smacking of commodities prices ( and pretty much anything else one might consider an asset ) ; 5 ) a coming " crisis of liquidity " ( little savings , lost equity , wage deflation ) which for most will translate to " we have no money " ; 6 ) progressively eroding economic indicators including another doubling of the unemployment rate ; and 7 ) an inevitable bond crisis that will translate to rapidly ascending interest rates and sudden and severe asset value loss , thereby providing the appropriate coup de grace for Greenspan / Bernanke 's 20 year " Drunken Stupor Bubble Policy and Attempt - To - Reflate - The - World - Forever " debacle .
Before we get to the oft - requested crystal ball stuff , please take a look at the chart that seals the deal for our deflation call .
It 's an 18 month Reuters / Jefferies CRB ( Commodities ) Index chart :
What we have here , people , is the picture of post - bubble - bubble - bubble asset deflation , for given the amount of central bank money pumped globally in an attempt to resuscitate all markets since the initial and smelly credit bubble fart , the performance of this chart is spectacularly bad .
It serves as a general proxy for other asset classes , as well .
The CRB quantifies the fact that ill - conceived money printing and socialization of " too big to fail " investment losses generated almost zero economic traction , and that the " coordinated " monetary effort can only be characterized as a failure of historic proportions .
The stock market did jump that 70 % , true , but the CRB is generally reflective of real estate 's performance , and the performance of most other asset classes since the first ( temporary ) bottom was reached in March of 2009 .
Do n't worry ; stocks will catch up soon enough , and of course by up I mean down in a major league way .
Why did this central bank effort fail so spectacularly ?
Why not one hint of hyperinflation ?
Simple .
The credit bubble was imploding ( and continues to implode ) and credit losses sustained worldwide faster than the sum total of all additional artificial money created .
Picture a sputtering vehicle stuck in the mud -- engine smoking , wheels spinning , mud flying -- as torrential rains bring further flooding and add to the mess .
That 's what it feels like to be a money - pumping monetarist right now .
They can't figure out why they 've got the pedal to the metal , yet remain stuck in one place .
Coming soon : Sputtering vehicle stuck in mud runs out of gas .
Eventually the folks printing the currency and attempting to borrow even more money as a means of getting out of debt will figure out the jig is up and they 'll have no choice but to let the final credit bubble implosion do what comes naturally .
The financial system will collapse accordingly , yes , but that 's probably a good thing , as from those ashes a Phoenix can arise .
The 70 year cycle will being anew .
It 's the way nature intends .
Add to it the fact " there is no free lunch " ( thanks , daily dose of reality " Mish " Shedlock ) , and it 's only a matter of time before the bill for this borrowing comes due .
Market participants will determine that declining tax revenue can't service each respective nation 's debt and they 'll demand significantly higher returns in exchange for keeping their money at risk .
Interest rates will take off as helpless central bankers look on .
Look to Europe right now for a foreshadowing of events to come here in the U.S. ; their sovereign debt issues will become our own cross to bear within a few short years .
So what can we expect to see in the U.S. over the next half - decade ?
First off , get ready for a paradigm shift .
Cycles take 70 years or so to run their course , so you really can't blame anyone for believing that real estate values and stock market indices will " always go up in the long run . "
Well , since 1932 ( the beginning of this long - term cycle ) they have , with occasional dips along the way .
But when the 70 - year cycle ends and investment bubbles mark the climax , a deflationary period ensues , knocking values back to levels we 'll all find almost impossible to fathom .
Our generation will be the one to discover that not only can post - bubble - bubble - bubble values head the other way ; they can decline by upwards of 90 % .
Printing money or not , it 'll be no different this time around .
Stocks will fall out of favor .
Remaining rallies are nothing more than selling opportunities ; any lasting reward is not worth the risk .
The coming downside should be breathtaking .
The good news is that if you keep what stock market value you have right now , you 'll come out the winner , as the buying power of that money will be factors greater come 2015 - 2016 when we start fishing around for a market bottom ( below Dow 1500 ) .
Another unforeseen , massive decline in the U.S. stock market ( and worldwide ) will devastate market psychology , and that will quickly affect pretty much everything economic -- from consumer confidence to consumer spending to corporate earnings to employment , clear through to the housing market .
Lenders will pull in their horns even further and few will be in the mood to borrow .
Deflationary forces will be fully in play and those forces will continue to feed on each other as the value of virtually every asset class heads down yet again .
Those not ready for this reversal will wonder how in heaven 's name we went from placid waters to perfect storm in such a short period of time .
Meanwhile , there 's substantially more pain to come in real estate .
As the Realtors proclaim on their TV commercials , " Every market 's different , " which is their slimy way of saying , " Sure , prices are falling everywhere else ; just not in your neighborhood ! "
Oh , those wacky Realtors .
On the housing front -- and despite the fact we 've seen positive price activity in scattered markets in the U.S. in recent months -- values are about to begin another descent as the global credit crisis / implosion enters its hair - raising stage , the stock market gets bludgeoned and another fifteen million foreclosures ( including the existing , massive shadow inventory and what will become a growing wave of " strategic defaults " ) are brought to market over the next few years .
When home values are cut in half after a 75 year run , is it possible they can be cut in half again ?
With ever - greater numbers of foreclosures , an even more intense economic recession and what will no doubt be eroding demand feeding the deflationary monster , bank on that rate of decline and more .
Real estate 's own relief rally has been built on historically low interest rates , massive government subsidy including socialization of mortgage losses , socialized refinance giveaways and buyer tax incentives , the banking industry 's wink - nod holding off on foreclosures ( " extend and pretend " ) , and the corporate media 's daily hypnotic suggestion ( " you 're getting sleeeepy " ) that the bottom is in .
But take a moment to ponder this :
What if mortgage interest rates stood at even 8 or 9 % , Federal and state real estate tax incentives never existed , the Fed and Treasury left mortgage debt issues to the market to contend with and foreclosures were brought to market without delay ?
The answer is that values would probably have sustained another 50 % haircut right off the top .
But governments can only prop up markets temporarily ; in the end , it 's all about gravity .
Finding a true free - market bottom will be a slow and painful process , and history will show that everything the government and policymakers attempted to do to keep the bubbles afloat ended up making everything that much worse .
" But if the real estate bottom is n't in , Steve , how low will it go ? "
Since my residential and commercial real estate predictions have been on point for five years now , I receive numerous emails asking me if the real estate bottom is in .
The answer is an emphatic " no " .
Unfortunately , we are still several years away .
The likely bottom will occur once the mother of all bursting bubbles ( the inevitable U.S. bond crisis ) forces interest rates up to at least 18 - 20 % and brings real estate transactions to a virtual standstill .
Ultimately , I expect values to decline to 1974 - 1982 levels , so anyone with considerable liquidity will find buying property at the nadir to be like shooting fish in a barrel .
Of course you 'll need cash .
Other signs the bottom will be near : Rural and some suburban ghost towns , scores of bankrupt and abandoned high - rise condominium developments worldwide , and government bulldozers leveling entire neighborhoods in an attempt to lessen the effects of rampant oversupply and blight .
Meanwhile , what would your home be worth right now if buyers had to pay all cash ?
As the credit bubble does a Hindenburg , the credit system will at some point lock down and the spigot will get shut completely off .
Lenders will not want to lend ( or wo n't be in position to ) , government will have no choice but to give up the " print money / socialize losses " ghost , borrowers will have little to borrow against and interest rates will be prohibitive anyway .
When the whole thing goes kaphlooey , many with assets will choose to sell some for whatever cash they can get their hands on -- at least for a time .
It will be a phenomenal time to buy the good stuff .
Care to join me ?
I 'll no doubt be putting together a vulture fund when the time is right .
Commercial real estate will continue to experience declining values for much of the decade .
Already hit to the tune of 40 % nationwide , overbuilding in all commercial real estate sectors and ever - slackening demand will result in increasing tenant bankruptcies and consolidation , persistent vacancy and rapidly declining rents , not to mention higher mortgage interest rates .
Spaces will sit empty for years to come .
Absent massive discounts , the category will gradually fall out of favor with investors ( and lenders ) and capitalization rates will steadily rise .
When interest rates eventually jump to 18 - 20 % , real estate cap rates will be dragged along with them , at least for a time , for there will be no reason to deal with property headaches , vacancies and bankruptcies when higher passive yields are available elsewhere .
Expect to see a lot of boarded - up windows and 16 % capitalization rates -- even on " desirable " property -- at the nadir .
( Note : One real estate sector I do expect to perform relatively well : Senior affordable housing .
As baby boomers approach retirement age and an extraordinarily high percentage of them stand to lose what remains of their net worth , governments will be forced to encourage and subsidize affordable housing for the demographic most vulnerable to the devastation of the Greater Depression ) .
Residential investment real estate will bring nothing but heartache .
Apartment property values are already falling rapidly , vacancy is rising , tenants are losing their jobs and declaring bankruptcy , and late rents are commonplace .
Add to it what 's sure to be an intensifying trend of single folks doubling or tripling up and grown children moving in with mom and dad and , well , suffice to say this is an investment category heading absolutely nowhere .
Add in all other coming macroeconomic effects and the downside to this sector is considerable .
Get remaining equity out before it disappears .
Massive state and municipal budget cuts and layoffs are upon us ; fat union contracts and unsupportable pension obligations just add to the problem .
With tax revenues already in deflationary decline , intense budget pressure continues to build for the vast majority of state and local governments .
Coming , additional waves of foreclosures will further erode the tax base .
The " easy " cuts have already been made , band - aid solutions have been applied , borrowing from Peter to pay Paul is falling out of favor and credit ratings from coast to coast are about to get kicked in the groin .
Not only will painful budget cuts increase unemployment further and take even more revenue out of circulation , in time many state and municipal entities will have no choice but to go the bankruptcy route .
It 's not only inevitable but necessary .
Bankruptcies will beget more bankruptcies .
Once even a few high - profile " receiverships " take place , others are sure to see the benefit and follow suit .
Union contracts and absurd pension obligations will be cast asunder or trimmed back to bare bones , adding yet more fuel to the deflationary fire .
Hold onto that job , gents .
Given the amount of so - called " liquidity " ( that 's a good one ) pumped into the system and socialist , slapdick government " stimulus " thrown wantonly about , the 9.9 % unemployment rate ( 17 % real rate ) is a stunning policy failure at this point .
Beyond that , the Bureau of Labor Statistics ' " birth / death model " makes the statistic a relative farce anyway .
Expect greater than 20 % unemployment ( 35 % real ) five years from now .
If you have a job , treat it like gold ; be the first to show up , the last to go home , polish your boss 's apple and try to make yourself indispensable in every way .
Find a job in the foreclosure / bankruptcy industries or working for what will surely become a confiscatory I.R.S.
Better still , invest in a bulldozer and a dump truck .
I suppose I 'm kidding , but at some point demolition companies will be in pretty high demand .
Gold / silver are n't slamdunks -- yet .
I take a lot of ribbing from readers because my record on calling gold and silver for the last five years has been pretty terrible .
And other than the big silver correction in 2008 ( which tellingly took place within the first phase of the credit deflation collapse ) , I have for the most part been " early " on my call for the PM's to get caught in deflation 's grip .
But I believe the coming market slapdown will affect the metals yet again and to a greater degree .
Non-confirmations on a grand scale ( look at 30 and 3 year charts ) point to a coming 60 % silver sell - off , likely as the next leg down intensifies the liquidity crisis .
Gold has performed admirably early on in the unfolding crisis and will continue to outperform most other asset classes on a relative basis , but I see no reason to buy it before what is sure to be a major correction ahead .
I 'd rather make bigger money shorting the market with put options than nurse along a slogging investment , particularly when sentiment is overwhelmingly one - sided .
A reversal looms .
But when the time is right , I will load up on silver bullion .
I 'd buy the yellow metal , too , but I think the U.S. government will ultimately decide to tax the bejesus out of gold " for the common good " , if not confiscate it altogether .
( Whereas , as an industrial metal , silver MIGHT fly under the radar ) .
History does have a way of repeating itself and desperate government times will probably call for desperate government measures .
Do n't quote me on it , but silver might be the safer bet when the time comes .
Continue to live lean and mean and pay down debt .
With things headed where they are , this is no time to loosen the purse strings .
Continue to conserve wherever you can and pay down any remaining debt .
Set aside cash safely to the extent that you can .
The buying power of meaningful cash will be something to behold five years from now , and possibly sooner .
And before we say goodnight , a cool story : A few years ago , one of my readers -- J.D. Rosendahl -- contacted me via email which led to a couple of phone conversations and then to an enjoyable lunch .
Given the fact he 's a damn smart commercial banker , a long - term trend seer who definitely " gets it " and one helluva nice guy , a friendship quickly formed .
Soon J.D. began writing Safehaven articles of his own , and the whole process interested him enough that he 's now a full - blown daily blogger .
I encourage you to bookmark his new site : www.roseysoutlook.blogspot.com along with Mish 's outstanding blog : www.globaleconomicanalysis.blogspot.com and anything Mike Whitney writes : www.marketoracle.co.uk/UserInfo-Mike_Whitney.html.
As a group , these fellows cover this developing story on a daily basis and from different angles , but always with insight and aplomb .
If you want to survive the coming firestorm , proper and objective market analysis is paramount .
I 'll try to throw in my two cents from time to time , too .
As always , thanks for the support .
NOTE : We 'd like to hear about your recent real estate stories , experiences and anecdotes -- good or bad .
We may feature some of them in upcoming columns .
Feel free to send them to me at StephenLMoyer@aol.com or log on to our website ( www.ponderthis.net ) and post your comments for further discussion .
Thanks .
By Steve Moyer
StephenLMoyer@aol.com
PonderThis.net
Copyright © 2005 - 2008 Steve Moyer
He has been an investment real estate broker since 1982 .
He is a columnist and the assistant editor of the monthly newsletter , Ponder This ....
www.ponderthis.net .
Steve Moyer Archive
© 2005-2019 http://www.MarketOracle.co.uk - The Market Oracle is a FREE Daily Financial Markets Analysis & Forecasting online publication .
The internet could soon have its own red light district after the " .xxx " suffix was approved – though pornography companies are not keen to use it .
Icann , the organisation which determines what " top - level domains " ( TLDs ) such as .com or .uk can be added to the internet announced today that it will begin the process of registering .xxx by making checks on ICM Registry , the company that wants to run the domain and sell registrations .
It marks the closing stages of a 10 - year battle by ICM Registry , now run by the British internet entrepreneur Stuart Lawley , to get the .xxx domain set up so that legal pornography sites can be found in a single grouping .
Yet pornography is already plentiful online .
One of the most valuable domains in the early days was sex.com , which was the object of a bitter battle in which rivals battled it out to own what was seen as a honeypot for surfers .
In 2007 porn.com was sold for $ 12 m .
But many pornography companies are unhappy with the idea of a dedicated space online because they expect that as soon as .xxx is implemented , conservative members of the US Congress will lobby to make any sex- related website re-register there and remove itself from other domains such as .com or .org .
That would mean that sex sites could be more easily filtered out from web searches , and lower their revenues .
Free speech advocates also worry that sites about topics seen by US conservatives as controversial , such as homosexuality , might also be forced to use the .xxx suffix .
Icann acknowledged it had made mistakes in reversing its decision to accept ICM Registry 's proposal three years ago under pressure from the Bush administration .
Icann also said the proposal had been rejected because it lacked the backing of the pornography industry .
Lawley , who insists that child pornography will be banned in the domain space , thought the new address could easily attract at least 500,000 sites making it after " .mobi " the second biggest top - level domain name with a specific sponsor registrar .
The .mobi TLD , set up in 2005 , was sponsored by a range of companies , including Google and Nokia , to create sites for browsing with mobile phones .
But where the .mobi TLD had commercial sponsors , the .xxx domain is notable for only having ICM Registry , which stands to benefit from every domain name it sells .
Lawley says he expects to make $ 30 m ( £ 20 m ) a year in revenue by selling each .xxx site for $ 60 , and pledges to donate $ 10 from each sale to child protection initiatives .
Register now for the Walk to Empower !
Network of Strength celebrates its 19th year of the Walk to Empower , a Mother 's Day tradition .
Register now and walk to provide breast cancer support today !
Bumble Bee wants you to ‘ Bee ’ at the Walk !
Your miles matter !
Do n’t forget to log your miles of any walking , running , biking that you do .
Network of Strength benefits the more steps you take !
Learn more about Network of Strength ’s partner Bumble Bee on its campaign , Bee Well for Life !
Also , share your story of why you walk and you could win a trip to Chicago !
Find out more !
We are proud to announce our new partnership with Harley - Davidson Motor Company .
Harley - Davidson has created the all new Motorclothes ® Pink Label Collection that is now available online and in dealerships across the country .
Inspired by women who have been affected by breast cancer , the Pink Label Collection is comprised of 12 popular silhouettes , each featuring a touch of pink .
A portion of the proceeds benefits Breast Cancer Network of Strength ’s YourShoes 24/7 Breast Cancer Support Center .
Visit www.harleydavidson.com/pinklabel to view the entire collection and to find a dealer near you .
News for Hotels in Lloret De Mar - Search , Compare & Book Hotels
Library for Books About Breast Cancer
The Gerry Weinberg Library lends books to anyone concerned about breast cancer .
Books are available for lending .
Over 200 books about breast cancer , treatment and general wellness are available !
All our materials are available for a lending period of one month and will come with a postage - paid envelope for patrons to return the book when they are finished .
» Browse for books
Breast Cancer Information
Network of Strength has been a trusted resource for 30 years and has helped thousands find the information they need to make educated decisions .
From articles on our Web site to the knowledge of our YourShoes peer counselors on the 24/7 Hotline , Network of Strength keeps you informed .
While we do n’t give medical advice , we do explain in plain language the information you ’re likely to encounter .
No matter what the breast cancer topic is , Network of Strength provides information you can trust with a survivor ’s touch .
Breast Cancer Diagnosis
In this section , you ’ll learn about the types of breast cancer and other factors that influence how the disease may be treated .
Treatment Options and Side Effects
Learn about the options that may be available to you , along with what you may expect during breast cancer treatment .
Risk Factors and Breast Health
Learn about risk factors and the ways you can take charge of your breast health .
Diagnostic Techniques
Learn about the techniques that are used to diagnose breast cancer -- or to confirm that cancer is not present .
Breast Cancer News
Access the latest in breast cancer research and breakthroughs that influence the way physicians diagnose and treat the disease .
Clinical Trials
A clinical trial can help you take control of your treatment and your disease in a way not otherwise possible with access to the latest advancements in breast cancer treatment .
Publications
Recieve FREE copies of booklets and brochures published by Breast Cancer Network of Strength .
See the various topics in the blue bar on the left side of this page to begin browsing the information section .
Support
When your life is touched by breast cancer , you need support so you reach out to Breast Cancer Network of Strength .
We ’re here for those who have a question about breast health , and for loved ones who are n’t quite sure what to say to the patient .
We ’re here for the patient who simply wants to speak with someone who has walked in her shoes .
There ’s something so comforting about talking to someone who ’s been there .
While family and friends can be a wonderful support , speaking with other breast cancer survivors helps patients come to terms with their diagnosis and cope with the emotional concerns that may arise .
We hope you ’ll take advantage of the YourShoes 24/7 Breast Cancer Support Center , with interpreters in more than 150 languages on the hotline .
When you dial — even in the middle of the night — your call is answered by a trained peer counselor who is a breast cancer survivor .
Online support is provided and peer counselors respond to questions and concerns promptly .
A horrifying tale of revenge that begins with a back - alley abortion , and ends with a bloodbath so vicious that it brings a new meaning to 'an eye for eye . '
From pimps to dealers and hookers to junkies , this film dives headfirst into the depths of human depravity .
Written by Ryan Nicholson
Take the 3 " length of 2 " diameter pipe & split it length - wise .
You end up with ( 2 ) 3 " long half - pipes .
These will be used to rest the bike frame .
One will be the rest for the bike 's bottom - bracket shell , & the other will be the rest for the down - tube ( the frame member that runs from the head - set down to the crank ) .
Lets start carving & assembling the down - tube rest , since that will be easier than the bottom - bracket rest .
Start carving one of the T - fittings so that the 2 " half - pipe can be cemented parallel it .
You want to begin carving the branch of the T that runs perpendicular to the other two .
You want the low spots on that branch to be pointing toward the straight - through branches so that when you cement the half - pipe it will be parallel to the straight - through direction .
Look at the photos to see what I mean .
Begin rough cut carving with a tool that can remove a lot of material quickly .
( I started out with the hack saw , then tried a bolt - cutter , & finally went out & bought a Dremel Tool .
I 've always wanted one , & justified the purchase based on the money I 'm saving by not buying a bike stand . )
Be careful to not remove too much material during the rough cut .
Dish the shape out to match the curve of the 2 " half - pipe .
Match the half - pipe frequetnly to your carving as you progress in order to tell where to carve & to maintain the parallel of the two pieces .
As you get closer to the final shape & it becomes more difficult to tell where to carve , start using the dry - erase marker as an indicator .
Cover the outside of the half - pipe in the dry - erase color & let it dry .
Then fit the half - pipe into the carved area & rub it around a bit .
The dry - erase color will come off on the high spots that need to be carved down .
In addition to carving down the high spots , keep checking that the pieces are fitting parallel .
If they are not , you may need to remove a little more than just the dry - erase color in some spots to bring them back into parallel .
As the fit gets closer to the final shape , remove less & less material each time .
Eventually you will want to switch to a file & finally sand paper .
You will never completely fill all the gaps , & you do n't need to since the PVC cement will soften the plastic material & bridge small gaps .
When you think the fit is close enough , clean the parts thoroughly in preparation for cementing .
Make sure all of the PVC particles & dry - erase color are removed .
( I do n't think it is necessary to use PVC primer , since this bond does n't need to hold water . )
Now comes a critical step .
Since we are not fitting these parts usign their insertion fittings , we must make certain that the cement is applied in the correct place & that the parts are aligned properly .
Set the parts on a clean flat work surface in a well ventilated well lit area .
Observe all the precautions on the PVC cement label .
Apply a thin layer of cement to the surface you have just carved and to the outside of the half - pipe where it will contact .
Bring the two parts together & smear the cement around slightly for no more than 2 seconds - making sure you end up with them properly aligned before they begin to harden .
Hold the parts together for at least 30 seconds more .
Then let the cemented assembly sit for at least 2 hours .
After at least 2 hours , you can add another light coat of cement to the joint to help fill it in & reinforce it ( this is n't necessary with pipes inserted into fittings , but since this is a surface - to - surface fit , every bit helps ) .
Next , lets assemble the cross- fitting & the bottom - bracket rest .
Hold the cross - fitting up in a position like the letter X ( not like a + sign ) .
The 2 branches pointing down will join to the legs of the work stand .
The branch pointing upper - left will join to the front - tube support .
The one pointing to the upper right will be carved to hold the bottom - bracket support .
Start by placing the remaining 2 " diameter by 3 " length half - pipe in the upper crotch of the X with the open side facing up .
You could cement it in place right there , but there would only be 2 tiny contact points - not very strong .
Since the upper - left branch is going to hold the pipe for the front - tube support , our only choice is to carve into the upper - right branch .
Go ahead & carve away , using the same method used on the front - tube support .
As you carve , make certain the half - pipe is aligned straight up ( with the cross- fitting remaining in the X position ) & perpendicular to the branches of the fitting .
It is OK to let the half - pipe rest against the upper - left branch of the cross .
As a matter of fact , it is probably preferable & will lend strength to the final assembly .
This bottom - bracket support will hold most of the weight of the bike - it will need all the strength you can give it .
This is why we started with the front - tube bracket - so that you could get practice carving & cementing .
As you carve away , watch to see how small the gap in the crotch of the X is getting .
You do n't need to completely close it off , but let it get small enough that it will hold some PVC shavings from your carving without falling through .
Later we will use some of the shavings to help reinforce the joint .
Continue to carve until the fit is good & the gap in the crotch of the X is small .
Finish sanding & clean up the area - but save some of the PVC shavings for later .
Set the parts on your clean flat work surface .
Apply a thin layer of cement to the surfaces , including where the half - pipe will contact upper - left branch of the X .
Bring the two parts together & smear the cement around slightly for no more than 2 seconds - making sure you end up with them properly aligned before they begin to harden .
Hold the parts together for at least 30 seconds more .
Then let the cemented assembly sit for at least 2 hours .
After at least 2 hours , you will lay the X down on the work surface & sprinkle some of the PVC shavings into the gap in the crotch of the X on one side .
Then dribble a small amount of cement into the shavings .
Sprinkle some more shavings into the cement & press them in with a nail or a stick .
Let it sit for at least 2 hours , then flip it over & repeat the sprinkling , dribbling , & pressing on the other side .
You can also coat the other parts of the cemented joint with another coat of cement to make sure it is strong .
Just be certain not to dribble cement into the branches of the fitting that will later need to have pipe inserted .
Now you 're done with the most tedious & time - consuming part of the build .
From this point on , we will progress quickly & begin to see the stand take shape .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - The Obama administration may succeed in pushing through its offshore drilling ban , despite fierce resistance from the oil industry , since a piece of machinery in short supply has left oil companies and the environment glaringly vulnerable to another oil spill .
The offshore skimming devices -- seagoing vessels that suck up spilled crude -- are the first line of defense in the contingency plans that big oil companies are required to submit when they drill in the deep waters of the U.S. Gulf of Mexico .
But the vast majority of skimming capacity listed in “ worst case scenario ” plans to combat major Gulf spills is already deployed to clean up BP ’s leak , according to copies of the plans made public by Congress and lists of vessels active in the cleanup that were obtained by Reuters .
With few skimmers in reserve , any new spill could be harder to fight , including one caused by a hurricane during the Atlantic storm season that forecasters say could be one of the most intense on record .
That may give U.S. Interior Secretary Ken Salazar the justification he needs to quickly issue a new deepwater drilling ban after a district court struck a first one down .
“ We are working hard to issue a new moratorium in the coming days , ” Interior Department spokeswoman Kendra Barkoff said , without offering further details .
BP , Exxon Mobil Corp. and Shell Oil Co , among the biggest operators in the Gulf , would rely largely on the same armada of skimmers , according to contingency plans that were released by lawmakers investigating the BP blow - out .
Many of those vessels are among the 58 largest skimmers already cleaning up the biggest Gulf spill ever , one that has forced the closure of more than 80,000 square miles of fishing area and put the future of U.S. offshore drilling in doubt .
For instance , 84 percent of the skimming capacity Shell lists in its Eastern Gulf “ worst case scenario ” spill contingency plan is engaged in the BP effort , according to an equipment manifest given to Reuters .
Two big spill response firms told Reuters that over 90 percent of their resources are already at work on BP ’s spill .
The bulk of skimmers listed in oil companies ’ contingency plans are controlled by a single spill response firm , Virginia - based Marine Spill Response Corp . ( MSRC ) , formed and funded collectively by big oil companies after Alaska ’s Valdez spill in 1989 and run by a former BP executive .
With BP ’s blow - out still gushing up to 60,000 barrels per day , the Gulf clean - up effort may drag on for months or years , even if BP can plug its blown - out well in August as planned .
Following the Valdez spill , offshore skimming vessels remained in action for more than a year .
“ If you do n’t have the equipment to respond to a spill , you ca n’t be allowed to drill , ” said Dan Lawn , a former oil safety inspector for Alaska ’s Department of Environmental Conservation .
“ The contingency plans should be revoked because they are worthless right now . ”
The U.S. Coast Guard , charged with overseeing offshore spill response , did not respond to requests for comment .
U.S. District Judge Martin Feldman of New Orleans last month struck down the Obama administration ’s first moratorium issued in May -- which halted drilling in waters deeper than 500 feet for six months .
Feldman ruled it “ arbitrary and capricious . ”
While any ban is controversial since U.S. Gulf oil projects account for a third of the country ’s oil production and thousands of jobs , Salazar pledged to press ahead regardless .
Grilled on Wednesday by a Congressman who said a ban would bring irreparable harm to Louisiana ’s offshore industry , Salazar said : “ The greater irreparable harm would be if there was another blowout , when there is not the oil response capability to even deal with the current Horizon event . ”
FEW SKIMMERS IN RESERVE
More than 7,000 U.S. Gulf - based spill response vessels -- including skimming units -- and around 50,000 people are involved in the Horizon cleanup , the largest and most complex spill response ever .
The vessels have recovered more than 28 million gallons of oil - water mixture so far .
The deployment of skimmers at BP ’s spill has expanded more than fivefold since early June , and 550 skimmers were at work as of Friday , according to a release from spill responders .
They expected 750 skimmers in action by August .
In preparation for offshore disasters , scores of skimming vessels are usually kept at staging areas in the Gulf Coast , but few are idle now .
BP ’s Gulf contingency plans call for racing skimmers to a Gulf spill in as little as 6.5 hours .
A contingency plan for Shell , the No. 2 Gulf producer , shows it could race 24 skimmers with capacity to suck up 162,752 of oil per day to a potential blow - out .
At least 16 of the skimmers , and all of the largest ones , are engaged .
Those that may still be available could collect less than 25,818 barrels , the vessel lists showed .
Shell declined comment on its Gulf contingency plans .
A person close to the company said Shell ’s contingency plan for the Gulf envisages an unlikely scenario with multiple spills .
There is a “ considerable amount ” of safety equipment available still available , the person said , and Shell would still rely on a Gulf - based fleet of skimmers .
In addition , Shell could quickly import more boom , dispersant and other safety gear from Europe , the person said .
To be sure , skimmers are no silver bullet .
They often collect less than 20 percent of oil that reaches the sea surface , experts say .
But used with barges , tugs , absorbent booms and dispersants , skimmers play a major part in keeping oil from fouling beaches , especially if they are deployed fast .
Some support is already arriving from abroad .
One Taiwanese vessel that arrived this week , the so - called A Whale , is a converted supertanker with capacity to process up to 500,000 barrels per day of oil and water mix .
It may gain Coast Guard approval to operate this weekend .
But the bulk of the world ’s offshore skimmers are on standby for spill responses elsewhere .
Only 15 foreign response vessels were at work on the Gulf spill last week .
And even the A Whale is unlikely to free up other U.S. skimmers from their ongoing work , since an aggressive spill response requires up to hundreds of agile skimmers to cover the rapidly - expanding area of oil slicks , experts say .
BP ’s spill is no longer a single slick but a “ massive collection of smaller patches of oil , ” response commanders wrote on Friday .
STORM RISK
Hurricanes bring more risk for oil companies in the Gulf , often requiring the deployment of skimmers after they pass .
In 2005 , Katrina ravaged the region , laying waste to several drilling platforms and causing spills of at least 6.5 million gallons , more than half of the Valdez spill volume .
After the Valdez disaster , MSRC deployed seven of its largest , ‘ responder - class ’ skimmers during the 2005 storm season .
Today , 12 of the firm ’s 15 responder - class vessels are dedicated to BP ’s spill , MSRC spokeswoman Judith Roos said .
The firm also operates dozens of smaller skimmers .
“ Should another event occur , the Coast Guard has the authority to determine where to direct our resources , ” Roos said .
Shell , BP and Exxon Mobil ’s contingency plans all call for relying heavily on MSRC skimmers .
Employees at National Response Corp. and Ampol , the two other response firms listed in all three companies ’
Gulf response plans , told Reuters they have deployed more than 90 percent of the equipment they had available in the Gulf .
My mom has been so fascinated with Reddit since I participated in Secret Santa in '09 .
I made a post on the Secret Santa subreddit about how my mom was pissed that I had n't signed her up in time for Arbitrary Day .
Kickme444 had responded , saying that he would make an exception for my mom , and thus , the username " mamareddit " was born .
Today , my mom got a package in the mail .
She ripped the box open like a kid on Christmas .
The gift included a thoughtful letter , and a beautiful necklace .
I just wanted to thank you , Reddit , for making my mom 's day a little more special .
Ari versus Helen
Howard Kurtz and Dana Milbank both write up the end of Helen Thomas 's career today , and both have an angle that was not obvious in the strange weekend news cycle that doomed her .
It was the role of former White House spokesman , now sports marketing consultant , Ari Fleischer .
Kurtz :
Ari Fleischer , who was Bush 's first press secretary , led the campaign for her ouster over the weekend , e-mailing journalists who might have missed her remarks .
Milbank :
[ I ]t's not surprising that one of the first to push Thomas out the door was Bush 's former press secretary , Ari " Watch What They Say " Fleischer , who temporarily left his sports marketing business to hustle over to the Fox News set and demand Thomas 's firing .
I 'm told that Fleischer emailed numerous journalists about the video of Thomas talking about Israel , and gave quotes to anyone who asked -- a simple gesture that poured rocket fuel on the story .
This is the point I was making yesterday -- Thomas had been making conservatives , especially pro-Israel conservatives , angry for years .
A lot of the trouble went back to her 2000 resignation from the collapsing UPI and hiring by Hearst Newspapers .
Thomas 's seat in the front row came because she worked for UPI ; out of generosity and respect , she was allowed to keep it even as she lobbed opinionated questions , often from the left on foreign policy .
She spent eight of her years as a columnist irritating the Bush administration and supporters of Israel .
That built up the reservoir of ill feeling that led , over the weekend , to an effort to oust Thomas .
Fleischer 's role in that campaign -- acting as countless conservatives would have wanted him to act -- should not come as a surprise .
Photo : J. Scott Applewhite , Associated Press
The Pentagon has “ discovered ” that Afghanistan is rich in untapped minerals – a trillion dollars worth – according to a front - page New York Times report today .
None other than Gen. David Petraeus , commander of the U.S. Central Command , allowed himself to be interviewed over the weekend on this topic , saying , “ There is stunning potential here . ”
The mineral deposits – including huge veins of iron , copper , cobalt , gold and lithium , a key component in laptop and cell phone batteries – were “ discovered ” in 2009 by a Pentagon team led by Paul A. Brinkley , deputy undersecretary of defense for business .
“ Senior American government officials ” say the deposits are “ so big and include so many minerals that are essential to modern industry that Afghanistan could eventually be transformed into one of the most important mining centers in the world , ” according to Times reporter James Risen .
The “ new ” Pentagon findings actually pick up on studies by U.S. geologists in Afghanistan between 2004 and 2007 .
The irony is , the “ discovery ” is based charts and data put together by Soviet mining engineers in the 1980s , when Afghanistan had a socialist - led government aligned with the Soviet Union .
The Afghan government then was preparing to develop these resources on a large scale with Soviet technical assistance , according to a 1986 U.S. report .
“ There were maps , but the development did not take place , because you had 30 to 35 years of war , ” Ahmad Hujabre , an Afghan engineer who worked for the Ministry of Mines in the 1970s , told the Times .
And it ’s all nothing new to China .
The UK Telegraph reported last November that Chinese companies won a bid to develop the Aynak copper deposit 30 miles south of Kabul two years ago .
The Chinese project plans to employ 20,000 Afghan workers .
China is likely to win a bid for an iron ore mine at Hajigak , west of Kabul , this year .
So why is the most high - profile U.S. general trumpeting this Pentagon “ discovery ” now ?
Some say it ’s “ a broad and deliberate information operation designed to influence public opinion on the course of the war . ”
Perhaps , in this view , the aim is to promote a “ stay the course ” view – the U.S. military needs to stay in Afghanistan to ensure stability so the country can develop its resources – to counter the “ general perception about the war here and overseas … that the counterinsurgency strategy has failed to prop up Hamid Karzai ’s government in critical areas , and is destined to ultimately fail . ”
Last week at the America ’s Future NOW !
conference in Washington , former Congressman Tom Andrews , head of Win Without War , pointed out how , while President Obama was debating his Afghanistan strategy last fall , the Pentagon waged its own media campaign to steer the decision toward a military surge .
Now , as news out of Afghanistan is unremittingly grim and voices in Congress are questioning the cost and calling for a withdrawal timetable , is Petraeus doing it again ?
Seems like it .
And there ’s the China ploy .
As the Times article puts it , “ American officials fear resource - hungry China will try to dominate the development of Afghanistan ’s mineral wealth , which could upset the United States , given its heavy investment in the region . ”
Matt Yglesias at ThinkProgress observes that the Times piece “ features evidence of military officials floating the theory that we need to stay in Afghanistan indefinitely lest China get its hands on vast quantities of copper . ”
Here ’s a question :
Why does the Pentagon have a “ deputy undersecretary of defense for business ” ?
Perhaps , at least in this case , it ’s related to “ the geostrategic and security implications of global supply and demand for minerals – especially for the defense industrial base , ” as noted by the Center for a New American Security .
At the America ’s Future conference , Rep. Keith Ellison , D - Minn. , noted that for every dollar the U.S. spends on foreign affairs , 95 cents goes to the military and only 5 cents goes to the State Department and other civilian agencies .
Ellison , who is among the members of Congress pressing for getting the U.S. military out of Afghanistan , called for a new concept of national security based on “ common interests not backed by military power , development not rooted in power - seeking . ”
Note : China currently has no military bases outside its territory .
The U.S. has 761 .
Yet who ’s the surging global power these days ?
Photo :
This April 2007 photo shows a delegation from China ’s state - owned China Metallurgical Group Corp. visiting one of the world ’s largest unexploited copper reserves , in Aynak , southeast of Kabul , Afghanistan .
The firm was one of two Chinese companies to win a bid to develop a mine there .
( AP / James R. Yeager )
Enlarge South Dakota Game , Fish & Parks Department
These antlers are among several wildlife parts being auctioned Saturday in South Dakota .
From the hip Seven Grand nightspot in Los Angeles to the lobby of the Jane Hotel in New York City 's West Village , wild animal parts are becoming increasingly popular decor .
Several states and the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service are hoping to cash in on the trend by holding wild animal parts auctions .
Hundreds of antlers , mountain lion skulls , bobcat hides and other animal items that were confiscated or found by wildlife officers went on sale Saturday in a first - of - its - kind auction in South Dakota , says Andy Alban of the state Department of Game , Fish & Parks .
The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service has had an online auction going since February , featuring items such as python handbags and clothing made of lizards and ostriches .
" There 's a lot of interest from people who like the atmosphere of the countryside or wilderness , " says Joe Miles , president of the Michigan Taxidermist Association .
Kansas holds an online auction in fall for antlers , says Deb Simon , with the state Department of Wildlife and Parks .
And Arizona state auctions antlers and other wildlife parts at the annual International Sportsmen 's Exposition .
Los Angeles interior designer Ricki Kline , who designed the Seven Grand to include several large deer heads , says " it was really about expressing whiskey culture . "
There is a full - size replica of a ram above the fireplace at the Jane Hotel , manager Chris Rohr says .
" It 's something you do n't see too often in New York City , " he admits .
The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service 's online auction includes about 300,000 items , says Bernadette Atencio , a wildlife repository specialist .
Many of the items were seized by federal officers because owners did n't have the proper documentation or required permits to import them into the United States , she says .
Martin reports for the ( Sioux Falls ) Argus Leader .
Contributing : Thom Gabrukiewicz , Argus Leader .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Guessing the Truth
How well are we at guessing the truth of open conjectures ?
Warren Hirsch was a mathematician who started his career in the US Army , and much later retired as a professor emeritus of NYU ’s Courant Institute of Mathematical Sciences .
He is well known for many important results in diverse fields , from combinatorial algorithms , to mathematical models of epidemiology , to his famous geometric conjecture .
The latter became widely known as the Hirsch conjecture .
Today I want to discuss how well we are at guessing the truth of mathematical conjectures .
Hirsch ’s famous one was recently disproved by the discovery of a counter - example .
For a summary of the state - of - the - art until the recent result look at An update on the Hirsch conjecture by Edward Kim and Francisco Santos .
I often have conversations with colleagues on how well mathematicians do at guessing the truth of an open problem .
My colleagues often claimed that they are pretty good guessers .
I think that is not quite true ; they certainly do not guess perfectly .
One of my main beliefs is P=NP is could be possible , so is every one else a better guesser than myself ?
I guess so .
In one of Tom Cruise ’s movies , A Few Good Men , in the climactic courtroom scene , he yells
“ I want the truth ! ” to his opponent , Jack Nicholson , who answers , “ You ca n’t handle the truth ! ”
I am interested in how well we can guess the truth — I am sure we can handle it .
Guesses and the Truth
The Guess :
The great David Hilbert thought in 1900 that resolving whether the numbers
are transcendental would take a very long time .
He thought such questions might be harder than the Riemann Hypothesis .
This is his seventh problem , from his famous list of problems .
The Truth :
All these numbers and more were proved to be transcendental in 1934 ; the proofs were found found independently by Aleksandr Gelfond and Theodor Schneider .
The methods they used were clever , but were based on already known technology used by Charles Hermite in 1873 to prove is transcendental .
The Guess : David Hilbert also believed there might be a proof that arithmetic is consistent .
He proved partial results , and it seemed that the problem might be resolved in the near future .
This is his second problem , again from his famous list .
The Truth : Gödel ’s results , especially his Second Incompleteness Theorem showed that this was impossible .
Consistency is unprovable in arithmetic unless it is actually inconsistent .
The Guess : Warren Hirsch in a letter , dated 1957 , to George Dantzig , the inventor of the simplex method for linear programming , first stated his conjecture .
Hirsch conjectured a very sharp bound on the diameter of the edge - vertex graph of an - facet polytope in - dimension space .
The bound was conjectured to be .
For a very long time this was believed to be true , and most work was on getting better upper bounds .
The best known to date is the beautiful quasi- polynomial bound due to Gil Kalai and Daniel Kleitman .
The Truth : In May 2010 , Francisco Santos , from the University of Cantabria announced he had found a counter - example to the conjecture .
Roger Brocket , a famous control theorist at Harvard , once told me :
It is hard to argue with a counter - example .
Santos ’s result is big news , and hopefully will lead to further insights into the structure of polytopes .
The Guess : Subhash Khot conjectured that his Unique Games problem is NP - hard .
A huge body of lower bounds have been built up on this beautiful conjecture .
I have discussed it recently here .
The Truth : Sanjeev Arora , Boaz Barak , and David Steurer have proved that the conjecture is unlikely to be true .
They have proved that all Unique Games can be solved in time
where .
This shows that the Khot ’s problem is not nearly as computationally hard as many have thought .
Of course it does not rule out that Khot is right .
The Guess : Euclid stated his famous Fifth Postulate circa 300 BC .
For almost two thousand years mathematicians , professional and amateur , searched for a proof of Euclid ’s Fifth Postulate .
They all believed it should be provable from his other axioms .
The Truth : For two millennia they searched for a proof that did not and could not exist .
I just read a book on this problem and its history , by Jason Bardi .
It is a quite fun read , and I would recommend it to you .
One of the lessons of the search was that for a very long time none seriously thought that the postulate could be unprovable , and none believed looking at geometry without the fifth made sense .
Even the great Carl Gauss was reluctant to announce results he had found on non-Euclidean geometry .
The Guess :
The famous George Pólya conjectured that most numbers have an odd number of prime factors .
He made this conjecture in 1919 , and it is based on a very reasonable model of numbers .
The Truth : In 1958 Brian Haselgrove showed it was false below some of size around .
The Guess : Euler conjectured in 1769 that there were no positive solutions to the equations
when .
This is essentially a generalization of the famous Fermat ’s Last Theorem — set and , for example .
The Truth : Leon Lander and Thomas Parkin in 1966 found a counterexample for :
Later in 1986 , Noam Elkies found one for :
The Guess : Virginia Ragsdale conjectured an upper bound to the number of possible arrangements of real algebraic curves embedded in the projective plane .
She made this conjecture in the early 1900’s .
This was again related to one of Hilbert ’s problems — the sixteenth .
The Truth : In 1979 Ilya Itenberg and Oleg Viro produced counter - examples .
The Guess : Erik Zeeman conjectured that one cannot untie a knot on a four - sphere .
I am not a topologist , but it seems like a reasonable conjecture .
The Truth : After trying to prove this for almost ten years , one day he worked on the opposite direction , and solved it in hours .
The Guess : John von Neumann conjectured that a topological group is not amenable if and only if contains a subgroup that is a free group on two generators .
While von Neumann ’s name is connected with this conjecture , not all agree he believed it to be true .
In any event many people did believe this conjecture was true .
The Truth : The conjecture was disproved in 1980 by Alexander Ol’shanskii .
The Guess :
The conventional wisdom was that bounded width programs could not compute the majority function , and many other functions .
The rationale was that how could a constant number of bits “ encode ” the number of ‘s in the input ?
The Truth : David Barrington ’s famous theorem proved that bounded width computations can simulate , and thus compute the majority function .
It is one of the big surprises in complexity theory .
While not the hardest proof , it is one of the most surprising results .
The brilliance of David was , I believe , two - fold : first looking for an upper bound not a lower bound , and second restricting the bounded width computations to use only group elements .
I definitely guessed wrong and worked hard on the lower bound .
Oh well .
The Guess : Most believed that nondeterministic logspace ( ) is not closed under complement .
It seemed very hard to show that a vertex is not connected to another vertex .
The obvious way to demonstrate this is to find a “ cut ” that separates from , but a cut could be huge .
Thus the conventional wisdom was that logspace did not have the power to show there is no path from to .
The Truth : Neil Immerman and Róbert Szelepcsényi proved that is closed under complement .
They did not find a cut .
Instead they showed that how to count the number of vertices reachable from by an inductive argument .
A very clever result .
The Guess : P is not equal to NP .
The Truth : Who knows ?
Open Problems
How well do you think we are at guessing the truth of an open problem ?
See this for Bill Gasarch ’s view of this issue .
I have one specific question concerning the new counter - example to the Hirsch conjecture .
Is there any hope to build an amplifier for Santos ’s bad polytope ?
I mean can one take his polytope and “ tensor ” it together and get one of arbitrary dimension that also violates the conjecture ?
This is not my area so I apologize ahead if the idea is too silly , but as you may know I find the idea of amplifiers very intriguing .
Cobra Panic
There is a live cobra loose on the streets of Cleveland .
Police are laughing , but afraid , and do n't know what to do .
One policeman wants to shoot the cobra , but he is told not to by the captain .
Another policeman tries to capture it in a bucket .
He runs away laughing when the bucket hits the cobra and the cobra hisses and slithers up the street .
The police do n't want to kill the cobra because it is beautiful and strange .
They find an ad in the Yellowpages for Dan the Big Snake Man to deal with the snake .
He advertises " muscles as hard as diamonds , " but insists " ladies only . "
A lady police calls Dan .
Dan is an illegal gigolo and he is so afraid when he arrives and finds cop cars that he agrees to catch the snake .
He forces it into a pillowcase using a shovel .
He leaves in his '99 Chrysler LeBaron , vanity plates HOT2TRT , and take the cobra back to his apartment .
He leaves it in the pillowcase in the bathtub for an hour , but his curiosity is too great , and untying the pillowcase , he is bit twice by the cobra and dies .
The police never talk about it when they find his body and the cobra's , trapped inside the bathroom , because they know what they have done .
Information - theoretic Death
It is 1984 at a simple medical laboratory in California .
The dog is a young adult German Shephered named Star .
He has been taught to sit and roll over .
He is partially sedated .
Vascular connections are achieved at 10:25 AM .
All blood has been flushed from his body within ten minutes and replaced with a chemical formula developed in - house .
Clinical death and bloodless perfusion at four degrees Celsius is declared at 10:41 AM .
Star is kept in this state through cryogenic refrigeration for one hour .
Blood is reintroduced and core temperature is raised .
Resuscitation is successful after 68 minutes of clinical death .
Star is asked to sit and roll over .
He obeys .
The experiment is declared a success , brain structures storing memories can be cryogenically preserved .
There is no way for Star to communicate that he can now see the spirits of the dead arrayed along an infinite plane of time and space and that our entire waking reality exists as a fragile filament trapped in the dark currents of a deep , dead ocean .
So he eats Milk - Bones and licks feet for 12 years and then becomes a ghost .
Shell Shock
Kyle Albaach is a lieutenant in the New York Air National Guard 's 174th Fighter Wing remotely operating a MQ - 9 Reaper from inside an air - conditioned trailer .
He is a part of the USA 's transition from manned F - 16 attack aircraft to unmanned aerial vehicles .
He has nicknamed his drone " August " after the month his active duty ends .
While operating above the mountains of Afghanistan on June 8th , Lt. Albaach will exhaust his drone 's entire compliment of Hellfire missiles .
During his return flight to Bagram he will be called upon to assist a platoon of marines engaged in Kabul .
His drone will lazily circle from an altitude of 17,000 feet , telescopic lenses recording the scene below as Taliban fighters using a mixture of VBIEDs and rooftop and alley RPG attacks immobilize four unarmored vehicles and kill five marines .
Lt. Albaach will watch this fight unfold slowly , through the HD cameras of his aircraft , and he will have no weapons and can only observe as they die and are overrun and made prisoners and listen as they cry desperately for help .
His help .
Lt. Albaach 's name will be mentioned in a secret study called the Albaach Briefing on the psychological effects of witnessing friendly deaths during UAV operations .
Due to the psychological impact it is decided that future drones should operate autonomously .
Because Lt. Albaach shoots eight coworkers and then himself at a Nevada drone operations center machines will be given the free agency to choose to hunt and kill men .
( “ Part one ” ?
“ Hairdresser “ ?
Get it ?
Yeah , I know — sorry … )
This is n’t a knock against all hairdressers , per se — but mine is not only a Linux n00b , but also a bit shaky on computer and Internet fundamentals .
However , unlike some of my other friends she freely owns up to her ignorance and wants to learn .
Thus she is the perfect subject for a netbook Linux usability test .
The hardware for this test shall remain constant until we settle on a distro she likes — and Windows is not an option , obviously .
I ’m loaning her my Eee PC 900 , partly because it ’s svelte and white and deliberately because of its relatively ancient pre-Atom processor .
The operating system was a little trickier , but two front - runners immediately sprang to mind .
It would be sexist to call MeeGo “ girly ” , but with the cutesy characters and generally white colour scheme I ’m hoping you agree that it ’s a bit more inviting to the new user than the dark and busy UNR layout of Jolicloud .
Yet Jolicloud got the nod , entirely because of the web apps / Prism ( or whatever they call the Chromium equivalent ) .
My choice was justified the moment I showed my hairdresser the above screen ; her exact words : “ Oh cool , I recognize those ! ”
I do have three issues with Jolicloud .
all of which could easily be fixed .
The first is that near as I can remember there ’s no option to automatically login to a user account on startup , like there is on Easy Peasy and ( I think ) the stock Ubuntu Netbook Remix Edition .
The second is that I find the almost - constant system updates quite intrusive , though this will hopefully change once Jolicloud gets to a 1.0 release .
And the third is relatively minor — who else wants an Identi.ca bookmark Jolicloud web app ?
Since delivering my netbook to her last Friday I ’ve checked in on my test subject once to see how she ’s doing .
Apparently my hairdresser got confused by the BIOS screen and booted into that , not knowing how to escape .
Hey , she ’s nothing if not eager . 😉
Medical marijuana patients and dozens of dispensaries lost an eleventh - hour bid Friday to stop a city ordinance from going into effect next week , but a judge indicated that both groups may have a legitimate basis for an injunction at a later date .
FOR THE RECORD :
Medical marijuana :
An article in Saturday ’s LATExtra section about a court hearing on challenges to Los Angeles ’ medical marijuana ordinance misspelled the last name of Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge James C. Chalfant as Chalfont . —
Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge James C. Chalfont cleared the way for the ordinance to take effect Monday by denying more than a dozen requests for a temporary restraining order to bar the city from enforcing the law , which would force more than 400 shops to shutter their doors .
Attorneys for patients using medical marijuana had filed a class - action lawsuit against the city last week , contending that the law would unconstitutionally bar patients ’ access to their medicine .
The patients , who estimate that more than 100,000 Los Angeles residents are in their ranks , suffer from illnesses ranging from anxiety and menopause to lupus or AIDS , according to their lawsuit .
In court Friday , attorneys presented a map to the judge that they said showed most dispensaries will have to close if forced to comply with the ordinance , which prohibits them from being located within 1,000 feet of “ sensitive use ” areas , including schools , churches and parks .
Chalfont rejected that argument , saying because patients can grow their own marijuana and an estimated 137 shops will be allowed to remain open at least temporarily , there was no reason to issue an emergency order stopping the city from implementing the law .
“ I believe access to medical marijuana … is supposed to be limited , ” the judge said .
“ It is not supposed to be freely available on the street to anyone who wants it ; that was the intention of the people . ”
He said , however , that patients may have grounds to ask for an injunction based on their privacy rights — the city ordinance says police will be able to obtain patient lists and doctors ’ recommendations without a warrant .
The judge also denied requests from lawyers representing dispensaries to stop the ordinance .
The lawyers had contended that their clients ’ rights as property owners and their due process rights would be violated when the city ’s law takes effect .
Chalfont ordered attorneys to file additional papers on whether allowing certain dispensaries to remain open while closing others would be a violation of the equal protection clause of the California Constitution .
Hearings for the patients and the dispensaries were set for early July .
victoria.kim@latimes.com
Israel ’s government has decided to tough out the criticism of its attack this week on a six - ship flotilla trying to run the Gaza blockade .
The story , and the anger , are n’t going away .
The news wires on Thursday were filled with pictures of grieving mourners as Turkey held funerals for 8 of the 9 activists killed on the lead ship .
Some of the more than 600 activists from 42 countries , released from Israeli detention , are accusing Israel of a litany of abuses .
Israel ’s charges that its commandos were attacked and shot at by some of the ship ’s passengers are being ignored by everyone except its most passionate defenders .
We still do n’t know what happened on that ship .
But we are sure that before things get even more out of control , the world  and Israel  needs an impartial international investigation .
Instead of pressing for that , the Obama administration is encouraging Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu ’s misguided belief that Israel can lead its own probe with international participation .
That is not going to suffice .
Some Israeli officials are pointing to South Korea , which recently conducted an investigation , with the participation of five other countries , into the sinking of a South Korean warship .
There is a big difference : Seoul was examining North Korea ’s behavior not its own .
Image caption A virtual reconstruction of the inner and outer form of one of the fossils
Relics of some of the first stirrings of modern life may have been uncovered .
Scientists report in the journal Nature the discovery of centimetre - sized fossils they suggest are the earliest known examples of multicellular life .
The specimens , from Gabon , are 2.1 billion years old - 200 million years older than for any previous claim .
Abderrazak El Albani and colleagues describe the fossils ' distinctive appearance as resembling irregularly shaped " wrinkly cookies " .
The step from single - celled to multicellular organisation was a key step in the evolution of life on Earth and set the scene for the eventual emergence of all complex organisms , including animals and plants .
The big question is whether the new West African specimens truly represent large organisms growing in a co-ordinated manner , or are merely a record of the remains of aggregations of unicellular bacteria .
The team tells Nature that its analysis of the fossils ' three - dimensional structure using X - ray microtomography leans it towards the former explanation .
The fossils would have existed during a period in Earth history that came shortly after the so - called Great Oxidation Event , when free oxygen concentrations in the atmosphere rose rapidly .
Another oxygen surge that occurred about half a billion years ago co-incided with the Cambrian Explosion - the huge spurt in evolution that established all the major animal groupings .
" The evolution of the Gabon macrofossils , representing an early step toward large - sized multicellularity , may have become possible by the first boost in oxygen , " Dr El Albani and colleagues said in a statement , " whereas the Cambrian Explosion could have been fuelled by the second .
" Why it took 1.5 billion years for the multicellular organisms to take over is currently one of the great unsolved mysteries in the history of the biosphere . "
The measure would have challenged the status of the school 's assets as a tax - exempt endowment and allowed Ahmadinejad to appoint a new dean and trustees .
The parliament on Tuesday rejected legislation introduced by Ahmadinejad that would have given the government greater control over the Islamic Azad University system , dealing another blow to Ahmadinejad in his efforts to rein in the opposition movement that has taken root on many university campuses .
A dispute over control of a vast network of semi-private universities is starting to resemble a bitter custody battle , pitting President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad against one of his political rivals , Ayatollah Ali Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani , for control of the schools and the 1.5 million faculty members and students .
The parliament 's decision is considered a victory for Rafsanjani , the former president and power broker who sits on Azad 's board of trustees and whose family is highly influential within the school , which is viewed as an alternative for middle - class families whose kids sometimes do n't have the smarts , political clout or ideological requirements to qualify for publicly funded higher education .
As the chairman of the Expediency Council , Rafsanjani is a government insider , but he has fallen out with extreme hard - liners , who have the upper hand after last year 's tumultuous presidential elections .
During the campaign , he was accused of politicizing the university and even using its largess to promote reformist candidates opposing the incumbent president .
Since then , Ahmadinejad has sought to undermine Rafsanjani 's authority and gain greater control over Azad , which has 357 campuses across the country .
Tuesday 's decision came as a blow to the president , who is coming under fire by fellow conservatives over comments he made criticizing the police crackdown on improper veiling among women .
Ahmadinejad and his allies presented a united front in reaction to the decision over Azad University , which prompted protests by the president 's loyalists and led to the resignation of 11 lawmakers .
Some hard - liner lawmakers criticized the decision , citing last month 's raid on the dean 's office , which allegedly turned up documents related to oil contracts with foreign companies .
The lawmakers have called for the documents to be made public .
– Ramin Mostaghim in Tehran and Meris Lutz in Beirut
Photo : Azad University is the largest private university in Iran with hundreds of campuses all over the country .
Credit : Azad University website
Conference Program
Timetable Format : Plain List | Table | iCal | Printable Version
Filter : Day : - all - 1 - Saturday 2 - Sunday 3 - Monday 4 - Tuesday Type : - all - Paper Presentation Workshop Concert Installation Other Author : - all - Adam Thomas Adrian Freed Albert Gräf Alexander Mooij Andrew Schmeder Andrés Cabrera Augusto Meijer Bertus van Dalen Björn Wijers Brett Bergmann Charles Roberts Christopher Salter Daan van Hasselt Daniel James David Wessel Dominique Fober Esteban Calcagno Fernando Lopez - Lezcano Florian Faber Fons Adriaensen Frances - Marie Uitti Frank Barknecht Frank Neumann Graham Wakefield Hans Roels Harry Smoak Henry Vega IOhannes m zmölnig Jan Trutzschler Jan-Kees van Kampen Jason Sadural Jeroen van Iterson Joachim Heintz Joeri Jager John Kacur Jonas Foerster Joseph Malloch Joseph Thibodeau Jörn Nettingsmeier Kassen Kjetil Matheussen Laurens van der Wee Lennart Poettering Lieven Moors Louigi Verona Lovis Maarten Brinkerink Madjid Tahriri Malte Steiner Marc Groenewegen Marc Sciglimpaglia Marcel Wierckx Marcelo M. Wanderley Marije Baalman Massimo Carlentini Michael Dzjaparidze Micz Flor Miguel Negrão Nolan Smeets Olaf Hochherz Oscar Pablo Di Liscia Pau Arumí Pieter Suurmond Reinhold Kainhofer Robin Gareus Rutger Muller Sampo Savolainen Stefan Kost Stephane Letz Tarik Barri Than van Nispen tot Pannerden Tim Blechmann TopLab Victor Valentim Vincent De Belleval Wanda & Nova deViator Wesley Smith Yann Orlarey Yota Morimoto
Day 1 - Saturday
Main Track
Location : 2.00 - Large Colloquium
9:00
Coffee & Registration
10:00
Opening & Announcements
10:45
QuteCsound , a Csound Frontend
QuteCsound is a front - end application for Csound written using the Qt toolkit .
It has been developed since 2008 , and is now part of the Csound distribution for Windows and OS X .
It is a code editor for Csound , and provides many features for real - time control of the Csound engine , through graphical control interfaces and live score processing .
11:30
The WFS system at La Casa del Suono , Parma
At the start of 2009 a 189 - channel Wave Field Synthesis system was installed at the Casa del Suono in Parma , Italy .
All audio and control processing required to run the system is performed by four Linux machines .
The software used is a mix of standard Linux audio applications and some new ones developed specially for this installation .
This paper discusses the main technical issues involved , including sections on the audio hardware , the digital signal processing algorithms , and the software used to control and manage the system .
12:15
Emulating a Combo Organ Using Faust
This paper describes the working principles of a 40 year old transistor organ and how it is emulated with software .
The emulation presented in this paper is open source and written in a functional language called Faust .
The architecture of the organ proved to be challenging for Faust .
The process of writing this emulation highlighted some of Faust 's strengths and helped identify ways to improve the language .
14:00
Pro Audio is Easy , Consumer Audio is Hard
Audio Production and consumer audio share a lot of infrastructure -- however there are a number of major differences .
While for audio production environments reliable low latencies are key , dynamic reconfigurable routing unimportant and power management irrelevant , for consumer audio ( i.e. desktop and mobile ) , latencies and routing must be dynamically reconfigurable and power consumption minimized .
This has the effect that a good consumer audio stack must adjust much more dynamically , flexibly and seamlessly to its current workload than a pro audio stack .
Buffer sizes / latencies ( up to 2s ! ) must be changed dynamically , the whole audio pipeline must be able to " rewind " its playback position if needed so that long buffers do not result in slow reaction to user input , and unreliable clients with different latency requirements must be handled at the same time .
This makes it necessary to leave the limited domain of the sound card clock and schedule audio with the system clock , which of course adds major complexities due to the required estimation of deviation .
Hence one can argue that while an idealized pro audio stack could be modelled as a set of one - way fixed - speed FIFO buffers , a consumer audio stack needs to be modelled as buffers that can be rewound , dynamically changed in size and run with varying speeds , in addition to many other additional complexities .
In this talk I hope to explain a little how the consumer audio stack works , how it is different from the pro audio stack , where the complexities are , where we can share technology , where we cannot , where we should , and where we should n't .
Of course , the title of this talk is a bit exaggerated to catch your attention .
However , there 's some truth to it , and in this talk you might hopefully learn why I believe that .
Lennart Poettering works for Red Hat 's desktop group and is to blame ;-) for stuff like PulseAudio and more .
15:00
Implementing a Polyphonic MIDI Software Synthesizer using Coroutines , Realtime Garbage Collection , Closures , Auto - Allocated Variables , Dynamic Scoping , and Continuation Passing Style Programming
This paper demonstrates a few programming techniques for low - latency sample - by - sample audio programming .
Some of them may not have been used for this purpose before .
The demonstrated techniques are : Realtime memory allocation , realtime garbage collector , storing instrument data implicitly in closures , auto - allocated variables , handling signal buses using dynamic scoping , and continuation passing style programming .
15:45
LuaAV : Extensibility and Heterogeneity for Audiovisual Computing
We describe LuaAV , a runtime library and application which extends the Lua programming language to support computational composition of temporal , sound , visual , spatial and other elements .
In this paper we document how we have attempted to maintain several core principles of Lua itself - extensibility , meta- mechanisms , efficiency , portability - while dealing with the complex temporal demands of flexibility and accuracy inherent to the context of audio- visual interactive media arts and research .
Code generation is noted as a recurrent strategy for increasingly dynamic and extensible environments .
16:30
Writing Audio Applications using GStreamer
GStreamer is mostly known for its use in media players .
Although the API and the plugin collection has much to offer for audio composing and editing applications as well .
This paper introduces the framework , focusing on features interesting for audio processing applications .
The author reports about practical experience of using GStreamer inside the Buzztard project .
17:15
Wrap up I
Workshops & Events
10:30
A bird 's - eye view on Linux Audio I
Workshop
A comprehensive overview of Linux Audio and other Open Source Music Applications with several live music demos .
Interesting for beginners as well as advanced users .
The workshop is centered around three musicians playing live : violin , piano and guitar .
14:00
Developing parallel audio applications with FAUST
Workshop
While the number of cores of our CPUs is expected to double every new generation , writing efficient parallel applications that can benefit from all these cores , remain a complex and highly technical task .
The problem is even more complex for real - time audio applications that require low latencies and thus relatively fine - grained parallelism .
In order to facilitate the development of parallel audio application , the FAUST compiler developed at GRAME provides two powerful options to automatically produce parallel code .
The first one is based on the OpenMP standard , while the second one uses Posix pthreads directly .
This hands on demo will give the audience the opportunity to discover these parallelization facilities , their limits and their benefits , on concrete examples of audio applications .
15:00
A bird 's - eye view on Linux Audio II
Workshop
A comprehensive overview of Linux Audio and other Open Source Music Applications with several live music demos .
Interesting for beginners as well as advanced users .
The workshop is centered around three musicians playing live : violin , piano and guitar .
16:00
Pro Audio vs. Consumer Audio : Discussion & Work Group
Workshop
14:00
Schweigeminute
Installation
The whole piece is made of samples of human voices .
The two main materials of this piece are recordings of a Koran singer and a dirge ( called " sherve " ) , which is sang at obsequies in south Iran .
The theme of this piece is about receiving a bad message , such as the death of a loved person .
The feeling of this moment is blurred .
No clear thinking is possible .
This feeling rests for a long time and does not disappear .
In correlation to this there is no climax in this piece .
Blurred and indistinct states can be heard .
Sometimes the original voices can be understand , sometimes the original material is blurred through different synthesis ( i.e. granular synthesis , phase vocoding and convolution ) and sometimes abstract sounds ( which are made of the samples ) come to the fore .
I composed this piece for my father Mohammad Tahriri .
14:00
Quántica ( Quantum )
Installation
Written between February and May 2009 in Brasilia - Brazil .
A piece that seeks a dialogue between the Quantum of sub-atomic matter and its dynamics in physical .
The fission and nuclear fusion are abstracted into sounds that it will expand and transform , at each session , a new way of understanding the phenomenon , the sound seeks to reduce and enlarge with the transformation of their energy , their gestures and expression , that the lower part , may have the model of the whole .
It was developed using PureData ( PD ) , Csound anspatialization for 4 - channel was held in February 2010 .
14:00
Hoffnungsträger
Installation
Hope - carriers ( Hoffnungsträger ) are small " beings " of short duration .
They appear and disappear .
They follow each other .
Sometimes they appear in clouds , dispersed in a landscape .
They may be similar to one another .
They create gestures , rhythms , clouds that are stratified and fragmented .
They form an associative field .
Practically , they are the result of contingent , structural operations on sound recordings and the selection of specific constellations .
They meet on two levels of production : the machinery of creation and the machine of selection , two machines , each with its own contingencies and therefore each with its specific determination of the music .
They exist in a context of pseudo - deterministic lines .
But why do they need this context ?
Selected lines , creating some small physical phenomena .
Frequencies as lines .
Lines as rhythms - pulsating .
A line that passes through a harmonic field .
A fluctuating restlessness .
A line that approaches the " hope - carriers " and shifts away .
Does this context create a form ?
A form that does not set the goal of defining a development or of controlling contrasts .
A form that only enables one to detect something , that makes it possible for one to hear the sounds as something .
What is there in this case ?
The linear sound creates context as form , opening up the possibility of interpreting the sounds in a spatial manner .
Gestures appear be to continued behind the horizon .
They are liberated from their own consistent appearance in the field of vision .
This makes the associative field possible , since it is no longer reduced to its given representatives .
Most sounds of the piece are created by electronic circuits , transformed with SuperCollider arranged in ardour and rearranged by script based manipulation of the ardour sessions .
14:00
rrrrv2
Installation
Realized with nova , supercollider & ardour .
20:30
ZLB
Concert
In this performance a spatial array of strings is simulated using physical modeling in Supercollider and perturbed using several digital raw signals .
20:30
Flowerpulse
Concert
Flowerpulse is a short algorithmic composition that strives to maximize musical depth within a minimalist score structure .
Composed in SuperCollider , this piece is rendered as a code poem , a block of code that defines an evolving , kaleidoscopic cloud of sonic agents , each performing a variable - speed trills over selected harmonic overtones that rise , overlap and die out like falling stars .
It has a simple but dense code structure which defines a generalized pattern , that of a " Routine " of musical agents released one after another into the soundscape , each with its own voicing and lifespan .
The resulting texture is a hybrid of computer decision - making and performativity - each voice has a randomly determined element in its trill , while the rate and shape of the trill is performed in real time by performance on the mouse , or by MIDI control .
In this sense , Flowerpulse strikes a balance between control and freedom , the smooth and striated , order and disarray .
By coupling selective or performative compositional elements at each stage with algorithmic and stochastic processes , it seeks out the center where interplay between both spheres becomes deeply entangled , and where the result is greater than the sum of its parts .
20:30
Code Livecode Live
Concert
Livecoding the manipulation of the sound of livecoding , causing side effects , which are live coded to manipulate the sound of livecoding , causing side effects , which are live coded to manipulate the sound of livecoding , which are live coded to manipulate the sound of livecoding , causing side effects , which are live coded to manipulate the sound of livecoding , which are live coded to manipulate the sound of livecoding , causing side effects , which are live coded to manipulate the sound of livecoding , ...
20:30
TBA - Pd livecoding
Concert
PD live coding and / or competition
13:00
Lunch
other
Day 2 - Sunday
Main Track
Location : 2.00 - Large Colloquium
9:00
Coffee & Registration
10:00
Re-Generating Stockhausen's
Stockhausen's " Studie II " ( 1954 ) is one of the classical works of electronic music .
Written at a time when Computers played no role in the production of sound , it exhibits a way of composing which is quite similar to programming .
This can be shown by re-programming the complete piece just with the input of five numbers .
Beside this reduction - which is made in Csound - the compositorial decisions come to the fore , showing a flexibility and variability of algorithms which can be inspiring and challenging still today .
10:45
How the Real - Time Kernel Helps Audio and Video Applications
Many of the Linux Distributions that are dedicated to audio and video make use of the Linux real - time kernel .
This paper explores some of the advantages and disadvantage of using real - time .
It explains how the real - time kernel achieves latency and shows how user - ­space can take advantage of real - time capabilities .
This talk is presented by one of the real - time kernel programmers , and gives an overview of the real - time kernel for audio and video .
11:30
General - purpose Ambisonic playback systems for electroacoustic concerts - a practical approach
Concerts of electroacoustic music usually feature works written for various speaker layouts .
Except in the most luxurious of circumstances , this implies compromises in placement , frequent interruptions of the concert experience to relocate speakers , and / or errorÂ­prone equipment rewiring or reconfiguration during the concert .
To overcome this , an Ambisonic higher Â­order playback system can be used to create virtual speakers at any position as mandated by the compositions .
As a bonus , the performer can then be given realtime control of the source positions in addition to their levels , increasing the creative freedom of live sound diffusion .
Deployments at LAC 2009 and the 2009 DEGEM concert at musikFabrik in Cologne have yielded very good results and been met with general approval .
More detailed listening tests are scheduled and will be reported upon .
11:30
Download problem solved
" Download Problem Solved " is a discussion group and think tank involved with issues the media and entertainment industry are currently dealing with : easy downloading , sharing , copyright infringement and plummeting sales .
The main goals of this initiative are to bring the matter back to its core and to find practical solutions .
Before the Linux Audio Conference starts , there have already been two workshops in which we have taken a look at the wants in both supply and demand from the views of the consumer , composer / producer and the distributer .
The third and final session of the DPS pilot will take place during the Linux Audio Conference .
We will present our ideas and views on the subject , how they arrived from the previous sessions and are hoping to get constructive feedback from the Linux Audio community with its long standing background in business models based around free and open ideas .
There will be plenty of time for a discussion .
12:15
Work Stealing Scheduler for Automatic Parallelization in Faust
Faust 0.9.10 introduces an alternative to OpenMP based parallel code generation using on a Work Stealing Scheduler and explicit management of worker threads .
This paper explains the new option and presents some benchmarks .
14:30
Education on music and technology
We describe the development and the maintenance of a program for a professional education at Utrecht School of Music and Technology .
The program covers most of the field and offers various degrees up to PhD level .
The program was developed over the last 23 years and is updated on a yearly basis .
We deliver about 80 graduates a year to work , survive and keep up with developments .
92 % of our students develop a healthy career after graduation .
Music technology as a field of studies is in constant and rapid development and because of that the characteristics of " the professional " in the field are changing very rapidly too .
For this reason we have built in mechanisms to enforce regular updates of the program and to develop the knowledge and skills of the teaching staff .
15:15
Using open source music software to teach live electronics in pre-college music education
A basic course of live electronics is needed in pre-college music education to enable children to learn how to perform on a digital musical instrument .
This paper describes the basic components of such a live electronic course , examines whether open source music software is suited to realize these components and finally presents Abunch , a library in Pure Data created by the author , as a solution for the potential educational disadvantages of open source music software .
16:00
Open Images : Creative reuse of audiovisual content
Open Images ( www.openimages.eu) is an open media platform that offers online access to audiovisual archive material to stimulate creative reuse .
Footage from audiovisual collections can be downloaded and remixed into new works .
Users of Open Images also have the opportunity to add their own material to the platform and thus expand the collection .
Open Images also provides an API , making it easy to develop mashups .
Access to the material on Open Images is provided under the Creative Commons licensing model .
Creative Commons gives authors , artists , scientists and teachers the freedom to approach their copyright in a more flexible manner and make their work available in a way they can choose themselves .
The " open " nature of the platform is underscored by the use of open video formats ( Ogg Theora ) , open standards ( HTML5 , OAI - PMH ) and open source software components .
Furthermore , all software that is developed within the scope of Open Images will also be released under the GNU General Public License .
Open Images is an initiative of the Netherlands Institute for Sound and Vision in collaboration with Knowledgeland .
By the end of 2009 Open Images offers access to over 450 Polygoon items from the Sound and Vision archives .
The collection will grow substantially over the coming years ; as new items will be uploaded continuously .
Everybody is more than welcome to add material to the platform , ­not only collection institutes and producers , but all netizens creating new materials based on Open Images fragments and items from other open repositories .
16:45
Open Media / Creative Commons
17:30
Wrap up II
Workshops & Events
10:30
Supercollider advanced
Workshop
For more advanced users of SuperCollider we offer another workshop covering specific advanced topics .
Topics could include :
* Input and output to devices or other programs
* Patterns ( a different paradigm of composing based on musical sequences )
* Extending SuperCollider ( writing your own classes )
* Livecoding with SuperCollider
* Using the JITLib
For this workshop , please sign up , and let us know what topics you would like to see covered .
14:30
Supercollider beginners
Workshop
Take the first steps in SuperCollider !
SuperCollider has been up and running on Linux since shortly after it was released as open source software .
In the past two years , it has become really easy to install on Linux , and is packaged in distributions such as PlanetCCRMA and Pure : Dyne .
On Linux there is a choice between three editors : emacs , vim and gedit .
13:00
Multi - touch table with surround sound
Installation
Three students Music and Technology present octofonic music with live ambisonic spatialisation via a multitouch screen
14:00
Inside an echo chamber
Installation
TBA
14:00
Schweigeminute
Installation
The whole piece is made of samples of human voices .
The two main materials of this piece are recordings of a Koran singer and a dirge ( called " sherve " ) , which is sang at obsequies in south Iran .
The theme of this piece is about receiving a bad message , such as the death of a loved person .
The feeling of this moment is blurred .
No clear thinking is possible .
This feeling rests for a long time and does not disappear .
In correlation to this there is no climax in this piece .
Blurred and indistinct states can be heard .
Sometimes the original voices can be understand , sometimes the original material is blurred through different synthesis ( i.e. granular synthesis , phase vocoding and convolution ) and sometimes abstract sounds ( which are made of the samples ) come to the fore .
I composed this piece for my father Mohammad Tahriri .
14:00
Quántica ( Quantum )
Installation
Written between February and May 2009 in Brasilia - Brazil .
A piece that seeks a dialogue between the Quantum of sub-atomic matter and its dynamics in physical .
The fission and nuclear fusion are abstracted into sounds that it will expand and transform , at each session , a new way of understanding the phenomenon , the sound seeks to reduce and enlarge with the transformation of their energy , their gestures and expression , that the lower part , may have the model of the whole .
It was developed using PureData ( PD ) , Csound anspatialization for 4 - channel was held in February 2010 .
14:00
Hoffnungsträger
Installation
Hope - carriers ( Hoffnungsträger ) are small " beings " of short duration .
They appear and disappear .
They follow each other .
Sometimes they appear in clouds , dispersed in a landscape .
They may be similar to one another .
They create gestures , rhythms , clouds that are stratified and fragmented .
They form an associative field .
Practically , they are the result of contingent , structural operations on sound recordings and the selection of specific constellations .
They meet on two levels of production : the machinery of creation and the machine of selection , two machines , each with its own contingencies and therefore each with its specific determination of the music .
They exist in a context of pseudo - deterministic lines .
But why do they need this context ?
Selected lines , creating some small physical phenomena .
Frequencies as lines .
Lines as rhythms - pulsating .
A line that passes through a harmonic field .
A fluctuating restlessness .
A line that approaches the " hope - carriers " and shifts away .
Does this context create a form ?
A form that does not set the goal of defining a development or of controlling contrasts .
A form that only enables one to detect something , that makes it possible for one to hear the sounds as something .
What is there in this case ?
The linear sound creates context as form , opening up the possibility of interpreting the sounds in a spatial manner .
Gestures appear be to continued behind the horizon .
They are liberated from their own consistent appearance in the field of vision .
This makes the associative field possible , since it is no longer reduced to its given representatives .
Most sounds of the piece are created by electronic circuits , transformed with SuperCollider arranged in ardour and rearranged by script based manipulation of the ardour sessions .
14:30
rrrrv2
Installation
Realized with nova , supercollider & ardour .
13:30
Chuck Demo - Lunch Concert
Concert
20:30
Inverso Cosmico
Concert
The composition comes from the idea of one of the hypotheses regarding the creation of the universe , dividine it into three phases : the " Era Adronica " ( the cosmic Big Bang ) , the " Era Fotonica " ( the processes of cooling , dominated by radiation ) , the " Era Barionica " ( the present one , of the gravitational type ) .
" Inverso Cosmico " has traced its way backwards through these aforesaid hypotheses :
The " Era Barionica " a pseudomelodic line or the lifeline mixes itself with sounds of the senses or sensations ( hot , cold , dark , light , evanescence , ever present ) ;
The " Era Fotonica " rhythmns with varying timbres or radiations that mix in sound bands or fluctuating materials ;
The " Era Adronica " , the reduction and expansion of fragments of materials used previously or the Big Bang , repeated through time .
The sounds of this piece of music , have been created through the modulation of frequency , and through granular synthesis .
20:30
Tombak
Concert
Tombak is an Iranian Percussion Instrument , capable of performing very complex rhythms .
My piece tries to discover new playing techniques for the Tombak , which usually are n't playable on this Instrument .
( Such as Pitch Changes , sustained Notes , Accords , to name a few )
The basic idea of the Composition is a conversation between 3 different Tombak ( low , middle and high register ) .
Each of the 3 Instruments has its own character .
Tombak was realized with CSound and Ardour .
20:30
GR
Concert
GR by cellist / composer Frances - Marie Uitti and composer Yota Morimoto is a followup to their collaborative DVD 13AL .
The piece is the first of a series of works made by the authors for the 192 loudspeakers in Leiden .
In this condensed transient piece , F.M. Uitti explores the metalo - klang of the novel aluminum cello , while Y. Morimoto 's electronics disintegrates the sound of the instrument into numerous sonic cells whose dynamics and constellation are governed by a cellular automaton agent .
Acamar is a star at ' the end of the river , ' 120 light - years away from the Earth .
20:30
Transmutation
Concert
I put myself in the place of an alchemist and start searching for " musical gold " .
There is no need for a specific definition of this term , because it's all about the search and not about the discovery of some " gold synthesis " .
Thus I can be sure to stay searching and never to find what I do n't know .
It is a playful and experimental handling of musical substances to see how they can conglomerate , split or regroup and in which way they do so .
There exist , of course , a lot of methods to achieve this , which may vary in many aspects , e.g. in speed or complexity .
The properties of the educts and products themselves do play an important role , but it is first and foremost the transformations from one aggregate state or material to another , that is brought into focus : the " transmutation of substance " , to refer to the alchemists again .
20:30
A Very Fractal Cat , Somewhat T[h ] rilled
Concert
A Very Fractal Cat , Somewhat T[h ] rilled ( 2008 - 2010 )
This is the latest version of the second piece ( after " Cat Walk " ) of a series of algorithmic performance pieces for pianos , computer and " cat " that I started working on at the end of 2007 ( the proverbial cat walking on a piano keyboard ) .
The performer connects through a keyboard controller , four pedals and two modulation wheels to four virtual pianos both directly and through algorithms .
Through the piece different note and phrase generation algorithms are triggered by the performer 's actions , including markov chains that the virtual cat uses to learn from the performer , fractal melodies , plain scales and trills and other even simpler algorithms .
The sound of the pianos is heard directly , and is also processed using spectral , granular and other synthesis techniques at different points in the performance , creating spaces through which the performer moves .
A surround environment is created with Ambisonics spatialization , and everything in the piece ( algorithms , sound generation and processing and graphical user interface ) was written in the SuperCollider language .
" A Very Fractal Cat , Somewhat T[ h ] rilled " is a piece for performer ( a classically trained pianist ) , four virtual pianos , an optional midi controlled player piano ( Disklavier or similar ) , and computer - based sound processing and synthesis .
The performer uses a weighted 88 note keyboard controller , four pedals and two modulation wheels to connect directly and through a program to four virtual pianos and a player piano that render both the notes the performer plays and derived materials created in real - time by the program .
The computer processing involves algorithmic generation of additional note and control events and sound synthesis , processing and spatialization of the resulting audio streams .
The virtual pianos used include a Yamaha C7 , Steinway , Bosendorfer and a Cage prepared piano .
Sound processing includes granular synthesis and frequency domain transformations that affect ( in certain sections of the piece ) the sound of the virtual pianos .
Additive synthesis is sometimes used to augment and emphasize the pianos sounds .
The piece has been ( and still is ) evolving since the end of 2008 when the first versions of the program and score were created .
It has been performed in concert several times and a previous ( older ) version was submitted and performed in the LAC2009 concerts .
20:30
Landschappen
Concert
' Landschappen ' ( ' Landscapes ' ) is a spacious tape piece , meant to be a sonic representation of Dutch Landscapes .
There is a lot of inspiration & admiration to find in these endlessly flat , empty spaces .
There 's been a need to express these landscapes in music because of this .
So , it is really these typical impressions of emptiness and endlessness in Dutch landscapes , which form the basic concept of the piece .
http://augustomeijer.wordpress.com
Dance :
* Drosula Tsangaratou
* Arianna Cattini
Video :
* Michael Djaparidze
20:30
The Cake - Concert
Concert
The Cake is a sound based improvisation machine
10:00
Tools - Round Table
other
An expert group performs a comparative study of several sound processing tools .
Tools possibly incluced in the study : Pure Data , Supercollider , CSound , ChucK , FAUST , CLAM , Nyquist , Common Music and Fluxa .
The outcome is presented later that day .
16:45
Tools ( outcome )
other
Short presentation of the results of the round table session about DSP tools
Day 3 - Monday
Main Track
Location : 2.00 - Large Colloquium
10:00
Coffee
10:30
Announcements
10:45
Applications of Blocked Signal Processing ( BSP ) in Pd
Sample processing in Pure Data generally is block - based , while control or message data are computed one by one .
Block computation in Pd can be suspended or blocked to save CPU cycles .
Such " blocked signals " can be used as an optimization technique for computation of control data .
This paper explores possible applications for this " Blocked Signal Processing " ( BSP ) technique .
11:30
OrchestralLily : A Package for Professional Music Publishing with LilyPond and LaTeX
LilyPond [ Nienhuys and et al. , 2010 ] and LaTeX provide excellent free tools to produce professional music scores ready for print and sale .
Here we present the OrchestralLily package for LilyPond , which simplifies the creation of professional music scores with LilyPond and LaTeX even further .
All scores are generated on - the - fly without the need to manually specify the structure for each individual score or part .
Additionally , a LaTeX package for the prefatory matter is available and a templates system to create all files needed for a full edition is implemented .
12:15
Openmixer : a routing mixer for multichannel studios
The Listening Room at CCRMA , Stanford University is a 3D studio with 16 speakers ( 4 hang from the ceiling , 8 surround the listening area at ear level and 4 more are below an acoustically transparent grid floor ) .
We found that a standard commercial digital mixer was not the best interface for using the studio .
Digital mixers are complex , have an opaque interface and they are usually geared towards mixÂ­down to stereo instead of efficiently routing many input and output channels .
We have replaced the mixer with a dedicated computer running Openmixer , an open source custom program designed to mix and route many input channels into the multichannel speaker array available in the Listening Room .
This paper will describe Openmixer , its motivations , current status and future planned development .
14:45
5 years of using SuperCollider in real - time interactive performances and installations - retrospective analysis of Schwelle , Chronotopia and Semblance
Collaborative , interactive performances and installations are a challenging coding environment .
SuperCollider is an especially flexible audio programming language suitable to use in this context ; and in this paper I will reflect on 5 years of working with this language in three professional projects , involving dance and interactive environments .
I will discuss the needs and context of each project , common problems encountered and the solutions as I have implemented them for each project , as well as the resulting tools that have been published online .
15:30
Best Practices for Open Sound Control
The structure of the Open Sound Control ( OSC ) content format is introduced with historical con- text .
The needs for temporal synchronization and dynamic range of audio control data are described in terms of accuracy , precision , bit - depth , bit-rate , and sampling frequency .
Specific details are given for the case of instrumental gesture control , spa- tial audio control and synthesis algorithm control .
The consideration of various transport mechanisms used with OSC is discussed for datagram , serial and isochronous modes .
A summary of design approaches for describing audio control data is shown , and the case is argued that multi-layered information - rich representations are necessary .
16:15
Term Rewriting Extension for the Faust Programming Language
This paper discusses a term rewriting extension for the functional signal processing language Faust .
The extension equips Faust with a hygienic macro processing facility .
Faust macros can be used to define complicated , parameterized block diagrams , and perform arbitrary symbolic manipulations of block diagrams .
Thus they make it easier to create elaborate signal processor specifications involving many complicated components .
17:00
Wrap up III
Workshops & Events
10:45
Chuck
Workshop
A session on the ChucK programming language .
How a more intimate familiarity with the workings behind synthesis can increase our options and how a DIY approach to instruments may force us to think more deeply about what we ourselves want , musically ( as opposed to what 's offered commercially ) .
11:00
A pop production in ambisonics : Using ambisonics as a production format in ardour
Workshop
Paper - presentation & hands - on workshop .
The paper describes a pop production in mixed - order Ambisonics , with an ambient sound field recording augmented with spot microphones panned in third order .
After a brief introduction to the hard - and software toolchain , a number of miking and blending techniques will be discussed , geared towards the capturing ( or faking of ) subtle natural ambience and good imaging .
I will then describe the expected struggle to make the resulting mix loud enough for commercial use while retaining a natural and pleasant sound stage and as much dynamics as possible .
14:30
Making Waves
Workshop
A workshop introducing Campcaster , an open source radio management application for use by both small and large radio stations ( yes , real radio stations , not internet radio ) to schedule radio shows .
Learn the first steps of operating a radio station , including scheduling , live studio broadcast , play - out and even remote automation and networking via the web , all using free software .
The workshop will take participants through hardware set-ups , software installations and studio configurations , resulting in the creation of a fully - functioning Linux Audio Conference station .
The workshop will be led by Micz Flor and Adam Thomas , key members of Sourcefabric .
Sourcefabric is a new organisation formed by the team behind Campcaster , which has been developing open source solutions for independent media in developing countries for more than 10 years .
Number of places : 8
Requirements : Ideally , but not essentially , participants should bring their own laptop with Linux installed
Links :
* http://www.sourcefabric.org
* http://campcaster.campware.org/
Campcaster packages are available for Debian and Ubuntu ( Lucid and Karmic ) at http://robin.linuxaudio.org/deb/
16:30
DeMuxing :
How to get things done
Workshop
Introduction to transcoding tools .
Hands on tutorial on the workflow of Audio / Video data from acquisition to venue .
15:00
Inside an echo chamber
Installation
13:30
Playing music lazily on the bank of a river while listening to the bells of a far away city - Lunch Concert
Concert
Using loops and a midi controller with an Irish low whistle played live .
13:45
CSound demo
Concert
Demonstration of CSound
21:00
Sunset
Concert
21:00
Frozen Images
Concert
The process of freezing is a break between movements .
As such , the structure of the concert , perforated with suspensions - breaks between points , is an emergence of a performance of frozen images , full of texts , contemporary electronic rhythms , exasperated guitars , noisy oscillations , and hypnotic bass lines .
Along with the performers ' actions , tactile interfaces , and moving pictures , the performance raises questions about hypersexualisation and pornification , fetishisation in consumerism , mechanisms of the image and visual culture , idealisation of love , and the meaning of art and culture .
Movement , text , and frozen images open up in their primary way precisely based on contemporary organised noise .
The music , ambivalently contextualised through the video image and movement , stretches out to the body and its vibration , rational and affective .
Frozen images get broken by the vibration of the word and the moving of the actual flesh / body in all its resistance .
21:00
Elektronengehirn : Geburt Der Kunst ( Satz 1 und 2 )
Concert
The piece Geburt Der Kunst ( Birth Of Art ) was composed 2010 for the birthday of art , which was declared by French artist Robert Filliou to be on the 17 .
January . ( http://www.artsbirthday.net )
The concert was performed at Esc Im Labor in Graz , Austria , conducted remotely via the internet from Steiners studio in Hamburg , Germany .
The composition was created with Pure Data and separates the control from the synthesis part , both communicating via OSC .
Steiner just sent controldata via the Internet , no streaming data .
The concert at LAC 2010 happens on location without network .
The second part , Satz 2 , will be performed the first time .
Elektronengehirn is an electroacoustic project by Malte Steiner , founded in 1996 .
For soundcreation only software based synthesis and processing is used , Steiner started with CSound , custom software and soon Pure Data .
So far this project released 2 CDs , a netlabel release and several contributions to compilations and collaborations .
Steiner is involved in several open source projects , like the ' Minicomputer ' synthesizer for Linux .
http://www.block4.com
http://www.elektronengehirn.de
21:00
SC Live Coding Olympics
Concert
Concept of the Olympic Games livecoding environment
Going back to the original Olympic thought of participating is more important than winning , and drawing on ancient Greek tradition of consulting an Oracle to find a new path in life , or gain advice on the path one has taken ...
The OlympicGames provide a collaborative , playful competitive livecoding environment , where participants are given alternating a set of UGens to write a SynthDef with , or a set of Pattern elements to write a Pattern with .
The executed code of all participants is visible , both to the audience ( by displaying its screen with a projector ) and to all participants .
So every participant can modify code others have come up with .
21:00
TBA - Rutger
Concert
21:00
Lovis
Concert
Myrthe van de Weetering - Elec. violin , Melodica , Piano
Mark IJzerman - Laptop , Monome , Piano
Joep Vermolen - Cello , Metallophone
Robin Koek - Melodica , Metallophone , various small objects
21:00
Composition Competetion - Live Show
Concert
14:00
GPG & SSL - CA Key Signing
other
Key - signing parties serve to extend the web of trust to a great degree .
GPG / PGP : A key - signing party or meeting is a get - together of at least two individuals who use the PGP encryption system with the purpose of allowing them to sign each others keys .
SSL -CA : linuxaudio.org serves as a certificate authority for the LAD community .
This seems more useful than just having everyone sign their own certs .
14:30
Composition Competition
other
15:30
Future of LAC & linuxaudio.org - Round Table
other
" Linux Audio " is no longer an appropriate description for the linuxaudio.org endeavours :
It already grew beyond GNU / Linux and overwhelming resonance from the video - crowd to our call for help for the stream - team made us wonder whether this should be the last conference with only " Audio " in the title ..
This open discussion will also address the conflicting interests of Developers vs. Artists related to the conference in particular as well as the [ LinuxAudio ] consortium in general .
Day 4 - Tuesday
Main Track
Location : 2.00 - Large Colloquium
10:00
Cancelled :
3DEV : A tool for the control of multiple directional sound source trajectories in a 3D space
This Paper presents a GNU software ( 3DEV ) developed for the creation , transformation and temporal coordination of multiple directional sound source trajectories in a three - dimensional space .
3DEV was conceived as a general tool to be used in electroacoustic music composition , and the data generated by it may be transmitted on a simple and effective way to several spatialisation programs .
10:00
Coffee
10:45
A MusicXML Test Suite and a Discussion of Issues in MusicXML 2.0
MusicXML has become one of the standard interchange formats for music data .
While a specification in the form of some DTD files with comments for each element and equivalently in the form of XML Schemas is available , no representative archive of MusicXML unit test files has been available for testing purposes .
Here , we present such an extensive suite of MusicXML unit tests [ Kainhofer , 2009 ] .
Although originally intended for regression - testing the musicxml2ly con- verter , it has turned into a general MusicXML test suite consisting of more than 120 MusicXML test files , each checking one particular aspect of the MusicXML specification .
During the creation of the test suite , several shortcomings in the MusicXML specification were detected and are discussed in the second part of this article .
We also discuss the obstacles encountered when trying to convert MusicXML data files to the LilyPond format .
11:30
Sense / Stage - low cost , open source wireless sensor and data sharing infrastructure for live performance and interactive realtime environments
SenseStage is a research - creation project to develop a wireless sensor network infrastructure for live performance and interactive , real - time environments .
The project is motivated by the economic and technical constraints of live performance contexts and the lack of existing tools for artistic work with wireless sensing platforms .
The development is situated within professional artistic contexts and tested in real world scenarios .
In this paper we discuss our choice of wireless platform , the design of the hardware and firmware for the wireless nodes , and the software integration of the wireless platform with popular media programming environments by means of a data sharing network .
12:15
Supernova
SuperCollider is a modular computer music system , based on an object - oriented real - time scripting language and a standalone synthesis server .
supernova is a new implementation of the SuperCollider synthesis server , providing an extension for multi- threaded signal processing .
With adding one class to the SuperCollider class library , the parallel signal processing capabilities are exposed to the user .
13:00
Wrap up IV
14:30
Versum - closing concert
Versum was born out of a desire to make people think about music and images in new and creative ways .
It is a 3D audiovisual composition and performance tool that makes one look at the music and listen to the images .
Compositions made with Versum can be seen and heard as voyages through 3d spaces full of sound emitting virtual objects which together constitute musical and visual pieces .
15:15
Closing Ceremony
Workshops & Events
10:30
Creative Commons
Workshop
Be informed about the options and implications for licensing your work using Creative Commons .
10:30
Live Coding with QuteCsound
Workshop
This workshop will explore the Live Coding capabilities of QuteCsound for generating score events for a running instance of Csound , through the use of the Live Event Panel and the QuteSheet python API .
It will show how the QuteCsound frontend can serve as a python IDE for the processing of note events to be generated , transformed , sent live , or looped for a running Csound process .
The schedule is a major guideline .
There is no guarantee events will take place at the announced timeslot .
( 60 min ) ( 45 min ) Marc Groenewegen ( 45 min ) Andrés Cabrera ( 45 min ) Fons Adriaensen ( 45 min) Sampo Savolainen ( 60 min) Lennart Poettering ( 45 min) Kjetil Matheussen ( 45 min ) Graham Wakefield , Charles Roberts , Wesley Smith ( 45 min) Stefan Kost ( 30 min) Marc Groenewegen ( 150 min ) Lieven Moors » Location : 5.13 - HKU Hacker Space ( 105 min ) Yann Orlarey » Location : 3.10 - Work room ( 105 min ) Lieven Moors » Location : 5.13 - HKU Hacker Space ( 75 min) Lennart Poettering » Location : 3.10 - Work room ( 00:13:39 - loop ) Madjid Tahriri » Location : 3.18 - Installation 2( 00:07:35 - loop ) Victor Valentim » Location : 3.19 - Installation 3( 00:15:20 - loop ) Olaf Hochherz » Location : 3.20 - Installation 4( 00:23:41 - loop ) Tim Blechmann » Location : SETUP ( MediaLab ) ( 00:21:49 ) Miguel Negrão » Location : SETUP ( MediaLab ) ( 00:20:00 ) Marc Sciglimpaglia » Location : SETUP ( MediaLab ) ( 20 min ) Marije Baalman » Location : SETUP ( MediaLab ) ( 30 min ) Pieter Suurmond , IOhannes m zmölnig » Location : SETUP ( MediaLab ) ( 60 min ) » Location : 2.07 - Canteen ( 60 min ) ( 45 min) Joachim Heintz ( 45 min) John Kacur ( 45 min) Jörn Nettingsmeier ( 90 min) Bertus van Dalen , Alexander Mooij ( 45 min ) Stephane Letz , Yann Orlarey , Dominique Fober ( 45 min ) Jeroen van Iterson , Marc Groenewegen , Marcel Wierckx ( 45 min ) Hans Roels ( 45 min) Maarten Brinkerink ( 45 min) Björn Wijers ( 15 min) Marc Groenewegen ( 150 min ) Marije Baalman , Jan Trutzschler , Henry Vega , Jan-Kees van Kampen » Location : 5.13 - HKU Hacker Space ( 120 min) Marije Baalman , Jan Trutzschler , Henry Vega , Jan-Kees van Kampen » Location : 5.13 - HKU Hacker Space ( 30 min - loop ) Daan van Hasselt , Nolan Smeets , Joeri Jager » Location : SETUP ( MediaLab ) ( 24:00:00 - loop ) Louigi Verona » Location : 3.17 - Installation 1(00:13:39 - loop ) Madjid Tahriri » Location : 3.18 - Installation 2( 00:07:35 - loop ) Victor Valentim » Location : 3.19 - Installation 3( 00:15:20 - loop ) Olaf Hochherz » Location : 3.20 - Installation 4( 00:23:41 - loop ) Tim Blechmann » Location : SETUP ( MediaLab ) ( 30 min ) Kassen » Location : SETUP ( MediaLab ) ( 00:11:15 ) Massimo Carlentini » Location : Kikker ( 00:04:53 ) Madjid Tahriri » Location : Kikker ( 00:06:00 ) Frances - Marie Uitti , Yota Morimoto » Location : Kikker ( 00:06:40 ) Jonas Foerster » Location : Kikker ( 19 min ) Fernando Lopez - Lezcano » Location : Kikker ( 20 min) Augusto Meijer » Location : Kikker ( 10 min) Laurens van der Wee » Location : Kikker ( 150 min ) Andrés Cabrera , Kassen , Yann Orlarey , Pieter Suurmond , IOhannes m zmölnig , Pau Arumí » Location : 4.11 - Work room ( 45 min ) Andrés Cabrera , Kassen , Yann Orlarey , Pieter Suurmond , IOhannes m zmölnig , Pau Arumí » Location : 2.02 - Semi College room ( 30 min ) ( 15 min) Marc Groenewegen ( 45 min) Frank Barknecht ( 45 min) Reinhold Kainhofer ( 45 min) Fernando Lopez - Lezcano , Jason Sadural ( 45 min) Marije Baalman ( 45 min) Andrew Schmeder , David Wessel , Adrian Freed ( 45 min) Albert Gräf ( 30 min) Marc Groenewegen ( 150 min ) Kassen » Location : 3.10 - Work room ( 90 min ) Jörn Nettingsmeier » Location : 5.13 - HKU Hacker Space ( 150 min) Micz Flor , Adam Thomas » Location : 5.13 - HKU Hacker Space ( 45 min) Florian Faber » Location : 4.11 - Work room ( 24:00:00 - loop ) Louigi Verona » Location : 3.17 - Installation 1 ( 15 min) Louigi Verona » Location : SETUP ( MediaLab ) ( 15 min ) Andrés Cabrera » Location : SETUP ( MediaLab ) ( 00:04:00 ) Louigi Verona » Location : SJU Jazzpodium - Club ( 01:00:00 ) Wanda & Nova deViator » Location : SJU Jazzpodium - Club( 00:20:00 ) Malte Steiner » Location : SJU Jazzpodium - Club ( 30 min) Marije Baalman » Location : SJU Jazzpodium - Club ( 30 min) Rutger Muller » Location : SJU Jazzpodium - Club( 00:45:00 ) Lovis » Location : SJU Jazzpodium - Club ( 15 min)
Than van Nispen tot Pannerden » Location : SJU Jazzpodium - Club ( 30 min ) Robin Gareus , Daniel James » Location : 5.13 - HKU Hacker Space ( 120 min)
Than van Nispen tot Pannerden » Location : 4.11 - Work room ( 60 min ) Jörn Nettingsmeier , Marije Baalman , Marc Groenewegen , Robin Gareus , Daniel James , Frank Neumann » Location : 3.10 - Work room ( 45 min) Esteban Calcagno , Oscar Pablo Di Liscia ( 45 min ) ( 45 min) Reinhold Kainhofer ( 45 min ) Marije Baalman , Christopher Salter , Harry Smoak , Vincent De Belleval , Brett Bergmann , Joseph Malloch , Joseph Thibodeau , Marcelo M. Wanderley ( 45 min) Tim Blechmann ( 30 min) Marc Groenewegen ( 45 min) Tarik Barri ( 15 min ) Marc Groenewegen , Robin Gareus ( 90 min ) Björn Wijers » Location : 3.10 - Work room ( 120 min ) Andrés Cabrera » Location : 4.11 - Work room
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The UN Security Council has issued a statement calling for an impartial inquiry into Israel 's raid on a flotilla of Gaza - bound aid ships .
The raid sparked strong international condemnation and calls for Israel to lift its three - year blockade of Gaza .
Captain Arye Shalicar of the Israeli Defence Force was part of Monday 's operation .
If you want to access and read the iPhone SMS backup file , you ’ve come to the right place .
We ’ll walk you through how to access this text message file , which contains all of an iPhones text messages , SMS , MMS , and iMessages , and also show you how to read the files contents .
This trick works for both Mac OS X and Windows .
i Phone SMS Backup File Location on Mac
First things first , let ’s get to the backup file which contains the texts and imessages .
Your SMS / text messages are backed up and buried deep within the standard iPhone backup location .
The file you are looking fo is located at the following location on a Mac :
~/ Library / Application Support / MobileSync / Backup /
And the file is located on Windows at ( more possible destinations further below in the article for other versions of Windows ) :
C:\Users\USERNAME\AppData\Roaming \Apple Computer\MobileSync\Backup
You are then going to explore the folders contained within these directories , looking for a randomly generated filename that is really long and full of hexadecimal , like : 9182749a9879a8798a798e98798798f9879877c98798 .
There is usually just one directory in here unless you have multiple devices synced to your computer .
Open that directory and look for the following filename :
3d0d7e5fb2ce288813306e4d4636395e047a3d28
This file will sometimes have a .mddata or . mdbackup extension , though if you do n’t have extensions enabled you may not see it .
That does n’t matter much , just get access to this file .
How to Read the iPhone SMS Backup File
Once you have located this file , make a copy of it to the desktop or some place easier to access .
This will also serve as a backup of the imessage / sms database , which is important in case you somehow mess something up , you wo n’t compromise the original message backup database .
You may notice that this file is actually a SQLite database , and the tables can be read and queried like any other database using SQL commands .
If you have no SQL experience , it ’s not too complicated , but first you will need to download an application that lets you open and read SQLite database files , in the screenshot below I used MesaSQLite for Mac OS X , it ’s currently in beta and free to download .
There are plenty of SQLite apps for Windows too if you need one .
Once you have downloaded your SQLite management app , launch the program and then open up the aforementioned SMS database file ( yes , the 3d0d7e5 fb2ce288813306e4d4636395e047a3d28 file ) within the SQL app to see all your text messages :
Now the best thing about this being a SQLite database is that it can be queried against easily , so if you ’re looking for text messages just from a specific number , specify that in the query .
For example , in MesaSQLite you just select this under “ Table Content ” then Message > Address > Contains > 1888
Replace 1888 with any other number prefix .
Once you see the messages you want , just double click on them to be able to read the text message stored within the backup file that is now opened in the SQL manager :
And yes , you can change the content of text messages through these backup files too !
It ’s worth mentioning that you can also just drag the database file into a text editor like TextWrangler , but it ’ll completely decimate the appearance of the file and it ’s very hard to read .
If you are looking for a very quick and dirty way of searching for an exact message though and you know the content , it works , but it ’s not pretty .
i Phone SMS backup file location in Windows
Since there are multiple versions of Windows , here are the possible locations of the iPhone backup file :
%APPDATA % \Apple Computer\MobileSync\Backup\
Windows XP :
%APPDATA % = C : \Documents and Settings \[ your username ] \Application Data\
Windows Vista :
%APPDATA % = C: \Users\ [ your username ] \AppData \Roaming
Windows 7 & Windows 8 :
C:\Users\user\AppData\Roaming \Apple Computer\MobileSync\Backup
Windows 10 :
C:\Users\USERNAME\AppData\Roaming \Apple Computer\MobileSync\Backup
Everything else is the same as above , look for the same file (s ) , and you ’ll need to open them in a SQLite editor .
A rumor started by movie geeks at Total Film has everyone believing today 's when Doc and Marty from Back To The Future show up in a DeLorean .
It 's not .
In fact , it 's a hoax .
Here 's what happened .
Advertisement
Advertisement
The people running Total Film's Twitter erroneously Tweeted yesterday that Monday was the day Marty and Doc travel to the future .
They tried to correct this by posting a photoshop showing the day as July 5th and someone else made a photoshop claiming it was July 6th .
Both were hoaxes , but they spread across the web faster than the site 's retraction .
Advertisement
This screencap from this video proves the lead characters from Back To The Future do n't show up today .
Marty attempts to escape Libyan terrorists and accidentally hits 88 mph , thus sending him to November 5 , 1955 .
But do you really need video proof ?
They go far into the future in Back To The Future : Part II , not the original .
And the date for the future world is October 21 , 2015 .
So we 'll see you all in five years and four months .
[ Total Film ]
On June 8
Tor will be releasing Metatropolis , a collection of short stories edited by no other than author John Scalzi .
The gist of this collection are tales of a future without oil .
In honor of this upcoming book , Scalzi and the other writers involved with Metatropolis are having contests .
Which means you have a chance to win this new book .
Actually , you have five chances , one chance at five different websites .
If you 'd like to take part in these contests , check out the sites for : Each contest is different , so have fun with it .
Keep in mind the contests end at 11:59 p.m. Eastern
Time on June 7 , so get to it .
The contest at Scalzi 's site includes writing up to three haiku about a future with no oil or nearly without oil .
Below are my submissions to Scalzi 's blog .
We worship the sunWind drives our lingering soulsChildren of fossilsBurning dinosaursForgotten baptism of oilEngines thirst for godCannons fall silentTanks roll the deserts no moreStill , we pray for rain
The world 's hottest deficit hawk Niall Ferguson brought his message of fiscal doom & gloom to the Aspen Ideas Festival , where he warned that politicians were lacking urgency over the crisis to come .
The Aspen Times reports :
And American politicians do n't have a sense of urgency , Ferguson contended .
They feel the country can limp along for another 20 years or so in its current financial health without making tough decisions about fiscal policy .
He believes they are wrong .
The federal government 's debt has grown so large in the past decade that the United States will inevitably devote an increasing amount of taxes to it .
Meanwhile it 's facing a greater burden through the Medicare and Social Security programs as Baby Boomers age .
It 's also currently fighting two wars .
All that while revenues have plummeted in the recession .
“ If you really want to see when an empire is getting vulnerable , the big giveaway is when the costs of serving the debt exceed the cost of the defense budget , ” Ferguson said .
That will happen in the United States within the next six years , he predicted .
He also warned that the US economy could unravel very quickly , a la the Soviet Union , and that there was no reason to presume it would sink slowly into the mire .
Meanwhile , Ferguson 's unofficial adversary Paul Krugman has a post up about interest payments in debt - heavy Japan , in which he argues that the country 's debt service is n't as high as people seem to think .
Worth a quick read .
The Loneliest Humanoid in America
Walking , self - contained , adult - size robots are commonplace in robotics labs in Japan and South Korea , but there ’s only one made here .
Why are we falling behind ?
Scientists from the Institute of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology and Collaborative Research Center 746 of the University of Freiburg have discovered a new mechanism which plays an essential role in the assembly and growth of mitochondria , the " power plants " of the cell .
These organelles make energy stored in food ready for use by the cell .
The generators in the cellular power plants are biological membranes located inside the mitochondria .
Even minute errors in the composition of the inner mitochondrial membrane can lead to severe metabolic derangements , which can have an especially negative impact on the energy - hungry muscle and nerve cells .
In order to function , the cellular generators depend on the support of numerous highly specialized membrane proteins in the inner mitochondrial membrane .
For the most part , these proteins are synthesized outside of the organelles and then imported with the help of protein translocases .
Fundamental processes like this follow the same principles in all organisms , from unicellular life forms to human beings .
The scientists were thus able to use mitochondria from baker 's yeast as a model system for their study , which has now been published in the journal Current Biology .
In investigating the insertion of a family of membrane proteins which is of great pharmacological interest , the so - called ABC transporters , the research team made the surprising discovery that some segments of the transporters are evidently initially skipped by the insertion machinery and transported completely over the membrane .
" These errors in membrane insertion are then repaired by another translocase which is very old from an evolutionary perspective , " says Maria Bohnert , doctoral student and Boehringer - Ingelheim Scholarship recipient .
Thus , the scientists were able to demonstrate for the first time that at least two different protein translocases cooperate closely to insert proteins with complex structures into the inner mitochondrial membrane .
In clarifying this coupled mechanism of membrane insertion , project head Dr. Martin van der Laan and his team have solved a hotly debated scientific problem and made a major contribution to our understanding of the composition and functioning of cellular power plants .
The findings may help scientists to throw light on the mechanisms of diseases caused by defects in the biogenesis of mitochondria .
( CNN ) --
A flight attendant with a pilot 's license ditched her normal duties and stepped in for a sick copilot of an American Airlines flight before the plane landed in Chicago , Illinois , airline officials said .
The first officer had become sick with " flulike " symptoms Monday , according to Tim Wagner , a spokesman for American Airlines .
" He went back into the passenger cabin , " he said .
" That 's when the captain began to solicit help from any passengers with a pilot 's license . "
One of the five flight attendants on board flight 1612 from San Francisco , California , told the captain that she is a commercial pilot , and she immediately took over the first officer 's responsibilities , Wagner said .
The Chicago Tribune has identified the flight attendant as Patti DeLuna , 61 .
" I was the best available [ backup pilot ] they had on the plane , " DeLuna told the Chicago Tribune .
" I spent a lot of time in the cockpit looking at the flight deck and asking questions .
My first question to the captain was , ' Where are the brakes ? ' "
The plane , carrying 225 passengers and seven crew members , landed safely at O'Hare International Airport at 4:24 p.m. Monday .
The first officer , who is based in Chicago , was immediately taken to the hospital by paramedics waiting on the ground .
He was treated and released and was resting Tuesday , Wagner said .
" The entire incident was handled very well on all accounts , " Wagner said .
He was not able to elaborate on the flight attendant 's background Tuesday afternoon or provide any details of her piloting experience .
The flight attendant is based in San Francisco , the captain in St. Louis , Missouri .
I was on Good Morning America this not - so - good morning , doing what I could .
But I was struck by something that George Stephanopoulos said : he claimed to have been speaking to an administration official who asserted that what we need to get businesses investing is for business to know that the government has stopped — presumably , that means no new spending , no new regulation , whatever .
GS is a careful guy , so this must be true .
And it ’s shocking — not that people are saying this , but that someone inside the administration is saying it .
It ’s garbage , of course : businesses are refusing to invest because they do n’t see enough demand for their products .
And administration economists know that it ’s garbage .
But obviously some people in the WH — I ’m guessing a political person , but who knows — have bought the right - wing line hook , line , and sinker .
We ’ll never know what might have happened if Obama and co. had actually had the courage of their convictions ; what we do know is that they have undermined their own message at every turn .
" Now that we 're in the kitchen , we have to take the heat , " said Rajendra Pachauri .
" And we have to recognise that the stakes are very high .
So we have to prepare ourselves for criticism , and this is not something we have done in the past . "
Indeed not .
The worlds of climate science and politics were very different in 1988 when the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) , the organisation that Dr Pachauri now chairs , came into being .
Concern there was about the potential of humanity 's greenhouse gas emissions to produce a net warming of the planet 's biosphere , which was why the organisation came into existence .
But computers on which scientists ran models were mere calculators beside today 's petaflop behemoths ; and many of the observation systems that now provide valued data , such as the global flotilla of Argo floats , were barely at the stage of conception , never mind in their infancy .
As a result , the risk of warming might have been perceived as real , but it also went unquantified .
And as a result of that , there was barely a prospect of painful greenhouse gas emission cuts , never mind the wholesale decarbonisation of economies within a few decades that many now advocate .
Fossil fuel lobbyists had barely begun to organise , and a webless world did not facilitate the instant fractious exchanges of angry words and equations - the game , sometimes played on astroturf , that now makes the climate blogosphere as relentless as Shinjuku station in rush hour .
And so we come , via the hockey stick and the passing of the Waxman - Markey bill and " ClimateGate " and Copenhagen and erroneous Himalayan glacier melting dates and the Tea Party movement to this , the start of the UN - commissioned review of the IPCC on a sunny canalside morning in Amsterdam .
The scene in the Royal Netherlands Academy of Arts and Sciences was a world away from the media scrums of the IPCC report launches in 2007 , let alone the Copenhagen maelstrom .
The review panel of 12 academics - their CVs richly adorned with professorships and advisorships and awards - sat around a U - shaped table in a bare room while a handful of reporters and support staff scattered themselves around chairs at the back .
At the top of the U were the first people to present material to the review - Dr Pachauri himself and IPCC secretary Renate Christ .
Their presentations consisted mostly of background material about how the IPCC works : how it selects lead authors for its reports , how it relates to governments , how its cycles of reporting run .
Along the way , Dr Pachauri unveiled some issues that had concerned him for a while .
Communications with the public have historically been poor .
Support networks are established for the duration of one assessment cycle , meaning that if something subsequently goes awry - such as discovering you 've put the wrong date for the melting of Himalayan glaciers in your report - the team that should be in place to assess and deal with the issue has already disbanded .
These things are very small beer compared with the assault cannon constantly being fired in the IPCC 's direction , and specifically at Dr Pachauri .
The organisation is accused of deliberately selecting report leaders " fully signed up to the global warming theology " , as you might put it , and of deliberately excluding dissenting voices through a variety of mechanisms .
It is accused of routinely neglecting the influence of natural climatic cycles in its projections , and of concocting projections of the world 's socio- economic future that bear little relation to reality .
Dr Pachauri himself is accused of making money out of promulgating climate concerns , despite recently being cleared of financial irregularities by auditors KPMG .
The last time I wrote about this review - when UN secretary - General Ban Ki-moon announced its constitution back in March - I was already receiving emails assuring me that it was a whitewash , and I do n't expect this to change .
Review panel chairman Harold Shapiro , a Princeton University economist and former advisor to both the George Bush and Bill Clinton presidencies , assured me it wo n't be - they are " neither friend nor foe " of the IPCC .
When I asked him whether critics who have seen the IPCC at first hand will be called - I mentioned both Richard Lindzen and John Christy in this context - he replied that this sort of
" ...' thoughtful critic ' - very very respectable and highly thought of scientists with criticisms of the organisation - we definitely want to hear that . "
And anyone can send in comments - they 're already arriving , apparently .
What 's interesting me is that scientists I 've spoken to , both in camps that are seriously concerned about climate change and those that find IPCC projections overblown , want this review to succeed .
By that , they mean changing the organisation as much as is necessary to help it do its assigned job as best it can : improving the quality of its scrutiny , removing inherent biases if they exist , supporting lead authors better as they wade through an every - rising tide of scientific papers , and enhancing communication of findings to the public who ultimately are paying for it .
It 's a big task , let 's be honest ; Professor Shapiro acknowledged as much .
The 12 panellists are already very busy people , and there is a stack of material to get through and an army of people to hear from - and all before the end of August .
One presumes none will be having a relaxing summer break this time around , stuck as they 'll be in Dr Pachauri 's ever - warming kitchen .
This is the second in a three - part series of articles sharing the insights of some spiritual thinkers on the subject of suffering and the First Noble Truth .
In the first article , I shared insights from Ken Wilber ’s No Boundary .
You can read the post here :
This excerpt in this post is from Daniel Ingram ’s outstanding Mastering the Core Teachings of the Buddha : An Unusually Hardcore Dharma Book .
You can download the entire book in PDF form here :
Mastering the Core Teachings of the Buddha , Adobe / .pdf version , Revised 2008 version
or you can buy the paperback from Amazon here :
Mastering the Core Teachings of the Buddha : An Unusually Hardcore Dharma Book
Truth Number One : Suffering
by Daniel Ingram
“ The first truth is the truth of suffering … There must have been something important about it for it to start off something called the Four Noble Truths that is not immediately obvious .
Why do we practice ?
Suffering , that ’s why !
It is just that simple .
Why do we do anything ?
Suffering !
Plenty of people balk at this , and say that they do lots of things because of reasons other than suffering .
I suppose that to be really correct I should add in ignorance and habit , but these are intimately connected to suffering .
This is worth investigating in depth .
Perhaps there is something more to this first truth that they may have missed on first inspection , as it is a deep and subtle teaching .
Actually , to understand this first truth is to understand the whole of the spiritual path , so take the time to investigate it .
The basic gist of the truth from a relative point of view is that we want things to be other than they are , and this causes pain .
We want things that are nice to be permanent , we want to get what we want and avoid what we do n’t want .
We wish bad things would go faster than they do , and these are all contrary to reality .
We all die , get sick , have conflicts , and constantly seem to be running around either trying to get something ( greed ) , get away from something ( hatred ) , or tune out from reality all together ( delusion ) .
We are never perfectly happy with things just as they are .
These are the traditional , relative ways in which suffering is explained , but these definitions can only take us so far .
At the most fundamental level , the level that is the most useful for doing insight practices , we wish desperately that there was some separate , permanent self , and we spend huge amounts of time doing our best to prop up this illusion .
In order to do this , we habitually ignore lots of useful information about our reality and give our mental impressions and simplifications of reality much more importance than they are necessarily due .
It is this illusion that adds a problematic element to the normal and understandable ways in which we go about trying to be happy .
We constantly struggle with reality because we misunderstand it , i.e. because reality misunderstands itself .
“ So what ’s new ? ” one might say .
Good point !
It is n’t new , is it ?
This has been the whole of our life !
The big question is “ Is there some understanding which makes a difference ? ”
Yes , or we would n’t be bothering with all of this spirituality stuff .
Somewhere down in our being there is a little voice that cries , “ There is another way ! ”
We can find this other way .
Connecting with the truth of suffering can actually be very motivating for spiritual practice .
Most traditional talks on the Buddha ’s teachings begin with this .
More than just being motivating for spiritual practice , tuning into suffering is spiritual practice !
Many people start meditating and then get frustrated with how much suffering and pain they experience , never knowing that they are actually starting to understand something .
They cling to the ideal that insight practices will produce peace and bliss and yet much of what they find is suffering .
They do n’t realize that things on the cushion tend to get worse before they get better .
Thus , they reject the very truths they must deeply understand to obtain the peace they were looking for and thus get nowhere .
They reject their own valid insights that they have obtained through valid practice .
I suspect that this is one of the greatest and most common stumbling blocks on the spiritual path .
There is a flip side to suffering which can help , and that is compassion , the wish for there to not be suffering .
Wherever there is suffering there is compassion , though most of the time somewhat twisted by the confused logic of the process of ego .
More on this in a bit , but it leads directly to the second Noble Truth , the cause of suffering …. ”
Excerpt from Mastering the Core Teachings of the Buddha by Daniel Ingram
To read the third article in this series on the truth of suffering , go here :
♡♡♡
37.871593 -122.272747
Uruguay reached the semi-finals of the World Cup for the first time since 1970 , but ended the hopes of Africa after winning a truly extraordinary match at Soccer City on a penalty shoot - out .
Ghana seemed certain to become the first African side to reach the last four of the competition when Luis Suarez saw red after handling on the line in the dying seconds of extra-time .
However , striker Asamoah Gyan , who had already converted two penalties in South Africa , skimmed the crossbar with the last kick of the game .
Gyan showed incredible guts to take the first spot - kick of the shoot - out but John Mensah and Dominic Adiyiah both had their low strikes saved by Fernando Muslera .
And Sebsatian Abreu then showed ice - cold composure to dink the decisive penalty beyond Richard Kingson as Uruguay sealed a semi-final tie against the Netherlands .
Suarez 's deliberate handball , which came seconds after he had legitimately blocked one goal - bound effort with his knee , was a gamble that paid handsome dividends .
It was a truly remarkable final few minutes , surely some of the most dramatic in World Cup history , and came at the end of an engrossing and occasionally bad - tempered contest .
Both teams enjoyed periods in the ascendancy - and both were guilty of wasting numerous opportunities .
Sulley Muntari , almost kicked out of the squad after criticising coach Milovan Rajevac earlier in the competition , struck a long - range opener on the stroke of half - time , while the impressive Diego Forlan equalised with a free - kick 10 minutes after the restart .
La Celeste controlled the early part of the contest and their early endeavours twice brought them close to scoring but each time they were denied by Kingson .
The first was a reaction save after John Mensah inadvertently deflected a corner towards his own goal and the second an athletic finger - tip effort to deny Suarez , who will be suspended for the semi-final , after the striker capitalised on a slip by Isaac Vorsah .
But the South American side , already without injured defender Diego Godin , lost skipper Diego Lugano to injury towards the end of the first half , his withdrawal coming at a time when the Black Stars had started to find a foothold in the match .
Rajevac 's side had offered almost nothing in attack until Vorsah , recalled in defence in place of the suspended Jonathan Mensah , headed wide from a corner just before the half - hour mark .
Gyan then narrowly missed after the industrious Kevin - Prince Boateng picked him out in front of the deep - sitting Uruguay defence with a square ball , while Mutari headed wide after latching on to a raking pass .
Even so , it looked as though the match would be goalless at the break until Muntari , gifted the time to assess his options , unleashed a vicious 40 - yard strike that caught Muslera off guard .
Uruguay brought on Nicolas Lodeiro at the break and the game quickly became stretched as Tabarez 's team searched for an equaliser .
Edinson Cavani felt he should have been awarded a penalty after he went down under a challenge from Vorsah , but there was no doubt about Forlan 's free - kick from a wide angle that drew his team level .
Ghana had repeated opportunities to strike on the counter , but they wasted a series of excellent positions with poor pass selection , while Gyan tangled repeatedly with several different members of the Uruguay defence .
Uruguay created two good chances for Suarez but he could only guide a cross from Forlan into the side - netting at the far post and drill in a strike that Kingson palmed over .
Andres Scotti blocked a shot from Gyan in the first half of extra-time and , minutes before the shoot - out , almost kicked the ball into his own net as he tried to clear it away from the dangerous Ghana striker .
The Black Stars were dominant in the closing minutes of extra-time as their opponents visibly tired and , after Suarez legally denied Steven Appiah and then Adiyiah - illegally - the match took its dramatic final twist .
An American art student loses an eye when struck in the face by a tear gas canister fired by Israeli Defense Force ( IDF ) personnel breaking up , in the occupied West Bank , a demonstration which itself is a protest against the deadly commando raid on the Free Gaza flotilla .
No , you did n’t miss U.S. news media coverage of this IDF attack on 21 - year - old Emily Henchowicz , a student at Cooper Union in New York City who was standing with a group of foreigners during that demonstration near a checkpoint between Ramallah and Jerusalem .
You did n’t miss it because the mainstream media in the U.S. ignored it .
Apparently news of Henchowicz ’s maiming was not news deemed worthy enough for print in the New York Times or Washington Post or meriting broadcast network / cable news attention .
It ’s no surprise that the avowedly right - wing FOX ignored this incident , but the liberal - leaning MSNBC ignored this story also .
The blackout of this partial blinding of an American citizen darkens the already black eye the mainstream American news media has giving itself by its crimped coverage of the deadly Israeli raid on that flotilla attempting to bring humanitarian supplies to the Israeli - besieged Gaza and of the international fallout in the wake of that illegal raid .
The same major U.S. newspapers that found space during the two weeks after that May 31st assault in international waters for over 1,200 articles about the Tea Party or that “ movement ’s ” darling du jour Rand Paul , carried only 58 references to the American - born teen killed during that raid , according to a review of articles in the LexisNexis database of U.S. newspapers and wires .
So , what would explain why the fatal shooting of Troy , NY - born Furkan Dogan ’s merits only one - ninth of the 500 + article coverage devoted to prattle from Sarah Palin , all of which was published during that same two week post - raid period ?
Maybe it ’s the fact that the 19 - year - old Dogan , who had dual US / Turkish citizenship , lived the last 17 - years of his short life in Turkey .
Did his “ Turkishness ” trump the news that autopsy results showed the young Dogan had died from multiple gun shots including four shots to the head , one of them from the back ?
Or maybe this minimalist coverage of Dogan ’s death , as documented by a Fairness & Accuracy In Reporting ( FAIR ) anylisis , results from the fact that much of the “ U.S. press coverage takes Israeli government claims at face value … ”
If FAIR ’s criticism that the media exhibited a lack of “ skepticism ” toward Israeli government spin is on target , maybe media managers simply embraced Israeli government claims that their crack commandos only boarded the Mavi Marmara armed with paint - ball guns and small caliber pistols , and then concluded that perhaps Dogan must have died either from gunfire from his fellow peace activists , or that he had shot himself four times in the head ?
FAIR cited a Washington Post editorial as an “ appalling ” example of the U.S. news media ’s penchant for reporting on the Israeli assault exclusively through Israel ’s eyes .
That Post editorial characterized participants in the flotilla as a “ motley collection , ” deserving no sympathy due to their ulterior motive on “ provoking a confrontation . ”
Acknowledging that the Israeli raid was “ misguided and badly executed , ” this editorial in one of the nation ’s major newspapers ( a paper that did not report on the blinding of Emily Henchowicz ) took a pro-Israeli perspective , inferring that calls for an international investigation into the flotilla raid could potentially become part of a campaign to “ de- legitimize the Jewish State . ”
Such language is a talking - point lifted straight from the Israeli government and its American lobby , the American Israel Public Affairs Committee ( AIPAC ) .
Irrespective of the sympathy many Americans have for Israel , the Ethics Code of America ’s Society of Professional Journalists states that journalists should : support the open exchange of views , even views they find repugnant .
Any fair - and - balanced report on the flotilla raid would have to have to include the perspective of flotilla participant and Israel Parliament member Hanin Zoabi , an Israeli - Arab , which ran in an AP article , and which was thus available to virtually every news editor in the country .
In that AP story , which ran on June 10 , she said , “ The Israeli military is like a rapist that gets scratched and then blames the victim … Israel acts like a bull . ”
According to a LexisNexis review condcted three days later , Zoabi ’s words had still not been published in any major American newspaper .
Many American journalists – like many Americans – may feel Israel is justified in taking military actions in its professed self - defense , even as other Americans might consider those actions to be war crimes .
Yet the point remains that support for the Israeli position does not justify suppression by the media of information integral to the story that conflicts with that position .
At that point , the “ news ” becomes simply propaganda .
As George Curry , columnist for the BlackPressUSA site , noted in a recent article about the FAIR analysis , “ For years , Palestinians have been unable to get their side fairly reported in the U.S. media and the latest international incident is yet another example . ”
The critiques of Curry , FAIR and many others about the pro-Israeli / anti-Palestinian slant in America ’s news media echoes a decades - old finding about news media failings to adequately cover race - related matters in the United States .
America ’s news media have “ not communicated to the majority of their audience – which is white – a sense of the degradation , misery , and hopelessness of living in the ghetto , ” stated the March 1968 report of the Kerner Commission , which examined the causes of urban riots during the 1960s .
The Kerner Commission ’s examination of news media practices criticized exclusionary coverage that consistently failed to provide context critical for a full understandings of race - related issues .
“ If what the white American reads in the newspapers or sees on television conditions his expectations of what is ordinary and normal in the larger society , he will neither understand nor accept the black American , ” the Kerner Report noted , concluding that slanted news coverage had “ contributed to the black - white schism in this country . ”
Slanted coverage on Palestinian issues similarly deprives Americans of the context needed to understand the complicated controversy that keeps the Middle East volatile and keeps America as a primary target of terrorists .
While accounts of that blinding injury to Emily Henchowicz are available in the blogosphere , the Inter Press Service is the only major U.S. news organization listed in the LexisNexis database to carry a story specifically reporting on the incident .
A June 1 , 2010 IPS report from Ramallah stated that Henchowicz “ … appeared to be deliberately targeted when a teargas canister was fired at her head , causing her to lose an eye . ”
That same IPS article included context about IDF personnel regularly violating regulations barring firing those powerful gas canisters directly at protestors …violations that have produced in a number of deaths and serious injuries .
That Society of Professional Journalists Ethics Code urges journalists to “ Tell the story of the diversity and magnitude of the human experience boldly , even when it ’s unpopular to do so . ”
The failure of many American media organizations to adhere to SPJ Code provisions produces the dynamic of : text without context is pretext .
About a month ago in a short article on the AHL 's official site , it was announced that Mark Wotton would be returning for a fifth season with the Bridgeport Sound Tigers .
Wotton , the 36 year old veteran of 13 +
AHL campaigns , will be the captain of the Sound Tigers for the fifth season .
Why does this matter ?
Why am I writing about a journeyman career AHLer that has played in a total of 43 NHL games and has n't seen an NHL rink in over a decade ?
Because he 's hockey 's answer to Crash Davis , the savvy vet that knows all the tricks and all the cliches .
He 's the player that serves as a mentor to the young guns coming up through the ranks .
This coming season his role will be especially important because of a young roster in Bridgeport that will include several prospects the Islanders are high on .
I wanted to take a closer look at Wotton and the development program in Bridgeport .
I had a chance to talk to Bridgeport Head Coach Jack Capuano about his captain and the coming season in Bridgeport .
Over the past four seasons in Bridgeport , Wotton has played mentor to many of the Islanders prospects including Andrew MacDonald ( 2007 - 2010 ) , Dustin Kohn ( 2008 - 2010 ) , Jack Hillen ( 2008 -2009 ) , Frans Nielsen ( 2006 - 2008 ) , Kyle Okposo ( 2008 ) .
The praise these guys give to Wotton shows how important a leader he is , like what Okposo told Chris Botta back in November :
Okposo is not alone in his praise of Wotton .
Andy MacDonald , Dustin Kohn , Jack Hillen and Blake Comeau have all at one time or another noted how important Wotton 's presence was in their development not only as players but as men .
Something right must be going on down in Bridgeport .
I wanted to delve deeper into why Bridgeport has been so successful at developing talent for the Islanders in recent year and Mark Wotton 's role in that .
I had the opportunity talk to Bridgeport Head Coach Jack Capuano about his captain and the Sound Tigers :
Lighthouse Hockey -
You 've coached Mark Wotton for four years , one as an assistant and three as head coach of the Sound Tigers .
What has made this partnership work so well ?
Jack Capuano -
The one word that comes to mind about Wots is professionalism .
He has the ability to get the guys close together and leads by example .
He 's also a great person on and off the ice , terrific in the community and a great father .
LH - Several of the young players that have went on to have success in the NHL like Kyle Okposo and Andrew MacDonald , praised Mark for helping in their development .
How important is it to have a someone like him around ?
JC - It 's very important .
As a coach you 're trying to learn the players and Mark has that ability .
Mark 's like a father figure to these guys .
He 's been around , he 's won a championship with Hershey and he 's older than most of the other guys on the roster .
He tries to pass on that knowledge to the young guys .
He has a great heartbeat for the room .
He helps the young guys realize that there 's a life outside of hockey .
He helps the young guys realize the values of life .
LH - With several new players on board for next year including first year pros like Travis Hamonic , how important was it that the organization retained Wotton ?
JC - Well first off I do n't make personnel decisions .
Mr. Snow and Mr. Wang make those as they try to build a winning team and organization .
If there was a guy I wanted around it would be him .
I do n't think there 's a guy that has gone through Bridgeport since I 've been here that has a bad thing to say about Wots .
These young guys look up to him , he 's a great teacher and a great coach .
LH - This past season , injuries to the Islanders blueline saw several of your young players called up to the Islanders .
Most never really looked out of place in the NHL .
How are you able to prepare the players for the NHL ?
JC - Video is important , as are gaps , angles , positioning and skill work .
One of the most important thing for me is our conditioning level .
If players are well conditioned they can make the adjustment to the NHL game easier .
LH - Anything you can tell us about next season ?
Is there a game plan ?
JC - We are a young team , we 'll probably be one of the youngest teams in the league .
It will be no different then the last three years .
I want to get these guys to the Islanders as quick as I can but not rush them .
When the Islanders need someone , I have discussions with Mr. Snow about who is ready to bring up .
I want to thank Coach Capuano for taking time out of his schedule to talk with me about his captain .
As Coach Capuano noted , Bridgeport 's team next season could be very young and very talented but very green .
On the blue line , Travis Hamonic , Mark Katic , Anton Klementyev already on board , Dustin Kohn pssibly getting another year of AHL seasoning ( Depending on who Snow brings in via free agency ) and the possibility of Calvin de Haan , Blake Kessel and Aaron Ness joining the fold once the NCAA and Junior seasons end , Wotton 's leadership and knowledge will be needed there .
In the forwards , you 're probably going to have Ullstrom , Robin Figren , Justin DiBenedetto and Matt Martin .
Wotton 's leadership on and off the ice is very important in the development of these young players not only into quality NHL players but quality men .
In my personal observations of the Sound Tigers , I 've noticed a change in both MacDonald and Kohn during their AHL careers .
It was a seemingly small gesture by both Kohn and MacDonald early in this past season that made me realize both had " got it . "
It was the fourth game of the season at home versus Worcester .
Mikko Koskinen was making save after save to keep the Sound Tigers in the game .
After each goal Bridgeport scored , Kohn and MacDonald each went over to Koskinen and tapped him on the pads and gave him a few words of encouragement and thanks .
In the previous two years of watching both guys play , I can't remember ever having seen them do that ( It does n't mean that they had not ) , but it was definitely something I remember Wotton doing .
Incidentally , that was Koskinen 's second game after which he required hip surgery that kept him out the majority of the season .
When Mark Wotton finally decided it 's time to hang up the skates I hope that the Islanders find a place for him in the organization .
He has shown his worth and has the makings of a terrific coach .
He commands the respect of his fellow players and is an excellent teacher .
That 's why Mark Wotton is important .
Jackie almost broke my dick in a very real and literal sense , is what I ’m getting at .
Let ’s gloss over some of the contextual details for this story , shall we ?
I mean , I could really get into it and bloat and recursively / discursively follow my head up my own ass with this story , which is , really , usually what I do , which . . . okay , fine .
Let ’s abbreviate .
Jackie liked to drink , and to fuck , and to listen to The Tragically Hip ( a Canadian alt - rock outfit referred to consistently and gratingly as “ The Hip , ” a fans - only shibboleth used to identify persons as insufficiently tragically whatever and therefore suitable for shunning ) , and to date old .
In that order , as far as I could tell .
I ascribe no particular value to any of these traits and present this data to you with anthropological detachment .
Trust me .
For example , I do n’t think we ever met in the absence of at least a mild buzz on someone ’s part .
I also do n’t think we met past our first date without sleeping together .
As I recall , her preferred positions were cowgirl , which I tend to enjoy for voyeuristic reasons , and what is commonly termed “ doggy style , ” which arrangement I enjoy but which also can have unforeseen complications .
I mean that I could n’t not see , and therefore not read , the text of her back tattoo , a Hip lyric highlighted with graphics in primary colors .
She ’d located it maybe six inches north of the traditional location for tramp stamping and therefore centered in my usual visual field .
It distracted me profoundly .
As an analogy , imagine trying to masturbate with the same song stuck in your head , stuck on the same line , every time , without variation , forever .
My logistical difficulties did n’t seem to practically matter .
Jackie came at the slightest touch , often hitting her first climax in very few seconds and regularly reaching numbers in the double digits .
By the way , I should mention that this part of the story meets with extreme skepticism .
People ( lady people , often ) insist , when I speak these events aloud to them , that if it is n’t me who is making shit up , then it has to be her .
Jackie .
I mean , maybe .
It ’s possible , but I kind of believed it .
Jackie had a larger than average clitoris , and it was sensitive to the point that even the laziest cunnilingus sent her in to paroxysms and vibrators caused her genuine pain .
What I ’m saying is that , if my reporting these events is boasting , it ’s only boasting insofar as someone who witnesses a spectacular , high - speed , multi-car accident boasts .
Sure , I was there , and I witnessed it , and it was amazing , but it probably did n’t have all that much to do with me .
For further example ( relating back to my earlier list of things Jackie likes )
Simon , her recent ex and reason for her being both on OkCupid and in Cincinnati at all , had been old in a relative sense . . . we ’ll say mid-forties .
I ’m not that old ( revising , as aging people do , my subjective marker for the beginning of old to some deliberately hazy point in the next decade ) .
Her father figure ( stepdad , I think ) had apparently congratulated her on becoming involved with someone roughly her own age after she and I had been seeing each other for a week or two .
She and Simon first met and impressed each other in The Tragically Hip forums ( I submit that any internet forum can be hip only to a very discrete , finite maximum ) , and fandom constituted most of their points of commonality ( my possibly flawed inference drawn from admittedly limited and secondhand accounts of their relationship ) .
She moved to Cincinnati to be with him .
As the younger , hotter , and more objectively desirable ( that is , more obviously conforming to norms fetishizing femininity , youth , beauty , and sexuality ) half of the partnership , she could , for a while anyway , indulge herself however she liked .
One of the things she liked to do , and one reason why we were less sexually compatible than we might have seemed at first , is to dress in pornstarishly seductive costumes bought expressly for the purpose and then tease , sometimes for hours .
I can cope with teasing for a hard limit of seven minutes , eighteen seconds after which time , if no resolution ( coitus , escape , or whatever ) is forthcoming , every blood vessel in my head will rupture . .
Simon could neither commit nor , ultimately , put out , and after a consecutive series of relatively sexless months , Jackie jettisoned him into the cold void of middle - aged singledom .
Who would n’t .
We came home drunk one night , I slightly and she very .
I ’d taken her to a now - closed bar called Grammer ’s in Over the Rhine , a venue distinguished by having the occasional copyright - infringing public movie night and by having a second - floor dance area that , when in use , caused the ceiling over the bar to terrifyingly buckle .
We watched a film and talked to some people I knew .
She spent the ride home slumped on her back in the passenger seat with her heeled boots up on the dash , kicking and convulsing with laughter , having loud , lascivious , Philadelphian conversation on her cell phone .
I rolled down the window .
The wind through it became loud .
She was one of those persons through whom all information flows unobstructed ( if not unaltered ) .
While I was not necessarily shocked to know that my penis and the relative merits thereof were a topic of conversation , actually being party to the exchange as a passive , third - person participant felt new and strange to me .
My mind separated itself from the immediate scenario .
I thought about the relative wisdom of having introduced her to friends , for one of whom I harbored , then and now , a mild but enduring crush .
At her apartment and in her bed , I tried to sleep .
Or rather , I closed my eyes and waited for nothing to start happening , having undressed and laid my head on the pillow with the introspective melancholy that , for me , is a decay product of lessening drunkenness .
Jackie tugged my boxers down to my knees .
I opened my eyes to see her begin to straddle me , supporting herself with one hand on my chest and reaching with her other to guide my autonomically generated erection inside her .
I did n’t much feel like having sex and mumbled something to the effect of maybe the morning might be better , I ’d sincerely participate in the morning , and maybe we could both go the fuck to sleep right now .
She began to rock her hips against me in ascending rhythm , and I thought , well , there are worse things than being in bed with an attractive woman who literally can’t wait to have sex with me .
I decided to enjoy myself , making the appropriate gestures and noises and waiting for her to wear herself out .
In her bucking enthusiasm sometime after her fifth or sixth apparent orgasm , she pulled entirely free of me .
Before physics or biology could return my erection to a position of safe repose against my lower abdomen , she brought her hips crashing down against my glans with the force of a truly resentful carpenter driving a nail .
A man tried to drive to his death from the heights of a parking garage downtown this morning , police said .
When steel wires kept his car from going over the ledge , he opened the door and jumped .
The area around the garage , at Milam and Polk near Houston Police headquarters , was sealed off and 15 cop cars and two HFD units responded .
No one else was injured in the incident , and police say they are still investigating .
Sign in or become an insider to access this story
There seems to be some confusion about sewing an inside seam to an outside seam , without puckering one side or the other .
I ’m posting this , to help all of those people I ’ve talked to , who have this question .
I ’m sure this subject matter has been treated elsewhere , but my students say they have never seen it .
So they all suggested I post it as a blog .
I ’m using the front section of a bustier as my example here , because this was the class where the question of sewing princess seams came up .
First , some explanation about the phrases “ inside curve ” and “ outside curve ” :
In the photo shown , there is the center panel of the princess bodice , and the two side panels .
Look at the bust area of the side panels , and compare them to the bust area of the center panel .
In this case , the curve …
Start your 14 - day FREE trial to access this story .
Start your FREE trial today and get instant access to this article plus access to all Threads Insider content .
Start Your Free Trial Already an Insider ?
Log in
Sign up for the Threads eletter
Get the latest including tips , techniques and special offers straight to your inbox .
Sign Up ×
Jan. 31 , 2011 --
For the first time , new U.S. dietary guidelines do more than tell us what 's good for us :
They spell out how to avoid specific foods and lifestyle choices that make us fat and sick .
As a case in point , here 's a phrase you 'll be hearing a lot :
Get off your SoFAS .
In addition to getting more exercise , that means to avoid extra calories from Solid Fats and Added Sugars .
A third category of foods to avoid are refined grains .
People who eat a lot of SoFAS also tend to eat a lot of these foods .
" We want to moveaway from our overreliance in the past on sugar and sodium and saturated fat , " USDA Secretary Tom Vilsack said at a joint USDA / HHS news conference held to announce the new dietary guidelines .
But that 's not all .
The new guidelines come with an eye - popping pie chart of the American diet -- pointing out the foods from which Americans are getting most of their solid fats , added sugars , and refined grains .
A quick look at the pie charts suggest that one particular kind of pie -- pizza -- is a major source of the food types Americans are advised to avoid .
It 's clear that Americans get too much sodium , and the new guidelines endorse cutting back to 1,500 mg per day for people over age 51 , African - Americans , and people with high blood pressure .
That 's more than half of all Americans .
The rest of us are advised to cut back to less than 2,300 mg of sodium per day .
Most of this sodium comes from processed foods and not from our salt shakers .
Vilsack said the USDA will pressure food companies to help us meet the new guidelines .
" This is obviously a significant reduction that ��s being proposed and one that we hope that food processors will take into account , " Vilsack said .
For the first time , the new dietary guidelines address the environmental factors -- such as neighborhoods crammed with fast food restaurants -- that are a major part of the obesity epidemic .
Gonzalo Azpiri of Hookup Animation explains how he used the new release of Toon Boom Harmony 20 to create a mixed - media animation sequence .
Sleep Study Suggests Later School Starting Times Could Improve High Schoolers ' Performance " World News " wants to know what you think -- share your comments below .
July 6 , 2010  --
Once the carefree days of summer are over , teenagers across the country face the brutal reality of waking up for school .
Many high schools open their doors early in the morning , with classes starting at 7:30 a.m. , and sometimes earlier .
It 's tough for teens to wake up for those early morning classes , and new research suggests that an early school bell may be fighting a losing battle against Mother Nature .
A study of teens at a Rhode Island boarding school found that pushing back the school day by 30 minutes improved concentration , mood and even encouraged students to consume healthier breakfasts .
It also reduced tardiness .
The results of the study appear in the July edition of Archives of Pediatrics and Adolescent Medicine , which also ran an editorial that said a " growing body of evidence that changing the start time for high schools is good for adolescents . "
Researchers believe that teens have trouble falling asleep before 11 p.m. , and they are often in their deepest sleep at dawn , when they need to rouse for morning classes .
So , our question to you today : Should high schools start later ?
The Associated Press contributed to this report .
Click here to return to the ' World News ' page .
In the next four months more than 500,000 job losses are baked in the cake .
The reason ?
The temporary Census workers hired so far this year will be largely ending their assignments during the third quarter and will be looking for employment elsewhere .
This may be increased to an even larger number because a few more Census workers could be added in June .
In addition , state and local governments are still trying to react to decreased tax revenues and more layoffs are likely there .
The addition of Census workers in June is not a sure thing .
Calculated Risk has estimated that the Census Bureau will actually start laying workers off in June :
For large image , click here .
My article Friday at TheStreet.com has an analysis which raises the question of whether the improving employment situation of the past several months may be stalling .
It is too early to determine if a trend change is occurring , but , if it is , it will be confirmed in the next couple of months .
The outlook for continued recovery may suffer if there is a collapse in its weakest leg , employment .
Elliott Morss has an interesting analysis which concludes that the improving job numbers in 2010 have been entirely from government programs and that private sector jobs are largely stimulus related .
Elliott concludes that the private sector on its own ( not “ stimulated ” by the government ) is shedding more than 300,000 jobs a month in the first half of 2010 .
This is not a backdrop that will readily absorb an additional job loss burden of more than half a million from government sources .
Elliott estimates that the stimulus will create an additional million or more jobs in the second half 2010 .
If the private sector job loss calculated for the first half continues in the second half of 2010 , another 1.8 million or more private sector jobs will be lost , plus more than half a million temporary Census jobs and additional losses for state and local governments .
If the economy does not continue to improve so that more private sector jobs are created , the title of this article could be a gross understatement .
The number of employed could easily decline by more than a million , putting us right back at the levels seen in the second half of 2009 .
See the following graph of total employment from the St. Louis Fed :
The next 3 - 4 months are crunch time for employment .
If the recovery is going to run out of steam , it is likely to show up by the end of the third quarter .
Saturday , there was an exceptionally good article on Seeking Alpha by Dirk van Dijk discussing the very difficult factors involved with employment in this recession .
I recommend it especially because it is written by one who has been more constructive on many aspects of this recovery than I have been .
I believe it both adds good analysis and perspective to the discussion as well as coming to rather similar conclusions .
It appears that the summer of 2010 will a critical time for the recovery .
The stock market has been pricing in a moderate recovery , at the minimum .
If the employment numbers start indicating a recovery is not assured , this summer could be grim for stocks .
Opinion British and international boffins , having probed an Antarctic glacier which is thought to be a major cause of rising sea levels worldwide , report that increased polar ice melting may not be driven by climate change .
The latest in scientific bottom - probing battery powered devices .
The massive ice river in question is the Pine Island Glacier , aka PIG to those in the field .
“ Estimates of Antarctica ’s recent contributions to sea level rise have changed from near - zero to significant and increasing , " says Stan Jacobs of Columbia uni in the States .
" Increased melting of continental ice also appears to be the primary cause of persistent ocean freshening and other impacts . "
The PIG has flowed more and more rapidly into the Amundsen Sea since scientists have begun monitoring it , adding fresh water to the world 's oceans .
Like certain other regions the glacier is bucking the overall south - polar trend which has actually seen hundreds of thousands of square kilometres of new sea ice accumulate around Antarctica in recent decades .
Many scientists have theorised that the PIG 's accelerating flow is due to global warming .
However , recent research - including surveys beneath the bottom of the floating , projecting ice sheet by Blighty 's Autosub robot probe - indicate that this may not be the case .
( The Autosub , famously , was powered by some 5,000 ordinary alkaline D - cell batteries on each trip beneath the ice , getting through some four tonnes of them during the research . )
It appears from the Autosub 's under-ice surveys that the PIG 's ice flow formerly ground its way out to sea across the top of a previously unknown rocky underwater ridge , which tended to hold it back .
Many years ago , however , before the area was surveyed in much detail , the glacier 's floating outflow sheet separated from the ridge top which it had been grinding away at for millennia and so picked up speed .
This also allowed relatively warm sea water to get up under the sheet and so increase melting and ease of movement .
“ The discovery of the ridge has raised new questions about whether the current loss of ice from Pine Island Glacier is caused by recent climate change or is a continuation of a longer - term process that began when the glacier disconnected from the ridge , " says Dr Adrian Jenkins of the British Antarctic Survey .
Jenkins , Jacobs and their colleagues write :
Once the grounding line began its downslope migration from the ridge crest prior to the 1970 ’s , a period of rapid change was inevitable , and since that time oceanic variability may have had relatively little influence on the rate of retreat .
Or in other words the glacier would have shown the same acceleration and thinning it has shown since the 1990s with or without climate change , perhaps accounting for its very rapid melting and the local contrast with the general picture of increased Antarctic sea ice .
The scientists ' research is published by Nature Geoscience , here ( subscription link ) . ®
UPDATED WRITE -THRU – EXCLUSIVE :
In what amounts to a dream come true for fans of Middle Earth , Peter Jackson has decided to direct two installments of The Hobbit , trusted sources are telling me .
His deal is being negotiated right now with Warner Bros , New Line , and MGM .
He will shortly take the reins over from Guillermo del Toro , after Jackson extricates himself from other project obligations that caused Jackson and manager Ken Kamins to initially deny he would direct .
While Jackson ’s camp has been tight - lipped , I ’m told that the case is being made to MGM ’s owners to loosen the purse strings and make the movies happen .
The impetus for these talks is that Jackson will be the director of both of The Hobbit films , which will be shot back - to - back in his New Zealand backyard .
The secret ’s out .
Despite Jackson camp denials that directing was a consideration , there were signs for cautious optimism from the moment del Toro bowed out .
More recently , there have been major clues .
While several directors have angled for the job — the most recent rumors focused on David Yates and Jackson ’s District 9 protege Neill Blomkamp — no offer was ever made .
I think that ’s because Jackson was figuring out if he wanted to direct two more films , and finish the saga he started with The Lord of the Rings .
And then once he decided , Kamins had to make it possible .
It became more evident this week : he , Fran Walsh and Philippa Boyens scheduled a trip to London the week of July 4 , followed by a trip to Los Angeles the following week .
They will meet the most impressive actors who ’ve been put on tape by casting directors .
Jackson , Walsh and Boyens wrote the scripts with del Toro , and they did the original trilogy together .
But if they intended for someone else to direct , they would have made sure the filmmaker was part of the casting process .
This is quite a turn of events since del Toro surprised the industry by announcing on the Hobbit sounding board TheOneRing .
net on Sunday , May 30 that he would not be directing .
It was shocking , because del Toro interrupted his new deal to become a cornerstone director at Universal so that he could spend five years taking on The Hobbit , after being chosen over Sam Raimi by Jackson , MGM and New Line .
After completing the writing of two scripts , del Toro sounded reticent days before , expressing concern about MGM ’s financial situation .
He left days later .
Since the expectation is that somehow the film would get financed despite MGM ’s woes , speculation was that perhaps del Toro did n’t see himself and his family living in New Zealand for the next several years required to make the films .
This seemed more plausible , since Jackson said he expected to get the films into theaters for December 2012 and December , 2013 .
Jackson seemed the obvious person to take his place as the director of the JRR Tolkien novel , particularly to keep those release dates on track .
While he has been engaged with Steven Spielberg on the Tin Tin films , Jackson has been a creative partner with del Toro from the beginning .
He certainly knows the terrain better than anyone alive , having shot three installments of The Lord of the Rings during a single production stint .
Those three films grossed $ 2.9 billion worldwide and won a slew of Oscars .
Though Kamins initially dismissed the possibility , Jackson opened the door a crack when he told a New Zealand daily he would consider it : “ If that ’s what I have to do to protect Warner Brothers ’ investment , then obviously that ’s one angle which I ’ll explore , ” Jackson said .
Numerous directors wanted the job , but hiring a star on Jackson ’s level would have been difficult .
Raimi , who is working on the Warner Bros / Legendary vidgame adaptation Warcraft and the Disney film The Great and Powerful Oz , was busy and would likely not return to a project for which he ’d gotten passed over .
Most of the other star directors like Alfonso Cuaron , Chris Nolan , Spielberg or Bryan Singer are busy on their own projects .
In addition , it would be difficult to pay them properly , because of the amount of first dollar gross already committed to Jackson , the Tolkien estate , rights holder Saul Zaentz and Harvey Weinstein , who held the 5 % gross stake he had in the original trilogy .
That ’s when Michael Eisner refused his request for Miramax to make the films with Jackson , and Weinstein gave the filmmaker a short window to find another home for the project .
That window was almost closed when New Line founder Bob Shaye said yes to three films .
Jackson will have his deal sweetened , but he ’s already completely invested in the process and there are built - in efficiencies .
The films will use the soundstages and visual effects facilities that Jackson built with proceeds from the LOTR proceeds .
Pending a deal , the next step will be to discuss whether or not to shoot the films in 3D .
That would beg a second discussion about transferring LOTR into 3D as well , a move that would give the trilogy a shot at another revenue cycle .
These are all weighty discussions , but at least there are signs of forward motion , something that cannot be said for the other pictures that the debt - choked MGM has frozen while it figures out its future .
As solicitor general of the United States , Elena Kagan argued in front of the Supreme Court that the federal government had the constitutional authority to ban certain political pamphlets .
She also strongly implied that some political books , if they were partisan enough , could also be censored .
Kagan 's extraordinary claims emerged during the second oral argument of Citizens United v. Federal Election Commission , the campaign finance case made famous by President Barack Obama when he publicly excoriated the justices for their ruling during his State of the Union address .
The president alleged that Citizens United would allow corporations to subvert the political process with their economic power .
In fact , the case concerns the fundamental political liberties of all citizens .
The true stakes were dramatically revealed in the two rounds of oral argument heard by the Court .
In the first argument before the Court , on March 24 , 2009 , Kagan 's deputy , Malcolm L. Stewart , represented the government by arguing for the constitutionality of a statute prohibiting corporations and unions from spending funds from their general treasuries to advocate the election or defeat of political candidates .
The justices subjected Stewart to a series of stark hypothetical situations testing the extent of the censorship power that the Obama Administration viewed as constitutionally permissible .
For example , Stewart was asked by Chief Justice John Roberts what would happen if a corporation were to publish a 500 - page book discussing the American political system which concluded with a single sentence endorsing a particular candidate .
Kagan 's deputy answered that such an endorsement would constitute " express advocacy " and therefore the corporation could only fund the publication of the book through a political action committee .
" And if they did n't , you could ban it ? " asked the chief justice .
" If they did n't , we could prohibit publication of the book , " Stewart replied .
Even the most liberal justices , usually the most willing to curtail political free speech , seemed a little troubled .
Justice David Souter asked what would happen if a labor union paid an author to write a book advocating the election of a particular candidate and then submitted the manuscript to Random House , which then agreed to publish it .
The deputy solicitor general replied that he was unsure whether there would be a basis for suppressing such a book , but clearly stated that " the labor union 's conduct would be prohibited . "
Later , the argument turned to other forms of media that the government would have the right to censor .
The implications of the administration 's position were so enormous that Justice Antonin Scalia seemed almost incredulous .
He sarcastically interrupted to say " I 'm a little disoriented here , Mr. Stewart .
We are dealing with a constitutional provision , are we not ; the one that I remember which says Congress shall make no law abridging the freedom of the press ?
That 's what we 're interpreting here ? "
With no apparent irony , Stewart replied , " That 's correct . "
The justices were apparently concerned by what they heard , requesting an unusual second oral argument in the case , on September 9 , 2009 .
This time , Kagan went to the Supreme Court herself .
Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg got right to the point by asking Kagan whether it was still the government 's position that Congress could ban TV , radio , and newspaper ads , and even campaign biographies under the rubric of campaign finance reform .
" The government 's answer has changed , " Kagan replied , which sparked laughter in the courtroom .
Given the skeptical questioning at the prior hearing , Kagan seems to have made the tactical decision to back off from her office 's initial claims and opted to craft a less controversial way of getting the justices to accept significant restrictions on free speech .
She assured the Court that she took their prior reactions and hypotheticals " very seriously " and that the Obama Administration reconsidered its position .
Perhaps this is an example of her reputed pragmatism and interest in building coalitions .
In any event , her attempted finesse did not stand up so well under cross-examination .
Kagan conceded that although the statute in question did cover " full length books " it would be subject to " quite good " challenges if it was ever so applied in practice .
Moreover , she pointed out that the Federal Election Commission never enforced the law with respect to books , implying that citizens should not worry about being prosecuted .
Chief Justice Roberts immediately seized on this , saying " We do n't put our First Amendment rights in the hands of FEC bureaucrats . "
He then asked whether the statute could be used to ban a pamphlet .
Such a publication , Kagan admitted , would be different ; " a pamphlet is pretty classic electioneering " and could be constitutionally prohibited .
She tried to reassure the justices that a book containing hundreds of pages could not be banned just because the last sentence endorsed a candidate , as her deputy had claimed a few months earlier .
However , she strongly implied that if the book engaged in " express advocacy " as a whole , it could be banned .
Her position would seem to require the FEC to define the differences between books and pamphlets and decide how many sentences in a book are necessary to qualify as " express advocacy . "
Kagan never addressed whether it was desirable for FEC staffers to become either book reviewers or a de facto national censorship committee .
Ultimately , the Court ruled against Kagan by a 5 - 4 margin .
Many questions remain unanswered about Kagan 's comfort with banning political publications and limiting free expression in other media .
She might say that her own views on these issues are private and that she was merely advocating for her client in this case .
However , it is interesting to note that in nominating Kagan , President Obama went out of his way to praise her defence of ordinary citizens against " unscrupulous corporations , " citing her work on Citizens United in particular .
" Despite long odds of success , with most legal analysts believing the government was unlikely to prevail in this case , Elena still chose it as her very first case to argue before the Court , " Obama declared .
Yet Obama and Kagan both ignored the fact that not all corporations that advocate for candidates are big and " unscrupulous . "
Most are sole proprietorships of small businesses , and many are non-profits , as was the plaintiff in Citizens United .
As the Senate considers her nomination this week , they ought to ask her the following :
• If a citizen who is the sole owner of a corporation that operates a bakery wants to use his business funds to put a candidate 's poster in his storefront window , can that be banned under the Constitution ?
• If a group of like - minded citizens form a corporation for the purpose of advocating for candidates in whom they believe , can that corporation constitutionally be prevented from spending money ?
• Is it constitutional for the FEC to review political books for content and ban them if they run afoul of a campaign finance law ?
• Is it constitutional for media companies to publish content advocating for political candidates ?
If so , why should they be different from other companies under the Constitution ?
• If a corporation or labor union produces a pamphlet with its own funds advocating the election of a candidate , can that document be banned under the Constitution ?
The answers would reveal a lot about what kind of justice Kagan might be and how she reconciles her views with the First Amendment .
Perhaps more importantly , it would be an opportunity for the public to see what is truly at stake when the government wants to restrict an individual or corporation 's ability to support the candidates of its choice .
Daniel Shuchman is a New York money manager and a member of the Board of Directors of the Foundation for Individual Rights in Education .
He has written for The Wall Street Journal and The Harvard Journal of Law and Public Policy .
Like many folks these days , I ’ve become dependent on modern gadgetry to get through the day .
I do n’t leave the house without my smartphone .
I do n’t have much use for stamps anymore ; most of my correspondence and bill - paying occurs online .
I have n’t owned a camera that requires film in almost a decade .
It seems that almost every aspect of my life has been replaced by a digital version , and leading this high - tech revolution is a thing called Facebook , a website I spend entirely too much time on .
Facebook has really changed the way people do things .
When we throw a party , we do n’t send each other invitations in the mail ; we create an event on the web and invite everyone on our friends list .
In fact , I ’m constantly bombarded by events , including ones that are thousands of miles away , which I have no hope of ever attending even if I wanted to .
But just when I thought I ’d seen it all , I got one last week that was good for a chuckle .
I ’d been invited to Karl Marx ’s birthday party !
May 5 marked the 192nd birthday of the esteemed Karl Marx , and some creative soul took the time to create a Facebook event to commemorate the occasion .
I ’m sure that good old Karl never imagined that people sitting in front of computer screens would be sending out invitations to his birthday celebration , the message crisscrossing the globe to friends near and far at the speed of light .
Of course , Marx was no stranger to the role of technology in society .
It was he who realized that it was technology that separated humanity from the other species of our planet .
Technology allowed us to rise above subsistence living , create a surplus value and a division of labor , and do more interesting things with our lives than forage for the bare necessities .
He also realized that as technology became more sophisticated and the group of people who could get their hands on the latest productive property became fewer and fewer , it would push ever more people into the proletariat , the class of workers who had nothing to bring to the marketplace except labor which could easily be extorted from them .
Marx saw that it was technology that carried humanity from one epoch to the next .
When you really think about it , perhaps a high - tech invitation to Marx ’s birthday party is n’t so bizarre after all .
But the question at the heart of the issue is whether a man born almost 200 years ago has a role to play in the era of Facebook .
Have his ideas gone the way of the rotary phone ?
There have been plenty of folks who have argued that the works of Marx are flawed .
They say that his analyses were detached from the reality of his day and that most of his predictions did n’t come true within his lifetime .
Many have pointed to the fall of Soviet socialism as an example of what they perceive as Marx ’s folly .
It would seem to them that there ’s no room for Karl Marx in the 21st century .
I have a different opinion , however .
To me , the ideas of Marxism are like a vintage wine .
In many ways they ’re just now coming into full bloom .
If there is any kernel of truth to the claims of the naysayers , it ’s because Marx , and many of those who were inspired by him during the 20th century , were ahead of their time .
When we look at the defining economic phenomena of the past 40 years – globalization , corporate mega- mergers , the boom and bust economy , the decline of post - industrial America , the “ proletarianizing ” of the middle class in nearly every industry – we can finally see the wisdom of Marx confirmed in material reality over a century later .
Are the ideas of a 19th - century bearded guy relevant in the age of Facebook ?
I have no doubt in my mind that his works are more important now than ever .
I just wonder what kind of embarrassing photos he would be tagged in if he had been alive to attend the party .
Jesse Jack is a former laborer and grocery worker who is currently studying engineering in Butte , Mont .
Photo : http://www.flickr.com/photos/jenniferboyer/
/ CC BY 2.0
Hei , denne artikkelen er over ett år gammel og kan inneholde utdatert informasjon
| || ( Dagbladet ) : En rapport Dagbladet har fått tilgang til fra 30 .
oktober 2009 , viser at mange personer oppført i medlemsregisteret i SOS Rasisme ikke er klar over det selv .
I tillegg fant revisjonsselskapet KPMG spedbarnsmedlemmer og dobbeltoppføringer .
I et brev til Fordelingsutvalget , som gir offentlig støtte fra Barne - og likestillings - departementet , skriver KPMG at 27 av totalt 56 medlemmer de tok kontakt med i Molde , Haugesund og Trondheim ikke bekreftet sitt medlemskap for 2008 .
Lista KPMG brukte for å sjekke om enkeltpersoner kjente til at de var medlemmer , var den samme SOS Rasisme brukte for å søke om statsstøtte i fjor .
Leder Trond Thorbjørnsen vil ikke kommentere saken overfor Dagbladet .
SpedbarnIfølge rapporten , skrevet at SOS Rasisme sin faste revisor Sigurd Østensen , avviste hele seks av ti i Trondheim at de var medlemmer .
Faksimile : KPMG - rapport Vis mer
KPMG fant også spedbarn som ennå ikke hadde feiret sin første fødselsdag , men er innmeldt i SOS Rasisme av eldre søsken .
- Spedbarn utløser like mye støtte som andre medlemmer under 26 , sier leder av Fordelingsutvalget , Ingrid Bergum .
Utvalget har ikke sans for praksisen med familiemedlemskap , der umyndige melder hverandre inn eller meldes inn av personer som ikke er verge eller foreldre .
Tips oss !
Har du informasjon du vil dele med oss ?
Kontakt journalist Eiliv Frich Flydal på 45291836 eller eiliv@db.no .
Rekord - støtteFordelingsutvalget skriver følgende i et møtereferat fra februar :
«(...) personer fra og med fylte 15 år ( skal ) selv og frivillig melde seg inn i organisasjonen (... ) ikke meldes inn av andre personer enn verge . »
De krever at ungdomsorganisasjonen går gjennom medlemslistene for hele 2007 og 2008 på nytt .
AVVISER KRITIKK : Hovedkasserer Kjell Gunnar Larsen .
Foto : SOS Rasisme Vis mer
SOS rasisme har fått rekord - støtte fra staten de siste årene , på grunn av stor økning i innrapportere medlemmer og lokallag .
Organisasjonen opplyser at de har over 40 000 medlemmer og 270 lokallag i Norge .
AvviserI går meldte Dagbladet at Landsrådet for Norges barne- og ungdomsorganisasjoner ( LNU ) både holder tilbake 4,5 millioner og krever 9,7 millioner tilbakebetalt fra SOS Rasisme , på grunn av mistanke om medlemsjuks og feil bruk av støtte .
Larsen varsler rettssak om saken .
Hovedkassereren i SOS rasisme mener resultatet i KPMGs rapport ikke avspeiler virkeligheten .
GRANSKES : SOS rasisme granskes og støtte holdes tilbake fra flere hold .
Foto : Scanpix Vis mer
- Vi mener at de som er blitt kontakta på telefon har sagt nei på feil grunnlag , skriver Larsen i en epost til Dagbladet .
Slettet halvpartenHøsten 2009 sendte SOS Rasisme ut brev til 15 000 medlemmer , med spørsmål om de kunne bekrefte at de var medlemmer .
- Flere hundre svarte at de ikke var medlemmer , men vi kan bevise gjennom verveskjema og innbetalinger at de er det , sier Larsen .
INGEN KOMMENTAR : Leder i SOS Rasisme , Trond Torbjørnsen .
Foto : Håkon Eikesdal / Dagbladet Vis mer
Blant de 1033 som svarte på brevet , bekreftet 126 at de var medlem .
Det utgjør 12 prosent .
Hele 316 personer mente de ikke var medlemmer , men Larsen mener underskriftene på svarbrevet og verveblanketten stemmer overens .
Totalt endte SOS Rasisme med å stryke 480 medlemmer etter sjekken , hele 46 prosent av dem som svarte på brevet .
Ingen kommentarNåværende leder i SOS Rasisme Trond Torbjørnsen tar gjenvalg til høsten .
Han er innstilt som leder av valgkomiteen , som ledes av Kjell Gunnar Larsen .
Han har tidligere avvist å la seg intervjue om saken .
KREVER 9,7 MILLIONER : Leder i LNU , Tale Hungnes .
Foto ARVID BRYNE / Dagbladet Vis mer
- Hvordan opplever du , som er valgt leder av SOS rasisme , situasjonen ?
- Alle spørsmål om dette må du stille til Kjell Gunnar Larsen , sa Torbjørnsen i går .
I rapporten tar KPMG forbehold om at undersøkelsen ikke er utført etter revisjonsstandardene .
« Familie - medlemmer » Barne - og likestillingsdepartementet mistenker at mange « familiemedlemmer » ikke er i slekt eller ikke ønsker medlemskap og at organisasjonen har fått utbetalt støtte på falsk grunnlag .
de har åpnet kontrollsak mot SOS Rasisme .
KPMG - rapporten om SOS rasisme : Molde : Av 25 registrerte medlemmer avviste 8 personer at de var medlemmer .
Haugesund : Av 39 registrere medlemmer avviste 10 at de var medlemmer .
Trondheim : Av 31 registrere medlemmer avviste 19 at de var medlemmer .
Fordelingsutvalget ønsker svar på en rekke spørsmål og ga SOS Rasisme frist til 15 .
april med å redegjøre og legge fram dokumentasjon .
Flere dokumenter som ble etterspurt er ikke sendt inn fra SOS Rasisme , som har fått utvidet fristen .
- Vi har en uenighet med Fordelingsutvalget rundt familiemedlemskap .
De har , etter vår vurdering laga en ny definisjon av hva et familiemedlemskap er .
Vi har anka saken inn til departementet og vil gå videre til Sivilombudsmannen hvis departementet ikke gir oss medhold , sier Larsen til Dagbladet .
Krever penger tilbake
Mistankene om medlemsjuks og støttepenger på avveie hos ungdomsorganisasjonen SOS Rasisme gjør at Landsrådet for Norges barne - og ungdomsorganisasjoner ( LNU ) , som fordeler offentlig penger til barn og unge , krever tilbake nesten 10 millioner kroner .
- Vi har bedt om tilbakebetaling av utbetalt støtte for 2007 og 2008 på til sammen 9,7 millioner kroner .
Vi ikke har godkjent forvaltningen av 2008 - midlene , sier generalsekretær Tale Hungnes til Dagbladet .
Store verdier i eiendom : Gjennom Aktivisteiendom AS eier SOS Rasisme lokaler til en verdi av minst 11,3 millioner kroner .
Eiendommene er ifølge SOS Rasisme belånt med 7,5 millioner kroner .
I tillegg eier organisasjonen et hus i Haugesund .
LNU mener SOS Rasisme i flere år har jobbet i strid med reglene for støtte og sa nei til en søknad om 4,5 millioner kroner for 2009 .
SOS Rasisme varsler rettssak og krav om totalt 14,2 millioner .
- Dette er et krav på helt usaklig grunnlag og vi kommer til å gå til rettssak , sier hovedkasserer Kjell Gunnar Larsen til Dagbladet .
Revisor Sigurd Østensen ønsker ikke å kommentere saken overfor Dagbladet .
Hovedkasserer Larsen ønsket mandag kveld ikke å kommentere rapporten eller funn av spedbarn som medlemmer i SOS Rasisme .
Please , if anyone gets it on their EPE54B build , do not update until you get the url from the logcat for the people on AT&T models .
In an interview with Fox News , Arizona Governor Jan Brewer said , “ We cannot afford all this illegal immigration and everything that comes with it , everything from the crime and to the drugs and the kidnappings and the extortion and the beheadings . ”
“ Our law enforcement agencies have found bodies in the desert , either buried or just lying out there , that have been beheaded , ” she added .
The Arizona Guardian followed up on Brewer ’s remarks , finding them completely false .
A spokesman for Gov. Brewer told the paper in response , “ I ’m not aware of any statements where the governor specifies where any crimes were committed , ” saying he thinks that Brewer was speaking about beheadings that have occurred in Mexico which could spread to Arizona .
( Source : RawStory.com )
An alleged plot by a Mexican drug cartel to blow up a dam along the Texas border — and unleash billions of gallons of water into a region with millions of residents — sent American police , federal agents and local disaster officials scrambling last month to thwart such an attack , authorities confirmed Wednesday .
Whether the cartel , which is known to have stolen bulk quantities of gunpowder and dynamite , could have taken down the five - mile - long Falcon Dam may never be known .
But it may have been derailed by a stepped - up presence by the Mexican military , acting in part on intelligence from the U.S. government , sources said .
The warning was based on what the federal government contends were “ serious and reliable sources ” and prompted the Homeland Security Department to sound the alarm to first responders all along the South Texas - Mexico border .
Mexico's Zeta cartel was planning to destroy the dam not to terrorize civilians , but to get back at its rival and former ally , the Gulf cartel , which controls smuggling routes from the reservoir to the Gulf of Mexico , Zapata County Sheriff Sigifredo Gonzalez and others familiar with the alleged plot said .
Destroying the dam , however , also would have flooded large areas of agricultural land , as well as significant parts of a region with about 4 million border residents in Texas and Mexico .
The dam along the Rio Grande was finished in 1954 as part of a joint U.S. - Mexico project to collect water for flood control , hydroelectric power and water for drinking and agriculture .
Gonzalez 's agency was among many that responded , as did the U.S. Border Patrol , the Texas Department of Public Safety and even game wardens , who put more boats on the water .
Citing security concerns , neither Homeland Security nor DPS commented .
“ We trust that DPS and their federal and local law enforcement partners are constantly collecting intelligence and monitoring all threats to Texas and taking the appropriate action to protect our citizens from those who would do us harm , ” said Gov. Rick Perry 's deputy press secretary Katherine Cesinger .
Law enforcement officials huddled at the dam , located near Rio Grande City , to discuss the threat as well as how to thwart it , said an officer who attended the meeting .
Officers interviewed by the Houston Chronicle gave the warning varying degrees of credibility .
They noted that among the Zetas ' ranks are Mexican military defectors who were trained in special forces tactics , including demolition .
In response to the threat , cameras were set up along the dam , which has six 50 - foot - tall steel gates , and authorities hid in brush .
A Mexican military spokesman , who spoke on condition of anonymity , said he had n't heard of any threat to the Falcon Dam and expressed doubt the Zetas would try such an attack .
“ This is n't the way these groups operate .
They have never attacked installations like that , ” he said .
“ There are no precedents of this kind of action . ”
Rick Pauza , a spokesman for Customs and Border Protection , in Laredo , said the port of entry at the dam had been at a heightened state of alert because of ongoing violence in Mexico .
With handbills and bullhorns , members of the Zeta cartel are said to have warned the civilian population on the Mexican side of the river in the vicinity of the dam to get out of the area , according residents and intelligence information from law enforcement officials .
A longtime border law enforcement official said the concerns were based in part on the seizure of small quantities of dynamite near the dam , and the subsequent discovery of a copy of the alert on the Mexican side of the border .
Capt .
Francisco Garcia of the Roma Police Department said there was no way to know what the drug traffickers were capable of doing , but bringing down the dam would be tough and require nearly a tractor - trailer full of dynamite .
“ As far as blowing it up — making it fall apart completely — it would have to be something like 9 - 11 , ” he said .
“ By the time they 'd start to do something , there will be so much law enforcement there it 'll be ridiculous . ”
Houston Chronicle Staff Writer Dudley Althaus contributed to this report
In her investigation , Ms. Dannehy appeared to draw a legal distinction between firing Mr. Iglesias for political reasons , which she said violated Justice Department principles , and doing so to influence an investigation that could harm Democrats , which would be illegal .
There was “ insufficient evidence ” that anyone in the White House or the Justice Department sought to pressure Mr. Iglesias to bring a criminal case before the 2006 election , nor was there evidence that the Justice Department tried to fill his spot with a prosecutor who would be more inclined to bring a political prosecution , the Justice Department said in its summary of Ms. Dannehy ’s investigation .
“ The weight of the evidence established not an attempt to influence but rather an attempt to remove David Iglesias from office , in other words , to eliminate the possibility of any future action or inaction by him , ” the Justice Department summary said .
Representative John M. Conyers Jr. , the Michigan Democrat who leads the House Judiciary Committee and was one of the Bush administration ’s fiercest critics over the firings , said the decision should not be seen as an exoneration .
“ There is no dispute that these firings were totally improper and that misleading testimony was given to Congress in an effort to cover them up , ” he said .
But Mr. Gonzales ’s lawyer in the case , George Terwilliger , said the decision amounted to a vindication and called it “ long overdue . ”
He said that Mr. Gonzales , who is now teaching at Texas Tech , “ is pleased to be able to move ahead with his professional life ” and added that “ those who made unwarranted allegations and predicted a prosecution owe Judge Gonzales an apology . ”
Published online 6 June 2010 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news.2010.281
News
Drug for schizophrenia causes side effects by shrinking part of the brain .
A commonly - prescribed antipsychotic drug shrinks the brain within hours of administration .
Jim Wehtje / Photodisc / Getty Images
A leading antipsychotic drug temporarily reduces the size of a brain region that controls movement and coordination , causing distressing side effects such as shaking , drooling and restless leg syndrome .
Just two hours after injection with haloperidol , an antipsychotic commonly prescribed to treat schizophrenia , healthy volunteers experienced impaired motor abilities that coincided with diminished grey - matter volume in the striatum1 — a brain region that mediates movement .
" We 've seen changes in the brain before , but to see significant remodelling of the striatum within a couple of hours is staggering , " says Clare Parish at the Howard Florey Institute for brain research in Melbourne , Australia , who was not involved in the study .
" Our viewpoint was that only chemical changes would happen in such a short time . "
In functional magnetic resonance imaging ( fMRI ) scans the authors observed the participants ' striatal volume diminishing and changes to the structure of the motor circuitry in their brains .
Further , their reaction times slowed in a computer test taken after the treatment , indicating the onset of lapses in motor control that affect many patients on antipsychotics .
Dopamine downsizing
Haloperidol has a number of side effects , although many of these are minor and recede within weeks of starting treatment .
With few better alternatives , psychiatrists have prescribed the drug for more than 40 years to treat people suffering from hallucinations , delirium , delusions and hyperactivity .
Like most antipsychotics , haloperidol blocks the D2 receptor , which is sensitive to dopamine .
The drug stifles the elevated dopamine activity that is thought to underlie psychosis .
D2 receptors are abundant in the striatum , where their activity regulates gene expression .
But , until now , no one knew that blocking the receptors would rapidly alter the brain 's physical structure .
Haloperidol shrank volunteers ' striatums in two hours , but they bounced back within a day .
Tost , H et al .
" This is the fastest change in brain volume ever seen , " says Andreas Meyer - Lindenberg , professor of psychiatry and psychotherapy at the University of Heidelberg in Mannheim , Germany , and a lead author on the report in Nature Neuroscience1 .
" Studies have found that the volume of brain regions changes over a number of days , but this is in one to two hours , and in half that time it bounces back . "
Within a day , volunteers ' brains returned to almost their original size as the effects of the single haloperidol dose subsided .
Meyer - Lindenberg says this result should alleviate fears that the drug destroys brain cells .
" We know it 's not killing neurons because the brain rebounds , " he says .
Instead , the team suggests that haloperidol downsizes synapses , the junctions through which neurons communicate .
Meyer - Lindenberg speculates that the change is mediated by the protein BDNF , which is involved in synapse growth and diminishes in response to antipsychotic treatments in mice .
The bigger picture
" I think this study will cause worry to some , " says Shitij Kapur , dean of the Institute of Psychiatry at King 's College London .
To counteract those fears , he notes that the brain changes caused by the drug seem to be reversible and that the dose used in the study was a little higher than that usually given to patients who had not taken the drug before .
ADVERTISEMENT
The findings may also hint at why people with bipolar disorder have reduced grey matter in parts of their brains after manic mood swings2 .
Andrew McIntosh at the University of Edinburgh , UK , says that the connection between the brain - shrinking effects of an antipsychotic reported in this study and the grey - matter reduction he and others have observed in schizophrenic and bipolar patients is " a bit uncertain but this paper definitely makes this worthy of further investigation " .
Furthermore , D2 receptors in parts of the striatum have been associated with addiction .
This has led Parish to ponder on whether structural changes underlie reward - seeking behaviours .
" You wonder what sort of acute changes happen through those receptors in the addicted brain because you hear of cases where addiction happens after just one exposure , " she says .
A leaked snippet of Shakira covering
The xx’s latest single Islands has hit the net , under the new title of Explore .
Shakira has done a good job of covers in the past and this is no exception , she effortlessly manages to dominate it with her own unique style .
She effectively brings a more upbeat vibe to the relatively chilled out original .
Hopefully the full version will be released soon as it sounds fantastic .
Coming to an NFL souvenir shop near you : a black knit ski hat that commemorates the end of both an unfortunate era in Oakland and an albatross for the league 's owners .
Stitched into the fabric will be the words : " The JaMarcus Russell Rookie Salary Cap . "
The case for limiting rookie salaries has been made repeatedly over the last decade , as the very item intended to lift up a struggling franchise - a high draft pick - often pinned clubs down for years if they lost a bet on a 21 - year - old .
Russell 's horrendous three years with the Raiders and the immense rancor that accompanied the quarterback 's release on Thursday should end the debate permanently .
The Players Association , of course , has no reason to shield the teams or owners from their own bad choices .
But the union should yield on the rookie cap , insist that most of the savings shift into the pockets of veterans , and wash its hands of the messes that inevitably accompany lavish contracts signed by 21 - year - olds .
Even without outrageous salaries , top draft picks will always be under enormous pressure .
But guarantees of $ 30 million or more amplify the potential for anger and frustration over a high - profile bust to a disturbing level .
Over the last two years , Russell could not have been vilified more if he had invented the subprime mortgage .
His failures and chubbiness launched a thousand nicknames - JaWalrus , JaBustus , JaRyanleaf .
Unless he succeeds with another team , part of his legacy will undoubtedly be providing the same kind of shorthand for sports underachievement that the Watergate Hotel gave to political scandals .
And why not ?
With $ 31.5 million in guaranteed money , he was an easy and justifiable target .
More to the point , the Raiders ' financial investment was bound to obscure Al Davis ' vision , persuading him to hold on to Russell and hold on and hold on , because surely the big-armed kid ( and his big - cash contract ) would pay off someday .
So the fans and the media howled , and they mocked .
People old enough to be Russell 's parents - even grandparents - felt compelled to insult him , lest the message not get through to the Raiders ' owner .
A rookie salary cap would n't eliminate the viciousness , but it would remove some dysfunction from the draft process .
For a while now , Draft Day has been fueled by an unhealthy obsession with quarterbacks .
After the introduction of the salary cap in 1994 , teams began to feel more pressure to use a top pick on a quarterback , so they would n't be spending big bucks on both a prospect and their team leader .
It seemed wiser to roll the two expenditures into one .
Plus , the increased hype surrounding the draft pressured faltering teams into making splashy statements that day .
If they lacked a quarterback , they were going to take one , regardless of any doubts they might have had about his worthiness .
Never mind that Brett Favre , Drew Brees and Kurt Warner all won Super Bowls for teams that did n't draft them .
Or that the most successful quarterback of this era , Tom Brady , went in the sixth round .
Meanwhile , of the 10 quarterbacks taken at No. 1 over the last 13 years , three have already belly - flopped in a big way .
A fourth dazzled on the field , then did time in federal prison .
Only two Super Bowls have come out of the crop , one from each Manning brother .
Contrast those results to the previous 30 years .
From 1968 through 1997 , only eight of the No. 1 picks were quarterbacks .
Those eight picks produced just one genuine bust ( Jeff George in 1990 ) and 1o Super Bowl wins ( by John Elway , Jim Plunkett , Terry Bradshaw and Troy Aikman ) .
Russell never seemed to understand what his job required .
He had n't a clue .
Even when the most elementary principles of damage control might have improved his standing with his teammates and the fans , he did n't deliver .
The Raiders did n't school him properly .
Nor apparently did the agents who took a cut of his salary .
For a while , Russell shared the Bay Area 's vilification honors with Barry Zito , now rebounding from the pressures of signing a $ 126 million contract with the Giants .
If he'd had as much responsibility as a quarterback , expected to run the show every game , unable to leave after three miserable innings and know he'd get another shot in five days , Zito could n't have put his game together again .
As long as Russell remained the Raiders ' hope for the future , he would be an obstacle to anyone else who might lead the Raiders .
He deserved a lot of the scorn directed at him .
But he never behaved like an utter jerk , as Ryan Leaf did in San Diego .
He did n't snarl at teammates or coaches , as George , another big-armed dud who wore the silver and black , did on several of his stops in the NFL .
He simply had way too much handed to him at age 21 , and as a result , he reaped excessive humiliation at age 24 .
The NFL and the players union could n't prevent the whole disaster , but they can mitigate the potential for more of the same .
Is JaMarcus Russell the biggest bust in sports history ?
Find out how to cast your vote .
B9
Iron Man 2 has over half an hour of deleted scenes , according to director Jon Favreau — including some stuff that caused severe negative reactions at an early test screening .
Here 's our complete list of what was cut , and why .
Advertisement
Probably the most glaring omission from the final cut of Iron Man 2 is Tony 's moment where he tells Pepper " You complete me , " before he hops out of a plane and onto a stage .
This is one of the greatest moments in the movie 's trailer , so why was it left out of the film ?
Favreau tells MTV the scene messed up the flow of the original intro .
Sad .
We really liked that scene , well we liked it a lot more than the " two seals wrestling over a grape " quip .
But do n't worry — it's on the DVD .
Advertisement
One thing that wo n't be on the DVD : the full Scarlett Johansson crotch shot from the trailer .
Why ?
Because you can see the stunt woman in it , clear as day .
That scene was edited down heavily , thus minimizing the awesome power of the crotch attack .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
During the Senate hearing early on , there was a zinger between Tony and Justin Hammer , which got left out of the final cut , but it's in Alexander Irvine 's novelization of the screenplay , as read by 4th Letter .
During the Senate hearing , Hammer says he does n't know if Tony is a sword or a shield .
In the original script , Tony responds , " I do n't know if I 'm a sword or a shield , but I do know that Hammer is a tool . "
BA - ZING .
It is a pretty good line , but we can see how it would have taken the scene just a little too far towards humor .
Advertisement
In fact there might have been a whole lot more missing Scarjo scenes .
Remember this iconic picture that popped up everywhere ?
It was nowhere to be seen in the final cut .
Why ?
Johansson has no idea , but Favreau told MTV that :
" That one 's an interesting one , because the relationship between Tony and Pepper is so special to the audience that it's [ delicate ] , " Favreau said of making Johansson 's sensual character appear to be too close to Tony .
" If you let him and Scarlett get too flirty and get too close , the audience turns off really quickly , because they really want to root for [ Tony and Pepper ] together . "
Advertisement
Funny he should mention that , because the novelization at 4thletter has lots more tension between Pepper and Natalie .
In fact Natalie gets chastised by Pepper for always calling and checking in with her " Dad . "
Natalie shows up Pepper in Monaco when she can speak French better than Pepper .
And finally , Pepper is none too happy to see Natalie and Tony get all cozy at the big Tony 's Birthday bash .
Advertisement
Another big omission is Happy 's big reveal that he loves Pepper .
That 's in the novelization , according to 4thLetter :
When Happy drives Pepper to the racetrack , they 're shot at by guards , which makes you wonder why nobody 's shooting at Whiplash .
In the movie , there 's that brief part where Happy mentions that the key to the briefcase armor is in his pocket .
In the book , Pepper fishes in his pocket for the key and amongst all the panic , Happy confesses that he 's always loved her .
Suddenly things get very awkward and he admits that he probably should n't have said that while she had her hand in his pants .
Advertisement
And finally we all remember the great panic of 2010 when it was revealed that Olivia Munn was in Iron Man 2 ?
The rumor - mongers went wild , with people suggesting she was the new Wasp .
Which is just crazy talk , people .
Her original part was scrapped and they re-shot a new scene with Munn , as a celebrity entertainment reporter .
It was fine .
But what was her original role ?
Advertisement
" She did a very funny comedic take on a girl that [ Tony ] was with at his birthday party , " he explained .
" She pops up again later in his bedroom .
But the way the scene went down , that part of the movie did n't want to have comedy because it was starting to get a little bit serious and bump tonally .
...
As a scene it was great , but when we put the whole movie together , that 's one of the things that happens .
It 's happened to me many times as an actor , but we called her up and said , ' There 's another thing that we 're shooting now , we 'd love to have you in the film . ' "
[ via MTV ]
Folks who spent up to $ 100 for War for Cybertron preorder codes on eBay are going to kick themselves , as a listing on the Xbox website for the game 's first map pack indicates that all three preorder characters are included .
Advertisement
This is why we do n't buy preorder codes on eBay Released just last week and garnering surprisingly positive reviews , Transformers : War for Cybertron features a robust multiplayer component .
To entice players to reserve copies at Best Buy , Amazon.com , and GameStop , Activision supplied retailer - exclusive preorder codes that unlocked Shockwave , Demolishor , and Jazz character models for online play .
Advertisement
Earlier this week we ran a story on the outrageous prices players were paying for these character codes on eBay .
Now Kotaku reader ChrisRiss points us to a listing that recently appeared on the UK version Xbox.com for the prepaid code version of " Map and Character Pack # 1 " for the game .
The listing indicates the pack contains two new maps for standard multiplayer , two Escalation mode maps , and five new characters for online multiplayer , including the three preorder bonuses .
Become the ultimate weapon and wage war in four new maps – engage in multiplayer combat in HAVOC and FORTRESS or fend off waves of Autobots in DISTRICT , and Decepticons in FORSAKEN , two new Escalation mode maps .
Also gain access to 5 characters and their chassis for use in Escalation mode and Multiplayer character creation ; SCATTERSHOT , ONSLAUGHT , DEMOLISHOR , SHOCKWAVE and JAZZ are ready for battle .
Fight to the end in the war that started it all !
There are no refunds for this item .
Mind that last sentence there , eBayers : " There are no refunds for this item . "
Mind you this is n't the official listing for the DLC pack you will be buying whenever Activision decides to release it , but it seems unlikely that the text included in the listing is merely placeholder .
Activision could still remove the three preorder characters before the pack is released , though that does n't seem likely .
Advertisement
Plus , there 's no price listing , though I 'm guessing it 'll go for a lot less than the $ 100 people were paying for Demolishor at the world 's largest online auction house .
We 've reached out to Activision for comment on this story , and will update should we receive a response .
Peter Keefe , the creator and executive producer of “ Voltron : Defender of the Universe , ” a hugely popular 1980s cartoon series that helped prepare the way for other Japanese - style animation in the United States , died on May 27 in Rochester .
He was 57 .
The cause was throat cancer , his brother Chris said .
The show ’s giant sword - wielding robot defended the universe from 1984 to 1987 ; “ Voltron ” became the No. 1 syndicated children ’s show for two years and took in huge profits with merchandise as well .
It inspired several spinoffs and developed a cult following .
Image Peter Keefe Credit ... Vitello Productions
The series exposed American audiences to Japanese anime , and served as a precursor to children ’s shows like “ Dragon Ball Z , ” “ Power Rangers ” and “ Pokémon . ”
You ’ve got a tandem bike .
Chances are , you ’re either in a comedy movie or you ’re biking with the Muppets .
Either way , you ’re not cruising very fast .
And your bike ?
It ’s probably pretty far up on the cutie - pie scale .
What if you ’re in the mood for modernism ?
What if you ’d like to go FAST ?
Well then just look right here , no further must you go !
Here it is , the “ Tandem Speed ” bike .
Get your speed lines on .
Designer Robert is a man who likes his white , black , and red paint .
Me too .
You really do n’t need anything else when it comes to pop anything .
Making anything pop ! , I should say .
This bike is not yet on the production line , but with the response I ’m SURE it will get , it wont be far off .
High five double bike !
Designer : Robert Egger
GAZA CITY — Israel and Egypt began the blockade of the Gaza Strip three years ago in an effort to cripple Hamas , but the economic isolation has claimed a different victim : the territory 's merchant class .
Western governments — including Washington — are clamoring for Israel to rethink its policy in the wake of last week 's bloody seizure of a flotilla of activists attempting to reach Gaza 's shore .
Late last week , Israel signaled that it was considering ways of easing the flow of goods into Gaza .
Israel ...
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter
This article was written by Christopher Vera , CISSP , HISP , GCFA , GLEG for Sucuri .
Of all the elements of a successful cyber security program , security awareness is probably one of the least understood .
Some cyber security professionals have even gone as far as to claim that security awareness does n’t work .
Their observations are not entirely unfounded .
The key is that successful awareness programs must provide value to their audiences .
When they do n’t provide value they are ignored , and thus ineffective , plain and simple .
Further , a security awareness program cannot protect a user from everything .
With new platform - agnostic attacks bypassing even fully patched systems with host - based firewalls and the most recent anti-virus signatures , it ’s easy to throw one ’s arms up in frustration .
But defense in depth is one of our most trusted principles .
We understand that no one security control can protect us from every threat .
Otherwise , we ’d have tossed out our network firewalls years ago .
The advantage of a successful security awareness program is that it ’s much less expensive to implement and maintain .
When most people think of security awareness , they generally think of clever websites , e-mails , and posters reminding us to adhere to the organization ’s acceptable use policy or to stop clicking dangerous links .
But a successful awareness program is more than the sum of its topics or its delivery mechanisms .
It ’s about changing the culture of our organizations .
The agenda of all awareness programs is to change behavior ; to replace security apathy with reasonable concern and consideration of security risks .
It ’s not fast .
Success sometimes requires months or years .
It ’s difficult to measure effectiveness well .
It ’s as much a marketing campaign as a security control .
In short , security awareness is a strategic element to a cyber security program , not a tactical one .
This means our security awareness programs must have strong strategies ( a topic for another time ) , and therefore , clear missions .
Let ’s be clear about mission statements .
They are short statements of purpose that an organization can use to drive strategy and decision making .
The mission statement that I created for my own organization has worked so well it has been adopted by my company ’s communications department and even external awareness initiatives like “ Securing Our eCity ” in San Diego , California .
The mission is so simple you may roll your eyes .
I propose that the mission of a successful awareness program must be to “ deliver the right message to the right people at the right time ” .
Experienced cyber security professionals may recognize those words as a succinct description of the CIA Triad ( Confidentiality , Integrity , and Availability ) and that principle is precisely from where I adopted this strategy .
This mission helps those of us responsible for managing an awareness program focus on the three critical success factors : our audiences , our delivery mechanisms and our messages .
These factors are based on criteria unique to our organizations ’ needs .
But what does it mean ?
How can we put this into action ?
The right people
When it comes to communications , nothing frustrates our audiences more than being distracted by messages that do n’t apply to them .
If 90 % of our audiences already regularly do the right thing , say , do n’t connect their personal mobile devices to the network , then why , for goodness ’ sake , would we make them sit through one hour web based presentations on about the dangers of connecting personal devices to the network ?
If an audience is n’t responsible for patching Microsoft Windows systems , why e-mail them monthly reminders about the latest Microsoft vulnerability ?
Eventually , the message ( and our branding ) becomes diluted and future messages will be ignored .
We have failed to provide value because the target audience rightly feels we are wasting their time .
We did n’t care enough to send a relevant message , so why should they care about absorbing it ?
Therefore , target audiences must be as granular as we can make them and still manage them successfully .
Who should we deliver “ do n’t connect personal devices ” messages to ?
Only those with a high risk of attempting to connect personal devices !
Contractors and vendors come to mind .
Who should receive messages about Windows vulnerabilities ?
Only audiences responsible for patching Windows systems .
The value of our awareness program increases as we tune our messaging for specific audiences that directly benefit ( or avoid severe discomfort ) from the content being delivered .
The right message
As awareness program managers , we must continually adapt our messaging .
Think in terms of timely talking points .
Evolving elevator speeches .
Our awareness programs must constantly say old things in new ways in order to keep the content relevant to our audience and so provide value .
The topics are often the same : passwords , e-mail , web browsing , information management , phishing .
But sometimes it ’s not what we have to say ; it ’s how we say it that makes the difference .
Take passwords .
Passwords can be an incredibly boring topic because everyone has been told over and over about their obligations to create and manage their passwords .
Does your password messaging look anything like this ?
Passwords should be at least 6 characters long and contain at least three of these four : upper case characters , lower case characters , numbers , special characters .
It should not be anything found in the dictionary .
Oh , and do n’t write it down .
Ouch !
It ’s all well and good , but is as dry as toast and will be forgotten immediately after it is read because its value is limited .
Compare that with this set of talking points about the benefits of passphrases .
Instead of a password consider a passphrase instead , which is easier for you to remember and harder for bad guys to guess .
Use a mnemonic to make it easier to remember without writing it down .
This works for your own personal passwords as well as organization ones .
Which is easier to remember and harder to guess using the mnemonic of “ fast food ” ?
Ch33zBrg3r$
or
Cheeseburgers@my.house
In this messaging example , we provide value by giving the audience a fresh way at looking at an old problem , and we make it personally relevant ( it works at home too ) .
When we need to share password complexity requirements , say for compliance reasons , we can link to the specific document in policy , standards and guidelines .
Audiences that know the password standard can freely ignore the link .
Others , like new hires , can click it for more information .
This saves everyone time .
Now that ’s the right message !
The right time
Pop quiz .
Many people in our organizations will probably get a virus or other malware this year .
When is the best time to warn them not to click on potentially malicious links ?
A month before they click , A day after they click , or Right before they click .
Timing , as they say , is everything .
So it is in our awareness programs .
Every time a celebrity dies , or a major disaster strikes somewhere in the world , we quickly deploy prepared messaging ( based on templates that can be easily modified to suit the message ) using several different delivery mechanisms to warn our high risk e-mail and web browsing audiences to expect scammers to begin sending them malicious e-mails or links to malicious websites .
Warning audiences about malicious links after your IT department has responded to 2500 users with malware on their systems is too little , too late .
Our goal is to be able to provide inline context - based organizationally branded awareness to our audiences while they are using e-mail or web browsing .
Newer versions of Microsoft Office and various browsers try to do this with pop-ups ( “ are you sure you want to open this ? ” ) , but use generic messaging that users tend to click through without a thought .
Often times , well - meaning awareness programs will deliver cookie cutter messaging on a monthly or quarterly basis , hoping audiences will remember that the message they read in January applies to the malicious link they receive in September .
No wonder our messaging does n’t perform to our expectations .
Provide value
Our audiences have their own jobs to do .
They will never understand ( or even want to understand ) everything we know about cyber security .
Provide them value by giving them the information they need to make their life easier .
They do n’t want computer viruses , or to be held accountable for a newspaper headline because they failed to shred confidential documents .
Effective awareness is a critical element of a robust cyber security program that helps our organizations solve problems .
This in turn positively influences behavior .
Which in turn , positively influences the culture of your organization from one of security apathy into one of security awareness .
The right people , the right message , the right time .
I look forward to hearing your own thoughts on the mission of security awareness .
Christopher Vera , HISP , CISSP , GCFA , GLEG is an information security practitioner with over 11 years experience in drafting and publishing security policy , creating and managing multiple computer incident response and forensics teams , as well as vulnerability management , security engineering and security awareness programs .
With a degree in Geological Sciences from San Diego State University , he is trained to examine the positive and negative synergies between large collections of systems .
He works in the energy industry and is an active member of Infragard .
He also writes science fiction and poetry .
christophervera.com
Just over two months after launching it , and days after reducing the price , Microsoft has decided to kill the Kin phone .
Microsoft began offering the phone in mid-April on Verizon 's network .
The two models of the Kin were aimed at young people , with prominent social - networking ties .
But reviewers were critical of the phones from the beginning , noting that they were often difficult to use and lacked key features .
Earlier this week , Verizon dropped the price of the low - end Kin from US $ 49 to $ 29 and the high - end version from $ 99 to $ 49 .
A price drop so close to launch is typically an indication that the phones are n't selling well .
Microsoft has apparently decided to pin its future mobile efforts on Windows Phone 7 , the revamp to its ailing Windows Mobile operating system that is due out on phones later this year .
" We have made the decision to focus on the Windows Phone 7 launch and will not ship Kin in Europe this fall as planned , " Microsoft said in a statement .
" Additionally , we are integrating our Kin team with the Windows Phone 7 team , incorporating valuable ideas and technologies from Kin into future Windows Phone releases .
We will continue to work with Verizon in the U.S. to sell current Kin phones . "
Matt Rosoff , an analyst with Directions on Microsoft , had heard just a few days ago that Microsoft was preparing a big software update to the Kin phones .
However , he said he 's more surprised that Microsoft launched the Kin phones in the first place than that it killed them now .
The phone had many poor reviews and probably weak sales , he said .
Although it had one feature that was often praised , it lacked a number of features considered standard on smartphones today , including an app store .
A number of users who wrote reviews on the Verizon site complained that the phones did n't even come with a calendar .
However , many people , including Rosoff , praised Kin Studio .
That 's a feature that lets a Kin user log into their account on a computer and see a timeline of activity on the phone , including photos , videos and text messages .
The feature backs up all content on the phone .
Folding the Kin team into the Windows Phone 7 team is something Microsoft should have done long ago , Rosoff said .
" It 's surprising that they did n't take a look at this Kin team and say , ' what they 're doing is interesting but it needs to be put into the mainstream mobile platform , ' " he said .
One reason that Microsoft continued down the Kin development path is that it may have had deals with Verizon or Sharp , the phone maker , that it could n't get out of , he said .
Cnet and Gizmodo first reported the news .
The decision to halt further development of the Kin is probably related to recent changes at the top of Microsoft 's Entertainment and Devices group .
It recently announced that Robbie Bach , president of the Entertainment and Devices division , would leave the company later this year , after 22 years at Microsoft .
While Bach oversaw the successful Xbox business , the company 's mobile efforts have been widely criticized .
Windows Mobile has been steadily losing market share to more popular competitors like Apple 's iPhone .
" I think that this is part of the legacy of Ballmer 's review of the mobile business , " Rosoff said .
Rather than replace Bach , Microsoft has put Ballmer in charge of the division .
In the past when Ballmer has taken over other segments of the company , he has similarly reviewed the business , often cutting projects , Rosoff said .
The Kin phones have their roots in software from Danger , the company that made the Sidekick phones and was acquired by Microsoft .
Microsoft positioned the Kin phones as more consumer - centric devices , compared to Windows Phone 7 , which will hit the market later this year .
MEXICO CITY ( AP ) —
It 's one of the safest parts of America , and it 's getting safer .
It 's the U.S. - Mexico border , and even as politicians say more federal troops are needed to fight rising violence , government data obtained by The Associated Press show it actually is n't so dangerous after all .
The top four big cities in America with the lowest rates of violent crime are all in border states : San Diego , Phoenix , El Paso and Austin , according to a new FBI report .
And an in - house Customs and Border Protection report shows that Border Patrol agents face far less danger than street cops in most U.S. cities .
The Customs and Border Protection study , obtained with a Freedom of Information Act request , shows 3 percent of Border Patrol agents and officers were assaulted last year , mostly when assailants threw rocks at them .
That compares with 11 percent of police officers and sheriff 's deputies assaulted during the same period , usually with guns or knives .
In addition , violent attacks against agents declined in 2009 along most of the border for the first time in seven years .
So far this year assaults are slightly up , but data is incomplete .
" The border is safer now than it 's ever been , " said U.S. Customs and Border Protection spokesman Lloyd Easterling .
He said one factor is that with fewer jobs available amid the U.S. recession , illegal immigration has dropped .
And responding to security concerns after 9 - 11 , the Border Patrol has doubled the number of agents in the region since 2004 .
Nonetheless , border lawmakers and governors say their region is under siege and needs more troops .
" Violence in the vicinity of the U.S. - Mexico border continues to increase at an alarming rate .
We believe that this violence represents a serious threat to the national security of the United States as well as a serious threat to U.S. citizens that live along the 1,969 - mile long border , " a dozen bipartisan members of Congress from border states wrote President Obama .
In Arizona , a stringent new immigration law takes effect next month , requiring police to question suspects ' immigration status if officers believe they 're in the country illegally .
Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer said in a televised interview last weekend : " We are out here on the battlefield getting the impact of all this illegal immigration , and all the crime that comes with it . "
In response to the concerns from the border states , Obama pledged to send 1,200 National Guard troops to help and spend an extra $ 500 million on border security .
His one - time rival for the presidency , Arizona Sen .
John McCain , said he should send at least 6,000 troops , which are needed because he said Arizona leads the nation in marijuana seizures , suffered 368 kidnappings in 2008 and has the highest property crime rates in the U.S .
But FBI crime reports for 2009 says violent crime in Arizona declined .
And violent crimes in southwest border counties are among the lowest in the nation per capita — they 've dropped by more than 30 percent in the last two decades .
Of America 's 25 largest cities , San Diego — with one out of four residents an immigrant — has the lowest number of violent crimes per capita .
Opponents of increased border security are frustrated by descriptions of a wave of violence when the statistics show the region to be relatively safe .
" Politicians are hyping up this incredible fear across the country about the border , but these numbers show these are lies being perpetrated on the American public , " said immigrant advocate Isabel Garcia at Tucson - based Derechos Humanos .
" The warnings about violence are just an excuse to crack down on migrants who want to work and be with their families . "
Even residents of the border region who want more security are surprised by the talk of violence .
" I have to say , a lot of this is way overblown , " said Gary Brasher of Tuboc , Arizona , who is president of the Coalition for a Safe and Secure Border .
So why send troops to the region ?
" That 's really something to ask the White House , " Easterling said .
White House spokesman Mike Hammer said " there are other rationales for why those border deployments are occurring " but declined to name any of them .
" I would really put this to the Department of Homeland Security , " he said .
Homeland Security spokesman Matthew Chandler provided a written statement that said more help is needed to build upon " the unprecedented resources the Administration has dedicated over the past 16 months and will serve to expand long - term the successes that have been realized to date . "
Governors along the border say improved crime rates do n't counter their concerns about risk .
" The federal government currently does not know who is entering our country and when , which obviously creates tremendous security concerns , " said Brewer 's spokesman Paul Senseman .
And in Texas , " we respond to threats based on risk , not occurrence , " said Gov. Rick Perry 's spokeswoman Katherine Cesinger .
Thus Perry has activated a secret state border protection emergency plan .
" With the safety of Texans on the line , we can't afford to wait , " he said .
New Mexico Gov. Bill Richardson , who ordered the National Guard to patrol the border in his state six weeks ago , is concerned about " the potential for drug cartel violence spilling over the border , " spokesman Gilbert Gallegos said .
California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger spokesman Francisco Castillo said that while " we 've seen some success , " troops are needed " to provide more security along our borders . "
Concerns about danger come , in part , from Mexico , where raging cartel violence has taken 23,000 lives in three years , often within view of the U.S. border .
There 's frequent talk of the potential for that violence to spread across the border , although so far it has n't happened to any significant degree .
Several high - profile and frightening incidents have added to the fears : Authorities suspect an illegal immigrant working for drug smugglers killed Arizona rancher Robert Krentz in March , and last year Border Patrol agent Robert Rosas , 30 , was murdered while on patrol near San Diego .
" Agents now have to question if they will be ambushed , " U.S. District Judge M. James Lorenz said as he sentenced a 17 - year - old Mexican to 40 years for killing Rosas .
In fact , agents in the San Diego region are less likely to be attacked these days .
" Agent Rosas ' death changed the way we do business .
Agents are on high alert , we have to be ready .
But if you just look at the numbers , assaults here are down 27 percent , " said Border Patrol spokesman Jerry Conley , who worked with Rosas .
He said that since Rosas ' death , officers do n't venture into potentially dangerous situations without backup .
Solo patrols are rare , and they emphasize safety precautions .
There are exceptions to the trend : Assaults on agents in the Laredo , Texas , region increased from 44 in 2008 to 118 in 2009 , and they increased in the neighboring Rio Grande Valley as well .
Agents also fired their guns on 49 separate occasions in 2009 , a 50 percent increase from 2008 .
Customs spokesman Easterling said that while fewer people are trying to sneak across the border , those who do are more likely " engaged in activity other than illegal entry , such as drug smuggling , and are more likely to use violence as a means to help them escape apprehension . "
But the bigger picture is one of increased safety .
In fiscal year 2009 , there were 1,073 violent attacks — mostly thrown rocks , bottles and sticks but also 48 incidents in which a gun was fired — against the 20,119 Border Patrol agents , down from 1,097 violent incidents against 17,819 agents in 2008 .
In addition to those agents , another 22,000 officers work at the nation 's border crossings and airports , checking people as they enter and exit the country .
It 's one of the safest jobs in law enforcement :
Last year 17 of them were assaulted , a 74 percent decrease from 2008 .
Edward Alden , a senior fellow at the Council on Foreign Relations , said it 's time for lawmakers to reconsider what they 'd like to see happening in the region .
" Border security has become the most overused , and least understood , concept in the struggle over what to do about our broken immigration system , " he said .
" While an election year may not be the best time , the United States finally needs an honest debate over what it means to secure the country 's borders . "
NBC reports that President Obama has relieved Gen. Stanley McChyrstal of his command .
NBC chief Pentagon correspondent Jim Miklaszewski reports that it was unclear if McChrystal submitted a letter of resignation or whether Obama took the action .
Update at 1:24 p.m. ET : CNN is also reporting that the general is out as commander of U.S. forces in Afghanistan .
Update at 1:27 p.m. ET : The Associated Press , quoting unidentified sources , says Obama has tapped Gen. David Petraeus to take over as top commander of U.S. forces in Afghanistan .
Update at 1:40 p.m. ET : Obama , speaking in the Rose Garden , said he accepted McChrystal 's resignation " with considerable regret but with certainty that it is the right thing for our mission in Afghanistan , for our military and for our country . "
Update at 1:48 p.m. ET : He said that he relieved McChrystal of command " not out of any sense of personal insult . "
He said the general 's action in giving the candid magazine interview , " undermines civilian control of the military that is at the core of our democratic system . "
Update at 1:50 p.m. ET : At the same time , he praised McChrystal , saying , " he has earned a reputation as one of our nation 's finest soldiers . "
Update at 1:51 p.m. ET : He said the appointment of Petraeus to take command of international forces in Afghanistan " is a change in personnel , but not a change in policy . "
Update at 1:53 p.m. ET : Obama , on several occasions , praised McChrystal for his military service .
" It saddens me to lose the service of a soldier I have come to respect and admire , " he said .
( Posted by Doug Stanglin )
The news that Force India is supposed to be taking legal action against Lotus on the basis that the latter ’s car is based on a wind tunnel model of the former ’s 2010 challenger makes no sense at all – and clearly suggests that there is much more to this story than the headlines suggest .
The key point is that the Lotus is way off the pace of the Force India and so if there was any copying going on one would have expected a better result .
Given that Force India stopped using the Italian wind tunnel at the end of 2008 , it is pretty hard to make the claim that the 2010 Lotus is a copy of the 2010 Force India .
One might try to argue that the Lotus could be a copy of the 2009 Force India car , but one needs to remember that the 2010 cars are very different from the 2009 versions because of the rule changes which banned fuel stops .
This had a dramatic effect on the design of the cars , with much longer wheelbases .
Investigation into the affair reveals that there IS a great deal more to this than meets the eye , not least the fact that Force India boss Vijay Mallya has a less than solid relationship with Mike Gascoyne , the technical boss of Lotus , who once led the technical team at Force India .
We have heard stories that suggest that Gascoyne may feel that Force India still owes him money .
There is also an ongoing legal action between Force India and Fondtech .
Fondtech is an Italian aerodynamic operation which is run by Frenchman Jean - Claude Migeot .
Migeot and Gascoyne have been working together on and off since 1990 when they created the radical Tyrrell 019 , which introduced the raised nose into F1 .
In 1994 when Gascoyne returned to Tyrrell after a period elsewhere he instigated an aerodynamic development programme with Migeot ’s new operation , which was then called Fondmetal Technologies .
At the end of 1995 Fondmetal did a deal with Benetton ( now Renault ) and it was not until Gascoyne moved there in 2001 that the relationship with Migeot was revived .
In 2003 Aerolab was established as a joint venture between FondTech and Dallara Automobili .
The project was conceived and managed by FondTech but partially funded by Dallara .
The new tunnel was opened in 2004 and was larger and faster than the original Fondtech tunnel .
Initially it was used by Toyota , as Gascoyne had joined the Cologne team in December 2003 .
He instigated the construction of a second windtunnel in Germany and in the middle of 2005 Toyota moved out of Aerolab and Renault moved in .
Fondtech then embarked on the construction of FondTech2 , an identical wind tunnel to Aerolab .
This was opened in 2007 and used by Force India , where Gascoyne ended up after being dropped by Toyota .
Gascoyne ’s stay at Force India was relatively short and he departed at the end of 2008 and only returned to F1 in 2009 with Lotus .
Mallya has by then fallen out with Migeot over money which ended up in the Italian firm taken legal action against the team at the end of last year for “ not fulfilling its obligations ” .
When Mallya began making claims about Migeot and Lotus , the Frenchman issued a statement that said “ these rumours are designed only to tarnish the company ’s reputation and professionalism and to divert attention away from the facts ” .
A dispute over money or a spy scandal ?
The first option seems the more likely …
BOULDER , Colorado —
Oil gushing from the Deepwater Horizon site in the Gulf of Mexico will reach the Atlantic Ocean within six months , says oceanographer Synte Peacock .
Exactly when is all down to an eddy that broke off of the infamous Loop Current southwest of Florida on June 12 .
[ partner id =" sciencenews " align = " right " ]
Peacock , of the National Center for Atmospheric Research in Boulder , Colorado , usually studies how the ocean ’s water absorbs atmospheric gases .
But after the Deepwater Horizon platform exploded April 20 , she realized her computer models could be used to follow where the oil gushing from the seafloor might end up .
Her simulations , announced in a press release June 3 , made headlines worldwide .
No surprise :
The simulations suggested that , once the oil became caught up in the Loop Current , it would be funneled into the Atlantic within weeks .
Talking with reporters at NCAR on June 14 , Peacock explained how some news outlets misrepresented her work by glossing over a few major caveats .
Most important , the work simulated the movement of dye ( not viscous oil ) injected in the upper layers of the ocean ( not the deep seafloor ) for a total of two months ( not the ongoing no - end - in - sight disaster ) .
The simulations underscore how complicated it can be to track the movement of subsurface oil .
“ We saw large differences in details in how oil dispersed , depending on local eddies and currents in the gulf , ” she says .
Still , “ no matter what you do it ’s very , very hard in our model to find a scenario where dye is kept within the gulf for a period of longer than six months . ”
The Loop Current circulates clockwise off the southwestern coast of Florida .
About once or twice a year , it pinches off an eddy that either wanders around the gulf before dying out , or eventually reattaches with the main Loop Current .
The unusual thing about the Loop Current this year , Peacock says , is that it was located much more to the south and east than usual when it pinched off its new eddy .
Eddies have popped off in this location twice before in recent years , she says .
One of those times the eddy wandered to the west , toward Texas , before dissipating .
The other time it reattached with the Loop .
Where the new eddy goes will strongly influence exactly where the oil ends up , she says .
When it does reach the Atlantic , she notes , the oil will not necessarily wash ashore on beaches in a goopy mess .
The oil might stay far out to sea , or be extremely diluted by the time it gets to the Atlantic .
Her team is now working on simulations of what will happen if the oil keeps gushing for months to come .
Image : National Center for Atmospheric Research
See Also :
The world is divided into four kingdoms , each represented by the element they harness , and peace has lasted throughout the realms of Water , Air , Earth , and Fire under the supervision of the Avatar , a link to the spirit world and the only being capable of mastering the use of all four elements .
When young Avatar Aang disappears , the Fire Nation launches an attack to eradicate all members of the Air Nomads to prevent interference in their future plans for world domination .
100 years pass and current Fire Lord Ozai continues to conquer and imprison anyone with elemental " bending " abilities in the Earth and Water Kingdoms , while siblings Katara and Sokka from a Southern Water Tribe find a mysterious boy trapped beneath the ice outside their village .
Upon rescuing him , he reveals himself to be Aang , Avatar and last of the Air Nomads .
Swearing to protect the Avatar , Katara and Sokka journey with him to the Northern Water Kingdom in his quest to master " Waterbending " and eventually fulfill ... Written by The Massie Twins
DETROIT – Opening the 29th National Convention of the United Auto Workers union on June 14 , Region 1A Director Rory Gamble said it was a very wise decision to meet here in this city because , “ Detroit , just like men and women throughout our country , has been under attack . ”
The UAW and its workers have been through a tumultuous period .
Michigan has lost 800,000 jobs since 2000 and 250,000 people are unemployed in this city whose population has fallen to less than a million .
Outgoing UAW President Ron Gettelfinger said structural changes in the industry , combined with the worst economic downturn since the Great Depression , created “ the darkest hours since the founding of the union , ” 75 years ago .
He was referring to last years bankruptcies of General Motors and Chrysler and the new attacks on labor from the far right .
“ We must never forget there were several right - wing conservatives in Washington who wanted us to fade away .
Let ’s be clear , the contempt for the UAW was so great that some were willing to let the industry collapse to destroy us . ”
On the other hand , Gettelfinger praised the role played by President Obama in saving the auto industry .
“ Without hesitation , President Barack Obama addressed the auto industry and took the necessary steps .
Just over a year later , Chrysler is expanding production ; GM is recalling workers and adding shifts , ” Gettelfinger added .
Most employers vigorously opposed unions but , Gettelfinger said , in the recent period , there is a “ drumbeat of anti-union chatter ” and “ smear tactics against the UAW like never before . ”
On June 2 , the anti-labor chatter in Michigan came from Newt Gingrich .
At the Michigan Mackinac Policy Conference , the nation ’s largest state - based free market think tank , he called for Michigan to become a right - to - work state .
( “ Right - to - work ” mean anti-union laws that make it next to impossible for workers to exercise their right to organize and bargain with their employer collectively . )
Gingrich also said that Michigan for years has subsidized people who were not productive and that the state ’s economy is built on “ excessive expectation . ”
“ These anti-union forces are simply motivated by greed , ” Gettelfinger charged .
Governor Jennifer Granholm addressed the convention , and she , too , had harsh words for those who “ worship at the alter of a free market . ”
“ If we were hands - off last year , GM and Chrysler would have been liquidated .
Your jobs would have been gone .
We would be a nation that makes nothing ” she said .
Gettelfinger reminded the membership that labor has a friend in the White House , and recalled then - Senator Barack Obama ’s 2008 Detroit Labor Day speech when Obama told the crowd “ I do n’t choke on the word union . ”
He spoke about other positive changes that have taken place under this administration including the $ 790 billion stimulus program , sweeping health care reform , the Lilly Ledbetter decision and the appointments of Labor Secretary Hilda Solis and Supreme Court Justice Sonia Sotomayor .
These were listed to drive home the importance of the upcoming 2010 midterm elections .
“ Once again we will be called upon to work hard .
We must deliver this fall to allow President Obama to continue making progress ” said Gettelfinger .
Receiving social justice awards were Congressmen John Lewis of Georgia and John Dingell of Michigan .
Lewis echoed previous remarks on the midterm elections saying we must “ vote this year like we have never voted before . ”
Regarding the Employee Free Choice
Act he said “ We control the White House , Senate , and House of Representatives .
Let ’s pass it and pass it now . ”
Dingell who has been a long time supporter for national health care welcomed the new legislation , but said the “ task now is to preserve , protect and expand that program . ”
Still to be accomplished Dingell noted are “ jobs , recovery of the economy and protection of rights for working families . ”
Later in the week delegates will vote for a new president , widely expected to be Vice President Bob King .
Data network access is certainly a hot topic these days in the world of mobile electronics , for obvious reasons .
Devices like the Apple iPhone , HTC Evo , and Motorola Droid X have the potential to give users fast access to content most of us never imagined possible a few years ago .
The motor vehicle is slowly moving into the spotlight alongside these smartphones as a " mobile device " , which technically , it is .
We 're already starting to see wireless data connections being introduced as an option for production cars ( Ford and Audi , to name a couple ) , and they will become even more common in the near future .
Alcatel - Lucent has created the LTE Connected Concept via its ng Connect Program to demonstrate some of the possibilities for in - vehicle content consumption .
The car will be capable of connecting to the upcoming cellular LTE ( Long Term Evolution ) data network and stream various different types of content to its built - in entertainment systems .
This connectivity can turn any car into a rolling smartphone of sorts .
Anything you could access with your mobile device could also be accessed through the vehicle itself .
As we continue to evolve the way we use the web , our relationships with our devices change too .
Although the telephone , in its original form , could be considered the very first implementation of a social network , it has turned into something completely different and powerful .
Our cars may soon head in this direction , becoming a social networking platform of their own .
I imagine a combination of web - connected infotainment systems integrated with navigation and augmented reality software that allows the vehicles occupants to interact with their surroundings in a totally new way .
Maybe some day you 'll have a digital avatar associated with your driver 's license or registration .
Maybe the attractive young lady 's car next to you at the traffic light will reveal that she 's your age , and single !
More practically , the technology could be used to access information regarding traffic , weather , law enforcement or emergencies .
Some of this is already available via smartphones and mobile GPS units , but the wireless data network has a lot more of it to offer .
As drivers and passengers demand more entertainment from their cars , the technology is becoming available to give them whatever they want .
[ ng Connect via Gizmag ]
The engineers who have designed the official football for the 2010 World Cup have hit back at criticism of their ball by some players .
Fabio Capello said his players gave the new ball bad reviews , with some players saying it moves too quickly .
And goalkeepers have claimed the new Jabulani ball is difficult to handle .
But engineers at Loughbrough University claim that their tests show it is the most " consistent " football ever manufactured .
The football that former England international Geoff Hurst belted into the goal in the 1966 World Cup final was made from 18 pieces of leather , stitched together and fastened with laces .
We want a ball that is very consistent that allows the best players to shine Dr Andy Harland , Loughborough University
The new World Cup football is made from just eight pieces of shaped synthetic material glued tightly together .
The result - for the first time in football history , say the manufacturers - is an undistorted , perfectly spherical ball .
But some players say it moves too quickly , and a number of goalkeepers say it is difficult to handle .
The engineers who helped design the ball , called the Jabulani , say it should be the most consistent football ever made .
Dr Andy Harland at Loughborough University used a robot to kick the ball .
His set up is able to reproduce corners , free kicks , passes and shots on goal - even more reliably than David Beckham .
Shining example
" Fundamentally , what we are trying to achieve is a ball that is very consistent that allows the very best players in the world to express their skills , " he says .
" So we 're not looking for a ball that behaves unpredictably which would benefit a player that 's not skilful .
We want a ball that is very consistent that allows the best players to shine . "
His robot tests , which were supported by the ball 's manufacturer Adidas , showed that the Jabulani was better than previous World Cup balls .
It flew through the air more smoothly and hit its targets more reliably .
Dr Harland 's colleagues used a wind tunnel to aerodynamically design the grooves on its surface , which guide the ball as it flies through the air .
In the past , their positions have been determined by the ball 's natural seams but the Jabulani does n't have any seams so , according to Dr Martin Passmore of Loughborough University , engineers can put the grooves where they like .
" What we 've tried to do with the inclusion of grooves , " he explained , " is to make sure that the ball looks much more symmetrical in flight , so it flies in a much more controlled way and gives the control back to the player to get it to do what they want to do . "
Young boys at the Kingston - Upon - Thames Little League say the new ball is " awesome " .
But it 's too expensive for their coach and one of the league 's organisers , Andrew Standford .
His practice footballs cost £ 5 and match balls retail for £ 15 .
By comparison , the Jabulani costs more than £ 60 .
For Mr Standford , the production of a new ball is as much about marketing as it is about improving the quality of footballs .
" Every new World Cup , there 's a new football out and each time it seems a little bit more expensive .
It does feel good and it does play well but it is expensive for what 's just a football . "
But researchers at Loughborough University say the ball is well worth the price .
The gripes by some players , he says , are possibly a result of some of the World Cup venues being located at high altitudes in South Africa , rather than any problem with the ball .
At higher altitudes , the air is thinner and so the ball moves faster .
Dr Passmore thinks that the players will soon get used to the conditions .
So has he helped to create the perfect ball ?
" I do n't know if there 's such a thing as a perfect ball .
And I do n't think it 's entirely clear what you 'd want from a perfect ball .
Maybe a perfect ball would be one that I could use to score the winning goal in the World Cup . "
If you have additions or changes , send an e-mail ( remove the " nospam " ) .
This material is presented to ensure timely dissemination of scholarly and technical work .
Copyright and all rights therein are retained by authors or by other copyright holders .
All persons copying this information are expected to adhere to the terms and constraints invoked by each authors copyright .
Washington --
Turkey 's foreign minister said Tuesday that his government is " not happy " with the U.S. response to Israel 's raid on an aid flotilla carrying humanitarian goods bound for blockaded Gaza .
" We expect full solidarity from the United States , " Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu said before a meeting with U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton .
" We are not happy with the U.S. statement from yesterday . "
Davutoglu called on the United States to condemn the attack , express solidarity with the families of the victims and exert pressure on Israel to free prisoners taken during the raid .
" Israel thinks it 's above the law , " Davutoglu said .
He warned that if some countries choose to follow the " rule of the jungle ... we know what to do . "
President Obama has expressed " deep regret " at the deaths caused by the incident and also " expressed the importance of learning all the facts and circumstances around this morning 's tragic events as soon as possible , " the White House said Monday .
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu canceled a scheduled meeting with Obama this week to return to Israel to manage the crisis .
Turkey 's ambassador to the United States , Namik Tan , called the U.S. response " sort of weak . "
It is not clear how many people died in Monday 's pre-dawn raid .
Israel put the number at nine but did not release the names of those who died .
The Free Gaza Movement , one of the groups that organized the convoy of six ships , said the fatalities numbered higher but did not offer an exact number .
Israel has said that several hundred activists seized during the raid have been transported to Beer Sheva prison in southern Israel .
Forty - five have been released and were either deported or on their way to Ben Gurion International Airport in Tel Aviv .
Those who remain detained have refused to identify themselves to Israeli immigration authorities , an Israeli Prison Authority spokesman said .
None has been placed under arrest , he said .
The Israeli attack has sparked protests in several countries and brought condemnation worldwide .
Davutoglu said Tuesday that for Turks , the attack is psychologically " like 9/11 . "
Turkey is historically Israel 's closest Muslim ally in the Middle East .
The Freedom Flotilla was organized by the Free Gaza Movement , a Cyprus - based human rights group , and the pro-Palestinian Turkish organization Insani Yardim Vakfi .
The flotilla of six ships -- three passenger and three cargo vessels -- left Cyprus on Sunday , carrying more than 10,000 tons of aid and about 600 passengers from more than 20 countries , the movement said .
Activists said they wanted to raise awareness of " the illegal siege of Gaza " by Israel , which instituted a blockade on Gaza in 2007 .
CNN 's Alan Silverleib contributed to this report .
Fellow Lexingtonian atheist BrentH is a new friend of mine , and he has already left a number of funny and / or insightful comments on this blog .
But some of his best stuff has come in private emails to me .
So I ’m going to give him credit for most of the ideas that follow .
I agree with them , though , so if you think they ’re ridiculous , do n’t hesitate to attack either one of us .
( Like I have to encourage you , right ? )
Brent can always say “ fuck you ” and leave the thread if you get too nasty .
Or boring .
I ’m sorta stuck here – this being my old Kentucky ( yikes ! )
Homesite – disproving by counter - example the myth of Southern gentility .
So bring it on , you clowns .
( At least , I ’m guessing that you ’re clowns .
As you ’ll soon see . )
Brent and I have been discussing the kinds of people who become atheists after having been raised in various specific religions .
He grew up in a moderately Catholic home .
I grew up in a household headed by a religiously indifferent mother and a loud - mouthed atheist father , but my neighborhood was heavily Jewish .
We noticed – through the filters of our own experiences – that in this country , ex-Catholics and former Jews do not usually seem to go through months and months , even years and years , of torturous angst after breaking free from their particular superstitions .
We wondered why those groups were different from most Protestants , particularly , say , Southern Baptists , Pentecostals , Charismatics , and all those other Fundamentalist types .
Some of those poor folks struggle agonizingly when they come to realize that they no longer believe .
My original thesis was this :
For both of those groups , Catholics and Jews , regardless of how devout they are , the family at home is still the primary social unit .
( That ’s not always a good thing , as anyone with a Jewish mother can tell you . )
For many Protestants , however , particularly those whose sects lean strongly in the Fundy direction , the church itself becomes the primary social unit .
So , obviously , “ leaving the faith ” has tremendous interpersonal ramifications for those people , far stronger than it does for theists whose houses of worship are not life - encompassing .
Brent had a more profound hypothesis , which I ’ll call “ The Humor Theory of Atheism ” ( or HTA , for short ) .
It may be easier , he said , for Catholics and Jews to “ slide from being devout / observant ” into atheism because both those groups have a tradition of comedy and humor .
He noted that his family often mocked and satirized one another .
That certainly was also true in my house , where it was difficult to survive a meal if you did n’t have a healthy streak of wiseguy , as well as a strong stomach .
We ’re not talking about redneck guffaws here .
Although Brent did n’t specifically say this , I think he meant that humor was used in his home as it was in mine , as a kind of intellectual challenge .
You had to be alert , you had to be quick , and you had to be clever .
Even the most innocent dinner - table pronouncements were always scrutinized for maximum comic effect .
In my kitchen , we sat there shoveling my mother ’s inedible food as we listened carefully to what one another said .
All the while , our minds worked overtime to find an absurd connection , a weird association , a hilarious logical meander , or just a perfectly appropriate goofy face .
We always knew that whatever we said was going to be examined , and we likewise dissected the statements of the others .
We were under the impression that we were merely making jokes , but really , we were thinking critically .
Brent also pointed out that both Catholics and Jews tend to be found mostly in urban environments , places that are “ edgy , irreverent , and even blasphemous . ”
Big cities are incubators for skepticism , particularly of the sardonically witty variety .
What I learned to do at home , I did everywhere I went ; and I ’m guessing , from our short acquaintance , that he did , too .
Most of the funniest people I know are freethinkers , regardless of whether or not they ’re out - and - out heathens .
The kind of humor I ’ve described is definitely not limited to only Catholics and Jews .
But perhaps it comes a little more naturally for them because of their long traditions of derision , sarcasm , and even self - deprecation .
In any case , whoever its practitioners are , humor is often an entry into critical thinking .
Does that always result in atheism ?
Obviously , not .
But without the ability and the desire to think critically , it may be impossible to break the mental chains forged by childhood indoctrination .
This is still a thesis in progress .
So I ’m asking : Do you agree or disagree with the following propositions ?
(1) People raised as Catholics or Jews generally have an easier time acknowledging their freedom from faith than do those brought up in many other traditions .
(2) Humor is a very effective pathway to atheism .
Any ( critical ) thoughts ?
Law Office of Thomas G. Tripp is a respected criminal defense law firm representing clients in driving under the influence ( DUI ) cases , drug charges , first - time offenses , and sealing and expungements .
For 30 years , we have successfully served clients in St. Petersburg , Clearwater and throughout Pinellas County in Florida .
If you have been accused of DUI or drug possession , or if you want to clear a charge stemming from a foolish juvenile mistake , Law Office of Thomas G. Tripp has the skills and experience to take your case and win .
A seasoned litigator , attorney Thomas G. Tripp is committed to getting results for his clients , whom he sees as good people in bad situations .
He is well - known and respected for his criminal defense work , earning the AV ® Preeminent ™ Peer Review Rated by Martindale - Hubbell® for his high ethical standards and professional ability .
You can expect the following from an engagement with Law Offices of Thomas G. Tripp :
Criminal defense experience —
For 30 years , we have fought vigorously to clear our clients of the charges they face .
We have a track record of getting results , drawing on our long criminal law experience and extensive file of case histories to identify winning strategies for our clients .
— For 30 years , we have fought vigorously to clear our clients of the charges they face .
We have a track record of getting results , drawing on our long criminal law experience and extensive file of case histories to identify winning strategies for our clients .
Superior client service —
At The Law Office of Thomas G. Tripp , you receive personal attention throughout your case .
We are responsive and accessible , returning calls and answering questions promptly .
We see our clients as people who have made mistakes and deserve another chance .
We build a relationship with you as we build your case .
We speak Spanish to accommodate our non-English speaking clients .
— At The Law Office of Thomas G. Tripp , you receive personal attention throughout your case .
We are responsive and accessible , returning calls and answering questions promptly .
We see our clients as people who have made mistakes and deserve another chance .
We build a relationship with you as we build your case .
We speak Spanish to accommodate our non-English speaking clients .
Seasoned litigation skills —
More than 75 percent of our practice is devoted to litigation .
Our reputation for polished performance in the courtroom benefits our clients , whether or not they end up in court .
Our track record of success in litigation adds to our power to mediate a solution if that is the best path for our client .
Law Offices of Thomas G. Tripp handles DUI , drug charges , first - time offenses , and sealing and expungements :
“ The Emerging Hispanic Electorate : The Young Giant Awakens , ” a survey of 1,500 Hispanics , ages 16 to 29 , has just been released by Democracia , and contains both good and bad news for big and little “ d , ” democratic politics .
The bad news is the study reaffirmed a long - standing trend among young voters , including Latinos — they tend not to vote .
In the 2008 presidential election , for instance , there were more than 3.5 million eligible young Hispanic voters but just under 1.4 million ( about 39 % ) , cast a ballot .
Considering that young people overwhelmingly voted for Barack Obama ( 66 % ) , a larger turnout in this age group would have greatly increased the president ’s overall numbers .
Roughly half of young Hispanic voters — those 18 to 24 years old — were not even registered to vote in 2008 .
The good news is the potential for this generation of Latinos to have a huge impact on politics .
For the next two decades , every year , half a million Latinos will turn 18 , which the study says could make them “ one of the nation ’s most powerful and reliably progressive voting ” block .
How does 500,000 new voters every year figure into the bigger picture ?
Although the United States has a voting age population of about 230 million people , voter turnout has been below 60 % for decades — even the historic 2008 presidential election only drew 57 % to the polls .
For mid-term elections , turnout hovers at around 37 percent or approximately 80 million people .
Therefore , shifts in numbers of eligible voters can have a major impact on politics .
When they register to vote , these young Latinos do so in the Democratic Party by a 4 to 1 ratio .
Sixty - two percent choose the Democratic Party and only 16 % Republican , while 22 % say they are independent .
Opinions on policy issues are clearly in the Democratic camp .
Young Latinos strongly favor the public sector , with 63 % saying that , “ government does a better job than people give it credit for , ” and 66 % say “ government should create jobs rather than leaving it to the free market . ”
In an era of economic crisis and sharp struggles at the federal , state and municipal levels over whether government should provide services and create jobs , clearly these voters have a role to play in determining the direction of the country .
Answers to other questions in the survey show the challenges that political movements face when it comes to winning support among young Latinos .
For instance , when it comes to identifying their political bent , 45 % say they do n’t know , 30 % call themselves liberal , 13 % pick “ moderate , “ and 12 % consider themselves conservative .
And these young people still believe strongly in the attainability of the American dream – 91 % say no matter how poor you start out , you can make it if you try .
Another interesting study of attitudes towards environmental issues was released in April by the National Latino Coalition on Climate Change and the Commission to Engage African Americans on Climate Change , a project of the Joint Center for Political and Economic Studies .
This study shows that overwhelming majorities of Latino voters ( in Florida , 80 % ; Nevada , 67 % ; Colorado , 58 % ) say they are more likely to vote for a U.S. Senate candidate that supports proposals for fighting global warming .
Big majorities of Latino voters in those three states consider global warming very or somewhat serious , and three out of four say Congress should take action now .
Over 8 out of 10 voters in each state reject the idea that fighting global warming will hurt the American economy .
Other polls have documented the preference for Democratic candidates and policy positions among Latinos , who had not long ago been considered a “ semi- swing group ” of voters .
For example , one study found 68 percent of Latinos approve of the job President Obama is doing , as compared with 48 percent overall and 38 percent of whites .
The “ Giant Awakens ” study of young Latinos put that approval rating at 73 % .
Views of the Republican Party are negative and sinking .
In one poll , the GOP is viewed favorably by only 22 % , and on specific questions , the difference is even sharper .
Latinos believe Democrats would do a better job than Republicans in protecting the interests of minorities ( 58 percent to 11 percent ) , in representing the opportunity to move up the economic ladder ( 46 percent - to 20 percent ) , in dealing with immigration ( 37 percent to 12 percent ) , and in promoting strong moral values ( 33 percent - 23 percent ) .
Photo : TriciaWang/CC
If you 're anything like me , you 're probably sitting in your solid gold yacht right now , drinking champagne with diamonds for ice cubes .
As you stare at a pile of seventy million dollars , you 're just wracking your brain to figure out how you 're going to spend all of that stupid excess cash .
Well , wrack no more , my disgustingly rich friend !
There are plenty of ways to rid yourself of that annoying extra money .
Here are 7 of the most expensive toys money can buy :
A Submarine
Triton 1000 Luxury Submersible
$ 1,690,000
Do you want everyone to think you 're poor ?
Because that 's what they 'll think if they see you cruising around in a boat .
These days , real rich people cruise around in personal submarines , and anyone who tells you otherwise is either a poor person or a boat salesman .
U.S. Submarines ' Triton 1000 is a 2 - man submarine , designed specifically to be deployed from your huge mega - yacht .
It 's air conditioned , joystick controlled , and it has leather seats to distinguish it from crappier luxury personal submarines .
A Jetpack
Tecnologia Aerospacial Mexicana 's Rocket Belt
$ 250,000
I know what you 're thinking : a jetpack from Mexico ?
The only things that come from Mexico are drugs and fireworks .
Not so !
Mexico also makes some of the fastest jetpacks in the world .
Case in point : the Rocket Belt can reach speeds of nearly 10 miles per hour !
With each rocket belt purchase , the company also provides complimentary training sessions , a machine to manufacture your own rocket fuel , and 24/7 support – so you 'll never have to wait until business hours to fly around in your jetpack again .
A Hover -Chair
Hover IT 's Hovering Lounge Chair
$ 13,366
When you 're rich , you can afford to do things that other people can't do , like harness the power of magnetism .
People have been using magnets for a long time , but it was n't until recently that Hover IT put magnetism to good use … by using it to create a levitating lounge chair !
However , you have to provide your own cushions , because this thirteen thousand dollar chair does n't come with them .
A Crystal - Powered Laptop Computer
Luvaglio's Luxury Notebook
$ 1,000,000
This luxury laptop comes equipped with a 17 ″ monitor and a Blue - Ray drive .
Other than being plated in gold and encased in expensive wood , there 's only one key difference between this $ 1 million dollar laptop and a six hundred dollar Sony Viao : this one is powered by a crystal .
Okay , it 's not technically " powered " by a crystal , but it requires the insertion of a very rare colored diamond that serves as the computer 's power button , making it more than worth the $ 1 million price tag , right ?
An Amphibious RV
Terra Wind's Hydra Spyder
$ 185,000
The biggest problem with RVs is that you can't just drive them straight into a lake .
That 's why the folks at Terra Wind took it upon themselves to provide rich people with a semi-aquatic RV .
Now the wealthy can drive wherever the hell they want , just as God intended .
This amphibious RV is custom built for each customer and loaded with all the features and amenities you 'd find in either an RV or a boat .
Sure , it looks ridiculous driving around in the water , but that 's a small price to pay for not having to use roads ever again .
An Electric Sports Car
Venturi Fetish Sports Electric Vehicle
$ 660,000
For rich people , normal sports cars are boring .
The wealthy want something different and unique , so they 'll feel good about wasting tons of money .
That 's basically the only reason that Venturi created an electric sports car that costs over half a million dollars .
It drives just like a normal sports car , boasting 250 hp under the hood and a top speed of 160 m ph .
The difference is that you 'll never spend a dime on gas .
It recharges completely in under 3 hours , so as long as you 're speeding toward a place that has power outlets , you 'll be fine .
A Bathtub
DI Vapor's Cosmo B- DV003 Bathtub
$ 7,000
After looking at a picture of this bathtub , you 'll instantly find every other bathtub on earth to be completely inadequate .
This baby 's packed to the brim with a 17 ″ TV , 23 jets , a hand shower , and a function that automatically shuts down and drains the tub to prevent you from drowning .
That 's right : this bathtub will save your life .
Can you say that about the crappy two hundred dollar tub that came with your rented studio apartment ?
I do n't think so .
Last time I was interviewed for BBC Radio London , the presenter asked if soya foods were safe , then fell about laughing saying he did n't want to grow man -boobs .
I 've been asked if soya is safe for babies , can it interfere with the thyroid , does it contribute to deforestation , some people even think it may cause cancer …
Soya is the great divider ; you 're either for it , or against it .
Is this humble pulse really such a demon bean , or is the anti-soya brigade using scare stories and pseudo science to further their own agenda ?
If you look carefully , most anti-soya stories can be traced back to one single group in the US called the Weston A Price Foundation ( WAPF ) .
WAPF claims to be dedicated to promoting good nutrition by restoring nutrient - dense animal products to the diet – particularly unpasteurised " raw " whole milk .
It claims that saturated animal fat is essential for good health and that animal fat intake and high cholesterol levels have no link with heart disease or cancer .
They say that vegetarians have lower life expectancy than meat - eaters , and that historically humans have always eaten large amounts of animal fat .
All this , of course , contradicts all the leading health advisory bodies in the world , including the World Health Organisation , American Dietetic Association and the British Medical Association .
This US - based fringe organisation is bent on citing scientifically flawed studies to promote their own agenda and has influenced a vast number of consumers , duping them into thinking of soya as some sort of dietary pariah .
The soya story dates back to New Zealand in the early 1990s , when a successful lawyer , Richard James , a millionaire on a mission , approached toxicologist Mike Fitzpatrick and asked him to investigate what was killing his expensive parrots ( very Monty Python , I know ) .
Anyway , Fitzpatrick agreed it was soya and has since campaigned vigorously against it as a food for humans –nonsense , since people have been eating soya for 3,000 years .
I have been interviewed for Radio New Zealand with Mike Fitzpatrick who campaigns against soya there .
He was so aggressive they could n't broadcast the interview .
Fitzpatrick is a supporter of WAPF ( actually an honorary board member ) .
Another of the organisation 's supporters is a man called Dr Stephen Byrnes , who published an article in the Ecologist magazine claiming that vegetarianism is unhealthy and is destroying the environment .
He boasted of his high animal fat diet and robust health – and , unfortunately , died of a stroke at 42 .
There were more than 40 scientific inaccuracies in the said article , including the direct misquoting of scientific studies .
Incidentally , the editor of the Ecologist , Zac Goldsmith , is also an honorary board member of the WAPF .
Another of the organisation 's supporters , Kaayla Daniel PhD , sits on the board of directors and has written an entire book attacking soya ( The Whole Soy Story ) .
Curiously , this group appears to spend more time attacking soya than promoting the foods they say we should be eating ( unpasteurised " raw " milk , cream , cheese , eggs , liver , etc ) .
One of the concerns raised about soya is that the phytoestrogens ( plant hormones ) found in soya foods may disrupt sexual development and affect fertility .
If there was any evidence for this in humans at all , the UK government would have banned soya infant formula or at least issued health warnings .
Even after commissioning a 440 - page investigation into the safety of soya – they have not issued such warnings because there was no evidence for any harmful effect .
The 2003 Department of Health 's committee on toxicity report acknowledged that there was no evidence that people who regularly eat high quantities of soya , such as the Chinese and Japanese , have altered sexual development or impaired fertility .
It should be remembered that China is the world 's most populous nation , with over 1.3 billion citizens , and who have been consuming soya for over 3,000 years .
In reality , there is no scientific evidence that the consumption of soya is harmful to humans .
The majority of what the WAPF says is anecdotal , untrue or based on scientifically flawed animal experiments .
First , phytoestrogens behave differently in different species , so animal studies are not applicable to humans .
Second , the intestines act as a barrier to phytoestrogens , so artificially boosting levels in animals by injection has no relevance .
Finally , many of these experiments have exposed animals to phytoestrogens at levels many , many times higher than those absorbed by people eating soya .
More and more scientists and doctors are acknowledging that the results of animal experiments should not form the basis of a public health policy .
Dr Kenneth Setchell , professor of paediatrics at Cincinnati Children 's Hospital , states that mice , rats and monkeys all metabolise soya isoflavones differently from humans and that the only appropriate model for examining human reproductive development is the human infant .
About 25 % of infants in the US are fed soya formula .
Many of them are now well into their late 30s and early 40s .
The absence of any reported ill - effects would suggest there are none , either biological or clinical .
In fact , soya beans contain a wide range of valuable nutrients and are an excellent source of protein .
Evidence shows that soya protein lowers cholesterol and protects against cardiovascular disease .
Soya foods protect against diabetes , menopausal hot flushes and certain cancers .
There is good evidence that eating soya foods in adolescence and as an adult lowers the risk of breast cancer .
Recent evidence showed that this protective effect of soya also applies to women who have been diagnosed with breast cancer .
Soya foods may also help boost bone health and cognitive ability in some people .
The number of peer - reviewed scientific studies reporting the beneficial health effects of soya continues to grow .
As a last resort , the soya detractors have attempted to condemn soya by citing the environmental impact soya farming is having on the Amazonian rain forest .
They are quite right to be concerned , but people eating soya is not the problem ; 80 % of the world 's soya production is fed to livestock so that people can eat meat and dairy foods .
Both the rain forests and our health would benefit tremendously if more people switched from animal - based foods to a more plant - based diet , including soya .
The next time you hear some daft story about soya wreaking havoc on human health or the environment , ask where the evidence is .
Online fans of the Taliban , beware : A website of the Islamic Emirate may have been hacked .
Abu al - Aina ’a al - Khorasani , an administrator an elite jihadi forum endorsed by the Taliban , warns in an online post that the " group 's main site and the site of its online journal Al - Sumud , have been the subject of an ' infiltration operation . ' "
Khorasani's post on Fallujah forum warns online jihadis " to not enter any of the links that concern these websites , and not even to surf [ the content ] until you receive the confirmed news by your brothers , Allah - willing . "
As readers of the Taliban 's websites know , outages are fairly regular .
But a confirmed infiltration may be something new , says Flashpoint Partners ' Evan Kohlmann , who 's been tracking internet extremists for years .
" The official Afghan Taliban website has , of course , routinely been knocked offline and disabled by cybervigilantes and other culprits , but this would be the first instance that I 'm aware of it being actually ' infiltrated , ' " Kohlmann said .
" It 's an unsettling prospect for security - minded online jihadists , because such sites can be manipulated by a variety of hostile parties in order to harvest a breathtaking amount of personal data on regular visitors . "
Indeed , in early April , Danger Room snagged a picture used to vandalize the Taliban 's main website , which featured scenes of some of the more notorious acts of brutality perpetrated by the Afghan militant group ( pictured above ) .
While authorship of the apparent attack is as yet undetermined , it 's worth noting that the Defense Department stated its intention in the Spring of 2009 to begin shutting down extremist media outlets in Afghanistan and Pakistan .
Photo : ' Voice of Jihad '
See Also :
In his speech today , Ken Clarke said this :
" Sentencing should not be based on cost , but on principles of retribution , reflection of public anger and the effective prevention of further crime . "
He then went on to say something slightly different :
" I believe in intelligent sentencing , which will seek to give better value for money and the effective protection that people want . "
While the former includes the notion of punishment , the latter does not .
It is a contradiction that goes to the heart of much public concern about prison and sentencing policy .
The British public seems convinced that prison works , not necessarily on a strict cost - benefit analysis , but as a practical demonstration of how criminals should be treated .
A poll by Ipsos MORI a few years ago found that 57 % of Brits were opposed to putting fewer criminals behind bars and 74 % wanted more prisons .
When asked more recently about how to save money in the criminal justice system , the most popular answer for 38 % of people was to cut education programmes in jails .
This is pretty much the exact opposite of what the government is intending .
Ken Clarke 's argument is that what the tax - paying public really want is " reduced reoffending , fewer victims and value for money " .
Researchers from the international consultancy Matrix Knowledge recently did some number - crunching to estimate the cost - effectiveness of alternatives to prison .
Some of the results are startling .
They calculated that sending a heroin - addicted offender for residential treatment rather than jail makes them 43 % less likely to reoffend - saving the taxpayer in the long term an estimated £ 88,000 .
The figures rise to almost £ 203,000 if you include an estimate of the savings from having fewer potential victims .
Using a surveillance programme like the current intensive supervision programme is likely to lead to 31 % less reoffending - saving between £ 57,000 and £ 130,000 .
Curiously , using surveillance as well as non-residential drug treatment is less cost effective than surveillance alone , it appears .
Still an improvement on prison when it comes to re-offending , but only 14 % better with savings of £ 41,000 up to £ 61,000 .
However , community sentences for tagged juvenile offenders make them just 3 % less likely to reoffend , saving only £ 3,000 against the cost of locking them up .
The researchers also looked at the impact of programmes in prison .
Treating a sex offender behind bars saves £ 35,000 to £ 130,000 .
Drug treatment in jail saves £ 31,000 to £ 115,000 .
But psychological therapy , they calculated , saves just £ 400 up to £ 17,000 .
If you are Justice Secretary Ken Clarke trying to save 25 % of your budget , these are just the kind of numbers you want to read .
But when I looked at the formula Matrix Knowledge used to calculate effectiveness , I noted that there was something missing .
Nowhere in the arithmetic is there a value for punishment , for retribution , for what Mr Clarke calls the " reflection of public anger " .
It would be difficult but I think it would be worth trying to do the calculation because only then can the public get a true sense of the " price of punishment " .
Wow !
FedEx just dropped off my iPhone 4 just a few moments ago ... Activation was snappy and smooth .
Impressively cool !
FYI ; As of last night before bed , my delivery date was still the 24th , even after I received the email from Apple about a possibly delivery on the 23rd .
Some additional videos on my site and I am uploading a video to youtube as I type . *
Updated to add more images *
Added quite a bit more pics at my blog , link above .
Tennessee Titans quarterback Chris Simms was busted early this morning in the West Village driving high on marijuana with his 8 - months pregnant wife in the passenger seat , The Post has learned .
Simms and his wife Danielle , both 29 of Nashville , were stopped as Simms drove their 2009 Mercedes Benz through an NYPD Manhattan South Task Force checkpoint on W. Houston Street at about 1:05 a.m. , according to a source .
“ I was smoking marijuana in the car earlier , ” Simms told cops , prosecutor Lauren Perry said during Simms ’ arraignment this afternoon in Manhattan Criminal Court .
Simms — who has a 4 - year - old daughter — reeked of marijuana and had red eyes , a flushed face and slurred speech , sources told The Post .
“ He was muttering , ” a source said .
Simms was arrested and charged with operating a motor vehicle while impaired by marijuana .
The misdemeanor charge carries a maximum fine of $ 1,000 and up to one year in jail .
No drugs were found on Simms or in the car , and his wife , Danielle , was allowed to drive off in the Mercedes .
“ My client never admitted to smoking marijuana that night .
He said he was smoking cigarettes that night , ” said Simms ’ attorney , Nathan Semmel , who revealed that two other unnamed passengers were in the car at some point during the evening .
“ The DA should investigate whether those two individuals were responsible for the marijuana odor . ”
But police sources insisted to The Post that only Simms and his wife were in the car .
Simms — wearing a pale blue , rumpled Oxford shirt and baggy jeans — turned down a prosecution deal to plead guilty , pay a $ 500 fine , serve three days community service and have his license revoked for six months .
“ Witnesses will also corroborate that he never smoked marijuana in the car that day .
It is absurd to think . . . he would ever drive in any condition intoxicated while his wife was eight months pregnant , ” said Semmel .
“ There is nothing in his record whatsoever that suggests he would be that reckless . ”
Following his appearance , Simms rejoined his anxiously waiting wife in the audience .
She could be seen hugging him , smiling at him and affectionately rubbing his arm .
“ There ’s nothing I ’d like to say , ” Simms told reporters .
“ I think [ the court proceeding ] speaks for itself . ”
“ It ’s very weak , ” he added , referring to the prosecution ’s case against him .
Simms is due back in court on Aug. 23 .
“ We are aware of the reports and are in the process of gathering more information , ” said Robbie Bohren , team director of media relations , when asked about Simms ’ arrest .
“ It endangers all of us , ” said police Commissioner Ray Kelly .
“ Driving under the influence of alcohol , driving under the influence of drugs .
If you ’re going to go some place by yourself and hurt yourself thats one thing .
When you put the rest of the public at risk , that ’s another thing and that ’s our business .
That ’s where we intervene . ”
Simms is the son of former 1987 Super Bowl MVP Phil Simms and graduated from Ramapo High School in Franklin Lakes , N.J. , where he was a standout quarterback twice named an All - State honoree .
He went on to play college ball for the Longhorns at the University of Texas in Austin .
Professionally , he has also played for the Denver Broncos and the Tampa Bay Buccaneers .
He has struggled to regain starter status since rupturing his spleen while playing for Tampa in 2006 .
In April , he signed a one - year contract with the Titans , where he formerly played in 2008 .
The team finished its minicamp last week , with training camp scheduled to start July 31 .
Phil Simms is now a football analyst with CBS Sports and has a second son , Matt , who also plays .
With Larry Celona
June 9 , 2010
ALL IT took was one glance at the headline of the Pew Research Center poll released last month - -" Broad Approval for New Arizona Immigration Law " -- and the mainstream media had a new storyline ever since about the state 's latest anti-immigrant attack .
Sure , SB 1070 enshrined racial profiling into state law .
Taken together with Arizona 's ban on ethnic studies programs , yes , it did seem like a throwback to the era of Jim Crow segregation .
But what does that matter as long as SB 1070 is " broadly " popular ?
The " American people " are okay with racism .
End of story .
It 's up to opponents of anti-immigrant bigotry to make sure that is n't the end of the story .
The survey results from Pew and other pollsters do reflect broad public sentiment in favor of immigration law enforcement .
But there are a lot of contradictions in that sentiment if you examine what people actually tell the pollsters .
And more importantly , supporters of immigrant rights have the opportunity to reshape the supposed consensus on this issue -- but only if we organize an energetic campaign to counter the anti-immigrant lies and make our case to a wider audience .
Marching against Arizona 's racist law SB 1070 in San Francisco ( Josh On | SW )
THE PEW
Center poll may have surprised supporters of immigrant rights , especially coming in the wake of the immediate activist response to Arizona 's racist law .
According to the survey , 59 percent of people nationally approved of SB 1070 .
Only 32 percent disapproved .
Nearly three in four respondents agreed with the core provision of the law - - requiring people to have documents verifying their immigration status when asked by a law enforcement official acting on " reasonable suspicion . "
These findings are similar to other polls , both specifically about SB 1070 and on the question of enforcement .
But a closer look at the results undermines the media conclusion that people in the U.S. " broadly " support the policies pushed by the anti-immigrant right .
For one thing , there 's a substantial generation gap in attitudes about the Arizona law and immigration policy generally , with people under 30 opposing SB 1070 in greater numbers .
And , of course , Latinos , who have the most experience with the consequences of anti-immigrant criminalization and discrimination , oppose SB 1070 by a strong majority .
The polarization is particularly sharp in Arizona as a result of the interplay of these two factors .
According to William Frey of the Brookings Institution , Arizona has the country 's largest " cultural generation gap " -- between older Americans who are mostly white ( 83 percent ) and children under 18 who are increasingly members of minorities ( 57 percent ) .
What 's more , among people who say they support SB 1070 , the picture is more mixed than the headlines let on .
Numerous surveys show that only a small minority - - roughly one in five Americans -- agrees with the right wing 's preferred " solution " of criminalization and deportation of the 12 million undocumented people in the U.S .
By contrast , an overwhelming majority of people say they would like to see national immigration reform legislation , including a " path to citizenship " for the undocumented - - a proposal that the anti-immigrant right rejects outright .
For example , in an America 's Voice Education Fund poll , five out of six people who said they support SB 1070 also said they back comprehensive reform .
Obviously , there 's a contradiction in this .
The harsh enforcement mechanisms that many people say they support alongside " reform " are the prelude to the criminalization and deportation policies they say they oppose .
Immigration crackdowns are not only a violation of basic human rights , but they undermine the possibility of a genuine " path to legalization . "
The reason these contradictory ideas can coexist in many people 's heads is because the right wing has been able dominate and disorient the debate on immigration in national politics .
The right 's hysteria about a " crisis of illegal immigration " today is opportunistic .
In reality , there were more undocumented immigrants coming into the U.S. five years ago and getting low - wage jobs .
The debate has sharpened today because the Great Recession opened the way for the right to package its bigotry in a campaign of scapegoating immigrants for the crisis .
The small minority of people opposed to immigrant rights in any form has an influence far beyond its small size because , first of all , it gets outsized access to the media -- but also because the right wing makes its case without qualifications or hedging .
On the other hand , genuine champions of immigrant rights -- people who would make the case for legalization without punitive enforcement policies -- are n't actually represented in the national debate .
Instead , the " left " end of the mainstream political spectrum is occupied by the Democrats , who have given ground to the right at every step .
Consider how Barack Obama and his administration responded to the passage of SB 1070 .
When it was signed by Gov. Jan Brewer at the end of April , Obama criticized the law for undermining " basic notions of fairness . "
Administration officials promised that the Justice Department would consider taking federal action against it , which could lead to a court injunction before SB 1070 goes into effect at the end of July .
At the same time , however , Obama said he sympathized with what he called " frustrations " with the current immigration system that produced SB 1070 .
Standing next to Mexico's conservative President Felipe Calderón during a state visit last month , for example , Obama was the more cautious of the two , insisting that the solution to laws like SB 1070 was federal legislation with a " path to citizenship , " but also toughened enforcement and punishment for both undocumented workers and businesses that hire them .
Then , just a few days before the May 29 national day of action against SB 1070 , Obama took a page out of George W. Bush 's playbook and announced he was sending 1,200 National Guard troops to the Southwest -- the lion 's share destined for Arizona - - for a renewed border crackdown .
That was good enough for Jan Brewer .
She declared after a meeting at the White House that she and Obama were working together to tighten border security .
The effect of Obama 's qualified criticisms and actions has been to signal opposition to the letter of SB 1070 , but to confirm the claims of the law 's supporters that there is a " crisis of illegal immigration " about which the federal government can't or wo n't do anything .
MAINSTREAM IMMIGRANT rights groups have signaled their disappointment in Obama 's ramped - up enforcement and inaction on reform legislation .
These groups had greeted Obama 's victory as a signal that their voices would finally be heard in Washington .
But immigrant rights advocates , however well connected to the party establishment , are n't foremost in shaping the Democrats ' position on immigration .
Corporate America is .
Ever since the right wing 's Sensenbrenner bill -- which would have criminalized all 12 million undocumented immigrants , along with anyone who aided them - - was pushed back by the pro-immigrant mega-marches of spring 2006 , Democrats leaders have supported a series of pro-corporate immigration proposals masquerading as compassionate compromises .
The latest of these -- the bipartisan " framework " for legislation from Sens. Charles Schumer and Lindsey Graham -- is the worst yet .
It proposes a highly restrictive " path to citizenship " that ties the undocumented to employers through a guest worker program and requires them to pay fines and perform " community service , " with the threat of deportation for even minor violations of the law still hanging over them .
And that 's not to mention the sops to the right wing in the proposal - - a national biometric ID card and , inevitably , more money and personnel for border enforcement .
These proposals do n't reflect the interests of immigrants -- but they do reflect the interests of Corporate America .
U.S. businesses of all kinds depend on being able to employ immigrant workers at low wages , so they do n't want to see the anti-immigrant right succeed with its full program .
But they also depend , in order to keep those wages low , on immigrants being denied full legal rights , including the right to organize unions .
This two - faced position can be seen throughout U.S. history and the history of other counties .
All other things being equal , capitalists support the free movement across borders of every commodity but one -- human labor .
They seek to use the undocumented twice over -- as workers who can be super - exploited because they have no legal rights , and as a group that can be pitted against other workers , whether native - born or immigrants themselves , to push down the wages of everybody .
In other words , Corporate America needs an immigration system that secures its access to cheap labor , but that also continues to consign immigrants to second - class citizenship -- just what Schumer - Graham does .
And this is what passes in national politics for the " liberal " position on immigration .
As a consequence , the case for legalization without punishing the undocumented and without tighter border controls never gets heard .
The contradictory public sentiment on immigration is the product of a national political debate that is taking place not between left and right , but between the center and a bigoted right - wing fringe .
THE ANSWER to polls that show public sentiment against equality for immigrants -- however shallow and mixed that sentiment may be -- ca n't be to wait for the Democrats to take a stand or do the right thing .
Democratic Party politicians are , by nature , cowards .
They hate taking a controversial position that might lose them votes .
Compromise and concession are second nature to them -- which is why the Democrats are uniquely qualified to serve Corporate America on an issue where it needs to steer between the fanatics of the right and the legitimate demands of immigrants .
It 's up to immigrants themselves and everyone who supports social justice to take that stand , loud and proud .
We need to apply pressure from below to counter the relentless pressure on politicians from above .
Our movement needs to become a pole of attraction on the issue of immigration , so the debate is n't between the center and the right , but our side against theirs .
Such a movement can take heart when Obama and the Democrats feel compelled to criticize SB 1070 and even take legal action against it .
That can open space for a genuine immigrant rights position .
But we can't depend on the Democrats to follow through .
The New York Times put its finger on an important connection between civil rights struggles past and present in an editorial in support of four immigrant students who were arrested for sitting in at Sen.
John McCain 's Arizona office :
The fight for reform is stalled .
It could be simple acts of protest that ignite a fire .
Half a century ago , it was young people , at lunch counters and aboard buses across the South , who helped galvanize the movement for civil rights , and wakened more powerful elders to injustice .
One important lesson of the actions of those young people 50 years ago is that they were n't deterred by majority opinion .
As SocialistWorker.org columnist Sharon Smith pointed out , national polls in the late 1950s showed overwhelming support for the most vile elements of Jim Crow segregation .
By 1964 and 1965 , majority views had turned around 180 degrees .
" There is no doubt , " Smith concludes , " that the civil rights movement challenged and ultimately changed prevailing opinion . "
Supporters of immigrant rights are finding that they , too , can make a difference by organizing and activism .
The 50,000 - plus people who turned out in Phoenix for the May 29 demonstration against SB 1070 - - not to mention other protests around the country -- dwarfed the size of anti-immigrant events .
The spirit on the demonstrations was defiant -- and the actions marked the rejuvenation of a movement that emerged with the mass marches of 2006 that opposed anti-immigrant legislation on the federal level .
Perhaps the racist right thought it could intimidate immigrants in Arizona and beyond with harsh new laws .
But rather than cement " broad popularity , " the attacks are provoking a vigorous response .
Thus , when a Columbus , Ohio , radio station started promoting a contest to win a trip to Phoenix for " a weekend chasing aliens , " it took all of 24 hours and a campaign of phone calls to force an apology out of the station .
The next target , as the National Council of La Raza suggested , ought to be Major League Baseball Commissioner Bud Selig , to get him to move the 2011 All - Star Game out of Phoenix .
The coming months will be important ones for the movement , whether activism comes in the form of protests and marches , or boycott campaigns , or public forums in every part of the country , where people can hear the stories of immigrants themselves -- and the lies of the bigots exposed .
The Alto Arizona Web site that spearheaded the May 29 day of action against SB 1070 is promising a " Day of Non-Compliance " on July 29 , when SB 1070 is scheduled to go into effect .
And more besides :
We will make this summer a Human Rights summer everywhere .
Wherever the Diamondbacks play , protest .
Wherever there are new police / ICE collaborations , push back .
Wherever Arizona companies do business , boycott .
Wherever there is injustice , we must shut it down .
The key to turning the tide against the anti-immigrant bigots is what our side does to counter the lies and stand up for justice .
Every four years , a new official soccer ball is designed for and used during World Cup matches .
And every four years , players criticize the new ball .
" It 's a little sad that the World Cup has ball of such poor quality , " Iker Casillas of Spain , one of the top keepers in the world , told Spanish reporters after being scored upon in a match .
Other players have called its flight weird and unpredictable .
But this time around , the athletes have science on their side .
Researchers in Japan were the first to independently test the ball 's flight characteristics in wind tunnels , finding evidence that the new ball does in fact fly more erratically than the 2006 " Teamgeist " ball .
Their data suggests it may not always provide the " exceptionally stable flight " that Adidas claims .
Some Balls Like It Rough
The new " Jabulani " ball -- released by Adidas last December in South Africa and in regular use since the beginning of the 2010 Major League Soccer season in March -- is not a traditional black - and - white ball of 32 flat pentagon and octagon panels stitched together .
The Jabulani is made of eight spherically - molded panels bonded together without stitches .
Tested in computer simulations , wind tunnels , and on the pitch by Adidas personnel at a facility in Germany and by researchers at the University of Loughborough in the United Kingdom , the ball is , according to Adidas , " perfectly round " to within less than one hundredth of an inch .
English player Frank Lampard , who is sponsored by Adidas , described it as " a very strong ball , true to hit . "
But some other sports engineers who have taken a look at the ball are inclined to agree with the goalkeepers .
Its surface , they said , seems suspiciously smooth -- despite grooves added by the designers that encircle the ball .
" It seems like the aerodynamic characteristics of Jabulani come near that of a smooth sphere , " said Takeshi Asai , a sports engineer who tested the new ball at the University of Tsukuba in Japan .
It sounds counterintuitive , but rougher balls tend to be more stable when flying through the air .
" If you had a golf ball without dimples , you could n't drive it 100 yards , " said John Eric Goff of the University of Virginia in Charlottesville .
" If a baseball did n't have stitches , you 'd never hit a home run . "
That 's because roughness on a surface creates turbulence around a ball moving at high speeds -- eddies of air that cling to and stabilize it .
When a ball slows down to a critical speed , the airflow becomes smooth or " laminar " as the streamlines become parallel .
This switch from turbulent to laminar flow , which roughness helps to counteract , causes the ball to change velocity ; it 's a nightmare for goalies and helps kickers bend one into the back of the net .
Decades of research have shown that the smallest variations in the surface can have a big effect .
In 2008 , Goff found that sharper faces on a traditional soccer ball help to trip the air flow to turbulent at lower speeds .
Even the width of grooves on the surface of the ball has been shown to change the airflow .
Smooth Moves
The design of the ball may actually help it to fly farther at fast speeds , according to wind tunnel tests conducted by Kazuya Seo of Yamagata University in Japan , whose research was supported by the sports equipment manufacturer Molten USA .
When kicked at 45 - 70 mph -- typical speeds achieved by professional players -- the ball feels less drag than previous balls and actually flies a few meters father .
But his tests also showed that as the ball slows , its behavior becomes more like that of a smooth sphere than previous World Cup balls .
At just under 45 mph , turbulent flow becomes laminar and the ball suddenly feels heavy drag forces that put on the brakes .
" The fullback who wants to head the ball will have to wait more , " said Seo .
" The player who is familiar with the [ 2006 ]
Geist might lose his / her timing . "
Asai found another potential issue with the Jabulani in the wind tunnels : its spin .
Spinning balls -- like a curveball in baseball -- experience a sideward force noticed 300 years ago by Isaac Newton , who said that one side of tennis ball seems to " beat the contiguous air more vigorously than the other . "
This is now called the Magnus effect , and it happens because a spinning ball generates a pressure on one side is greater than on the other .
According to Asai 's measurement , this sideways force on the Jabulani fluctuates more than the forces on the 2006 World Cup ball , which could cause it to bend in unpredictable ways and help to explain the reactions from goalkeepers .
Considering all of the other variables involved in the World Cup -- from pitches at high altitudes to inconsistent player performances -- it 's unclear whether these differences in the ball in this are extreme enough to affect the final scores .
In the end , said Tim Chartier , a mathematician at Davidson College near Charlotte , N.C. , putting out a new ball is a bit like Microsoft testing a new version of Windows in the field after months of laboratory debugging .
" World Cup soccer players will kick the ball again and again and again , " said Cartier .
" They 'll find the unseen bugs . "
Provided by Inside Science News Service
Salinas police
SALINAS , Calif . —
A California couple faces child endangerment charges after police say they tried to sell their 6 - month - old baby for $ 25 outside a Walmart store .
Salinas police spokesman Officer Lalo Villegas said on Thursday that Patrick Fousek , 38 , and Samantha Tomasini , 20 , were arrested early Wednesday , hours after Fousek allegedly approached two women outside Walmart and asked if they 'd like to purchase his child .
The act requires a decision by the Nuclear Regulatory Commission on the merits of the construction permit , added the board .
“ Unless Congress directs otherwise , DOE may not single - handedly derail the legislated decisionmaking process by withdrawing the Application , ” said the board .
The three - member licensing board ruled on June 29 that the Nuclear Waste Policy
Act of 1982 does not give the Energy secretary the discretion to substitute his policy for the one established by Congress in the act .
The Obama Administration announced last year it would pursue other alternatives to the delay - plagued Yucca Mountain repository .
In March of this year , DOE formally moved to withdraw its application to construct the facility by filing the request with the atomic licensing board .
" The normal process is board decisions may be appealed to the full commission , " explained Jay Silberg , partner in the energy practice of Pillsbury Winthrop Shaw Pittman .
" The commission did n't wait for anyone to file an appeal .
It issued an order saying , ' File your briefs and here are the dates . ' "
Litigation over Yucca Mountain as a nuclear waste disposal site continued its roller - coaster ride this week when the Atomic Safety and Licensing Board rejected the Department of Energy 's move to stop the Nevada project , and , a day later , the Nuclear Regulatory Commission ordered an appeal to itself .
The board ’s frustration with the entire process was obvious in its ruling , which opened in the following way :
“ The Commission has variously described the adjudicatory portion of the proceeding on the application of the Department of Energy ( DOE ) for authorization to construct a national high - level nuclear waste repository at Yucca Mountain , Nevada , as ' unusual , ' ' extensive , ' and ' unique . '
Ensuring that these labels remain current and valid , we now have before us DOE ’s motion to withdraw with prejudice its 17 - volume , 8600 - page construction authorization application , an application submitted just a little over 24 months ago , but over two decades in the making and undergirded by millions of pages of studies , reports , and related materials at a reported cost of over 10 billion dollars .
" Conceding that the Application is not flawed nor the site unsafe , the Secretary of Energy seeks to withdraw the Application with prejudice as a ' matter of policy ' because the Nevada site ' is not a workable option . ’ ”
The board explained that the purpose and “ detailed ” structure of the nuclear waste act made it “ illogical ” to allow the Energy secretary to withdraw the licensing application before the NRC made a “ merits - based ” decision on the construction permit .
“ Did Congress , which so carefully preserved ultimate control over the multi-stage process that it crafted , intend — without ever saying so — that DOE could unilaterally withdraw the Application and prevent the NRC from considering it ? ” asked the board .
“ We think not .
When Congress selected the Yucca Mountain site over Nevada ’s objection in 2002 , it reinforced the expectation in the 1982 Act that the project would be removed from the political process and that the NRC would complete an evaluation of the technical merits . ”
The state of Nevada , joined by Clark County , Nev. , the Joint Timbisha Shoshone Tribal Group , and the Native Community Action Council , supported DOE ’s motion to withdraw its application with prejudice .
The NRC staff argued for withdrawal without prejudice .
The state of California also backed DOE ’s motion .
Opposing DOE ’s motion were the Nuclear Energy Institute , for which Silberg is co-counsel ; six Nevada counties ; the Florida Public Service Commission ; the state of South Carolina and Aiken County , S.C. , and the National Association of Regulatory Utility Commissioners .
The NRC ’s order on June 30 set out a short briefing schedule over the next two weeks .
There is parallel litigation ongoing in the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit by many of the same parties opposing shutdown of the Yucca Mountain project in the NRC administrative process .
After the NRC rules in the administrative case , an appeal of that decision may be taken to the D.C. Circuit .
“ I think Yucca Mountain is still very much in play , ” said Silberg .
“ The licensing board decision was really quite strong and the commission is going to have to deal with that . ”
A DOE spokesperson said in a statement , “ The Department remains confident that we have the legal authority to withdraw the application for the Yucca Mountain repository .
We believe the administrative board ’s decision is wrong and anticipate that the Nuclear Regulatory Commission will reverse that decision . ”
Meanwhile in the Federal Circuit , money damages against the federal government for breaching contracts with nuclear utilities for disposal of nuclear waste continue to mount .
Jerry Stouck of Greenberg Traurig , a leading lawyer in those suits , said damage awards — as of yet uncollected — now total more than $ 1 billion .
The E3 CG trailer for Assassin ’s Creed : Brotherhood was nothing short of stunning , but in - game footage is what actually counts .
Ubisoft has released a seven minute walkthrough gameplay video of the game in action .
Assassin ’s Creed : Brotherhood takes place right after the events of AC 2 with Ezio now older , wiser and leader of the Assassin order .
According to the walkthrough , Assassin ’s Creed : Brotherhood is all set to up the ante with epic relentless gameplay moments , allowing players to ride horses inside cities , offer new gadgets , new ways to get around the city and new moves to eliminate multiple enemies .
Check out the full walkthrough released by Ubisoft for Assassin ’s Creed : Brotherhood below
Or take the Deepwater Horizon disaster itself , which was preceded by so many instances of corner - cutting and poor decision - making that an accident was practically preordained .
Drilling one of the deepest wells in history , the project used only one strand of steel casing , when it should have used at least two .
Halliburton recommended that BP use 21 “ centralizers , ” which help ensure that the well does n’t veer off course as it goes deeper into the earth , but the company used just a half - dozen .
BP failed to conduct a crucial test to make sure that the cement holding the well at the bottom of the sea was sturdy enough .
Image
In March 2005 , firefighters worked to put out a fire after an explosion at a BP refinery in Texas City , Tex. Credit ... Brett Coomer / Houston Chronicle , via Associated Press
And the engineers for BP on board consistently ran roughshod over subcontractors like Halliburton , who openly worried that BP was making decisions that could have catastrophic consequences .
“ This is how it ’s going to be , ” one BP engineer reportedly said , overruling a contractor on the critical question of when to replace the drilling mud  which keeps explosive natural gas from flowing out of the well  with seawater .
What makes this all the more shocking is that BP was drilling what ’s called a wildcat well , meaning it was drilling in an area that no other company had drilled before , so it had no knowledge of the conditions .
For most oil companies , that would be all the more reason to take extra precautions .
Yet BP did just the opposite .
Listening to Mr. Hayward ’s responses on Thursday only reinforced the feeling that the company still did n’t understand what it took to instill a culture of safety .
He kept saying that the blowout preventer was supposed to be a fail - safe mechanism that would keep the well from raging out of control .
But other companies know that it is far too dangerous to depend on the blowout preventer alone and they build in additional safeguards , so that a problem can be dealt with long before the blowout preventer is needed .
Asked about the lack of that important cement bonding test , Mr. Hayward blithely replied that he was n’t a cement engineer so he could n’t make a judgment about the decision .
Most telling of all , Mr. Hayward consistently denied knowing of any problems on the rig .
As far as he knew everything was fine  until it was n’t .
But drilling a well offshore , miles into the earth , is one of the most dangerous activities in the world .
Most companies will shut down a well at the first sign of serious trouble and kick the decision - making up to top management .
The price of making a big mistake is simply too high .
If Exxon Mobil had been running the Deepwater Horizon well , it is implausible that Mr. Tillerson would not have been informed of the problems .
And he would also have had to approve any fix .
That Mr. Hayward and his top deputies knew nothing about the problems on the Deepwater Horizon well is , by itself , a serious act of negligence .
Changing a company ’s culture is always hard , no doubt about it .
And it is especially hard for a company like BP , which has had such enormous success these last few years , reaping $ 14 billion in profits last year alone .
For such companies , it often requires a crisis to change .
Microsoft changed after its antitrust trial a decade ago .
Tyco International changed after its chief executive , Dennis Kozlowski , went to jail .
And chances are , BP is now going to change , too .
A Senate panel asked the Securities and Exchange Commission 's inspector general to review the agency 's " revolving door , " which shuttles many SEC staffers into jobs with the companies they once regulated .
In a letter sent Monday , Sen. Charles Grassley ( R. , Iowa ) , the ranking minority member on the Senate Finance Committee , asked David Kotz , the inspector general , to review the recent departure of a top official in the SEC's Division of Trading and Markets who took a job with a prominent high - frequency trading firm .
That ...
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Alistair Darling has conceded that if Labour is re-elected public spending cuts will be " tougher and deeper " than those implemented by Margaret Thatcher .
Asked in a BBC interview to spell out how far - reaching future cuts could be , Mr Darling did not reject a comparison with measures taken in the early 1980s .
The Tories have said they would cut spending more quickly than Labour .
Shadow chancellor George Osborne said the comments had " blown apart " Labour 's claims that it could " go on spending " .
Experts say Mr Darling has postponed the major decisions on departmental spending , and what is widely expected to be substantial cuts in many areas , to a spending review expected in the autumn .
There may be things that we do n't do , that we cut in the future
Alistair Darling
The chancellor warned in his Budget speech that this review would be the " toughest in decades " .
Asked by the BBC's Political Editor Nick Robinson to accept the Treasury 's own figures suggest deeper , tougher cuts than those implemented by the Thatcher government in the 1980s , Mr Darling replied : " They will be deeper and tougher - where we make the precise comparison , I think , is secondary to the fact that there is an acknowledgement that these reductions will be tough " .
He added : " There may be things that we do n't do , that we cut in the future .
We will have to decide what precisely we can do within the [ spending ] envelope I set . "
" What is non-negotiable is that borrowing is coming down by half over a four - year period . "
' Not too soon '
Asked whether the cuts would be deeper than under Margaret Thatcher on BBC One 's Question Time , Chief Secretary to the Treasury Liam Byrne said : " Yes , they will be .
" But we will do it in a way that protects our priorities and we will do one thing first which is we will not cut public spending too soon , before our economy is back on its feet , growing again . "
The Institute for Fiscal Studies , an independent think tank , has noted that total public spending increased by an average of 1.1 % a year in real terms over the Thatcher era , at a time when inflation was higher than it is today .
This is almost three times the increase of 0.4 % a year that Mr Darling has pencilled in for the next Parliament .
Gordon Brown is basing his election campaign on the claim that Labour can go on spending .
That is completely blown apart by Alistair Darling 's admission
George Osborne
Shadow chancellor
The IFS went on to observe that " if we subtract spending on welfare and debt interest then we estimate that the rest of public spending would be cut in real terms by an average of 1.4 % a year compared to an average increase of 0.7 % in the Thatcher era .
We have not seen five years with an average annual real cut as big as this since the mid-1970s " .
Shadow chancellor George Osborne said : " Gordon Brown is basing his election campaign on the claim that Labour can go on spending .
That is completely blown apart by Alistair Darling 's admission , under pressure , that Labour 's own Budget numbers imply deep cuts . "
" But why did n't he admit that yesterday ?
Twenty - four hours on , this empty Budget has completely unravelled and Labour 's failure to act will hit families hard . "
Mr Osborne said the Conservatives would set out further details of how they would cut Britain 's deficit at a faster rate than Labour before the general election , adding that they would place more emphasis on spending cuts than tax rises .
Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg said the government was being " utterly dishonest " .
" Yesterday we had a Budget in complete denial about the difficult decisions ahead .
Today AD frightens people up and down the country by saying the cuts are going to be even worse than under Margaret Thatcher . "
In his Budget speech , Mr Darling said Labour had been " right about the recovery " and urged voters not to put it at risk by deserting the party .
He told the BBC that he believed the Budget speech would provide a " very good foundation on which to build " as Labour attempt to seek a fourth term in government .
If the Conservatives win power at the election they have said they would introduce an " emergency " Budget within 50 days , which would overturn many of Mr Darling 's policies .
Britain 's budget deficit remains at a record high but it is £ 11bn lower than the £ 178bn forecast by Mr Darling in his pre-Budget report thanks to better than expected tax receipts over the past three months .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A group of MIT researchers has demonstrated a method of network topology that could render the Internet 100 or even 1,000 times faster than it is today .
The " magic " behind the concept is to eliminate or reduce the most time - intensive part of data transmission , which involves converting an optical signal into an electrical signal for memory storage .
Memory storage is required whenever multiple optical signals arrive at the same router at the same time , requiring said router to convert and store the extra signals coming in until they can be properly processed .
MIT professor Vincent Chan 's concept of " flow switching " obviates the need to convert and store data by converting high - traffic corridors into unidirectional pathways .
In other words , a dedicated pathway between two big nodes in New York City and Los Angeles would send optical signals in only one direction , preventing multiple signals from arriving from different directions at once .
This research has been ongoing for the past 20 years , with findings from new computer modeling of flow switching networks showing a potential 100 - to 1,000 - fold speed increase as well as significant power savings .
Implementing the plan would be costly , requiring the replacement of large numbers of routers with new , optical - only models .
Still , with the advent and growing popularity of bandwidth - intensive applications like high - definition video streaming , moving to a flow switching network might start to make financial sense for Internet service providers and tech companies .
[ img credit : Tecfre ]
Dekar
The Dekar free font is an applicable san serif typeface for any type of graphic design – web , print , motion graphics etc and perfect for t- shirts and other items like posters , logos .
You can easily make Dekar Bold .
The Dekar typeface is a beautiful display fonts example .
2 Dekar FREE fonts available :
Dekar Light , Dekar Regular .
Get a custom typeface design for your brand .
Explore other free font download .
into the Gulf of Mexico is a stark reminder that the United States ' reliance on liquid fuel has consequences .
A substantial portion of this fuel powers vehicles :
In 2008 , 97 percent of energy consumed for transportation in the U.S. was supplied by liquid fuel — much of which was made from oil imported from foreign countries .
Photosynthetic plant and algae - derived biofuels are additional sources of fuel ( think ethanol and biodiesel ) but today 's technologies are less than 1 percent efficient at converting sunlight into energy we can use .
Organisms use several other ways besides photosynthesis to convert carbon dioxide into energy , but so far these have remained relatively unexplored for their biofuel potential .
Recently , the Department of Energy 's ( DOE ) Advanced Research Projects Agency - Energy ( ARPA -E ) awarded $ 40 million dollars to 13 projects researching alternative approaches to making fuel out of existing and synthetic organisms .
Each grant will last three years .
The programs explore options for coaxing organisms to make energy - dense liquid fuel , including the design of metabolic pathways not found in nature .
In theory , these approaches " could be 10 times more efficient " than the technologies used today to produce liquid biofuel , according to ARPA - E's website .
Here 's a look at the big money being invested on a variety of projects .
Official Name : Engineering E. coli as an Electrofuels Chassis for Iso - octane Production
Lead Organization : Ginkgo BioWorks
Organism : E. coli
Project Goal : Engineer E. coli to convert carbon dioxide and electrical energy into ingredients for iso - octane , a fuel that can be applied to existing fuel infrastructure for U.S. transportation .
Official Name : Novel Biological Conversion of Hydrogen and Carbon Dioxide Directly into biodiesel
Lead Organization : OPX Biotechnologies Inc .
Organism : Cupriavidus necator
Project Goal : Develop a new , genetically engineered micro-organism that can produce biodiesel from hydrogen and carbon dioxide .
Official Name : Engineering a Bacterial Reverse Fuel Cell
Lead Organization : Harvard Medical School–Wyss Institute
Organism : N / A
Project Goal : Engineer a bacterium that can absorb electrical current and turn it into octanol .
Official Name : Electro - Autotrophic Synthesis of Higher Alcohols
Lead Organization : University of California–Los Angeles
Organism : N / A
Project Goal : Genetically engineer micro-organisms to use electricity instead of sunlight to make a high - octane gasoline substitute .
Official Name : Bioconversion of Carbon Dioxide to Biofuels by Facultatively Autotrophic Hydrogen Bacteria
Lead Organization : Ohio State University
Organism : Hydrogen Bacteria
Project Goals : Develop genetically modified bacteria that use carbon dioxide , oxygen and hydrogen to produce butanol .
Also , build an industrially scalable bioreactor and a new way to recover butanol from the reactor .
Official Name : Development of an Integrated Microbial - ElectroCatalytic ( MEC ) System for Liquid Biofuel Production from CO 2 Lead Organization : Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory
Organism : Ralstonia eutropha
Project Goals : Develop a combined microbial and electrochemical catalytic system that converts hydrogen and carbon dioxide into butanol , and find a chemical method to convert butanol into jet fuel .
Official Name : Bioprocess and Microbe Engineering for Total Carbon Utilization in Biofuel Production
Lead Organization : Massachusetts Institute of Technology
Organism : Anaerobic and aerobic microbes .
Project Goal : Develop a process that will use an anaerobic — able to live without Oxygen — microbe to produce an organic compound that a second aerobic microbe can convert to oil that can be used to make biodiesel .
Official Name : Hydrogen - Dependent Conversion of Carbon Dioxide to Liquid Electrofuels by Extremely Thermophilic Archaea
Lead Organization : North Carolina State University
Organism : Archaea
Project Goal : Using microbes that live in extremely high - temperature environments , develop a new process that converts carbon dioxide into biofuel precursors .
Official Name : Electroalcoholgenesis : Bioelectrochemical Reduction of CO 2 to Butanol
Lead Organization : Medical University of South Carolina
Organism : N / A
Project Goal : Develop an electrolysis cell that will employ microbes that can use electricity to convert carbon dioxide into ethanol and butanol .
Official Name : Engineering Ralstonia eutropha for Production of Isobutanol ( IBT ) Motor Fuel From Carbon Dioxide , Hydrogen & Oxygen
Lead Organization : Massachusetts Institute of Technology
Organism : Ralstonia eutropha
Project Goal : Engineer Ralstonia eutropha to make butanol .
Official Name : Development of Rhodobacter as a Versatile Microbial Platform for Fuels Production
Lead Organization : Penn State University
Organism : Rhodobacter
Project Goal : Insert genes from oil - producing algae into Rhodobacter , a hydrogen - consuming bacteria , so it can use electricity to make gasoline .
Official Name : Electrofuels via Direct Electron Transfer from Electrodes to Microbes
Lead Organization : University of Massachusetts –Amherst
Organism :
N/ A
Project Goal : Increase efficiency of microorganisms that are already capable of making biofuel .
Official Name :
Biofuels from CO 2 Using Ammonia -Oxidizing Bacteria in a Reverse Microbial Fuel Cell
Lead Organization : Columbia University
Organism : N. europaea
Project Goal : Genetically modify N. europaea to use ammonia to make butanol .
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
Research News
Measuring the Intersection of Two Worlds
How " spooky " quantum mechanical laws may affect everyday objects
Alex Rimberg ( left ) and Miles Blencowe publish their findings in the journal Nature .
June 30 , 2010
In a study published in the July 1 issue of the journal Nature , Dartmouth researchers describe one example of the microscopic quantum world influencing -- even dominating , they say -- the behavior of something in the macroscopic classical world .
" One major question in physics has to do with the connection between the microscopic and macroscopic worlds , " said Alex Rimberg , associate professor of physics at Dartmouth College .
In the microscopic world , tiny sub-atomic particles such as photons and electrons , obey the sometimes bizarre laws of quantum mechanics .
Meanwhile objects in the macroscopic world , generally anything visible with the naked eye , conform to the laws of classical physics discovered by Newton in the 17th century .
But a little more than 300 years after Newton , Einstein proved that light consists of tiny " packets " of energy , called quanta .
This discovery marked the beginning of quantum theory , though it took decades of further work by several great scientific minds to finally settle on the modern theory of quantum mechanics .
One of the strangest laws of quantum mechanics is the Uncertainty Principle , first noted by German physicist and Nobel Laureate Werner Heisenberg in 1927 .
Heisenberg realized that when trying to locate a fast - moving particle , such as an electron , it was impossible to pin down both its position and its momentum at the same time .
" To do a measurement , an experiment has to interact with whatever is being measured , " explained Rimberg .
" But interaction means ultimately that you must exert a force on what you 're measuring .
If you 're trying to measure the position of an object , any measurement will make the object move in an unpredictable and random way .
This tendency to randomly affect what you are measuring is called " backaction . "
Einstein could never accept this idea -- that the act of measurement changes the object being measured -- on philosophical grounds , and fought it until his dying breath .
But the uncertainty principle is now known to be true for all quantum - level interactions .
What is not yet known is how the quantum and classical worlds relate .
" What we do n't understand , really , is how classical behavior emerges from quantum behavior as systems become larger and larger , " Rimberg said .
" We also do n't really understand how large an influence quantum mechanics can have on the classical world we live in . "
Making it real
Rimberg and colleague Miles Blencowe , both supported by grants from the National Science Foundation ( NSF ) , have now led a team of researchers in demonstrating quantum mechanical events affecting the classical world .
The scientists did n't start out to accomplish any such thing , according to Rimberg .
Instead , they were trying to measure fast changes in charge at nanometer scales .
To do this , they first created tiny semiconductor crystals , similar to a computer chip , each about 3 millimeters ( about 1/10 of an inch ) across .
They deposited gold electrical gates running over the crystal , leaving a tiny break of only about a few hundred micrometers in the middle of the chip .
This break is called a " quantum point contact , " or QPC .
By hooking the chip up to an electrical circuit , electrons flow through metal contacts until they hit the QPC .
And that 's where they started to see one of quantum mechanics ' quirks .
" You can think of the QPC as a tunnel barrier , sort of a wall for electrons , " Rimberg explained .
" When the wall is sufficiently high , the electrons do not have enough energy to go over it .
If electrons were classical objects , that would be the end of the story .
But since electrons obey the laws of quantum mechanics , instead of going over the barrier they can also " quantum tunnel " through it . "
Thus , when a stream of electrons in an electrical current approaches the QPC , each electron in the stream randomly " chooses " to reflect backward off the barrier or go through it .
" This random process introduces noise into the electrical current , caused by random fluctuations in the number of electrons going through at any time , " said Rimberg .
" Because this noise is generated quantum mechanically , it is sometimes referred to as quantum noise . "
Measuring quantum noise
For this experiment , the scientists used semiconductor crystals made of gallium arsenide , which happen to exhibit a property called piezoelectricity .
The term " piezoelectric " means that an electrical current traveling through the crystal causes a mechanical or physical movement of the crystal itself , similar to the way a sponge expands when water hits it .
Piezoelectric crystals are sometimes called resonators , because they can resonate , or vibrate , in reaction to electrical signals .
These resonators can move in different ways - stretching or bending , depending on the frequency of the signal and the shape of the crystal .
" The three - dimensional vibration of a resonator crystal is exactly like the vibration you get if you strike a tuning fork , or run a wet finger about the rim of a wine glass , " Rimberg explained .
" The glass ( or tuning fork ) starts to hum with a musical note ; that 's because there is a particular kind of vibrational pattern , determined by its geometry , that the atoms in the wine glass collectively take part in . "
In the same way , the electrons bouncing off the QPC " wall " apply a random " backaction " force to the crystal , Rimberg said .
In this case , the backaction force just happened to vibrate the crystal at one of its favorite frequencies .
When the researchers measured the electrical current versus frequency and found strong peaks indicating that the backaction was creating a feedback loop , it took them by surprise .
" Neither I nor anyone else anticipated the spectral features that show the samples are vibrating , " Rimberg said .
" It took us quite a bit of time and effort to convince ourselves that it was a real effect , and yet more time and effort to figure out what it was . "
Uncertainty in action
" In our case , the current running through the QPC gives information about the position of the semiconducting crystal that the QPC lives in , " Blencowe said .
" But because of the quantum noise in the current , at any given time there are random fluctuations in the number of electrons ( on the order of 10,000 or so ) on either side of the QPC . "
And because these electrons have an electrical charge , they exert a piezoelectric force on the crystal , making it move .
" The remarkable thing is that only 10,000 or so electrons are able to make all 1020 ( 100 quintillion ) atoms in the crystal move at once , " said Blencowe .
" The difference in size between the two parts of the system is really extreme , " Blencowe explained .
" To give a sense of perspective , imagine that the 10,000 electrons correspond to something small but macroscopic , like a flea .
To complete the analogy , the crystal would have to be the size of Mt. Everest .
If we imagine the flea jumping on Mt. Everest to make it move , then the resulting vibrations would be on the order of meters ! "
" Our work is a direct example of the microscopic quantum world influencing , and even dominating the behavior of something in the macroscopic classical world , " Rimberg said .
" The motion of the semiconducting crystal is not dominated by something classical like thermal motion , but instead by the random quantum fluctuations in the number of tunneling electrons . "
And in this case , Rimberg pointed out , the macroscopic world also influences the quantum world , because the crystal 's vibrations cause the electrons to tunnel in large bunches .
In future research the team could take several possible directions .
" First , we will actually use the QPC for charge detection , as we had intended to all along , " Rimberg said .
" Second , we 'll continue to look at questions regarding the quantum - classical transition , but with resonators that are smaller than these crystals -- things that are in the murky borderland between the much better understood quantum and classical regimes . "
This borderland is sometimes known as the " mesoscopic " scale .
" The study of these kinds of systems advances fundamental knowledge and also addresses some very practical questions , including : What are the fundamental limits of measurement ?
And what is the most sensitive measurement device that can be made ? " said Daryl Hess , a program manager in NSF 's Division of Materials Research .
" Questions of this kind become more pressing as our science and technology shrink to ever smaller scales with the vision of devices , electronic and mechanical , that are perhaps only a few atoms in one or more dimensions , " added Hess .
" At these scales , devices could show some aspects that appear squarely in the world of quantum mechanics and others that appear to be squarely in the world of classical mechanics . "
Media questions on this research can be directed to Maria Zacharias at NSF at mzachari@nsf.gov , or Sue Knapp at Dartmouth at sue.knapp@dartmouth.edu .
--
Holly Martin
An optical micrograph of one of the samples measured by the research team is shown here .
Credit and Larger Version
Investigators
Miles Blencowe
Alexander Rimberg
Related Institutions / Organizations
Dartmouth College
Locations
New Hampshire
Related Programs
Condensed Matter Physics
Condensed Matter and Materials Theory
Related Awards
# 0804477 Theory of Quantum Electromechanical Systems
# 0804488 Quantum Noise and Backaction in Semi - and Superconducting Nanostructures
Total Grants
$ 914,000
SMALL investors are often portrayed as the “ dumb money ” in markets , doomed to buy just before a crash and fatally drawn into buying fashionable sectors like technology funds in the late 1990s .
But are wealthy and institutional investors really any better ?
A new study * by researchers at the European School of Management and Technology examines how investors allocated money to hedge funds from 1994 to 2004 .
This process ought to be highly sophisticated .
After all , hedge - fund investors tend to fall into three categories : rich individuals , who usually take advice from private banks ; institutions , such as pension funds and endowments , which often employ investment consultants ; and funds of funds , which market themselves on their expertise .
Hedge - fund selection is an extremely complex business .
At the industry 's peak in 2007 there were almost 10,000 funds operating in a myriad of different styles .
Potential clients need to examine the background of the managers , the level of safeguards ( independent valuers , for example ) and the likely return characteristics of each fund 's investment approach .
However , when the academics examined why investors ploughed money into different types of hedge fund , one reason stood out : recent performance .
Funds that had performed well in the previous three quarters attracted significantly more money .
Each 1 % of extra performance attracted around $ 9 m of new assets .
Such a return - chasing approach might be justified if investors were rightly anticipating that a short - term improvement in the returns of a particular hedge fund indicated a long - term shift in favour of its style .
But the study finds that “ there are no significant differences in subsequent performance between those styles favoured by investors and those less favoured . ”
What explains this selection failure ?
It may be that hedge - fund styles are so opaque that investors are forced to rely simply on recent returns .
But it may also be that investors are more careless about choosing hedge funds than they should be .
Some professional investors put money with feeder funds linked to Bernie Madoff , for example , even though statistical analysis suggested his performance record was implausibly smooth .
Some of this faulty decision - making may also reflect the underlying rationale of hedge - fund investments .
Take pension funds .
For decades they used their bargaining power to force down the fees they paid to conventional , active fund managers .
So it seems rather odd that they should have signed up for hedge funds which charge annual management fees of 2 % plus 20 % of any returns .
James Montier of GMO , an asset - management firm , argues that pension schemes have been pushed into the hedge - fund world by weak past ( and likely future ) returns from traditional asset classes .
If valuations return to the mean , a benchmark portfolio split 60 / 40 between equities and government bonds will return just 4.5 % annually over the next seven years .
That is not enough to pay for pension promises , so funds decided to follow the example of Yale University , whose endowment diversified into hedge funds and private equity in the 1980s .
Alas , like the supposedly dumb small investor , the pension funds ended up chasing past performance .
The flood of money into private equity caused more competition in the world of buy - outs , with the result that deals were done at higher valuations .
Those higher valuations have duly led to lower returns .
Another rationale for the move into alternative assets ( as hedge funds and private equity are known ) is that returns are uncorrelated with those on other assets .
But Mr Montier points out that the correlation of returns from different hedge - fund styles ( which invest in a wide range of assets , from corporate bonds through to equities ) has risen from around 0.3 in 1993 to 0.8 in 2009 .
Given that 1 would represent perfect correlation , that implies most hedge - fund styles are rising and falling in near - unison .
As Mr Montier remarks : “ It would appear as if all the hedge funds are doing exactly the same thing — riding momentum or selling volatility . ”
It is all reminiscent of the “ search for yield ” in the past decade , which saw investors ignore risk as they piled into structured products linked to subprime mortgages .
This chase for higher returns may not prove quite so disastrous .
But it is more likely to reward hedge - fund managers than their clients .
*“ Style Investing : Evidence from Hedge Fund Investors ” , by Guillermo Baquero and Marno Verbeek .
Economist.com/blogs/buttonwood
No one was killed in Richmond in June 2010 .
Going back to at least 1980 , Richmond has only had three months without any homicides .
Each of these quiet months has come in the last 8 months , and 2 of them have come in 2010 .
Murder in Richmond , VA 1971 - 2009
Until 2008 , 1981 had seen the fewest killings in Richmond since 1971 ( with a count of 51 ) .
The number started rising in the mid-1980s and jumped to 100 in 1988 .
The yearly toll stayed over 100 for 10 straight years , hitting 161 in 1994 and 140 in 1997 .
The count dipped back into the 70s , jumped towards 100 in 2004 , and has fallen dramatically the past 3 years .
The historic low of 36 was achieved in 2008 , with 2009 close behind with 41 .
This drop has given Richmond something previously unseen : the month without any homicides .
In the first 28 years for which there is monthly data available , there was not a month in Richmond without someone being killed .
Last year ( 2009 ) , with 41 killings , saw no homicides in November – the first month since at least 1980 with no killings .
Since then , Richmond has also had the quiet months of February 2010 and June 2010 .
After going 28 + years without a break , the city has seen no murders in 3 of the last 8 months .
In the past 366 months , only 3 have passed without a killing , and all 3 have come in the last 8 months .
On the way to a devastating body count of 161 , 1994 saw 2 months with over 20 killings , and only one month in the single digits .
The violence peaked in August 1994 when 25 killings left someone dead almost every day of that month .
There were more people killed in July and August of 1994 than in all of 2008 .
There were more murders that April than in the first 6 months of 2010 .
There were more murders that year than in 2007 , 2008 , 2009 , and the 1st half of 2010 combined .
It was rough , to say the least .
So far in 2010 , Richmond has seen 19 murders ( 6 of which have come in the East End ) .
This is the best start to a year for the 30 years that monthly records are available — ahead even each of the last 2 record - low years at this date , and a whopping 59 better than 1994′s count of 79 at the end of June .
READ THE REST AND JOIN THE DISCUSSION AT CHURCH HILL’S PEOPLE NEWS
No one was killed in Richmond in June 2010 .
Going back to at least 1980 , Richmond has only had three months without any homicides .
Each of these quiet months has come in the last 8 months , and 2 of them have come in 2010 .
Murder in Richmond , VA 1971 - 2009
Until 2008 , 1981 had seen the fewest killings in Richmond since 1971 ( with a count of 51 ) .
The number started rising in the mid-1980s and jumped to 100 in 1988 .
The yearly toll stayed over 100 for 10 straight years , hitting 161 in 1994 and 140 in 1997 .
The count dipped back into the 70s , jumped towards 100 in 2004 , and has fallen dramatically the past 3 years .
The historic low of 36 was achieved in 2008 , with 2009 close behind with 41 .
This drop has given Richmond something previously unseen : the month without any homicides .
In the first 28 years for which there is monthly data available , there was not a month in Richmond without someone being killed .
Last year ( 2009 ) , with 41 killings , saw no homicides in November – the first month since at least 1980 with no killings .
Since then , Richmond has also had the quiet months of February 2010 and June 2010 .
After going 28 + years without a break , the city has seen no murders in 3 of the last 8 months .
In the past 366 months , only 3 have passed without a killing , and all 3 have come in the last 8 months .
On the way to a devastating body count of 161 , 1994 saw 2 months with over 20 killings , and only one month in the single digits .
The violence peaked in August 1994 when 25 killings left someone dead almost every day of that month .
There were more people killed in July and August of 1994 than in all of 2008 .
There were more murders that April than in the first 6 months of 2010 .
There were more murders that year than in 2007 , 2008 , 2009 , and the 1st half of 2010 combined .
It was rough , to say the least .
So far in 2010 , Richmond has seen 19 murders ( 6 of which have come in the East End ) .
This is the best start to a year for the 30 years that monthly records are available — ahead even each of the last 2 record - low years at this date , and a whopping 59 better than 1994′s count of 79 at the end of June .
READ THE REST AND JOIN THE DISCUSSION AT CHURCH HILL’S PEOPLE NEWS
Today , Kingston has unveiled a new generation of memory cards at the Computex 2010 .
It is the new 64G SDXC ( Secure Digital eXtended Capacity ) Class 10 Memory Card which is an improvement over the earlier SDA ( Secure Digital Association ) for SD cards .
These new memory cards will feature storage capacities ranging from 32 GB up to 2TB .
In addition to the improved storage capacities the new SDXC cards will also be capable of faster data transfer rates reaching a maximum read speed of up to 60 MB / sec and the write speed going up to 35 MD / sec which currently is the fastest transfer speed available for memory cards .
Sadly , the SDXC cards utilize the exFAT file system and wo n’t be backwards compatible with SDHC or SD cards .
Camera and camcorder manufactures such as Panasonic and Canon are already working on designing their upcoming devices to include SDXC slots .
Currently , very few devices compatible with SDXC cards are available but more are expected soon .
Other than cameras , SDXC cards have also plans to provide additional storage capabilities to HDTVs , Bluray players , mobile phones , computers and navigation devices .
Although , this is a very brilliant technology we may have to wait for some more time before this gets mainstream .
The Kingston 64GB SDXC UHS - 1 Class 10 will be available worldwide by the end of June this year .
A very nice support features are that these cards will have a lifetime warranty and free tech support
The Dark Knight is an expert example of building an active story around
Theme , one of the main dramatic elements in the “ Basic Story Map . ”
Download the FULL STORY MAP FOR THE DARK KNIGHT Here .
( Note :
The most recently revised map and complete analysis of The Dark Knight is in the E- Book : STORY MAPS : The Films of Christopher Nolan . )
In a movie , especially a superhero action thriller , there must be HIGH STAKES with SERIOUS CONSEQUENCES .
Life or death .
Loyalty or betrayal .
Love or Duty .
In The Dark Knight , the screenwriters wisely push the story to the extremes of the conflict .
To find those extremes , they began with Bruce Wayne / Batman ’s character and mythology and used those elements to push him into an impossible situation .
Here are three “ essential truths ” of Bruce Wayne / Batman :
Bruce Wayne has sworn to protect the people of Gotham City .
Bruce ’s alter - ego Batman is the only thing that can protect them .
Bruce ’s one rule is not to kill .
The screenwriters will push Bruce into a position where he has only two options :
Give up his identity as Batman and turn himself in to the authorities , or Kill The Joker .
In other words : an impossible choice .
This is what great drama is built upon .
The glue that holds it together is Theme .
The Theme of The Dark Knight is “ Desperation pushes men to act in self - destructive and chaotic ways . ”
The writers use theme to create Bruce ’s actions and the trials that he will face in his fight to achieve his goal .
This is why I call it the “ controlling ” theme , because it can be used to essentially control a character ’s actions and dialogue and guide the plot of your story .
It maintains your crucial “ story focus ” that holds a Reader ’s attention .
When in doubt about where to take the plot and what to make your character do …look for the answer in your theme .
Download the FULL STORY MAP FOR THE DARK KNIGHT Here .
For revised analyses and maps of the complete Dark Knight Trilogy and Christopher Nolan ’s other films , see our E - Book :
The writers began by making a list of extreme actions ( things that Bruce Wayne would normally never do ) that would express this theme :
Bruce puts faith in a politician : District Attorney Harvey Dent .
Bruce ignores the advice of Jim Gordon , Alfred , Harvey Dent , Lucius Fox and Rachel and decides to give up his identity .
Bruce tortures a suspect in an interrogation .
Bruce steals Lucius ’ technology and uses it to infringe on the privacy of all of Gotham ’s citizens , whom he has sworn to protect with honor .
Bruce lets Batman take the fall for murder .
It then becomes the screenwriters ’ job to get Bruce into a position where he would logically ( within the heightened “ world ” of a Batman movie ) perform these actions .
Since a great script focuses on a Protagonist that drives the story with their active decisions , it ’s not hard to think that the above list of actions formed the basic spine of the plot , the signpost story beats that make up the “ Full Story Map . ”
This theme also forces other characters to take irrational action , for example :
Harvey Dent tortures a paranoid schizophrenic for information .
Jim Gordon fakes his own death , keeping the truth from his family .
And it “ controls ” the goal of the Antagonist , The Joker :
The Joker hatches an intricate terrorist plot based on fear that pushes the mob , Batman and the civilians of Gotham City to the point of desperation .
Ultimately , the screenwriters used their unique theme to construct an active story with multiple lines of action and a large ensemble of characters that fills 2 hours and 24 minutes of screen time .
It also seems likely that it was a theme relevant to the times ; the post - 9/11 “ War on Terror ” era in America and abroad .
The theme had urgency .
And it took a well - known character that we ’ve seen portrayed in several films into new dramatic territory .
In closing , if you know what your story is about – the idea you want to explore or what you want to say – then the blank page will not seem so daunting .
Good luck and happy writing !
Dan Calvisi
P.S. For more detailed analysis and lessons from the pros , please see my Story Maps book series …
The E-Books Story Maps : How to Write a GREAT Screenplay and Story Maps : 12 Great Screenplays include Full Story Map analyses of 20 hit movies , primarily from the last decade .
These successful films are great examples of professional screenwriting in many different genres and budget levels aimed at varied audiences .
I stand by each title as a strong example of its genre and as a primer to learn the screenwriting craft at the level that you need to be : the “ submission ready ” tier that makes a good script into a GREAT script .
Australia got to the first round in their first World Cup , the second round in their second World Cup , so is a quarter - final spot the natural outcome for their third World Cup ?
Most of the world has n’t seen much of Australia since 2006 , and the positive for those who chose not to watch the Asian Group 1 qualifying section is that the side has changed little in the past four years .
Of the expected starting XI , only Hull winger Richard Garcia was not in the squad for 2006 .
The manager , however , had changed .
Guus Hiddink was worshipped in Australia for the job he did in taking them to the second round ( especially considering the unfortunate nature of their elimination ) , and also provided tactical excitement with his 3 - 3 - 3 - 1 formation that dominated possession against superior teams .
He has been replaced by a fellow Dutchman ( and Hiddink ’s former assistant at South Korea ) , Pim Verbeek .
He has got Australia playing a more pragmatic , defensive type of football , but has won supporters over with a good run of results .
Ten clean sheets in fourteen qualification games tells you what you need to know about Australia – they play a fairly conservative 4 - 2 - 3 - 1 formation that depends on the three midfield runners joining the lone striker and providing a goal threat .
The first XI
The back four sees Lucas Neill joining Craig Moore in the centre , with Scott Chipperfield on the left and Luke Wilkshire on the right – the full - backs are fairly limited footballers technically ( it would have been nice to see Brett Emerton at right - back ) but do push forward to join the midfield and stretch the play when the wingers look to link up with the striker .
The two midfielders perform slightly different jobs – Vince Grella sits in front of the defence and looks to receive short passes from the centre - backs ( who are n’t the best on the ball ) , whilst Jason Culina is more advanced , although rarely breaks into the penalty area , leaving that for the front four .
The central player is Tim Cahill , who is involved in build - up play slightly more than at Everton , where he often only appears in the penalty area on the end of moves .
He is joined by two wingers , Richard Garcia and Mark Bresciano , who strangely has just signed for Al - Nassr .
Harry Kewell is – surprise surprise – injured , but will be in the side if fit , possibly as a winger , possibly as the striker – he played both roles in qualification .
The other choice of striker is Josh Kennedy , a tall , physical but hardly prolific player who will look to hold the ball up for the midfield runners .
Goals is the problem for Australia , and up against defensive sides like Ghana and Serbia , they may struggle to find the net – Cahill ’s late runs into the penalty area will be the main threat .
The basic formation
Transition from defence to attack
Counter - attacking
The midfield
The striker
Conclusion
Another defensive - minded side in Group D – Australia will struggle for goals but should go into the final game against Serbia with a chance of progression .
Pace could catch out the back four , whilst there is limited talent on the break when Australia try and move forward from their standard defensive position .
Set - pieces may be key – Moore , Cahill and Kennedy are good in the air , whilst Neill comes forward from centre - back to offer a long throw .
Related articles on Zonal Marking :
This is the fastest electric car in the world , by a wide margin .
The Ohio State University has been developing quite a name for itself in speed racing circles with the vehicle pictured above , the hydrogen fuel cell powered electric drive Venturi Buckeye Bullet 2 .
Students from the Center for Automotive Research at Ohio State built the Buckeye 2 and in 2007 they set the fastest ever time for a hydrogen fuel cell vehicle at 300.992 mph .
The first Buckeye Bullet was powered by 10,000 C Cell batteries and set what is still the world record for a battery powered vehicle at 271.737 mph on the Bonneville salt flats back in 2004 .
A new team of students at the Ohio State Center for Automotive Research are currently working on the Buckeye Bullet 2.5 , this is set to be the fastest battery powered vehicle ever built if they manage to beat the record set by the first iteration of the university ’s unique streamliner .
It ’s great to see these records being challenged and it ’s also good to see companies like Venturi stepping in with much needed financial sponsorship .
We ’ll keep you up to date with news on future record attempts and any other interesting vehicles rolling out of the Ohio State University garage .
Things You 'll Need Paper
Pencil
Eraser
Color pencils
Markers
Crayons
Drawing a lion 's head is a creative way to express your artistic sensibilities .
Set up a picture of a lion to inspire you as you draw .
Explore different expressions your lion may make by tracing several versions of the lion onto a few separate pieces of paper .
Take each stage of the drawing one step at a time -- beginning with an outline and concluding with the color .
Display your finished work of art on a wall or as a school project to celebrate your achievement .
Draw the head outline .
Trace a large circle in the center of the paper .
Lightly sketch a long curved line down the center of the face and out the bottom of the outline -- with a slight hook to the right .
The curve should resemble the shape of a boomerang -- and acts as the vertical line that will proportion the eyes , nose and mouth .
Sketch the horizontal face guidelines .
Trace two short , horizontal lines on the upper one - third of the vertical line .
The two horizontal lines act as eye guidelines .
Drop down to the bottom of the circle and sketch a third , short horizontal line -- to mark the end of the nose .
Drop down below the circle , and trace a fourth horizontal line to act as the mouth guideline .
Draw the ears and facial features .
Trace a medium - size wobbly triangle for the left ( the drawer 's left ) ear and a large downward arc for the right ear .
Draw two dark outlined ovals for eyes .
Add dark pupils to add intensity to the look .
Sketch a downward triangle hanging off the bottom of the nose marker line .
Sketch a short vertical line down from the point of the triangle -- the tip of the nose -- and trace two downward diagonal lines -- angled out .
The three lines dropping down from the tip of the nose should resemble a peace sign .
Trace the upper and lower jaw .
Draw a wide , looping , upper jaw outline -- beginning on the right side of the face and connecting to the downward right diagonal angle off of the " peace sign . "
Bring an identical line off of the left side of the face and connect it down to the left diagonal line .
The result should resemble a large , upside down letter " M. " Draw an upward arc connecting the two M loops constituting the upper mouth .
This arc completes the lower jaw and thus the mouth .
Labor 's internet filtering policy is n't being discussed in the run-up to the election but its impact on Australia is significant .
Championed by Minister for Broadband , Communications and the Digital Economy , Senator Stephen Conroy , the $ 30 million + filter is being sold by Labor as an internet block for child pornography , bestiality and extreme pornography with ' wide ranging support from the Australian public ' and ' only minimal opposition against ' .
But after a new , lengthy investigation it transpires that virtually none of this is true .
What Australia will get from this internet filter is a framework for censorship that does n't stop " the worst of the worst " but will absolutely curtail discussion on politically incorrect topics like euthanasia , safe drug taking and graffiti while banning relatively - tame adult content .
Below we examine the filter from the point of view of the people who know most about it , Australia 's tech community , which in the past week has united in one last ditch attempt to bring Labor 's censorship policy into the open and bring its discussion into the mainstream media in the run up to the election .
Support for the filter boils down to a handful of pro-censorship lobbyists claiming to be speaking for all Australians .
The opposition is sizeable , informed and has put its detailed case into the open , backed with numerous polls and abundant technical information and show why the filter being touted simply wo n't protect anyone from child porn to virtually any degree .
The following is long , but hopefully simplifies the situation enough for mainstream media and political journalists to at least question Labor ( and the other political parties ) about and let Australian 's know that currently , " Moving Forward " under Labor brings with it censorship the like of which has n't been seen in the Western world before .
This morning , an online poll closed with 98 % of 38,000 respondents saying they would not vote for a political party that supported the internet filter .
While the ALP is unlikely to be worried by a few tens of thousands of votes , the poll is significant in that it was promoted by an unprecedented alliance of almost every major technology publication and community in the country including the Sydney Morning Herald , News.com.au , PC Authority , Australian Personal Computer , PC User , PC World , Good Gear Guide , ITnews , ITWire , Delimiter , Atomic , Gizmodo , Life Hacker and the large OCAU online community .
A version of it can be seen here .
The only two major absentees were CBS Media ( publisher of CNET and ZDNet ) and the large Whirlpool online community , both of which have run similar polls with similar results in the near past .
The result underlines the fact that Australia 's technology community is unequivocally against Senator Conroy 's internet filter .
Even if you regard this recent poll as a protest vote , with wide margins for error , it echoes the results of dozens of major previous polls before it including Whirlpool 's thorough survey in 2009 ( 23,500 + votes , 93 % against ) and SMH 's poll in May ( 69,000 , 99 % against ) .
Read anyone of the above publications , and there 's a history of rebellion against the filter .
Opposition also comes from pressure groups such as the Electronic Frontiers Foundation , GetUp !
Australia and the Australian Sex Party , organisations like Euthanasia group Exit , plus Google , Microsoft , Yahoo and Facebook .
Conroy cites support for the filter using a McNair poll commissioned by the ABC's Hungry Beast .
The poll found 80 % of respondents would be in favour of an internet filter that cut out Refused Classification ( RC ) content .
However , the poll invoked large criticism for not properly explaining what RC content was .
McNair summarised RC as being , " Images and information about one or more of the following : child sex abuse ; bestiality ; sexual violence ; gratuitous , exploitative or offensive sexual fetishes ; and detailed instructions on or promotion of crime , violence or use of illegal drugs " .
No mention was made of content being blocked for being politically incorrect .
Conroy later told Four Corners that this poll demonstrated how , " the Australian public overwhelmingly believe that Refused Classification is a reasonable classification .
They demonstrated that in a reputable poll " .
No it did n't .
But by focusing on the less contentious aspects of RC content , is it any wonder they were in favour of it ?
If the same respondents knew how much it was costing , that it would n't and could n't work along with what else was being censored , it 's likely the result would swing the other way .
In May the Safer Internet Group commissioned a poll by GA Research which discovered , as the Sydney Morning Herald put it , " That the more parents found out about the proposed filter , the less they support it " .
The problem is that almost every pro-filter poll has been presented with a question along the lines of , " Would you like a filter which blocks child porn ? " .
What it also shows is that if a major pollster like McNair can't get a handle on the filter , what hope is there for mainstream media ?
While we 're certain the whole of Australia would love a filter that banished child pornography , this is the last thing that the proposed filter will do .
The filter works by having Internet Service Providers , like BigPond , iiNet and Internode , block specific web page addresses on a blacklist .
However , it is facile to circumvent in just seconds by using completely legal services like ' proxy servers ' and ' Virtual Private Networks ' which are regularly used by corporate employees working from home .
Getting round the blacklist at the publisher 's end is simple too .
Recently , tech site , Gizmodo showed how a blocked page could effectively get off the blacklist by adding a question mark to the end of the web address thereby changing the address enough to make it different .
If that subsequent web address was then blocked then any number of meaningless combinations of letters and numbers could be added to the end of the address to avoid blocking too .
Internet Industry Association CEO
Peter Coroneos summed the situation up to ITnews , " While we support many of the Government 's efforts in the online security sphere , we are n't convinced that it [ the filter ] will have anything more than symbolic value " .
The only people who wo n't be able to readily circumvent the filter are the general public that are n't specifically looking for the blocked content in the first place .
What these people will find is that if they ever go looking for detailed information on euthanasia or safe drug taking and in some instances , mild pornography , they wo n't be able to find it without seeking help on circumventing the filter .
In addition to ease of circumvention the filter is diverting attention and resources to the wrong place .
The internet is made up of various elements : the World Wide Web 's web pages are just one part ( the shop window ) of the greater internet .
There are also vast information stores called newsgroups , plus Virtual Private Networks , chat rooms , internet messaging services and email which act like back rooms and alleyways .
This is the natural domain for criminals and the really offensive material .
If you 're going to commit a crime it 's unlikely to be in the shop window .
Those child porn sites that are on the web move around very quickly too - you can read more on this here .
Senator Conroy recently stated that , " No responsible government can sit there and do nothing if there 's 355 child abuse websites on the public internet . "
However , the ' public internet ' consists of more than one trillion individual web pages rendering any attempts at blocking all of the ' bad ' sites futile .
Hypothetically , a team of 100 censorship engineers investigating 1000 pages every day each would take over 27,000 years to investigate what 's online today , and in that time countless other pages would have appeared .
Any filter could n't ever be considered remotely complete and any public faith that the filter will in some way protect them is entirely unfounded .
Establishing whether the public need protecting in the first place is a tricky matter .
Running a poll asking people if they had ever seen any child pornography is unlikely to provide reliable results with few people wanting to say yes to such a question under any circumstances .
We can only go on anecdotal evidence here .
Personally I 've used the internet practically every day since the beginning of the World Wide Web and I 've seen just about every disgusting thing there is to see , but I 've never once seen child pornography or necrophilia .
Discussion with online communities suggests that this experience is universal .
Only one person I know has said they 'd seen something terrible involving children and that came from following a false music - related link which directed them to one such site .
They called the police .
At present no one has provided statistics or any evidence saying that accidentally accessing these sites is a problem that actually exists .
Another issue is that the internet is global and Australia 's broad RC guidelines are at odds to mainstream media coming out of other countries .
Decapitated hostages , people dying in accidents and crime scene pictures are not just widely available all over the web , but many come from reputable news sources and even prime time news shows in regions like Eastern Europe , The Middle East and South America .
In Amsterdam 's Sex Museum there is a restricted section which warns sensitive people that what they are about to see is not for the squeamish .
In it there are numerous photographs of women having sex with various animals .
The Sex Museum is listed as a major tourist attraction in most guides to Amsterdam and is frequently mentioned by Australian tourism publications as being one the main things to see when in Amsterdam .
While few Australians are likely to want to see such content in their mainstream media , anti-censorship bodies and groups caught up in RC classification are adamant that it's up to the individual to decide for themselves and not the government what they see online .
The government routinely counters that it's the classification board that decides , but the board does not do what the government says it does and the government is the body that 's empowering it .
At the sharp end of the argument is the international Euthanasia group , Exit .
A recent episode of Four Corners detailed how groups of pensioners were attending nationwide courses which literally taught them how to hack the filter in order to access ( at least the key elements of ) euthanasia information sites like , peacefulpillhandbook.com which would be blocked by the filter .
The full transcript can be read here .
Senator Conroy insists , " Individual pages are targeted .
Websites are not .
This common argument that the euthanasia websites will be targeted and banned is just false .
If there is a detailed instruction in self - harm , yes , that page would be targeted but the website and the discussion around euthanasia would not .
So for those who keep trying to make this argument , they 're simply misleading Australians . "
Host Quentin McDermott countered that , " In fact , the entire online version of the Peaceful Pill Handbook and related videos will be blocked if a mandatory filter is introduced . "
And summed up by saying , " The spectacle of elderly folk finding ways to bypass a filter intended to protect children online begs the question - how on earth did we get to this point ? "
Much has been made about whether the list should be made public or not .
But the question is pointless .
It will go public whether by whistle blowing or a simple process of reverse engineering ( the latter having been promised by online entities already ) .
Whether anyone should reverse engineer and publish it is irrelevant .
That 's what happens on the internet and anyone who is adamant that it wo n't simply does n't understand the internet .
The internet has very many people who value their privacy to extreme degrees and will rebel against any government censorship action just out of principle - whether it 's their own government or not .
Already , in March 2009 , an early version of the blacklist appeared on award - winning whistleblowing website Wikileaks.org which notably released videos of US Army " collateral damage " incidents given to it by anonymous whistleblowers .
The videos showed civilians and journalists being killed by the US Army .
Wikileaks itself was named on the blacklist .
The list was reported on around the world with some Australian journalists investigating the sites on it citing journalistic duty .
In this regard the filter was counterproductive in that it acted as a web directory for some of the most heinous websites on the internet .
One can't imagine that with the global exposure that the story got , many people , including children , did n't visit the site out of morbid curiosity or whatever reason .
Even if Australian kids did find it harder to access child pornography and RC content because of the filter , to the same degree , kids in other countries will find it more easily thanks to an Australian government sponsored directory of websites that was n't otherwise available before .
Although Senator Conroy plays down the impact of the filter , saying that determined people can get around it if they really want to , critics are concerned that Conroy 's non-policing of filter circumvention will not be mirrored by future governments who may also broaden the scope of the censorship it affords .
He told Four Corners , that he " absolutely guaranteed " that no future Labor government would let this happen and subsequently that " If a majority of the Parliament in the future want to broaden the classification , well then , Australians should stand up and say ' just a minute ' , and I 'll be one of them . "
We contacted Conroy 's office to ask how the Senator guaranteed this would not happen but the question was not answered .
The notion that all future Australian governments will be formed by Labor is optimistic of Conroy to say the least .
That future governments , intent on censorship ( probably under banners of " child protection " and " terrorism " ) , would listen to people " standing up and saying ' just a minute ' " is more optimistic yet , given the contempt Conroy himself has shown to all the people disagreeing with him .
While many tens of thousands of Australians are demonstrably against the filter , finding communities that actively support it is somewhat harder .
While Kevin Rudd and Julia Gillard have both stated they support the Senator and his filter , they have n't addressed any of its points or said why .
In the face of all the communities and community leaders against the filter , the same few names keep coming out in support of it , principally Child Wise CEO Bernadette McMenamin , the Australian Christian Lobby 's Jim Wallace and Professor Clive Hamilton of Charles Sturt University .
At the Media Connect conference of Australian technology journalists in 2008 McMenamin addressed the conference stating that " she did not understand the technical side of the filter " but that " she supported it anyway " .
After weathering criticism from the attending journalists she stated that only child molesters could protest against the filter - something that mortally offended everyone attending , especially the parents in the room .
Her response to the subsequent backlash was , " wo n't someone please think of the children " .
When McMenamin published her views in The Australian newspaper in January 2008 , they drew similar criticism .
Journalist , Blogger and ABC Unleashed contributor , Stilgherrian commented at the time , " The fact that Ms McMenamin is willing to hand the government a comprehensive online censorship mechanism while chasing this chimera of a Magick Filter only shows how naive her understanding of the Internet is , and how her passion has clouded her understanding of the bigger picture . "
McMenamin is not alone .
Senator Conroy recently recommitted himself to the filter by saying , " I 'm not into opting in to child porn " in response to Labor Senator Kate Lundy and Greens Senator Scott Ludlam 's speeches against it .
If they 're right , and the only people who protest against the filter are child molesters , then it's a good job Australia is separated from the rest of the world by so much ocean .
The implication that the other Senators were opting into child porn was not covered by mainstream media .
The Christian Lobby 's Jim Wallace told Four Corners that he found it " quite amazing " that anyone would oppose the filter plans .
He told Quentin McDermott of his unabashed censorship ideals , " The bigger principle here is to establish the principle that the internet is not a free zone and I think that given the movement of technology and given the expectation of society that what the Government is proposing is therefore a good solution . "
He also stated , " We 've lobbied the Government of course and we 've lobbied quite hard .
We got the first commitment to this prior to the last election and you know we 're happy to see that the Government is delivering on it . "
Professor Hamilton , a reputed academic , is the calming face of the learned pro-censorship movement .
He told Four Corners , " that [ his group ] commissioned a poll which showed that parents of teenage children are extremely concerned about their children 's access to porn on the Internet and when we asked them explicitly whether they would support a mandatory filter on Internet service providers to prevent extreme and violent pornography coming into the home an astonishing 93 per cent said yes they would support that .
I mean that 's almost unheard of in any survey such a resounding almost unanimous view . "
He went on to say , " We now we have this strange alliance in support of Internet filtering ...
Christian conservatives , along with feminists , social progressives such as myself and a vast number of parents and ordinary punters out there .
That 's how politics works . "
And it 's these claims which sum up the filter 's supporters .
The lobbyists are playing politics and claiming ownership of anyone who has n't overtly come out against the filter - the great unspoken majority : those that do n't actually know what the filter will and will not do .
While Hamilton may have polls to back up his claims , there are many more from the anti-filter side and those ones come with detailed explanations on why they are the way they are , joined most of the time by thousands of comments from concerned Australians .
All the arguments are open and in the public domain and can be easily accessed by a quick Google search .
The pro-filter side is conveniently hidden but we 're assured it 's there .
Get used to that if the filter comes to pass .
Certainly the anti-filter movement has lost out to the political skills of the lobbyists thus far as testified by the failure to bring the censorship issue into the open .
The less debate there is , the more likely the pro-filter movement will succeed in its aims .
It 's an uphill battle though ... compare the length of this article with the pro-filter 's " Shall we ban child porn ? " brevity .
That does n't make it right though .
As for why the ALP is even bothering to continue with such an unpopular policy when it needs all the support it can get , that almost certainly comes down to politics too : ironically , another policy backflip would almost certainly be leapt on by mainstream media and cost Labor the election .
So we 're likely stuck with censorship unless things change drastically .
Conroy goes to great lengths to point out that this is not a government run filter , but that it will be run by the Australian Communications and Media Authority ( ACMA ) which comes under the Attorney General 's department .
RC is decided by ACMA 's Classification Board and uses broad guidelines with regards to what to censor .
Sites will only be banned if a complaint is received specifically about them and it falls under RC guidelines - music to the ears of ultra-conservative groups .
The board refused to comment on the specific matters we asked about , but then that 's how it operates .
Everything is dealt with on a case by case basis .
Its own history records conflicting classifications , with some media being both banned and classified for the same thing .
There are no hard and fast rules .
But while the Classification Board wo n't disclose exactly what will and will not be refused classification , we did talk to people on the bleeding edge of the rulings : sex shop owners and adult publishers .
Their opinion was unanimous : the RC rules were impossibly broad and grey which left them with no choice but to err on the side of caution in order to guarantee classification .
Sex shop owners felt they were being forced out of business as they were n't allowed to sell books , magazines and DVDs with content that was widely available on the internet .
This all flies in the face of Senator Conroy 's assertions that " only the worst of the worst will be banned " .
If you take your definition of mild pornography from what 's available online , you 'll find what 's available in the sex shops - what has been classified acceptable - as positively prudish .
We got hold of a document used by an adult publisher which explicitly detailed what should be submitted for classification and what should not on the grounds that similar content has been banned before and will likely be banned again .
It details how girls having a play fight , giggling with plastic swords , represented sexual violence and would be classified RC .
Also , any images of bondage of any kind with any woman or man being playfully tied up or in any restraints whatsoever would be refused classification .
All Sado Masochistic practices , all domination would be refused classification too .
We asked the classification board to verify the claims in the document , but it refused .
Any Australians that are into these practices should know that although the classification guidelines lead with , " Adults should be able to read , hear and see what they want " , your choices are officially , " revolting or abhorrent phenomena ... that offend against the standards of morality , decency and propriety generally accepted by reasonable adults " .
The full guidelines can be seen here .
Elsewhere , the board has come under fire for refusing classification to pictures of women with small breasts on the grounds they look like children - something that has outraged women 's groups for stigmatising women who do n't have large breasts .
Also videos featuring the natural act of female ejaculation on the ( erroneous ) grounds that it is in fact an obscene " golden shower " have also been classified RC .
Senator Conroy 's office laughed off the suggestion that small breasts and female ejaculation would be banned and the classification board also denied doing so either .
However , evidence exists to show that both have been classified RC in Australia .
According to Australian Sex Party founder Fiona Patten , at an ACMA publications training day being run by Classification Education Officer Antonny Ivancic and four other officers last October , in " one of the slides the reason the RC was given [ was because ] the woman had under developed breasts and this made her appear under 18 .
The image was of a woman outside by a pool .
There were no pigtails , fluffy toys or anything else in the image that would have you believe that the publisher was trying to portray her as a minor .
There was some discussion around the room about this decision .
Other images that had been refused classification mentioned the body of the model but also the way that she photographed " .
As for female ejaculation , films containing it have indeed been banned - Classification Number 237341 is one such example .
It all makes a mockery of Conroy 's " worst of the worst claims " and he has demonstrated that he does n't actually know what is being banned by the board he is entrusting so much power to .
To make matters more confusing , different States deal with classification in different ways .
At present RC material is only illegal in Western Australia .
Conversely X18 + material is only available on sale in ACT and Northern Territory .
Consequently , depending on where you are , you may get fined or sent to jail for selling material classified legal by the Federal government .
With pornography being added to Australian landing cards last September ( to no media furore whatsoever ) , all visitors coming to Australia with pornography on their laptops or phones , must now declare it , have it screened by customs and hope that it is n't deemed RC as they can be fined , refused entry or jailed depending on what they have .
Barely any mention has been made of this in the Australian and international media - surprising considering the attention given to the landing cards dealings with drugs and quarantine .
The Australian Sex Party 's Fiona Patten told us you can " Risk five year jail terms for bringing in more than 25 copies of an RC film under the new Tier One Customs regulations " which a sex shop owner ( or tourist ) can do if they inadvertently import anything deemed RC .
Furthermore , in April this year , New South Wales man Darrell Cohen , a gay 23 - year old sex shop owner was sent to prison for , as Patten states , " Selling 45 Federally classified X - rated films and five RC films ... gay mild ... stuff , nothing with animals or anything .
First time in the western world that someone has gone to jail for selling a federal government approved film ...
It 's just unbelievable that in 2010 when you can get all manner of perversity on the internet , and when Conroy has specifically said the filter will not target X - rated material because it's ' legal ' that a young man can go to jail for selling same . "
While the full scope of RC guidelines goes beyond this article , it 's clear that it 's all but impossible to predict much of what will be filtered and what wo n't be .
Perhaps this really did get through to the Senator lately as he recently announced a one year delay to the filter while the RC system was reorganised .
Tony Abbott too was recently quoted by Kotaku as saying the system was " broken " .
It will still provide the basis of a future Labor filter though .
It will still censor politically incorrect sites .
The filter did not become law under the current government but earlier this year the Senator reminded us that " We took our filtering proposal to the Australian public and we were elected on it . "
If this comes as news to you , bear in mind that this is exactly what will happen in one year 's time .
That it is not being mentioned by a mainstream media , in full election mode , is a disservice to Australia .
If Australia wants to vote for censorship then it should be made aware of all the details around it .
It should not just accept that the filter will protect the Australian public from things like child porn when it categorically will not .
Opposition to it is near total among the communities that actually understand what is happening ( Australia 's tech community for one ) and recognise the devil in the detail .
Ultimately , those that know about this filter are against it .
Those who do n't are having their opinion hijacked by a few pro-censorship lobbyists and politicians .
Australia is free to vote for censorship if it wants , but it must go into this election informed and with its eyes open .
Australia 's media has a moral and professional obligation to ensure that it does so and so far it has failed .
It 's not too late , but the time has come to ask the pollies , " Do you support censorship ? "
Nick Ross is the ABC 's new technology and games editor .
NBA & NCAA Basketball Betting
Welcome to a hand picked selection of the best sports books to place a wager on either the NCAA or NBA .
These bookies have a proven history of on - time payments with responsive customer service ..
# 1 - Bovada
Bovada -
Hands down the most trusted brand in the world when it comes to sports betting .
They are an exceptional bookmaker and offer some of the best NBA and NCAA betting in the industry .
The odds are always solid .
The customer service staff is well trained and are capable of handling your queries .
They are available 24 hours a day 7 days a week .
They are super fast at processing winnings as they want your business .
Overall our favorite bookie for many reasons . .
# 2 - Bet Online
Bet Online - A well trusted brand with amazing customer service .
They separate themselves by having rewarding bonuses and comps .
They have 24/7 support but it does n't stop there , the little extras is what makes them great , such as a must read blog for all basketball enthusiasts .
They have free contests to keep you entertained , along with a nice package of casino games and a top of the line multiplayer poker room .
# 3 - GT Bets
GT Bets -
One of the most popular sports books in the world , has an exciting promotion for new players .
They have been in business for over dozens of years , have paid out billions in winnings , and have exceptional 24/7 customer support .
They make it super easy to deposit , and cashing out is a seamless process with winnings paid out fas .
# 4 - Sports Betting.ag
It ’s Mother ’s Day , and time to celebrate moms , niceness , and cookies , all across North America .
It also happens to be my birthday , so I get to indulge myself this morning , and blog up this list of … .
The Top Seven BAD MOTHERS in Comics
# 7
Debbie Grayson
Wife of OMNI - MAN , mother of INVINCIBLE .
You do n’t get to pick your mom , that ’s old wisdom , but your mom does get to pick your father , and Debbie may have set a world ’s record for marrying the worst husband and father in the known universe .
Her youthful crush , Nolan Grayson ( super - hero Omni - Man to his legion of fans ) turned out to be an alien from the Viltrumite race , who mated with his human pet , specifically to create a son with whom Dad can destroy humanity .
When son Mark starts to exhibit dad ’s alien powers , the biggest Oedipal fight scene in comics history ensues , thousands die and Dad is exiled to space forever .
And what does Debbie Grayson do , now that her world has crumbled around her and son needs a mother ’s love more than ever ?
She settles down into the gutter and drinks herself blind .
Oh sure , if EVER there was a reason to knock back a few wrist benders , the old “ my alien husband tried to kill our son ” excuse is a good one , but I ’m not sure Debbie needed to open the second truckload of Jack Daniels so quickly .
# 6
Lara Lor-Van
Kryptonian wife of Jor-el , and mother of Superman .
Lara was an astronaut on her home planet , and she ’d been in space a few times ( only ladies rode Krypton rockets , as their alien , but primitive catheter technology was n’t able to cope with the impressive Kryptonian schlongs ) , so when her world started crashing down around her , she had the training to stay calm and not make terrible decisions …
And when her husband tells her there ’s a chance for Lara and her baby to survive the end of the world in a space ship he built for the two of them , SHE REFUSES TO GET INTO THE GODDAMNED ROCKET AND GO WITH THE BOY !!
Sure , there ’s that moment of romantic self - destruction a good wife offers her husband on Doomsday so he ’s feeling pretty manly as he dies , but anyone with an ounce of mother in them goes with the kid or they suck .
It ’s why Clark prefers Martha Kent , you know , and only ever pines for his Kryptonian father .
Jor-el stepped up and saved his son ’s life .
Lara was a whiny , suicidal dick , and we all know it .
# 5
Aline Kominsky - Crumb
I cannot possibly know the first thing about her parenting skills , and I ’m certain Aline Kominsky - Crumb is a kind , decent human being , perhaps a far better parent than I ever am .
But … she has written and illustrated a few blunt confessional stories ( Dirty Laundry Comics ) , along with her husband , underground legend Robert Crumb , that feature her obsession with oral copulation , wild sex fantasies , private bathroom time and anything else intensely personal that pops into Aline ’s head … ALL WHILE SHE HAS A LIVING , BREATHING TEENAGE DAUGHTER NAMED SOPHIE WHO GOES TO SCHOOL WITH OTHER HUMAN BEINGS !
If you think it ’s mortifying to see your mom walking about in a bathrobe in your front yard , imagine mom performing fellatio on infamous dirt - bag Robert Crumb while the planet pays to watch it , and get back to me .
# 4
Gwen Stacy
Mother of twin bastards , Gabriel and Sarah , who look like Peter Parker and Gwen Stacy because of magic / science , and who were raised by the Green Goblin , the man who killed their mom .
Of course it did n’t happen .
It could n’t have happened , not in a rational world with professional writers and editors who understand their craft … and surely it all went away with the BRAND NEW DAY retcon that fixed all those continuity problems .
But the SINS PAST storyline was written by J. Michael Straczynski , published in Amazing Spider - Man # 509 - 514 , and it ca n’t be ignored in a column such as this .
Gwen Stacy , virginal Queen of Super - hero Girlfriends decided to give her “ special flower ” to her beloved boyfriend ’s roommate ’s father , Norman Osborne , because Normie seemed to be in a bad mood one afternoon when Gwen found him in Harry ’s living room .
Norman Osborne did n’t rape her , did n’t drug her , did n’t do anything to Gwen but brood in her presence , and she gaped open her thighs and cheated on Peter for the most important sexual moment of her life .
And then , rather than tell Peter of her astoundingly unlikely transgression , she decides to go to France , have the kids in secret , and THEN tell Peter about it , so they can raise the perpetual reminders of her criminal infidelity together as a happy family .
But Osborne , in his guise as the Green Goblin , kills her instead , and raises the kids in some kind of hyper - aging chamber so they can kill Peter Parker when they get old enough in eight years .
It may be the worst written comic book story of all time .
Certainly the worst comic Marvel ever produced , and something Straczynski did just to see if the fans would break his nose when they met him .
So far , his nose remains intact , so fandom is n’t trying hard enough .
# 3
Sheila Haywood
Mother of Jason Todd , the used - to - be dead Robin .
Okay , Shelia abandons her child Jason at a young age and leaves her husband to figure it out on his own .
Strike One .
She becomes an illegal abortion provider in Gotham , and simultaneously kills a teenage mother and unborn child through impressive medical incompetence .
Strike Two .
The Joker finds out about her mistake , and tracks her down to an aid station in Ethiopia , where she is embezzling funds and selling medicine on the black market .
Joker blackmails Sheila into replacing the life saving drugs she ’s stolen with highly poisonous Joker toxin , and also , into handing over her son for a crowbar beating by the evil clown so she can avoid arrest .
Strike Three , and four and five through nine .
Joker used the crowbar quite a bit .
With this monster as his mummy , I no longer blame Jason for being such a irritating little bitch .
# 2
Talia Head
Daughter of the Demon .
Lover of the Bat .
Mother of the Creepiest Robin Yet .
Maybe it ’s her upbringing – she was sired by a terrorist father nearly a thousand years old , and that kind of generation gap is tough to overcome .
Also , her parents met in the audience at Woodstock , so there ’s all that hippie baggage , too .
But when Talia gave birth to her son Damian , she went from being Batman ’s sometimes girlfriend / enemy / paramour / Emma Peel Stand - in / leather fantasy chick , to spectacularly crappy mother .
She did n’t balance parenthood and career well , and spent Damian ’s toddler years organizing the League of Assassins while the kid was raised by murderer - nannies and wet - nurse hit -men who preferred open hand kill techniques to Teletubbies .
And once the lad survived to twelve years old , Talia abandons Damian to his estranged father , a lunatic who lives in a cave and who takes rugrat - Robin into gunfights because baby sitters tend to die around Talia ’s boy .
If Ms. Head thinks the Justice League is a pain in the ass , wait until she gets into it with Social Services and the family law courts system .
# 1
Mystique of the Evil Mutants / X- Men
In the movies , she ’s a blue lizard hottie with a nudist streak , just like so many of my college girlfriends , but in the comics , she ’s easily the worst mom of all time , human or mutant .
Her first son , Graydon Creed , she gave up for adoption and “ kept an eye ” on him until she realized the child was n’t a mutant like herself , and therefore , too icky to love .
Things go wrong , Creed becomes an anti-mutant crusader as a adult , and messes with the granddaughter of mom ’s lesbian plaything , so mother eventually travels back in time and shoots her son in the head .
But everyone makes mistakes with a first child .
For her next bout of motherhood , she willingly cheats on her then - husband with someone who claims to be Satan .
Her second child , Kurt Wagner , is born with blue fur and a tail , and naturally the townspeople begin chasing mom and child with pitchforks and torches , purchased at bulk discount prices .
But even though she ’s got a magic power to turn into anyone she wants , and she ’s been learning stealthcraft and all sorts of useful skills to avoid detection for decades , what do she do with her cute , fuzzy blue newborn ?
She tosses him in a river like a bag of kittens and hopes he drowns .
Nice one Mystique .
I hope someone kicks you in your shape - shifting balls .
That ’s it for Mother ’s Day , and my Birthday .
I ’m off to celebrate in my own way , and it just might include handing my kids off to the Joker for the afternoon .
They ’ll be okay , we have a nanny - cam .
Ty the Guy
PS : Scroll down for Saturday ’s Free Webcomics , and play with the navigation - buttons up top .
And stay tuned for tomorrow’s BIG HOVERBOY ANNOUNCEMENT !
Art Land is too much fun to ever leave !
To share post :
June 3 , 2010 at 8:36 AM EDT
No one could ever accuse me of being overly Scientific , except when it comes to methods for applying eyeshadow so that it does n’t crease or fade ( oh yes , there ARE ways ) .
But when you bring Michael Emerson aka Ben Linus of Lost into the equation , I can maybe get a tad interested in science .
Dr. Craig Venter has recently announced he and his team have created a living , self - replicating cell .
That ’s pretty major .
Even I know that .
Because this is a big break - through for science , and causes so many questions in the religious and scientific worlds , the Science Channel is airing a special all about it .
This special is called Creating Synthetic Life and it will air on Thursday , June 3rd at 8 pm EST .
Is the Dharma Iniative involved ?
Well , just a tad .
Ben Linus aka Emmy - Award winning Lost alumnus Michael Emerson will be narrating the special for us .
As if science could n’t be freaky enough on its own , eh? Kidding !
Following the special at 9 pm ET , Science Channel will present Creating Synthetic Life : Your Questions Answered with Emmy Award - winning journalist Paula Zahn hosting a roundtable discussion with Dr. Venter ; journalist and author Michael Specter ; futurist , inventor and author Raymond Kurzweil ; George Church , professor of genetics at Harvard University ; Father Nicanor Pier Giorgio Austriaco and others , exploring important ethical , scientific and societal questions surrounding Dr. Craig Venter ’s recent announcement .
Previously : Win a dinner with Michael Emerson of Lost
SAN FRANCISCO , June 9 / PRNewswire / -- Linden Lab® , creator of 3D virtual world Second Life® , announced today a strategic restructuring to increase focus on the company 's consumer business including investments intended to enhance ease of use and participation in its virtual goods marketplace through browser - based and mobile applications .
As part of the restructuring , Linden Lab will also improve its geographic and cost efficiencies .
The company 's product and engineering divisions will be combined .
The software development teams will be consolidated in North America and customer support will be reconfigured to provide more scalable services .
As a result , Linden Lab anticipates staff reductions of approximately 30 percent .
" We 've emerged from a two - year investment period during which , among other things , we 've spent a considerable amount of time improving reliability and the overall user experience .
Today 's announcement about our reorganization will help us make Second Life® even simpler , more enjoyable , relevant and engaging for consumers starting with their first experience .
It will also enable us to invest in bringing 3D to the web and will strengthen our profitability , " said Mark Kingdon , chief executive officer of Linden Lab .
According to Kingdon , the restructuring also better aligns Linden Lab with its two longer - term goals .
First , the company aims to create a browser - based virtual world experience , eliminating the need to download software .
Secondly , Linden Lab will look to extend the Second Life experience into popular social networks .
" Ultimately , we want to make Second Life more accessible and relevant to a wider population , " he said .
About Second Life and Linden Lab
Developed and launched by Linden Lab in 2003 , Second Life is the world 's leading 3D virtual world environment .
It enables its Residents to create content , interact with others , launch businesses , collaborate , educate , and more .
Since its inception , Second Life Residents have logged more than one billion user hours and generated more than $ 1 billion in user - to - user transactions .
With a broad user base that includes everyone from consumers and educators to medical researchers and large enterprises , Second Life has become one of the largest repositories of user - generated content and the largest user - generated virtual goods economy in the world .
Privately held Linden Lab , founded in 1999 by Chairman of the Board Philip Rosedale and headquartered in San Francisco , develops revolutionary technologies that change the way people communicate , interact , transact , learn and create .
For more information , visit www.secondlife.com.
SOURCE Linden Lab
This chapter explains the meaning of the elements of expressions in Python .
Syntax Notes :
In this and the following chapters , extended BNF notation will be used to describe syntax , not lexical analysis .
When ( one alternative of ) a syntax rule has the form
name ::= othername
and no semantics are given , the semantics of this form of name are the same as for othername .
6.1 . Arithmetic conversions ¶
When a description of an arithmetic operator below uses the phrase “ the numeric arguments are converted to a common type ” , this means that the operator implementation for built - in types works as follows :
If either argument is a complex number , the other is converted to complex ;
otherwise , if either argument is a floating point number , the other is converted to floating point ;
otherwise , both must be integers and no conversion is necessary .
Some additional rules apply for certain operators ( e.g. , a string as a left argument to the ‘ %’ operator ) .
Extensions must define their own conversion behavior .
6.3 . Primaries ¶ Primaries represent the most tightly bound operations of the language .
Their syntax is : primary ::= atom | attributeref | subscription | slicing | call 6.3.1 .
Attribute references ¶
An attribute reference is a primary followed by a period and a name : attributeref ::= primary " . " identifier
The primary must evaluate to an object of a type that supports attribute references , which most objects do .
This object is then asked to produce the attribute whose name is the identifier .
This production can be customized by overriding the __getattr__ ( ) method .
If this attribute is not available , the exception AttributeError is raised .
Otherwise , the type and value of the object produced is determined by the object .
Multiple evaluations of the same attribute reference may yield different objects .
6.3.2 . Subscriptions ¶ A subscription selects an item of a sequence ( string , tuple or list ) or mapping ( dictionary ) object : subscription ::= primary " [ " expression_list " ] "
The primary must evaluate to an object that supports subscription ( lists or dictionaries for example ) .
User - defined objects can support subscription by defining a __getitem__ ( ) method .
For built - in objects , there are two types of objects that support subscription :
If the primary is a mapping , the expression list must evaluate to an object whose value is one of the keys of the mapping , and the subscription selects the value in the mapping that corresponds to that key .
( The expression list is a tuple except if it has exactly one item . )
If the primary is a sequence , the expression list must evaluate to an integer or a slice ( as discussed in the following section ) .
The formal syntax makes no special provision for negative indices in sequences ; however , built - in sequences all provide a __getitem__ ( ) method that interprets negative indices by adding the length of the sequence to the index ( so that x [ - 1 ] selects the last item of x ) .
The resulting value must be a nonnegative integer less than the number of items in the sequence , and the subscription selects the item whose index is that value ( counting from zero ) .
Since the support for negative indices and slicing occurs in the object ’s __getitem__ ( ) method , subclasses overriding this method will need to explicitly add that support .
A string ’s items are characters .
A character is not a separate data type but a string of exactly one character .
6.3.3 . Slicings ¶ A slicing selects a range of items in a sequence object ( e.g. , a string , tuple or list ) .
Slicings may be used as expressions or as targets in assignment or del statements .
The syntax for a slicing : slicing ::= primary " [ " slice_list " ] " slice_list ::= slice_item ( " , " slice_item ) * [ " , " ] slice_item ::= expression | proper_slice proper_slice ::= [ lower_bound ] " : " [ upper_bound ] [ " : " [ stride ] ] lower_bound ::= expression upper_bound ::= expression stride ::= expression
There is ambiguity in the formal syntax here : anything that looks like an expression list also looks like a slice list , so any subscription can be interpreted as a slicing .
Rather than further complicating the syntax , this is disambiguated by defining that in this case the interpretation as a subscription takes priority over the interpretation as a slicing ( this is the case if the slice list contains no proper slice ) .
The semantics for a slicing are as follows .
The primary is indexed ( using the same __getitem__ ( ) method as normal subscription ) with a key that is constructed from the slice list , as follows .
If the slice list contains at least one comma , the key is a tuple containing the conversion of the slice items ; otherwise , the conversion of the lone slice item is the key .
The conversion of a slice item that is an expression is that expression .
The conversion of a proper slice is a slice object ( see section The standard type hierarchy ) whose start , stop and step attributes are the values of the expressions given as lower bound , upper bound and stride , respectively , substituting None for missing expressions .
6.3.4 . Calls ¶ A call calls a callable object ( e.g. , a function ) with a possibly empty series of arguments : call ::= primary " ( " [ argument_list [ " , " ] | comprehension ] " ) " argument_list ::= positional_arguments [ " , " starred_and_keywords ] [ " , " keywords_arguments ] | starred_and_keywords [ " , " keywords_arguments ] | keywords_arguments positional_arguments ::= positional_item ( " , " positional_item ) * positional_item ::= assignment_expression | " * " expression starred_and_keywords ::= ( " * " expression | keyword_item ) ( " , " " * " expression | " , " keyword_item ) * keywords_arguments ::= ( keyword_item | " ** " expression ) ( " , " keyword_item | " , " " **" expression ) * keyword_item ::= identifier " = " expression
An optional trailing comma may be present after the positional and keyword arguments but does not affect the semantics .
The primary must evaluate to a callable object ( user - defined functions , built - in functions , methods of built - in objects , class objects , methods of class instances , and all objects having a __call__ ( ) method are callable ) .
All argument expressions are evaluated before the call is attempted .
Please refer to section Function definitions for the syntax of formal parameter lists .
If keyword arguments are present , they are first converted to positional arguments , as follows .
First , a list of unfilled slots is created for the formal parameters .
If there are N positional arguments , they are placed in the first N slots .
Next , for each keyword argument , the identifier is used to determine the corresponding slot ( if the identifier is the same as the first formal parameter name , the first slot is used , and so on ) .
If the slot is already filled , a TypeError exception is raised .
Otherwise , the value of the argument is placed in the slot , filling it ( even if the expression is None , it fills the slot ) .
When all arguments have been processed , the slots that are still unfilled are filled with the corresponding default value from the function definition .
( Default values are calculated , once , when the function is defined ; thus , a mutable object such as a list or dictionary used as default value will be shared by all calls that do n’t specify an argument value for the corresponding slot ; this should usually be avoided . )
If there are any unfilled slots for which no default value is specified , a TypeError exception is raised .
Otherwise , the list of filled slots is used as the argument list for the call .
CPython implementation detail :
An implementation may provide built - in functions whose positional parameters do not have names , even if they are ‘ named ’ for the purpose of documentation , and which therefore cannot be supplied by keyword .
In CPython , this is the case for functions implemented in C that use PyArg_ParseTuple ( ) to parse their arguments .
If there are more positional arguments than there are formal parameter slots , a TypeError exception is raised , unless a formal parameter using the syntax * identifier is present ; in this case , that formal parameter receives a tuple containing the excess positional arguments ( or an empty tuple if there were no excess positional arguments ) .
If any keyword argument does not correspond to a formal parameter name , a TypeError exception is raised , unless a formal parameter using the syntax ** identifier is present ; in this case , that formal parameter receives a dictionary containing the excess keyword arguments ( using the keywords as keys and the argument values as corresponding values ) , or a ( new ) empty dictionary if there were no excess keyword arguments .
If the syntax * expression appears in the function call , expression must evaluate to an iterable .
Elements from these iterables are treated as if they were additional positional arguments .
For the call f( x1 , x2 , *y , x3 , x4 ) , if y evaluates to a sequence y1 , … , yM , this is equivalent to a call with M+4 positional arguments x1 , x2 , y1 , … , yM , x3 , x4 .
A consequence of this is that although the * expression syntax may appear after explicit keyword arguments , it is processed before the keyword arguments ( and any ** expression arguments – see below ) .
So : >>> def f ( a , b ) : ... print ( a , b ) ... >>> f ( b = 1 , * ( 2 , ) ) 2 1 >>> f ( a = 1 , * ( 2 , ) )
Traceback ( most recent call last ) : File " < stdin > " , line 1 , in < module > TypeError : f ( ) got multiple values for keyword argument ' a ' >>> f ( 1 , * ( 2 , ) ) 1 2
It is unusual for both keyword arguments and the * expression syntax to be used in the same call , so in practice this confusion does not arise .
If the syntax ** expression appears in the function call , expression must evaluate to a mapping , the contents of which are treated as additional keyword arguments .
If a keyword is already present ( as an explicit keyword argument , or from another unpacking ) , a TypeError exception is raised .
Formal parameters using the syntax * identifier or ** identifier cannot be used as positional argument slots or as keyword argument names .
Changed in version 3.5 : Function calls accept any number of * and ** unpackings , positional arguments may follow iterable unpackings ( * ) , and keyword arguments may follow dictionary unpackings ( ** ) .
Originally proposed by PEP 448 .
A call always returns some value , possibly None , unless it raises an exception .
How this value is computed depends on the type of the callable object .
If it is — a user - defined function :
The code block for the function is executed , passing it the argument list .
The first thing the code block will do is bind the formal parameters to the arguments ; this is described in section Function definitions .
When the code block executes a return statement , this specifies the return value of the function call .
a built - in function or method :
The result is up to the interpreter ; see Built - in Functions for the descriptions of built - in functions and methods .
a class object : A new instance of that class is returned .
a class instance method :
The corresponding user - defined function is called , with an argument list that is one longer than the argument list of the call : the instance becomes the first argument .
a class instance : The class must define a __call__ ( ) method ; the effect is then the same as if that method was called .
6.4 . Await expression ¶ Suspend the execution of coroutine on an awaitable object .
Can only be used inside a coroutine function .
await_expr ::= " await " primary New in version 3.5 .
6.5 . The power operator ¶
The power operator binds more tightly than unary operators on its left ; it binds less tightly than unary operators on its right .
The syntax is : power ::= ( await_expr | primary ) [ " ** " u_expr ]
Thus , in an unparenthesized sequence of power and unary operators , the operators are evaluated from right to left ( this does not constrain the evaluation order for the operands ) : - 1** 2 results in - 1 .
The power operator has the same semantics as the built - in pow ( ) function , when called with two arguments : it yields its left argument raised to the power of its right argument .
The numeric arguments are first converted to a common type , and the result is of that type .
For int operands , the result has the same type as the operands unless the second argument is negative ; in that case , all arguments are converted to float and a float result is delivered .
For example , 10 ** 2 returns 100 , but 10 **- 2 returns 0.01 .
Raising 0.0 to a negative power results in a ZeroDivisionError .
Raising a negative number to a fractional power results in a complex number .
( In earlier versions it raised a ValueError . )
6.6 . Unary arithmetic and bitwise operations ¶
All unary arithmetic and bitwise operations have the same priority : u_expr ::= power | " - " u_expr | " + " u_expr | " ~ " u_expr
The unary - ( minus ) operator yields the negation of its numeric argument .
The unary + ( plus ) operator yields its numeric argument unchanged .
The unary ~ ( invert ) operator yields the bitwise inversion of its integer argument .
The bitwise inversion of x is defined as - ( x+1 ) .
It only applies to integral numbers .
In all three cases , if the argument does not have the proper type , a TypeError exception is raised .
6.7 . Binary arithmetic operations ¶
The binary arithmetic operations have the conventional priority levels .
Note that some of these operations also apply to certain non-numeric types .
Apart from the power operator , there are only two levels , one for multiplicative operators and one for additive operators : m_expr ::= u_expr | m_expr " * " u_expr | m_expr " @ " m_expr | m_expr " // " u_expr | m_expr " / " u_expr | m_expr " % " u_expr a_expr ::= m_expr | a_expr " + " m_expr | a_expr " - " m_expr
The * ( multiplication ) operator yields the product of its arguments .
The arguments must either both be numbers , or one argument must be an integer and the other must be a sequence .
In the former case , the numbers are converted to a common type and then multiplied together .
In the latter case , sequence repetition is performed ; a negative repetition factor yields an empty sequence .
The @ ( at ) operator is intended to be used for matrix multiplication .
No builtin Python types implement this operator .
New in version 3.5 .
The / ( division ) and // ( floor division ) operators yield the quotient of their arguments .
The numeric arguments are first converted to a common type .
Division of integers yields a float , while floor division of integers results in an integer ; the result is that of mathematical division with the ‘ floor ’ function applied to the result .
Division by zero raises the ZeroDivisionError exception .
The % ( modulo ) operator yields the remainder from the division of the first argument by the second .
The numeric arguments are first converted to a common type .
A zero right argument raises the ZeroDivisionError exception .
The arguments may be floating point numbers , e.g. , 3.14%0.7 equals 0.34 ( since 3.14 equals 4*0.7 + 0.34 .)
The modulo operator always yields a result with the same sign as its second operand ( or zero ) ; the absolute value of the result is strictly smaller than the absolute value of the second operand .
The floor division and modulo operators are connected by the following identity : x == ( x//y ) *y + ( x %y ) .
Floor division and modulo are also connected with the built - in function divmod ( ) : divmod( x , y ) == ( x//y , x %y ) . .
In addition to performing the modulo operation on numbers , the % operator is also overloaded by string objects to perform old - style string formatting ( also known as interpolation ) .
The syntax for string formatting is described in the Python Library Reference , section printf - style String Formatting .
The floor division operator , the modulo operator , and the divmod ( ) function are not defined for complex numbers .
Instead , convert to a floating point number using the abs ( ) function if appropriate .
The + ( addition ) operator yields the sum of its arguments .
The arguments must either both be numbers or both be sequences of the same type .
In the former case , the numbers are converted to a common type and then added together .
In the latter case , the sequences are concatenated .
The - ( subtraction ) operator yields the difference of its arguments .
The numeric arguments are first converted to a common type .
6.8 . Shifting operations ¶
The shifting operations have lower priority than the arithmetic operations : shift_expr ::= a_expr | shift_expr ( " < < " | " > > " ) a_expr
These operators accept integers as arguments .
They shift the first argument to the left or right by the number of bits given by the second argument .
A right shift by n bits is defined as floor division by pow ( 2 ,n ) .
A left shift by n bits is defined as multiplication with pow ( 2,n ) .
6.9 . Binary bitwise operations ¶
Each of the three bitwise operations has a different priority level : and _expr ::= shift_expr | and_expr " & " shift_expr xor_expr ::= and_expr | xor_expr " ^ " and _expr or_expr ::= xor_expr | or_expr " | " xor_expr
The & operator yields the bitwise AND of its arguments , which must be integers .
The ^ operator yields the bitwise XOR ( exclusive OR ) of its arguments , which must be integers .
The | operator yields the bitwise ( inclusive ) OR of its arguments , which must be integers .
6.10 . Comparisons ¶ Unlike C , all comparison operations in Python have the same priority , which is lower than that of any arithmetic , shifting or bitwise operation .
Also unlike C , expressions like a < b < c have the interpretation that is conventional in mathematics : comparison ::= or_expr ( comp_operator or_expr ) * comp_operator ::= " < " | " > " | " == " | " > = " | " < = " | " ! = " | " is " [ " not " ] | [ " not " ] " in " Comparisons yield boolean values : True or False .
Comparisons can be chained arbitrarily , e.g. , x < y <= z is equivalent to x < y and y <= z , except that y is evaluated only once ( but in both cases z is not evaluated at all when x < y is found to be false ) .
Formally , if a , b , c , … , y , z are expressions and op1 , op2 , … , opN are comparison operators , then a op1 b op2 c ... y opN z is equivalent to a op1 b and b op2 c and ... y opN z , except that each expression is evaluated at most once .
Note that a op1 b op2 c does n’t imply any kind of comparison between a and c , so that , e.g. , x < y > z is perfectly legal ( though perhaps not pretty ) .
6.10.1 . Value comparisons ¶
The operators < , > , == , >= , <= , and != compare the values of two objects .
The objects do not need to have the same type .
Chapter Objects , values and types states that objects have a value ( in addition to type and identity ) .
The value of an object is a rather abstract notion in Python :
For example , there is no canonical access method for an object ’s value .
Also , there is no requirement that the value of an object should be constructed in a particular way , e.g. comprised of all its data attributes .
Comparison operators implement a particular notion of what the value of an object is .
One can think of them as defining the value of an object indirectly , by means of their comparison implementation .
Because all types are ( direct or indirect ) subtypes of object , they inherit the default comparison behavior from object .
Types can customize their comparison behavior by implementing rich comparison methods like __lt__ ( ) , described in Basic customization .
The default behavior for equality comparison ( == and != ) is based on the identity of the objects .
Hence , equality comparison of instances with the same identity results in equality , and equality comparison of instances with different identities results in inequality .
A motivation for this default behavior is the desire that all objects should be reflexive ( i.e. x is y implies x == y ) .
A default order comparison ( < , > , <= , and >= ) is not provided ; an attempt raises TypeError .
A motivation for this default behavior is the lack of a similar invariant as for equality .
The behavior of the default equality comparison , that instances with different identities are always unequal , may be in contrast to what types will need that have a sensible definition of object value and value - based equality .
Such types will need to customize their comparison behavior , and in fact , a number of built - in types have done that .
The following list describes the comparison behavior of the most important built - in types .
Numbers of built - in numeric types ( Numeric Types — int , float , complex ) and of the standard library types fractions .
Fraction and decimal .
Decimal can be compared within and across their types , with the restriction that complex numbers do not support order comparison .
Within the limits of the types involved , they compare mathematically ( algorithmically ) correct without loss of precision .
The not - a - number values float ( ' NaN ' ) and decimal .
Decimal ( ' NaN ' ) are special .
Any ordered comparison of a number to a not - a - number value is false .
A counter - intuitive implication is that not - a - number values are not equal to themselves .
For example , if x = float ( ' NaN ' ) , 3 < x , x < 3 and x == x are all false , while x != x is true .
This behavior is compliant with IEEE 754 .
None and NotImplemented are singletons .
PEP 8 advises that comparisons for singletons should always be done with is or is not , never the equality operators .
Binary sequences ( instances of bytes or bytearray ) can be compared within and across their types .
They compare lexicographically using the numeric values of their elements .
Strings ( instances of str ) compare lexicographically using the numerical Unicode code points ( the result of the built - in function ord ( ) ) of their characters .
Strings and binary sequences cannot be directly compared .
Sequences ( instances of tuple , list , or range ) can be compared only within each of their types , with the restriction that ranges do not support order comparison .
Equality comparison across these types results in inequality , and ordering comparison across these types raises TypeError .
Sequences compare lexicographically using comparison of corresponding elements .
The built - in containers typically assume identical objects are equal to themselves .
That lets them bypass equality tests for identical objects to improve performance and to maintain their internal invariants .
Lexicographical comparison between built - in collections works as follows :
For two collections to compare equal , they must be of the same type , have the same length , and each pair of corresponding elements must compare equal ( for example , [ 1,2 ] == ( 1,2 ) is false because the type is not the same ) .
Collections that support order comparison are ordered the same as their first unequal elements ( for example , [ 1,2 , x ] <= [ 1,2 , y ] has the same value as x < = y ) .
If a corresponding element does not exist , the shorter collection is ordered first ( for example , [ 1,2 ] < [ 1,2,3 ] is true ) .
Mappings ( instances of dict ) compare equal if and only if they have equal ( key , value ) pairs .
Equality comparison of the keys and values enforces reflexivity .
Order comparisons ( < , > , <= , and >= ) raise TypeError .
Sets ( instances of set or frozenset ) can be compared within and across their types .
They define order comparison operators to mean subset and superset tests .
Those relations do not define total orderings ( for example , the two sets { 1,2} and { 2,3} are not equal , nor subsets of one another , nor supersets of one another ) .
Accordingly , sets are not appropriate arguments for functions which depend on total ordering ( for example , min ( ) , max ( ) , and sorted ( ) produce undefined results given a list of sets as inputs ) .
Comparison of sets enforces reflexivity of its elements .
Most other built - in types have no comparison methods implemented , so they inherit the default comparison behavior .
User - defined classes that customize their comparison behavior should follow some consistency rules , if possible : Equality comparison should be reflexive .
In other words , identical objects should compare equal : x is y implies x == y
Comparison should be symmetric .
In other words , the following expressions should have the same result : x == y and y == x x != y and y != x x < y and y > x x <= y and y >= x
Comparison should be transitive .
The following ( non-exhaustive ) examples illustrate that : x > y and y > z implies x > z x < y and y <= z implies x < z
Inverse comparison should result in the boolean negation .
In other words , the following expressions should have the same result : x == y and not x != y x < y and not x >= y ( for total ordering ) x > y and not x <= y ( for total ordering )
The last two expressions apply to totally ordered collections ( e.g. to sequences , but not to sets or mappings ) .
See also the total_ordering ( ) decorator .
The hash ( ) result should be consistent with equality .
Objects that are equal should either have the same hash value , or be marked as unhashable .
Python does not enforce these consistency rules .
In fact , the not - a - number values are an example for not following these rules .
6.10.2 . Membership test operations ¶
The operators in and not in test for membership .
x in s evaluates to True if x is a member of s , and False otherwise .
x not in s returns the negation of x in s .
All built - in sequences and set types support this as well as dictionary , for which in tests whether the dictionary has a given key .
For container types such as list , tuple , set , frozenset , dict , or collections .
deque , the expression x in y is equivalent to any ( x is e or x == e for e in y ) .
For the string and bytes types , x in y is True if and only if x is a substring of y .
An equivalent test is y.find (x ) != - 1 . Empty strings are always considered to be a substring of any other string , so " " in " abc " will return True .
For user - defined classes which define the __contains__ ( ) method , x in y returns True if y.__contains__( x ) returns a true value , and False otherwise .
For user - defined classes which do not define __contains__ ( ) but do define __iter__ ( ) , x in y is True if some value z , for which the expression x is z or x == z is true , is produced while iterating over y .
If an exception is raised during the iteration , it is as if in raised that exception .
Lastly , the old - style iteration protocol is tried : if a class defines __getitem__ ( ) , x in y is True if and only if there is a non-negative integer index i such that x is y[ i ] or x == y[ i ] , and no lower integer index raises the IndexError exception .
( If any other exception is raised , it is as if in raised that exception ) .
The operator not in is defined to have the inverse truth value of in .
6.10.3 . Identity comparisons ¶
The operators is and is not test for an object ’s identity : x is y is true if and only if x and y are the same object .
An Object ’s identity is determined using the id ( ) function .
x is not y yields the inverse truth value .
6.11 . Boolean operations ¶ or_test ::= and_test | or_test " or " and_test and_test ::= not_test | and_test " and " not_test not_test ::= comparison | " not " not_test
In the context of Boolean operations , and also when expressions are used by control flow statements , the following values are interpreted as false : False , None , numeric zero of all types , and empty strings and containers ( including strings , tuples , lists , dictionaries , sets and frozensets ) .
All other values are interpreted as true .
User - defined objects can customize their truth value by providing a __bool__ ( ) method .
The operator not yields
True if its argument is false , False otherwise .
The expression x and y first evaluates x ; if x is false , its value is returned ; otherwise , y is evaluated and the resulting value is returned .
The expression x or y first evaluates x ; if x is true , its value is returned ; otherwise , y is evaluated and the resulting value is returned .
Note that neither and nor or restrict the value and type they return to False and True , but rather return the last evaluated argument .
This is sometimes useful , e.g. , if s is a string that should be replaced by a default value if it is empty , the expression s or ' foo ' yields the desired value .
Because not has to create a new value , it returns a boolean value regardless of the type of its argument ( for example , not ' foo ' produces False rather than '' . )
6.12 . Assignment expressions ¶ assignment_expression ::= [ identifier " := " ] expression
An assignment expression ( sometimes also called a “ named expression ” or “ walrus ” ) assigns an expression to an identifier , while also returning the value of the expression .
One common use case is when handling matched regular expressions : if matching := pattern .
search ( data ) : do_something ( matching )
Or , when processing a file stream in chunks : while chunk := file .
read ( 9000 ) : process ( chunk )
New in version 3.8 : See PEP 572 for more details about assignment expressions .
6.13 . Conditional expressions ¶ conditional_expression ::= or_test [ " if " or_test " else " expression ] expression ::= conditional_expression | lambda_expr expression_nocond ::= or_test | lambda_expr_nocond Conditional expressions ( sometimes called a “ ternary operator ” ) have the lowest priority of all Python operations .
The expression x if C else y first evaluates the condition , C rather than x .
If C is true , x is evaluated and its value is returned ; otherwise , y is evaluated and its value is returned .
See PEP 308 for more details about conditional expressions .
6.14 . Lambdas¶ lambda_expr ::= " lambda " [ parameter_list ] " : " expression lambda_expr_nocond ::= " lambda " [ parameter_list ] " : " expression_nocond Lambda expressions ( sometimes called lambda forms ) are used to create anonymous functions .
The expression lambda parameters : expression yields a function object .
The unnamed object behaves like a function object defined with : def < lambda >( parameters ) : return expression See section Function definitions for the syntax of parameter lists .
Note that functions created with lambda expressions cannot contain statements or annotations .
6.15 . Expression lists ¶ expression_list ::= expression ( " , " expression ) * [ " , " ] starred_list ::= starred_item ( " , " starred_item ) * [ " , " ] starred _expression ::= expression | ( starred_item " , " ) * [ starred_item ] starred_item ::= assignment_expression | " * " or_expr Except when part of a list or set display , an expression list containing at least one comma yields a tuple .
The length of the tuple is the number of expressions in the list .
The expressions are evaluated from left to right .
An asterisk * denotes iterable unpacking .
Its operand must be an iterable .
The iterable is expanded into a sequence of items , which are included in the new tuple , list , or set , at the site of the unpacking .
New in version 3.5 : Iterable unpacking in expression lists , originally proposed by PEP 448 .
The trailing comma is required only to create a single tuple ( a.k.a. a singleton ) ; it is optional in all other cases .
A single expression without a trailing comma does n’t create a tuple , but rather yields the value of that expression .
( To create an empty tuple , use an empty pair of parentheses : ( ) . )
6.16 . Evaluation order ¶ Python evaluates expressions from left to right .
Notice that while evaluating an assignment , the right - hand side is evaluated before the left - hand side .
In the following lines , expressions will be evaluated in the arithmetic order of their suffixes : expr1 , expr2 , expr3 , expr4 ( expr1 , expr2 , expr3 , expr4 ) { expr1 : expr2 , expr3 : expr4 } expr1 + expr2 * ( expr3 - expr4 ) expr1 ( expr2 , expr3 , * expr4 , ** expr5 ) expr3 , expr4 = expr1 , expr2
From
Wendy McElroy
&
Gawker
:
In response to a flood of Facebook and YouTube videos that depict police abuse , a new trend in law enforcement is gaining popularity .
In at least three states , it is now illegal to record any on - duty police officer .
Even if the encounter involves you and may be necessary to your defense , and even if the recording is on a public street where no expectation of privacy exists .
The legal justification for arresting the " shooter " rests on existing wiretapping or eavesdropping laws , with statutes against obstructing law enforcement sometimes cited .
Illinois , Massachusetts , and Maryland are among the 12 states in which all parties must consent for a recording to be legal unless , as with TV news crews , it is obvious to all that recording is underway .
Since the police do not consent , the camera - wielder can be arrested .
Most all - party - consent states also include an exception for recording in public places where " no expectation of privacy exists " ( Illinois does not ) but in practice this exception is not being recognized .
_____
The Government has confirmed it is to ask Israel to withdraw a member of staff at its embassy in Dublin following a report into the use of Irish passport numbers by suspects in the murder of a Hamas official .
The recommendation that the official be expelled arose following the consideration of two reports – one from the Garda and the other from the Department of Foreign Affairs passport service .
Eight fake Irish passports were among a number used by those allegedly responsible for assassinating Mahmoud Al Mabhouh in Dubai on January 19th .
Minister for Foreign Affairs Micheál Martin said he briefed the Government on the outcome of the investigations this morning .
He said investigations had discovered no additional evidence linking the Irish passports to Israel .
“ The fact that the forged Irish passports were used by members of the same group who carried the forged British and Australian passports , leads us to the inescapable conclusion that an Israeli government agency was responsible for the misuse and , most likely , the manufacture of the forged Irish passports associated with the murder of Mr Mabhouh . ”
The Minister said efforts to enlist the assistance of the Israeli authorities in the investigation of this case had “ yielded no response and no denial " of Israeli involvement .
“ The misuse of Irish passports by a State with , with which Ireland enjoys friendly , if sometimes frank , bilateral relations is clearly unacceptable and requires a firm response , " he said .
" Accordingly , I have proposed , and the Government has agreed at today ’s Cabinet meeting , that by way of protest at its unacceptable action , Israel be requested to withdraw a designated member of staff of its embassy in Dublin .
This demand has been conveyed to the Israeli ambassador and I would expect it to be quickly acceded to . ”
Mr Martin said that in accordance with normal diplomatic practice , he did not propose to reveal either the name or function of the official whom the Israeli government had been requested to withdraw .
“ I want to state clearly that the official concerned is not accused or suspected of any particular wrongdoing .
In being obliged to leave their post prematurely , the official concerned is a victim of the actions of the state they represent . ”
Mr Martin said the Government had invested heavily in making the Irish passport the respected document which it is internationally and in improving the security of our system so that Irish citizens can travel in safety .
“ Any actions which endanger our well earned reputation in this area require determined action to ensure there is no repetition .
“ I believe that , by taking decisive action in this regard , the Government is conveying a clear message of protest at what has occurred and our firm expectation that it will not happen again . ”
He said the Government condemned the murder of Mr Mabhouh .
“ Many allegations have been made against Mr Mabhouh which , if true , would categorise him as a committed terrorist .
The Irish Government does not believe that States should fight terror with terror .
As a matter of principle , Ireland opposes extra-judicial killings .
We believe that States have a duty to operate according to the law and to respect that way of life that terrorists seek to destroy . ”
Mr Martin said he very much wanted Ireland and Israel to enjoy productive bilateral relations .
“ Even more , I want to see Israelis living in peace and prosperity in a state recognised by its neighbours . ”
But he said the Government and the “ vast majority of the Irish people disagree with certain policies pursued by the Israeli government , particularly in its relations with the occupied Palestinian territories ” .
“ I will not hesitate to express criticism of such policies where I believe this is warranted and where the policies in question , such as the current blockade of Gaza , are inimical to the achievement of a viable two - state solution to the Israeli - Palestinian conflict and a comprehensive overall settlement in the Middle East . ”
In a statement , the Israeli embassy said the ambassador Dr Zion Evrony was invited this morning to a meeting with David Cooney , secretary general of the Department of Foreign Affairs .
" At this meeting , Ambassador Evrony was informed of the decision of the Irish government .
Israel regrets this decision .
" We believe that it does not reflect the overall positive relations which exist between Ireland and Israel . "
London , England ( CNN ) --
Archaeologists studying the iconic Stonehenge monument in southern England have uncovered a second prehistoric henge - like circle only 900 meters away , which they hope will shed more light on the mysterious stone landmark .
The remains , comprising a circular ditch surrounding a ring of 24 internal pits up to one meter in diameter and designed to allow posts to support a free - standing , timber structure up to three meters high -- are thought to date from the late Neolithic period , some 4,500 years ago .
" Although it would have been made out of timber rather than stone , it 's comparable in scale to the existing Stonehenge monument , " said Henry Chapman of the University of Birmingham in central England .
Chapman was one of the British - led team involved in a multi-million dollar project to " map " the World Heritage site , using state - of - the - art imaging technology to recreate " virtually " the iconic monument and its surroundings .
The images , which resemble a lunar landscape , provide an outline of the circle buried under the surface with its opposing north - east and south - west entrances , together with what archaeologists believe to be a burial mound in the center .
" Rather than giving us a map or plan of what is buried , this technology allows us to see it in three dimensions , " Chapman told CNN .
" We can almost excavate the site virtually by peeling off five centimeters at a time to see what is there . "
Project leader , Professor Vince Gaffney of the University of Birmingham , hailed the find as one of the most significant yet for those researching Britain 's most important prehistoric structure .
" This finding is remarkable , " he said in a statement on the university 's website .
" It will completely change the way we think about the landscape around Stonehenge .
" People have tended to think that as Stonehenge reached its peak it was the paramount monument , existing in splendid isolation .
This discovery is completely new and extremely important in how we understand Stonehenge and its landscape . "
Chapman added that the find may be the start of an exciting new chapter at Stonehenge .
" We 're just in the first year of a four - year project , so we 'd expect to find lots more between the known monuments we see at present and hopefully fill the gaps in our knowledge , " he said .
Debate has raged about the origins and purpose of Stonehenge , located on Salisbury Plain approximately 90 miles west of London .
Known for its orientation in relation to the rising and setting sun , the circle of stones represented a prehistoric temple to some .
Others argued it was an astronomical observatory .
Or that it was a marker of time .
But last year , archaeologists unearthed a new stone circle a mile from Stonehenge that they said lent credence to the theory that the famous monument was part of a funeral complex .
Dubbed " Bluestonehenge " after the color of the 25 Welsh stones of which it was once composed , the new find sat along the banks of the nearby River Avon .
University of Bristol archaeologist Joshua Pollard suggested Neolithic peoples would have come down river by boat and literally stepped off into Bluestonehenge .
They may have congregated at certain times of the year , including the winter solstice , and carried remains of the dead from Bluestonehenge down an almost two - mile funeral processional route to a cemetery at Stonehenge to bury them .
The latest project , which is supported by the site 's landowner , the National Trust , and facilitated by English Heritage , brought together the most sophisticated geophysics team ever to be engaged in a single archaeological project in Britain , involving archaeologists and other specialists from the UK , Austria , Germany , Norway and Sweden .
It almost goes without saying that the general notion of nirvana is difficult to get a hold of .
There has been , always it seems , a diversity of opinions as to its correct meaning .
Some Western scholars in the past have generally put nirvana into the camp of annihilation or extinction .
This , I must say , is rather odd ; bordering on the laughable .
I ca n’t imagine a Buddhist monk working hard on effecting self - extinction , short of suicide , trying to annihilate his existence — whatever that means .
On the other hand , it would make more sense just to say this monk is trying to effect the extinction of all the necessary conditions that make rebirth , and with it suffering , inevitable .
It makes no sense to entertain the belief or the view that nirvana is a special kind of annihilation that ends in a state of complete oblivion , that is , absolute forgetfulness which seems to be on a par with the Western view of death .
Turning this around , it is from forgetting ( avidya ) our immortal true nature that we are in this present samsaric pickle from which we can't escape .
In light of this , the Buddha ’s nirvana has to be a state that does n’t oblivionize or extinguish us but , instead , leads us — fully awake — beyond our present dark world of samsara in which we are going around and around from one birth to another .
My own opinion , after reading Roger - Pol Droit 's book , The Cult of Nothingness , is Western educated opinion about Buddhism , which includes nirvana , seems to be always heading in the direction of ‘ mystical death ’ in some form or other .
This might be in the direction of attained nihilism in which subject - object consciousness becomes absent ; or it might be a kind of felicitous death with shades of Christian resurrection ; or self - forgetting .
But this does n’t come close to nirvana .
Nirvana is certainly beyond death and , to be sure , mystical death in which case the Western mind has no way to even begin to approach Buddhism on Buddhism ’s own terms .
This is understandable .
The modern
West has very little in the way of traditions comparable with Buddhism by which it might understand Buddhism ’s nirvana unlike the Chinese who had Taoism ( Daoism ) .
A comparable Western tradition was put an end to around the 4th century by the Christian Church .
It is only in recent memory that the West learned about Plato and Plotinus because of the domination of the so - called Dark Ages which began with the end of classical antiquity .
However , Buddhism can be understood and nirvana won if one is willing to junk the Western mindset which bids us not to look too deep within .
A good dose of studying Greek philosophers from classical antiquity like Plato and Plotinus , just to name a few , are a helpful antidote , who were inspired by the Eleusinian Mysteries which in the last blog I touched upon .
Nor should we sell , Indian philosophy or Chinese Taoism short either .
Both are exceptional .
Modern Buddhists who stubbornly wish to stick with the current Western path , which these days it seems is headed down an agnostic highway , would do well to consider that this highway is not going in the direction of nirvana , but quite opposite .
It is going nowhere .
As a result , such wayfarers will never reach nirvana the timeless , nirvana as ultimate reality ( paramartha satya ) , nirvana the eternal , the changeless , or reach nirvana the immortal ( amrita ) .
They will only reach samsara .
CLEVELAND HEIGHTS , OH–The aesthetic judgment of Paul Gaskill , a graphic designer working on a brochure for Valley View Apartments , was " severely clouded " by a desire to use a new Adobe Photoshop plug - in , coworkers at Blue Moon Design said Monday .
Photoshop plug - in enthusiast Paul Gaskill .
Advertisement
" Looking at this brochure , it 's obvious Paul just wanted to use the ' wave ' frame effect from that new PhotoFrame 2.0 software package we got last week , " fellow Blue Moon graphic designer Jared Mahaffey said .
" There 's whacked - out , psychedelic edges all over the place–on the photos , on the floor - plan charts , even on the text boxes , for God 's sake . "
The wave effect , one of PhotoFrame 2.0's many features , creates a distorted wavy edge around the perimeter of a photo at the click of a mouse .
Using the plug - in , a frame can also be distorted , colored , scaled , or softened –effects used inappropriately and excessively by Gaskill in his brochure for the Parma , OH , apartment complex .
Advertisement
" Clearly , Paul was extremely excited about this new plug - in , " said coworker Danielle Rice , pointing to a warped , psychedelicized photo of Valley View 's on - site laundry facilities .
" He was like a kid in a candy store . "
According to Rice , Blue Moon Design received PhotoFrame 2.0 on Sept. 20 as part of a MacWarehouse order .
Gaskill , she said , installed it on his computer the same day .
After an hour of experimenting with the plug - in 's various features , he was overheard declaring it " some killer software , " exhorting coworkers to come over to his desk to " check it out . "
Advertisement
" If you think [ Photoshop 's ] Ocean Ripple [ filter ] is cool , you 've got to see this new PhotoFrame stuff , " Gaskill told several coworkers gathered around his workstation .
" I can hardly believe all those times I went to the trouble of using a quick mask , blurring the image , then pixillating it with the ' crystallize ' effect to refract the softened edges .
Man , those were the Dark Ages . "
While Gaskill , 29 , admitted to making liberal use of PhotoFrame 2.0 , he insists that it was appropriate for the job at hand .
Advertisement
" Sure , I was eager to try out the new plug - in , " Gaskill said , " but only because it was perfect for this job .
The wave - frame effect gives Valley View Apartments that dynamic , cutting - edge feel it needs .
It communicates that Valley View living is so convenient and affordable , it 'll blow your freakin ' mind . "
Despite Gaskill 's confidence , fellow Blue Moon graphic designers say they would have given the brochure a more traditional look .
Advertisement
" It 's an ad for an apartment complex , not a head shop , " Mahaffey said .
" Why would you want to show Valley View 's ' convenient on - site parking ' and ' friendly office team ' through a hallucinogenic haze ? "
Mahaffey said this is not the first time he has seen a graphic designer led astray by an exciting new Photoshop plug -in .
Advertisement
" It happens more than you 'd think around here , " Mahaffey said .
" With Marty [ Boyd ] , it was the blur features .
' Motion blur , ' ' gaussian blur , ' ' radial blur ' –you name it , he 'd blur it .
With Rebecca [ Almeida ] , it was the Alien Skin Eye Candy effects .
The temptation is always going to be there . "
Alarmingly , Gaskill 's journey of graphic - effects discovery may only be beginning .
The wave effect , Mahaffey said , is just one of hundreds of PhotoFrame 2.0 options .
With the plug - in , users can easily make an image glow , cast a shadow , and create charcoal outlines .
Mahaffey said he expects to see many of these effects surface in Gaskill 's work in the near future .
Advertisement
" If he goes deeper into the Volume 3 digital collection , there 's going to be real trouble , " Mahaffey said .
" Unless we can somehow break through to him , we 're going to see ' Comet , ' ' Disco ' — good Lord , even ' Bubbles ' . "
Though it claims no responsibility , Extensis , the Portland - based maker of PhotoFrame 2.0 , expressed regret over the botched Valley View brochure .
Advertisement
" I 'm sorry to hear that a less - than - perfect brochure was created with our software , " Extensis CEO Greg Fleming said .
" Perhaps we could make it up to Mr. Gaskill with a demo version of Suitcase 9.0 .
It 's packed with automated features that make it easier than ever to use literally thousands of great fonts , everything from Snowcap to Alphabet Soup Tilt . "
On 17 January 1961 Patrice Lumumba , the charismatic first and only elected prime minister of Congo , was brutally murdered .
The circumstances of his death remain a mystery , the identity of his killers unknown .
In 1956 Lumumba was a post office clerk ; four years later he would be prime minister .
In between he had been an ‘ évolué ’ — one of Congo ’s tiny black middle class — a beer salesman , and a prisoner , twice for his political motivation .
His imprisonment radicalised him and by 1958 he had co-founded a political party , the National Congolese Movement , the MNC that was distinctively pan-Africanist .
Independence Day was celebrated on 30 June in a ceremony attended by many dignitaries including King Baudouin and the foreign dignitaries and press .
Patrice Lumumba delivered his famous independence speech after being officially excluded from the event programme , despite being the new prime minister .
The speech of King Baudouin praised developments under colonialism , his reference to the ‘ genius ’ of his great grand - uncle Leopold II of Belgium glossing over atrocities committed during the Congo Free State .
The King continued , ‘ Do n’t compromise the future with hasty reforms , and do n’t replace the structures that Belgium hands over to you until you are sure you can do better .
. . .
Do n’t be afraid to come to us .
We will remain by your side , give you advice . ’
In his speech , addressed directly to Belgium ’s monarch and ministers , Lumumba reclaimed the history and dignity of the Congolese people in their decades - long struggle for independence :
‘ For this independence of the Congo . . . no Congolese worthy of the name will ever be able to forget that it was by fighting that it has been won , a day - to - day fight , an ardent and idealistic fight , a fight in which we were spared neither privation nor suffering , and for which we gave our strength and our blood .
. . .
We are proud of this struggle , of tears , of fire , and of blood , to the depths of our being , for it was a noble and just struggle , and indispensable to put an end to the humiliating slavery which was imposed upon us by force . ’
Lumumba was prime minister for only about two months before he was removed illegally from office and eventually killed .
This occurred under the auspices and coordination of a section of the United Nations loyal to the Belgian government , the Belgian authorities and the US Central Intelligence Agency .
On 11 July 1960 , the resource - rich Katanga province announced it was seceding under the leadership of Moise Tshombe .
Belgium ’s troops promptly entered in support .
This move provoked a wave of international outrage , in particular criticism by the socialist bloc , spearheaded by the Soviet Union , and the decolonising nations in Africa and Asia .
The Belgians withdrew in favour of UN troops , but the UN did not nullify Tshombe ’s secession .
Prime Minister Lumumba appealed to the UN and United States , but the imperialist powers turned a deaf ear to the new African leader .
He turned to the Soviet Union , which provided loyal forces with aid and transported troops to help end the secession .
On 5 September , the pro-imperialist president , Kasavubu , illegally removed Lumumba from office .
Lumumba brought his case directly to the parliament , which reaffirmed his post .
In response , Kasavubu dismissed the parliament .
UN General Secretary Dag Hammarskjold publicly endorsed Kasavubu ’s move .
A section of the UN forces loyal to the Belgian government had earlier hampered Lumumba by closing a radio station he was using to plead his case with the people .
Amid the struggle , Colonel Joseph Mobutu took power in a CIA - backed coup d’état on the side of Kasavubu and the United States .
Lumumba was placed under house arrest , ‘ protected ’ by UN troops actively intervening against his rule .
Lumumba understood that the UN was acting as the armed forces of the Western imperialist powers .
Rather than stay under house arrest , he decided to flee .
As he was fleeing , he was captured by Mobutu ’s forces on 1 December 1960 .
Mobutu handed over Lumumba to the secessionist Tshombe , who had him executed on the very night of his capture .
The whole capture by Mobutu and turnover to Tshombe was orchestrated by Belgian authorities with the full knowledge and aid of the CIA .
Mobutu gained in power under the new government , eventually ruling as a brutal dictator with the support of US imperialism until he was ousted in 1997 .
This year , the Democratic Republic of Congo has celebrated 50 years of independence , and amidst the noise and cacophony , the name of one of Africa ’s greatest ancestors and his significant contributions to the African liberation movement has gone silent .
The meaning of the life and the work of Patrice Lumumba was rooted in his determination to fight against the forces of domination and oppression that were represented by the European world in the most turbulent period of the history of the Congo , and as such , as the Democratic Republic of Congo held festivities to mark 50 years of independence and symbolically usher in a new era breathing in new ethos and values , focus should have been to reflect on the steadfast efforts of Lumumba in his quest for the real movement of the people of Africa .
The celebration should have been to reflect on Lumumba ’s main contribution to the Congolese struggle , his articulation of the idea of a united Congo , a vision that sought to build a united nations across all ethnic and tribal divisions despite fierce European opposition .
A vision that paralleled his Pan -African sentiment of African unity , both ideals that were unacceptable to the imperialist powers , which sought a Congo and Africa riven with internal strife in order to be held in submission .
As the political elite in the Democratic Republic of Congo continue to suffer from the hangover of toasting with their Belgian masters , after their heavy indulgence , and celebrations marked by the entertainment parading of their poverty - stricken populace , who could not comprehend what was happening , let us reflect on and walk the legacy of Patrice Lumumba .
A legacy reflected in the pan-African aims , institutions and policies of the African Union and in the guiding ethos behind the adoption of the Ezulwini Consensus , which proposes a permanent African seat in a reformed United Nations Security Council .
His ability to evoke so powerfully the extent of his people ’s subjugation derived from a rare understanding of the inherent duplicity of the colonial discourse .
As Jean Van Lierde put it :
‘ He was the only Congolese leader who rose above the ethnic difficulties and tribal preoccupations that destroyed all the other parties .
Lumumba was the first real pan-African .’
Shortly before his assassination , Lumumba penned the following words in a farewell letter :
‘ The only thing we wanted for our country was the right to a decent existence , to dignity without hypocrisy , to independence without restrictions .
. . .
The day will come when history will have its say . ’
In conclusion , we can say that the external enemies , ( or the enemies from without ) , and internal enemies ( or the enemies from within ) , led to the demise and death of Patrice Lumumba .
But , fortunately , his legacy lives on .
Mwaura Kaara is the youth focal point at United Nations Millennium Campaign , Africa .
This article was first published in Pambazuka News on 8 July 2010 under a Creative Commons license .
| Print
Alle casino ’s in onze top 10 van beste online casino’s :
bieden interessante casino bonussen aan
betalen gewonnen prijzengeld keurig op tijd uit
beschikken over betrouwbare kansspelvergunningen
spelen het spelletje eerlijk !
Het selecteren van online casino ’s gebeurt puur op basis van kwaliteit .
De online casino ’s op deze website zijn stuk voor stuk betrouwbare online casino’s .
Al deze online casino ’s zijn op de volgende punten getoetst .
De beste online casino bonussen
Een van de grootste voordelen van online casino ’s ten opzichte van landbased casino ’s is de online casino bonus .
Als je je aanmeldt bij online casino ’s , krijg je bonussen .
Online casino bonussen zijn er in alle soorten en maten .
Je kunt zelfs wel spreken van een onoverzichtelijke jungle van online casino bonussen .
Online Casino ’s België helpt je door deze jungle heen te komen .
We kijken scherp naar de aangeboden bonussen .
Dat gaat verder dan alleen kijken naar de centen en de procenten .
Zo kijken we bijvoorbeeld uiterst kritisch naar de van toepassing zijnde bonusvoorwaarden .
Vervelende bonusvoorwaarden kunnen zorgen voor een hele zure nasmaak .
Er zijn diverse soorten online casino bonussen :
De online casino bonus zonder storting
Dit is voor veel spelers de meest aantrekkelijke casino bonus .
Sommige spelers maken er zelfs een sport van elk online casino met een no deposit bonus af te struinen .
Het idee is simpel : je maakt een account aan en je ontvangt gratis speelkrediet van het casino online .
Vaak zijn dit relatief kleine bedragen , tussen de € 2 en € 25 .
Er gelden vaak strenge voorwaarden om over te kunnen gaan tot uitbetalingen .
Eerst moet het bonusgeld enkele tientallen keren rondgespeeld worden .
Ook gelden er vaak maximale inzetlimieten en maximale uitbetalingen .
De no deposit bonus is vooral bedoeld als lokkertje om je kennis te laten maken met het casino online .
Online casino ’s zijn beducht voor professionele bonusjagers .
Daarom worden er nogal wat beperkende spelregels opgesteld .
Stortingsbonus als welkomstbonus
De meest voorkomende casino bonus is natuurlijk de stortingsbonus .
Op enkele uitzonderingen na , geeft elk internetcasino een bonus weg als je een storting doet bij het casino .
Deze welkomstbonus ontvang je bij de eerste storting bij het casino .
Je krijgt dan een bepaald percentage van je storting als extraatje .
Meestal is dit 100 procent tot 200 procent .
Sommige online casino ’s geven zelfs meer bonus weg .
Welkomstbonussen hebben vaak rondspeelvoorwaarden en inzetlimieten .
Het is belangrijk dat je vooraf goed door hebt welke voorwaarden van toepassing zijn op je bonus .
Het niet naleven van de bonusvoorwaarden leidt tot het niet uitbetaald krijgen van je winst .
Dat is natuurlijk niet de bedoeling .
Free spins
Tegenwoordig geven de meeste casino ’s ook free spins weg bij de eerste storting .
Je krijgt dan free spins en euro ’s welkomsbonus .
Het aantal free spins verschilt nogal per casino .
Sommige goksites geven 10 gratis spins weg , terwijl andere sites tot wel 450 gratis spins weggeven .
De voorwaarden zijn vaak ook nogal wisselend .
Sommige casinowebsites geven de spins weg zonder rondspeelvoorwaarden .
Win je wat ?
Dan kun je dit direct uit laten betalen .
Op andere plekken moet je je winst eerst een aantal keren rondspelen voor je iets uit kunt laten betalen .
De free spins zijn meestal spins met de minimale inzet .
Het is dus zaak om verder te kijken dan naar het aantal free spins .
Daar helpen wij je uiteraard bij op weg .
Online gokkasten
Online is dat wel anders .
De meeste online gokpaleizen bieden vele honderden verschillende online gokkasten , ook wel online slot machines genoemd .
Een ander belangrijk voordeel is de hogere uitkeringspercentages .
Online slot machines kennen een herverdelingspercentage van 95 tot 98 procent .
Landbased ligt dat gevoelig lager .
Er zijn gokkasten in alle geuren en kleuren : fraai ontworpen slots met om de haverklap vallende bonusspelletjes voor spelers op zoek naar entertainment , maar ook snoeiharde hoge variantie gokkasten voor de echte gokkers op jacht naar grote geldprijzen !
Over grote geldprijzen gesproken .
Online lopen de jackpots op tot 10 miljoen euro of meer .
In oktober 2015 won een Britse speler bij Betway maar liefst 18 miljoen euro op de Mega Moolah - gokkast .
Het kan je zomaar gebeuren , vanaf een inzet van € 0,25 per spin .
Live casino online
Ben je toch op zoek naar dat unieke casinosfeertje ?
Het geluid van de roulettekogel die door de cilinder slingert .
Of de vrouwelijke dealer die met een zwoele stem ‘ rien ne va plus ’ roept ?
Dan zijn er nog altijd de live casino’s .
Een live casino is een nabootsing van het echte casino .
Je speelt nu niet tegen een online speelautomaat of computer , maar tegen echte dealers en croupiers .
Van vlees en bloed .
Soms heb je zelfs Vlaamstalige dealers en croupiers tegenover je .
Inzetten kan al vanaf € 0,10 .
Dat is ook een stuk schappelijker dan in het “ echte casino ” .
Daar ben je pas welkom aan de speeltafel als je minimaal 5 euro per spelletje inzet .
Natuurlijk kan er wel hoger ingezet worden .
Wie wil , durft en kan , mag zelfs tot € 75.000 per spelletje inzetten !
Voor ieders budget wat wils dus .
Veilig geld storten bij en ontvangen van online casino’s
Online casino ’s bieden vaak een ruime waaier aan verschillende betaalmethoden aan .
Geld storten om te gokken via Bancontact / Mister Cash kan helaas niet via alle websites .
Gelukkig zijn er veel alternatieven .
Sofort bijvoorbeeld .
Kun je via Bancontact / Mister Cash online betalingen doen ?
Dan kan dit ook met Sofort .
Sofort is het alternatief voor iDEAL en Bancontact / Mister Cash .
Er zijn nog meer alternatieven .
Paypal , Skrill en Neteller bijvoorbeeld .
Dit zijn drie verschillende soorten internetwallets .
Het grote voordeel hiervan is dat je op deze manier een stuk sneller je betalingen kunt verzenden en ontvangen .
Ook wisselen Paypal , Skrill en Neteller minder informatie uit met de belastingdienst .
We willen niemand aanzetten tot iets , maar doe er je voordeel mee !
Een andere manier om geld te storten bij het online casino is de Paysafecard .
Dit is een soort van prepaid kredietkaart .
Een ideale manier natuurlijk om je gokbudget onder controle te houden .
Tot slot is er nog de kredietkaart .
In België kun je hier niet mee betalen via de in België gevestigde goksites en gokhallen .
Internationale aanbieders , met licenties in andere lidstaten van de Europese Unie bieden je wel de gelegenheid om te gokken via je kredietkaart .
Bij sommige goksites kun je zelfs gokken via de mobiele telefoon .
Toezicht op online casino’s
In Europa zijn er diverse toezichthouders die controle houden op online goksites .
In België is dit de Kansspelcommissie , maar in bijvoorbeeld Malta de Malta Gaming Authority en in het Verenigd Koninkrijk de UK Gambling Commission .
Het toezicht spitst zich onder meer toe op de casinospellen , uitbetalingen en de financiële situatie van de casino’s .
Dit zijn belangrijke punten .
Slot machines moeten bijvoorbeeld eerlijk spel bieden , zodat de beloofde herverdelingspercentages daadwerkelijk worden behaald en je een eerlijke kans hebt om te winnen .
De Britse UK Gambling Commission en de Malta Gaming Authority behoren tot de weinige toezichthouders die hier daadwerkelijk op toezien .
De financiële situatie van een casino is natuurlijk ook belangrijk .
Je hebt niets aan eerlijke winkansen als het online casino onbetrouwbaar is .
Of als men wel van goede wil is , maar simpelweg onvoldoende centjes in kas heeft om uit te betalen !
De moraliteit van de uitbaters wordt daarom getoetst .
Niet alleen bij het aanvragen van een licentie , maar doorlopend .
Check out our book decor selection for the very best in unique or custom , handmade pieces from our book sets & collections shops .
Image copyright SPL Image caption Anopheles mosquitoes spread malaria
Malaria kills around 800,000 people a year and is second only to tuberculosis in its impact on world health .
The parasitic disease is present in 90 countries and infects one in 10 of the world 's population - mainly people living in Africa , India , Brazil , Sri Lanka , Vietnam , Colombia and the Solomon Islands .
There are four main types of malaria , all spread via mosquitoes .
Ninety per cent of all malaria cases are in sub-Saharan Africa where it is the main cause of death and a major threat to child health .
Worldwide , a child dies of malaria every 30 seconds .
Pregnant women are also particularly vulnerable to the disease , which is curable if diagnosed early .
The economic impact of the disease is immense , causing many lost days of work and loss of tourism and investment .
Around 2,000 people a year in the UK get infected with malaria when abroad .
But it is preventable and curable .
What are the symptoms ?
Most people survive a bout of malaria after a 10 - 20 day illness , but it is important to spot the symptoms early .
The first symptoms include a headache , aching muscles and weakness or a lack of energy .
This means it can be confused for other conditions like exhaustion or flu .
Image copyright bbc
The classic sign of the infection is a high fever , followed a few hours later by chills .
Two to four days later , this cycle is repeated .
Symptoms can appear any time from six days after being bitten by a mosquito carrying the malaria parasite .
The time it takes symptoms to appear - the incubation period - can vary with the type of parasite that the mosquito was carrying .
The type of parasite will also determine whether the disease will be mild or severe .
Anyone can catch malaria and even the young and fit can die from a serious infection .
The most serious forms of the disease can affect the kidneys and brain and can cause anaemia , coma and death .
How many cases of malaria are there ?
According to the latest progress report from the World Health Organization ( WHO ) , malaria killed 781,000 people in 2009 , and there were 225 million cases .
This compares with 233 million cases , and 985,000 deaths in 2000 .
Seven countries are now free of malaria , said the WHO .
Efforts to eradicate malaria was first attempted on a large scale from 1955 to 1972 .
During that time 20 countries were declared free of malaria by the WHO .
However , there was a resurgence of malaria in the 80s and 90s , and the number dropped to only four countries .
How can malaria be contained ?
A great deal has been spent on malaria research .
The main thrust of study is towards developing a cheap vaccine .
None has yet been developed which is approved for general use .
When I mentioned the Solomon Islands , it was a Eureka moment .
As someone who had spent a number of years in Africa , she spotted the malarial signs Katie Fraser , BBC News Anti-malarial pills did n't stop me getting the disease
The spread of the disease can be reduced by cutting down the mosquito population , for example by filling ditches where mosquitoes breed .
Early diagnosis can lead to successful treatment so education in spotting the symptoms of malaria is important .
The spread of the disease can also be tracked and preparations made .
Bednets coated in insecticide have also reduced the incidence of the disease by up to 35 % , according to the World Health Organization .
Image caption EU ministers want to see changes to the way air traffic control works
EU transport ministers have agreed measures they say will help prevent further disruption to air travel as a result of volcanic ash .
The measures include speeding up current plans to integrate Europe 's air space , creating a " single European regulator for a single European sky " .
The European Commission will also draw up guidelines to allow national governments to compensate airlines .
Airlines are estimating losses of tens of millions of pounds due to the ash .
The disruption last month grounded planes in Europe for six days , leaving millions of passengers stranded .
Speaking after the meeting , the European Transport Commissioner Siim Kallas said it was important to ensure that " millions of people and businesses never have to re-live the crisis of the last few weeks " .
" This is going to continue to happen .
It might be next week .
It might be in 20 years .
But it will happen again ; and volcanoes do not obey rules , " he said .
The extraordinary meeting of European ministers follows criticism from the airline industry that governments took an over - cautious approach to the crisis , grounding flights unnecessarily .
State aid considered
It is hoped that creating a single regulator responsible for all of Europe 's airspace will provide a faster and more coherent response to similar situations in the future .
The plan was already scheduled for 2012 , but will now be brought forward to this year .
Image caption Millions of passengers were left stranded by the ban on flights
Airlines have also complained about the complexity of the current system , arguing that they currently have to negotiate 27 different air spaces across the EU .
The commissioner also said the EC would " stand ready " to draw up guidelines to allow governments to compensate their airlines for losses incurred as a result of air space closures .
No money from the EU itself will be committed , but in earlier comments Mr Kallas said he was open to the idea of compensation despite the strict EU rules on state aid .
Aer Lingus is the latest airline to quantify the effect of the disruption .
It estimated that it lost about 20 m euros ( $ 26.3 m ; £ 17.2 m ) as a result of the stoppages .
Meanwhile airlines including Ryanair have called for EU compensation for money they have paid out to accommodate and feed stranded passengers .
In the UK , the Association of British Insurers estimates that travel insurers will pay out about £ 62 m to passengers hit by the disruption .
Mr Kallas also indicated a desire to build " pan-European " transport networks that will be able to take over from the airlines should flights be grounded again .
But he added that the commission " would never compromise on safety " .
A favorite saying in business is that you have to spend money to make money .
Charitable organizations , on the other hand , have to spend money to give money , and it turns out that some are woefully inefficient at channeling donations to the people they 're supposed to help .
The nonprofit Charity Navigator website tracks such expenses via charities ’ disclosure statements to the IRS to provide donors with an assessment of how well charities run themselves .
Looking only at the supply side for the more than 5,500 charities that it tracks , the organization does not evaluate the impact on the recipients of funds , since that impact is often a subjective appraisal of " effectiveness . "
The statistics used in this list are from the most recent fiscal year 's data on the Charity Navigator Web site at the time of publication .
But it is safe to say that all donors give money not to pay for office supplies and inflated salaries for executives ( check out MainStreet 's overview of the highest - paid charity CEOs ) , but rather to the programs that charities undertake to further their goals .
It is with this philosophy that we highlight the 20 charities in the U.S. with the highest administrative costs , to show which groups take the most of each donated dollar for themselves , in some cases leaving less than half for the intended recipients of aid .
For a look at those whose admin costs are next to nothing , check MainStreet 's roundup of the 20 best charities in the U.S .
Whether it be rent on prime office space , generous pay and benefits for the board of directors , or the high fixed costs of running a summer camp , overhead like this reduces the impact of a charity no matter how that money is being spent .
Donor beware …
20 . Tucson Audubon Society
Administrative expenses : 42.8 %
Well - known for its many programs focused on the protection of biodiversity and the environment , the Audubon society , based in Washington , D.C. , has chapters across the country , run independently of the main office .
Its affiliate in Tucson , Arizona , which fosters interest in and conservation of the bird population of southern Arizona , has seen its administrative costs skyrocket as the recession has eaten into its incoming donations .
Partially due to Executive Director Paul Green ’s inflated salary of $ 78,800 , which accounts for more than 7 % of the group ’s expenses , the Tucson Audubon Society spends almost as much for its office as it does on the birds it aims to protect .
19 . New Hampshire Audubon
Administrative expenses : 42.8 %
Like the Tuscon Audubon Society , the New Hampshire Audobon has also struggled to maximize the amount of donations that go toward its environmental programs .
Much of the administrative costs can be traced to the group ’s seven visitor centers that it runs throughout the state , where staff organize classes , summer camps , and activities for children and adults .
These fixed costs mean that in lean years for donations , it is hard for the New Hampshire Audubon Society to trim down their considerable administrative expenses .
18 . Gospel to the Unreached Millions ( GUM )
Administrative expenses : 43.1 %
Based in Houston , this evangelical ministry is one of the least efficient in translating donations into international programs designed to spread its spiritual message .
With administrative expenses topping 43 % and fundraising expenses more than 38 % of its total budget , GUM was able to disburse a mere 18 % of incoming money to the targeted recipients of aid in its last reported fiscal year , 2006 .
Managing a budget of almost $ 1.5 million , GUM has a poor track record of directing that cash to its evangelical programs .
17 . American Psychiatric Foundation
Administrative expenses : 43.7 %
Psychiatric evaluation and treatment are a big business in the United States , with new conditions being identified and monitored seemingly every day .
The American Psychiatric Foundation , based in Arlington , Va. , tries to improve the public ’s understanding of mental illness and to advocate for early intervention programs and treatment services through grants , research funding and awards .
The group , which is the philanthropic arm of the American Psychiatric Association , has received consistently low ratings for its high administrative costs , which consistently reach more than $ 500,000 annually .
16 . Marshall Heights Community Development Organization ( MHCDO )
Administrative expenses : 44.1 %
Poverty has long been a problem in Washington , D.C. , where the Marshall Heights Community Development Organization seeks to improve the lives of the Ward 7 area of the district .
Focusing mainly on affordable housing and adult education and job placement services , the MHCDO manages a budget close to $ 4 million .
While its president , Michael Watts , pulls in an annual salary of more than $ 137,000 , the group ’s development of housing facilities and office space contributes to its high overhead costs and consequently low rating for operational efficiency .
15 . Please Touch Museum
Administrative expenses : 44.9 %
Museums , which seek to educate and improve the lives of their visitors , play an important role in a modern society .
The Please Touch Museum , founded in Philadelphia in 1976 , targets children ages seven and below using play as an educational tool .
With revenue of over $ 24 million in its last reported fiscal year ( 2008 ) , the museum funneled just $ 2 million of that to its community outreach programs .
A museum spokesman told MainStreet that the high administrative costs for the fiscal year were due to the one - time high cost of a major expansion and move .
14 . American Friends of the Open University of Israel ( AFOUI )
Administrative expenses : 45.2 %
The Open University of Israel , which runs 70 study centers and over 600 online courses , is the largest university in Israel and serves Israelis and Jews around the world .
Based in New York , the American Friends of the Open University of Israel is an advocacy group that supports Israeli communities in the United States and raises awareness of the contributions of the Jewish community in American society .
The group raises funds for scholarships , research centers , and other educational goals , but its high administrative expenses in its last reported fiscal year have stood in the way of maximizing the group ’s reach .
Having received higher marks in the past , the AFOUI will surely take steps to more efficiently manage its budget of around $ 4 million .
UPDATE : AFOUI 's administrative costs of 45.2 % were based on their FY2007 numbers , which at the time of publication was the most recent fiscal year available on Charity Navigator .
On June 1 , the date of this article 's publication , AFOUI added FY2008 numbers , which reported administrative costs of just 11 % .
13 . Peter G. Peterson Institute for International Economics
Administrative expenses : 45.4 %
With almost $ 10 million in revenue in its last reported year of 2007 , the Peter G. Peterson Institute for International Economics , a nonprofit , nonpartisan public policy research organization in Washington , D.C. , plays a considerable role in shaping U.S. economic policy .
Widely praised as being one of the few truly neutral research organizations in the field , the Peterson Institute takes considerable resources to run , with administrative costs totaling over $ 4 million of its 2007 budget of just over $ 9 million .
With the global economy in crisis and issues such as climate change and renewable energy being debated on the world stage , the Institute ’s highly - paid researchers are no doubt doing valuable work , though donors may be put off by how much of their dollars go to running the organization compared to the amount going to further its goals .
12 . Stan Hywet Hall & Gardens
Administrative expenses : 45.8 %
Like many historical landmarks , the Stan Hywet Hall & Gardens in Akron , Ohio is a window into the past .
The former home of one of the founders of the Goodyear Tire and Rubber Company , it was built in 1915 and was turned over to a nonprofit organization in 1957 .
The site exists to educate the public about itself : the history of the land , the owners , and the local rubber industry .
Maintenance of the property , as well as the $ 150,000 paid to its president and CEO , Harry Lynch , ate into the home ’s budget of over four and a half million dollars in fiscal year 2007 , which goes to educational programs for schoolchildren as well as the local population .
Being the only historical landmark in Akron , known at one time as the “ Rubber Capital of the World ” , the Stan Hywet house is an important local resource whose impact would surely be even more substantial if it could reduce its administrative overhead .
11 . Victorious Christian Living International
Administrative expenses : 46.0 %
Based in Phoenix , Arizona , VCLI is one of the smallest organizations on the list , as well as being one of the least efficient .
With a budget of only around $ 100,000 in fiscal year 2007 , the group spends almost half on administrative expenses stemming from the operational costs of running offices in Illinois , Alabama , Guatemala , and Cuba in addition to its headquarters in Arizona .
The organization , led by the charismatic Ray L’Amoreaux ( whose $ 24,000 salary represented 2.24 % of expenses in 2007 ) , seeks to help churches further their efforts to recruit more committed followers of Jesus .
10 . The Center for Individual Rights has been removed from this list .
Following the article 's publication , CIR contested their inclusion and provided Charity Navigator with an updated itemized list of their administrative and program expenses .
As a result of the update , CIR 's administrative expenses for FY2008 dropped from 46.1 % to 9.7 % ( as reflected in the functional expenses section of the CIR page on Charity Navigator ) .
9. Changed Lives
Administrative expenses : 47.4 %
Changed Lives is a Christian organization based in Tennessee whose message of Biblical values is broadcast streaming over the internet to followers around the world .
Carried by speaker Ben Haden , who began his broadcasting career at NBC in 1967 , Changed Lives features video lectures on a number of spiritual topics and distributes Bibles and other religious literature for free to its supporters .
While the organization ’s revenues have increased over the last three reported years , its overhead has more than kept pace , pushing administrative expenses to over 47 percent of the group ’s 2008 budget of around $ 790,000 .
8. Vision New England
Administrative expenses : 48.7 %
Another evangelical organization , Vision New England works with a network of over 5,000 churches to advance its goal of supporting and improving upon pastors ’ efforts to increase bring more New Englanders to faith in Jesus .
It does this through seminars and prayer groups throughout the region .
The group ’s $ 1.4 million budget in 2008 was significantly lower than the previous two fiscal years , but a significant rise in administrative costs during that same period brought overhead costs up to 48.7 percent of total expenses .
7. Charleston Area Medical Center Foundation ( CAMCF )
Administrative expenses : 48.8 %
West Virginia ’s Charleston Area Medical Center Foundation raises money for the hospital from which it gets its name , with donations in 2007 totaling over $ 26 million .
Representing a 10 percent increase over the previous year ’s revenue , the group ’s $ 2 million program expenses that year , however , represented a 19 percent decrease in the money distributed to further the hospital ’s research and community outreach goals , bringing it to number 7 on the list .
6. National Museum of Racing and Hall of Fame
Administrative expenses : 55.1 %
There has always been a lot of money in horse racing , and the New York - based National Museum of Racing and Hall of Fame has attracted some of that cash to further its goal of bringing the history and excitement of thoroughbred racing to the widest possible audience .
With a 2007 budget of over $ 2 million , the museum provides educational program for children and adults , and organizes trips to horse races for interested groups .
Unfortunately , over half of its expenses that year ( as well as the previous year ) went to administrative overhead , fueled in no small part by salaries paid to its director and acting director , together representing almost 10 percent of total expenses .
5. Cherokee National Historical Society
* Note : Following publication of this article , the Cherokee National Historical Society revised its filings to correct for " errors made by an outside accounting firm hired by the CNHS " and is now ranked as a four - star charity on CharityNavigator , the site 's highest ranking .
Administrative expenses : 58.2 %
Dedicated to preserving the history and traditions of the Cherokee people , the Cherokee National Historical Society , based in Oklahoma , is the fifth - most inefficient charity in the United States .
With administrative expenses of over 58 percent of total expenditures dwarfing the 39 percent spent on programs in fiscal year 2007 , the group saw its administrative costs almost triple from the previous year .
While the cultural center that it runs has been a resource for Cherokee history since 1963 , its skyrocketing overhead does not bode well for the group ’s future efforts at fundraising and outreach .
4. Union Rescue Mission , Little Rock
Administrative expenses : 62.1 %
Arkansas ’s Union Rescue Mission is the first charity on the list whose administrative expenses reached over 60 percent of total expenses for the last reported year .
The Mission ’s goals are of the highest importance , targeting hunger , victims of abuse , and people struggling with addiction in Arkansas and her neighboring states , which it pursues through the efforts of a few key Baptist reverends .
The massive increase in administrative costs in fiscal year 2008 over the previous year , according to Executive Director William Toffett , were due more to accounting issues than operational costs , suggesting that the group ’s recent poor performance is not indicative of fundamental inefficiencies in the mission itself .
3. National Council of Negro Women ( NCNW )
Administrative expenses : 64 %
Serving as an umbrella organization for 39 national and local advocacy groups for women of African descent both in the U.S. and abroad , the National Council of Negro Women coordinates its activities with partners in 34 states .
The Council also runs four research and policy centers in its efforts to develop best practices in addressing the health , educational , and economic needs of African - American women .
Unfortunately , all of these centers take a lot of resources to run , and with administrative costs upwards of $ 4 million in 2007 , there is comparatively little left over in the group ’s approximately $ 6 million budget for programs .
2. Boys Choir of Harlem
Administrative expenses : 66.3 %
Long - respected for its role in improving the lives of disadvantaged and impoverished young people in Harlem , New York , the Boys Choir of Harlem went all the way to the White House , performing for sitting presidents since Lyndon Johnson .
The group , which for 30 years turned neighborhood kids into performing singers , ended in disgrace last year after a child abuse accusation and the death of its founder in 2007 .
Drowning in debt with high administrative costs soaking up much of its ever - decreasing budget , the Harlem Boys Choir suffered the most dramatic fall from grace of any group on the list .
1. American Tract Society
Administrative expenses : 68.0 %
Topping the list of America ’s worst charities is an organization that spent more than $ 1.6 million dollars on its administrative expenses in 2007 , over twice what it spent the previous year .
The American Tract Society , based in Texas , distributes religious literature to spread its message around the world .
With a history of low ratings from Charity Navigator , the group ’s administrative expenses have consistently outpaced the amount of donations coming in .
While the group receives income from other sources than contributions , donors to the American Tract Society may be surprised to know that the recipient is the most inefficient in the country at maximizing the impact of its donations .
Check out MainStreet 's recent story about lining up tax deductions through charitable giving .
— For the best rates on loans , bank accounts and credit cards , enter your ZIP code at BankingMyWay.com .
Sarah Palin : Fiscal Conservatism Should n’t Apply To Defense Spending
Sarah Palin is among a group of Republicans concerned that the Tea Party movement 's fiscal conservatism could pose a danger to defense spending .
Doug Mataconis · · 29 comments
It looks like Sarah Palin is trying to convince her Tea Party admirers that their devotion to fiscal conservatism should n’t apply to defense spending :
Sarah Palin is waging a battle inside the Tea Party movement to exempt defense spending from the group ’s small - government , anti-deficit fervor .
There ’s growing concern among Republicans — and especially among the pro-defense neoconservative wing of the party — that national - security spending , which is under a level of scrutiny and pressure not seen since the end of the Cold War , could fall victim to the anti-establishment , anti-spending agenda of the Tea Party movement .
Palin , as the unofficial leader of that movement and its most prominent celebrity , is moving to carve out such funding from any drives to cut overall government expenditures .
(…)
Palin ’s drive to lead the charge against defense cuts on the right was on display in a June 27 speech at “ Freedom Fest , ” a conservative gathering in Norfolk , VA , where she sent a clear message to Republicans that deficit reduction can’t come at the expense of the military .
“ Something has to be done urgently to stop the out of control Obama - Reid - Pelosi spending machine , and no government agency should be immune from budget scrutiny , ” she said .
“ We must make sure , however , that we do nothing to undermine the effectiveness of our military .
If we lose wars , if we lose the ability to deter adversaries , if we lose the ability to provide security for ourselves and for our allies , we risk losing all that makes America great !
That is a price we cannot afford to pay . ”
Palin also directly took on Defense Secretary Robert Gates , a Republican , challenging his drive to reign in procurement spending and reevaluate the need for certain huge weapons systems and platforms .
“ Secretary Gates recently spoke about the future of the U.S. Navy .
He said we have to ‘ask whether the nation can really afford a Navy that relies on $ 3 to $ 6 billion destroyers , $ 7 billion submarines , and $ 11 billion carriers . ’
He went on to ask , ‘ Do we really need … more strike groups for another 30 years when no other country has more than one ? ' ”
Palin said .
“ Well , my answer is pretty simple : Yes , we can and , yes , we do , because we must . ”
Palin ’s enthusiasm for defense spending without regard to whether it ’s actually useful is n’t shared by all Republicans , though :
Republican Sen .
Tom Coburn of Oklahoma sent a letter to the commission explaining exactly why he thinks defense spending is ripe for cost-cutting .
“ I appreciate that some of these thoughts are controversial , ” he wrote , “ even to the point that I have some reluctance in suggesting them ” — highlighting the sensitivity of even challenging increased defense spending , something of a third rail in GOP politics .
“ However , if we are to fulfill our mandate , we must make some difficult choices , not just recommend that others do so , ” he said .
Coburn , of course , is absolutely right on this one , and Palin is completely wrong .
If we are going rein in Federal spending and make a serious move toward cutting the budget deficit , then there is no area that can be completely off the table , including a $ 700 billion defense budget .
To say otherwise while claiming the mantle of fiscal conservatism is to be a completely hypocrite and , if Palin is serious about her comment that defense spending is untouchable , and similarly serious about her previous comments that tax increases are out of the question , then she is demonstrate an astounding amount of economic illiteracy .
You ca n’t pay for something with nothing , Mrs. Palin , and you ca n’t call yourself a fiscal conservative if you ’re not really serious about spending cuts .
And your comments demonstrate a distinct lack of seriousness .
H/T : United Liberty
Props : Fighters Only
Quoteworthy :
" Yes [ a loss at UFC 115 would be the end of Chuck Liddell 's career ] , and I think he will say the same thing .
But let me tell you what the difference is - the difference before , when I wanted him retired , was that he was n't doing the right thing .
He was out partying every night and doing the wrong thing not the right thing .
He was n't living the life of a professional athlete ...
He and I sat down and talked and I will tell you what , he has kept his word .
He has been phenomenal shape since the beginning of The Ultimate Fighter and it will be interesting to see how he does .
Because Rick Franklin is tough , he is no joke .
He had that war with Dan Henderson that many people believe he won , he had the war with Wanderlei Silva - he has fought all the best in the world . "
Sound familiar ?
Well , that 's because it is .
But , Mr. White wants everyone to know that he is n't bluffing this time around .
If Liddell loses this weekend at UFC 115 against Rich Franklin , that 's a wrap .
Dana points to the difference in " The Iceman 's " approach the game for this fight as opposed to others in the past as the reason a defeat here , when Chuck 's in the best possible shape he can be , would mark the end of his illustrious career .
I think .
I 'm pretty sure .
Maybe not .
So , what say you ?
If Liddell goes down this Saturday night , does he live to fight again ?
Or , is Dana for real this time ?
Will he demand the end of one of the greatest MMA careers of all time ?
What are your thoughts ?
Soldat 1.5.1 Release Candidate version will be out any moment now .
Because of this I would like to introduce a kind of promotion .
For a limited time before the full Soldat 1.5.1 version is out - the Soldat registration and bonus features that come with it will cost you ... whatever you feel you should pay for it .
Yes this means that all the hidden features available for registered players like higher resolution , minimap , custom interfaces and so on can be yours for the price you think of .
Pay whatever you feel this game is worth for you .
Whatever the hours of online fun you think should cost you .
Please remember that I am an independent developer and this is my only source of income .
So the money I get from registration means my survival .
But more importantly it means more and better games from me .
I am passionate about what I do and making new games and making Soldat better is all I care about .
The lobby server which allows you to connect to the hundreds of servers and until recent times Battleye anti-cheat protection was all sponsored from my own pocket .
This is a lot for a free game .
Not to mention all the hard work that was put into this game and all the ongoing work that comes from all the good people involved in this project .
So please think how much you should pay for becoming a registered member of the Soldat community and getting all the game features related with that .
Remember that what you pay will come back to you multiplied in the form of more blood , action and online mayhem !
In case you do n't know what features will get unlocked after registering here is a quick rundown :
Custom Profiles for saving different settings
Custom Interfaces / New Interface Skins
Built - in MP3 Player
Changing Resolution to a higher one like 1280x1025 or WideScreen Resolutions
No nag screen or banners before start of game
Becoming an Honored Member of the Soldat Community for all to see ( you get a Star associated with your Nick )
Minimap that shows positions of your teammates
Custom Colored Jet Flames
Money - Back Guarantee !
If you still decide this was n't worth it , or just something does n't work you can get your money back no problem within 30 days .
If you still decide this was n't worth it , or just something does n't work you can get your money back no problem within 30 days .
Registration is for lifetime .
Pay once and you get this for all future versions of Soldat !
Oh and did I mention that I add Soldat registered members to my Facebook friends list :) .
Enter the amount you wish to transfer in the " Unit Price " box and within a couple minutes you will get your registration key and instructions on how to use it .
Thanks and have fun !
Please go to this page .
Enter the amount you wish to transfer in the " Unit Price " box and within a couple minutes you will get your registration key and instructions on how to use it .
Michal Marcinkowski
michal.marcinkowski < at > gmail.com
Whether you ’re planning a four hour road trip or catching a flight to the other side of the world , you have limited space in your suitcase .
So pack these practical , space - saving , multi-function items and you ’ll always be prepared without the hassle of lugging around additional gear .
1. Smart Phone with GPS – A smart phone is an information and communication portal that will likely save your rear end someday .
My smart phone has certainly saved mine a time or two .
Here are some of the basic functions of most modern smart phones :
Phone
Maps and GPS
Internet access ( Google , email , etc. )
Camera
Can be used in the dark as a flashlight
Clock ( with an alarm )
Calculator
Note taking ( voice recorder )
Music and movie player ( for entertainment )
2. Hand Sanitizing Wipes –
In my mind , hand sanitizing wipes are essential tools that prevent me from infecting my body with germs on a daily basis .
They have several practical functions :
Clean hands and other body parts
Disinfect small cuts and scrapes
Clean various surfaces ( public toilet seats , gas pumps , windshield , etc. )
Remove small stains from clothing , upholstered furniture , etc .
Remove makeup
3. Spare Wallet with Identification and Cash – Let ’s recite the Boy Scout motto : “ Always be prepared . ”
If you lose your primary wallet when you ’re hundreds of miles from home , it ’s nice to have a back - up plan .
Find a safe , hidden place to stash your spare wallet when you arrive at your destination .
While this is n’t a multi-function item in the traditional sense , it can save you so much grief when disaster strikes that it ’ll seem like the most functional item in the world .
There are four things I keep in my spare wallet :
$ 100 cash
Spare photo identification
$ 100 prepaid visa
Emergency phone numbers ( just in case I lose my phone too )
4. Credit Card Size Survival Tool –
It ’s the size of a credit card , made of rugged stainless steel , and has several practical functions including :
Knife edge
Screwdriver
Ruler
Can opener
4 position wrench
Butterfly screw wrench
Saw blade
5. Large Zip - Lock Bags – A large zip - lock bag has hundreds , if not thousands , of practical functions when you ’re on the go :
Keep leftovers fresh
Keep dry things dry when you ’re around water ( wallet , electronics , etc )
Separate dirty , smelly clothes from clean clothes in your suitcase
Lunchbox
Organize things like socks , toiletries , small electronics , etc .
6. Rubber Bands – Rubber bands are simple , functional and versatile .
There is an endless list of practical uses for a rubber band including :
A simple wallet replacement – Just wrap a rubber band around your cash and cards and stick them in your pocket .
Keep any wires or small objects in your suitcase organized and untangled .
A bookmark
Use a rubber band to strap an injured finger to a firm stick or piece of cardboard until it can be properly casted .
A safety strap for eye glasses
7. A Bottle of Water – Water is essential to life , so it ’s probably a good idea to keep some with you wherever you go .
And similar to an empty zip - lock bag , water has hundreds , if not thousands , of practical uses :
Drink it when you ’re thirsty
Cleaning / rinsing agent ( lots of possibilities here )
Pour it into your rental car ’s cooling system if it ’s overheating .
Put out a small fire ( non grease or electrical ) .
8. Leatherman –
It ’s the all - in - one multi - tool you should never leave home without .
These little tools can handle a plethora of different jobs .
When traveling , I try to keep my Credit Card Size Survival Tool on me at all times ( except in airplanes ) and my Leatherman secured in my suitcase just in case I need it .
I personally own the Leatherman 830039 ( linked above ) and I love it .
Here are a few of it ’s functions :
Screw driver
Bit driver
Pliers
Wire cutters
Knife
Scissors
Wood / metal file
Ruler
9. Multi-Use Car Charger – Because a cell phone with no battery juice is useless when your car breaks down on the side of the road during a long road trip .
My multi-use car charger ( linked above ) allows me to charge up to four devices at once .
This unit turns one auto cigarette lighter port into two , has two USB charging ports , and provides a heavy - duty 20 amp capacity .
Charge your phone
Charge your camera
etc .
10 . A Lighter and a Candle – It ’s always a good idea to have the capability to create fire just in case you need it .
This one is simple :
Light
Heat
Cooking
11 . Large Ace Bandage – Lots of practical uses including :
Compression on a injured limb
Bandage for an open wound or burn
Tie things together
Scarf
Makeshift glove or grip
12 . Small Roll of Duct Tape – Duct tape solves everything .
😉
If you ’ve tried using duct tape and you ’re still having problems , you just have n’t used enough of it .
Duct tape may very well be the second greatest invention after the hammer .
I ’m not even going to attempt to summarize the extensive list of practical applications for duct tape .
Do you think we left an essential item off of the list ?
Let us know about it in the comments section below .
Simulation
The Robonaut simulation was developed to bridge a gap between operations and development activities .
In theory , the only way to validate control algorithms , grasping algorithms , path planning , etc. , is to interface directly with Robonaut .
This method is less than desirable for several reasons .
Firstly , it is always risky to test unverified control algorithms for the first time on robotic hardware ; assurance that no damage will be done to the robot is essential .
Secondly , there are far more users vying for Robonaut 's time than there are hours in the day .
Many of these users are from remote industry and university sites that , in addition to in - house engineers , desire access to Robonaut for research and testing .
Finally , a separate platform for developing and refining telepresence interfaces was also desired for safety reasons .
A simulation that matched the appearance , kinematics and dynamics of Robonaut could fill this gap in addition to providing the additional capabilities mentioned .
During the design phase , the desire was to develop a simulation that would :
Serve as a platform to test new control theories and configurations without having to construct elaborate and expensive hardware mockups .
Provide a method for internal groups , as well as select industry and universities , to develop independent projects , theories , and software to control Robonaut .
Provide a method for Robonaut personnel to validate new control , inverse kinematics , path planning , etc. software with regard to safety and operational concerns .
Increase situation awareness for the teleoperator ; provide overlays of the current robot posture to compensate for limited field - of - view .
Allow testing and development of new communication protocols and telepresence hardware without risk to Robonaut .
Allow development of new kinematics and dynamics software control algorithms without risk to Robonaut .
Perform forward and inverse kinematics on the head , left and right wrist , tail , and fingers for Cartesian space control .
Permit joint space control within the simulation , as this capability is currently not allowed on Robonaut for certain operations .
There are currently 43 degrees of freedom ( DOF ) on Robonaut with additional DOF already planned .
Dynamically mimic Robonaut as closely as possible .
Operate at or near real time speeds on laptop or desk side PCs .
A minimum refresh rate would be 15 Hz with 30 Hz being optimal .
Interface with standard current telepresence hardware such as Virtual Hand Technologies CyberGloves and Polhemus motion tracking sensors .
The current version of the simulation meets most of the criteria stated above .
The only criteria it does not meet are finger Cartesian space control and rigid body dynamics .
These will be added sometime in the near future .
Current dynamics are limited to all 43 joints having hard limits and angular rate limits .
This provides realistic motion without resorting to computationally more expensive methods .
A benefit of the simulation development is the derivation of communication protocols between Robonaut and the outside world .
Initially , Robonaut was hard wired to all input devices .
With the advent of the simulation , protocols have been developed which allow Robonaut to converse with outside control software , thus moving it one step closer to full teleoperation over long distances .
The simulation also acts as a situation awareness tool since the simulation can be driven directly by Robonaut , thus showing the actual pose ( as opposed to the command pose ) to remote operators .
Another benefit of the simulation regards path planning .
Now operators can test arm motions on difficult tasks before actual operation of the robot , thus minimizing the risk to the hardware .
The simulation was developed using Enigma Core and specially designed interfaces and IK for the 43 DOF Robonaut .
The Enigma Core is a set of libraries developed in - house by NASA / JSC for computer animation and simulation .
Enigma runs on Windows
95/98/2000 /NT , SGI Irix , and Sun Solaris .
It provides animation of shuttle mission operations for flight director briefings and media publications .
Enigma also serves as a front - end graphics package for numerous NASA , industry , and university simulations .
By using the Enigma Core , not only did we significantly reduce the development time of the Robonaut simulation , but we benefit from being able to record video , mpegs , and stills in various formats .
All of the IK was developed specifically for Robonaut .
Most of the IK was derived from Robonaut control algorithms such that the simulation would more closely match the actual hardware .
All communications are handled through NDDS version 2.3 and specially designed data packets .
The first trial for the Robonaut simulation will be the Texas Fly - High Mentorship program experiment .
This experiment will measure the effect of teleoperation on humans within a microgravity environment .
The experiment will be conducted on the NASA KC - 135 zero - G aircraft , affectionately known as the " Vomit Comet . "
In order to perform this experiment , the simulation will reside on two laptop PCs with two Virtual Hand Technologies CyberGloves , Polhemus motion sensors , and a telepresence helmet mounted display ( HMD ) .
The laptops will provide images for each eye , which in turn , will drive each eye in the HMD .
The Robonaut simulation handles synchronization of the hardware and graphics .
Test subjects will perform tasks against a virtual task board .
It is hoped that this data will provide valuable insight into zero - G teleoperations .
The future of the Robonaut simulation is very bright indeed .
Uses for the simulation are continuing to expand .
Currently , new control algorithms for various appendages , grasping techniques , path planning , etc. are being developed using the simulation .
Rigid body dynamics will be added in the near future .
As with all software packages , the simulation will be developed based on the needs of its user group of people .
Analysis Tools
We used several novel analysis methods to design Robonaut , NASA 's humanoid system developed to work in Earth orbit .
One of the main goals of Robonaut is matching task requirements with a robot system configuration , synthesized with computational methods , interactive design and 3D visualization .
Developed as a program called Optimus , the software 's main analysis modules are kinematics , power flow ( from electrical input into work and heat ) , thermal transient endurance modeling , and deflection of the multi- armed system subject to loading on all limbs .
This software is then used to analyze specific tasks , with a spectrum of tasks then being considered for overall system optimization .
General Humanoid Model
This figure shows a generic multi-armed system , with N limbs , each with M degrees of freedom , for a total NxM mobility set .
The D - H parameter structure is general for each segment , with the forward kinematic model therefore having 4xNxM design degrees of freedom ( DDOF ) .
The body , unconstrained , has an additional 6 axes of free motion , with 6 DDOF associated with the relative placement and orientation of each arm 's origin on the central structure .
The two armed , one legged model shown in the figure ( N=3 , M=7 ) has a total of 108 DDOF .
A database of drive train components is used to further refine the manipulator models .
Drive train data includes motors ( mass , motor constant , resistance , radius , length ) and gearing ( ratio , radius , torque , length ) , linked in a parametric model to 3D animation .
Selection of drive elements determines joint volumes , masses , and motion ranges , which are then linked to the arm design .
This interactive model is then driven by the analysis software modules , displaying candidate robot configurations for the human designer 's review and guidance in the optimization process .
For given tasks , the first analysis is a workspace assessment , adjusting D - H parameters to allow the system to meet trajectory requirements , exploiting the self motion null spaces to minimize robot scale .
The second step is a power analysis , matching trajectory force - speed requirements to arm kinetics , which are in turn linked to joint loads and a calculated set of motor torques , currents , and ultimately their resulting heating loads .
This task analysis is time - based and produces an end - to - end thermal task profile that is used in a transient heat transfer model of the whole robot system .
Thermal endurance can then be calculated for a spectrum of tasks , optimizing the robot for a broad class of humanoid service .
Online copyright infringement may well play a role in the declining revenues of the recorded music industry over the last few years , but other , stronger forces are at work .
Chief among them : the shift to digital singles , the death of the album , and the rise of streaming .
To an industry accustomed to fattening up on album - only CD revenue for two decades , this new world has been tough to accept .
The independent digital music distributor TuneCore reminded us of just how much people prefer singles to albums — and that this preference is n't just reserved for teeny - bop bands on major labels who put out " crap CDs . "
TuneCore head Jeff Price released some stats from 2009 , and he was upbeat about the state of the business .
" There is more music selling by more artists now than at any time in history , " he wrote .
" Music sales by unit are up , not down ( RIAA , IFPI and Nielsen data also state this ) . "
Unit sales in digital have been growing , in many cases dramatically — but sales have been almost exclusively in singles .
When a 99 ¢ song and a $ 10 album both count as a " unit , " it 's easy to see why the revenue situation is changing .
Below is TuneCore 's 2009 sales data .
Forty percent of all sales were single - track downloads , 57 percent were streams , and a mere 2.3 percent were full albums .
How does this compare to the major labels ?
After all , TuneCore is still a drop in the bucket compared to the big players ( 26 million single - track digital downloads in a year compared to 1.1 billion ) .
The situation is actually quite similar ; full album digital sales are nearly nonexistent .
People are streaming music , they 're buying singles , and they 're listening to webcasts ( " digital performance royalties " are way up ) , they 're going to concerts , they 're buying merchandise — they just are n't buying albums .
In the late '90s and early aughts , MP3 players were known , well , as MP3 players .
However , when Apple launched the iPod on October 21 , 2001 , it was such a huge success that it only took a couple of years for most people to simply start using the name " iPod " whenever they referred to an MP3 player .
Apple had sold 125,000 iPods by the end of 2001 ; it sold a flabbergasting 225 million by 2010 .
Coupled with the music management / online music store one - two punch that was iTunes , the iPod turned out to be one of the most successful gadgets of all time .
In the amazing infographic below , you can see the rise of the iPod and iTunes and how they 've affected our lives over the last nine years .
It 's true :
The rest of the MP3 market never stood a chance .
EMBED THE IMAGE ABOVE ON YOUR SITE
[ Source : Online MBA for Mashable.com ]
[ via : Online MBA for Mashable.com ]
Larissa Riquelme is the lingerie model from Paraguay whose tits made her the World Cups brightest star , and she famously said she ’d run naked through the streets if Paraguay won the Cup .
The bad news is that Paraguay lost to Spain on Saturday .
The good news is Larissa understands the healing powers of hot girls with huge breasts , and so yesterday she said she ’s gonna do it anyway .
“ It will be a present to all of the players , and for all the people in Paraguay to enjoy , because they tried as hard as possible and gave it their all on the field . ”
Even though I ’d rather see more of this Argentinian girl who emailed pictures of her amazing naked ass , and even though Larissa has been naked before ( pictures here ) , this is still terrific news .
Latin girls are so hot .
They have really pretty skin , and they usually have long hair and big tits and according to porn most of them do anal , but I ’m scared to date them because they ’re all insane .
It ’s not that I think she ’d kill me , but I think she would know people that would kill me , probably her brother .
And then we ’d have a fight about something dumb like a movie and she ’d go tell him that I raped her .
10 minutes she ’d have calmed down and forgotten about the whole thing , but that ’s 5 minutes after what the cops would later describe as an “ explosion of gunfire ” .
Yesterday was June 6th , the 66th anniversary of the successful 1944 Allied invasion of France .
Several operations were combined to carry out the largest amphibious invasion in history - over 160,000 troops landed on June 6th , assisted by over 5,000 ships , aerial bombardment , gliders and paratroopers .
Thousands of soldiers lost their lives on those beaches on that day - many thousands more would follow as the invasion succeeded and troops began to push German forces eastward , eventually leading to the Allied victory in 1945 .
Collected here are some photographs of the preparation , execution and immediate aftermath of the 1944 D - Day invasion of Normandy , and a few images from 2010 .
( 42 photos total
Martha Nussbaum talked about her life , work , and career .
She responded to telephone calls and electronic communications .
Martha Nussbaum is the Ernst Freund Distinguished Service Professor of Law and Ethics at the University of Chicago Law School .
She is author of 16 books on social justice , women ’s rights , and world citizenship , including : Women and Human Development ; Frontiers of Justice ; and Liberty of Conscience : In Defense of America ’s Tradition of Religious Equality .
Martha Nussbaum talked about her life , work , and career .
She responded to telephone calls and electronic communications .
Martha Nussbaum is the Ernst Freund Distinguished Service Professor of Law and Ethics at the University of Chicago Law School .
She is author of 16 books on social justice , women ’s rights , and world citizenship , including : Women and Human Development ; Frontiers of Justice ; and Liberty of Conscience : In Defense of America ’s Tradition of Religious Equality .
close
A new sushi shop has recently opened in a fashionable back alley of Ebisu , but do n’t go expecting choice cuts of fatty tuna .
Kato Meat Sushi caters exclusively to carnivores , with platters of horse meat , chicken , beef and pork , with much of it being served raw .
Raw horse meat , you say ?
It ’s long been considered a delicacy in Japan and the concept of serving it as sashimi ( basashi , or sakuraniku ) has been around for awhile .
It ’s not too unusual to find at izakaya , especially the ones that specialize in regional cuisine .
At Kato Meat Sushi , however , it ’s the star of the menu .
Customers can choose the grade of raw horse , just as if they would with tuna : lean , medium or fatty .
The more fatty the meat , the higher the price :
It ’s ¥ 160 for a couple of pieces of lean , while medium fatty costs ¥ 280 .
The beef on the menu is premium Japanese beef ( wagyu ) , which is also often enjoyed raw , though usually not served as sushi .
Unluckily for the owners , the store opened just as reports of a foot and mouth outbreak in Miyazaki were hitting the front pages , meaning that the ongoing cattle cull could make this item harder to come by .
Japanese consumption of meat has been on the rise for decades and while veggie restaurants have been taking off recently , plenty of restauranteurs are still appealing to the nation ’s more carnivorous nature .
Last year we saw the opening of a theme park dedicated to meat in Tokyo .
Visitors to Meatrea can indulge their predilection for animal flesh in all manner of unusual forms , perhaps the most bizarre of which is a tonkatsu ( pork cutlet ) parfait .
Those looking for more extreme sweet meat , there is raw horse meat ice cream ( basashi ice ) made by Ice Tengoku , which specializes in novelty ice cream flavors .
If this sort of fare whets your appetite , check out Time Out Tokyo ’s guide to restaurants that serve raw meat .
For those who are leery of consuming meat raw , you ’ll be happy to hear that Spam sushi is also enjoyed in Japan .
Personally , though , I ’d rather chow down on raw horse meat , which has a sweet and succulent taste that beats the processed tinned taste of Spam any day .
Horse meat photo by shrk
In line with COVID - 19 guidelines , the government is strongly requesting that residents and visitors exercise caution if they choose to visit bars , restaurants , music venues and other public spaces .
Imagine that 90,000 years ago , every man alive at the time picked a different last name .
Assuming that last names are inherited from father to son , how many different last names do you think there would be today ?
It turns out that there would be only one last name !
Similarly , imagine that 200,000 years ago , every woman alive picked a different secret word , and told the secret word to her daughters .
And , the female descendants would follow this tradition – a mother would always pass her secret word to her daughters .
As you might guess , today there would be only one secret word in circulation .
The man whose last name all men would carry is called “ Y - chromosomal Adam ” and the woman whose secret word all women would know is “ Mitochondrial Eve ” .
The names come from the fact that Y chromosome is a piece of DNA inherited from father to son ( just like last names ) , and mitochondrial DNA is inherited from mother to children ( just like the hypothetical secret words ) .
Why the convergence ?
So , how likely is it that one last name and one secret word will eventually come to dominate ?
Given enough time , it is virtually guaranteed , under some assumptions ( e.g. , the population does not become separated ) .
Here is a simulation of how last names of five men could flow through six generations :
After six generations , the last name shown as green is the only last name around , purely by chance !
In biology , this random effect is called genetic drift .
And , the convergence does not only happen for small populations .
Here are the numbers that I got by simulating different population sizes :
Population Generations to convergence 10 23 50 73 100 239 500 891 1000 1395 5000 7312 10000 13491
Here is the implementation of this simulation :
static int MitochondrialEve( int populationSize ) { Random random = new Random ( ) ; int generations = 0 ; int [ ] cur = new int [ populationSize ] ; for ( int i = 0 ; i < populationSize ; i++) cur[ i ] = i ; for ( ; cur . Max ( ) != cur. Min( ) ; generations ++) { int [ ] next = new int [ populationSize ] ; for ( int i = 0 ; i < next .
Length ; i++) { next [ i ] = cur[random. Next ( populationSize ) ] ; } cur = next ; } return generations ; }
This simulation is not a sophisticated model of a human population , but it is sufficient for the purposes of illustrating genetic drift .
It assumes that every man has on average one son , with a standard deviation of roughly one , and a binomial probability distribution .
By the way , the Y - chromosomal Adam lived roughly 60,000 – 90,000 years ago , while Eve lived roughly 200,000 years ago .
The reason why genetic drift acted faster for men is that men have a larger variation in the number of offspring – one man can have many more children than one woman .
UPDATE : Based on comments at Hacker News and Reddit , some readers are dissatisfied with the assumption of a fixed population size .
Of course , human population grew over the ages , but there were also periods when it shrank , sometimes a lot .
For example , roughly 70,000 years ago , the human population may have dropped down to thousands of individuals ( 1 , 2 ) .
So , a fixed population size is a reasonable simplification for my example .
The roles of Mitochondrial Eve and Y - chromosomal Adam
One noteworthy fact about Mitochondrial Eve and Y - chromosomal Adam is that their positions in the history are not as special as they may first appear .
Let ’s take a look at this in more depth .
Tracing from me , I can follow a path of paternal ancestry all the way to Y - chromosomal Adam :
If I only trace the male ancestry , there is exactly one path that starts at me , and that path leads to Y - chromosomal Adam .
You could start the diagram at any man alive today and you ’d get a similar picture , with the lineage finally reaching the Y - chromosomal Adam .
However , if I trace ancestry via both parents , the number of ancestors explodes .
I have two parents , four grandparents , eight great grandparents , and so forth .
The number of ancestors in each generation grows exponentially , although that cannot continue for long .
If all ancestors in each generations were distinct , I would have more than 1 billion ancestors just 30 generations back , so the tree certainly has to start collapsing into a directed acyclic graph by then .
Tracing ancestry through both parents , there are many paths to follow , and each generation of ancestors contains a lot of people .
Some of those paths will reach Y - chromosomal Adam , but other paths will reach other men in his generation .
Similarly , some paths will reach Mitochondrial Eve , but other paths will reach other women in her generation .
Most recent common ancestor
So , Mitochondrial
Eve only has a special position with respect to the mother - daughter relationships , and Y - chromosomal Adam only with respect to the father - son relationships .
What if you consider all types of ancestry , father - son , father - daughter , mother - son and mother - daughter ?
In the resulting directed acyclic graph , neither the Y - chomosomal Adam nor the Mitochondrial Eve appear in a special position .
In fact , in the combined graph , the most recent ancestor of all today ’s people lived much later than Y - chromosomal Adam .
The most recent ancestor is estimated to have lived roughly 15,000 to 5,000 years ago .
One way to visualize the relationship between Mitochondrial Eve , Y - chromosomal Adam , and the Most Recent Common Ancestor ( MRCA ) is to look at a small genealogy diagram with just a few people :
For the last generation consisting of just four people , this graph shows the Mitochondrial Eve , the Y - chromosomal Adam , and the most recent common ancestors ( a couple in this example , but could also be one man or one woman ) .
Adam is at the root of the blue tree , Eve is at the root of the red tree , and the most recent common ancestors are much lower in the graph .
The dating of Y - Adam and M - Eve
Finally , I ’ll briefly give you an idea on how biologists calculate when Mitochondrial Eve and Y - chromosomal Adam lived .
The dating is based on DNA analysis .
Changes in DNA accumulate at a certain rate that depends on various factors – region of the DNA , the species , population size , etc .
To date Mitochondrial Eve , biologists calculate an estimate of the mitochondrial DNA ( mtDNA ) mutation rate .
Then , they look at how much mtDNA varies between today ’s women , and then calculate how long it would take to achieve that degree of variation .
Another interesting fact is that the titles of Mitochondrial Eve and Y - chromosomal Adam are not permanent , but instead are reassigned over time .
For example , the woman who we call “ Mitochondrial Eve ” today did not hold that title during her lifetime .
Instead , there was another unknown woman who was the most recent common matrilineal ancestor of all women alive at Eve ’s time .
Final words
I hope you enjoyed the article .
I originally learned about Y - chromosomal Adam and Mitochondrial Eve from reading Before the Dawn , and immediately knew I had to blog about them from a programmer ’s perspective .
If you want to read more on the topic , the Wikipedia page on Mitochondrial Eve is a good start .
it 's ok
Graphics and the challenge of game play would keep me going except for some factors .
1 . The music was repetitive and annoying - easily fixed with a single click .
2 . The limitation of power and direction available when a ball is in a starting position near the edge of the screen ( ie : level 3 and level 6 ) .
This leads to very limited options for solving the puzzles .
Once you realize that a ball can be fired only in a small direction range at a small power range as well , then the solution becomes obvious .
Reminds me a lot of Fantastic Contraptions for some reason , although game play very different .
Pin 0 Shares
The closing date on the new home that you put a purchase agreement on is coming up and you 've been approved for a loan .
You were given a decent rate , and you think you 're all set to go .
After you were approved for the loan , your credit took a hit because you financed a new car and put some purchases on your credit cards .
You 're not too worried about it because your credit has already been checked , and you got the rate you were hoping for .
Nothing to worry about – right ?
Maybe not .
Continues after Advertisement
Fannie Mae has put out new lending guidelines called their “ Loan Quality Initiative ” , which means that lenders have incentive to revoke a mortgage approval , right up until the time the loan is funded at closing .
Fannie Mae's Loan Quality Initiative
This program that Fannie Mae is putting out is being called the Loan Quality Initiative and it is their attempt to try and minimize the bad loans that have become so common since 2007 .
Fannie
Mae is asking lenders to take more ownership for the loans that they give , and is then giving them the responsibility if things go bad .
From themortgagereports.com
The Loan Quality Initiative is Fannie Mae 's response to the foreclosure surge since 2007 .
The program shifts the onus of mortgage guideline compliance away from the the government - backed group and to the individual banks responsible for making loans …
For the most part , mortgage applicants wo n't be bothered with the changes .
It 's just extra work for the bank .
Things like Social Security Number validation checks and borrower occupancy standards .
There is , however , one major consumer hurdle .
The hurdle ?
The last minute credit check !
Credit Checks Right Before Closing
Normally the loan process works like this :
Apply For The Loan – Credit Check – Underwrite & Approve – Fund Loan .
Because of the Fannie Mae Loan Quality Initiative the process is changing for many borrowers – there is an added credit check right before the loan is funded .
Apply For The Loan – Credit Check – Underwrite & Approve – Credit Check – Fund Loan .
The reason for the added credit pull ?
Fannie
Mae wants lenders to verify that an applicant and their credit profile does n't change while the loan is in underwriting .
If the profile does change Fannie Mae may refuse to buy the loan from the bank because of the added credit risk .
That means the bank is on the hook for that loan , and they do n't want that .
Things That Will Be Looked At
To make sure the loan can be sold to Fannie Mae , banks will be looking for the following events occurring after the loan was underwritten :
Are there new credit cards ?
Do existing cards have new charges on them ?
Were there any major purchases financed since the loan was approved ?
If there have been changes since the original credit pull the mortgage may need to go through the underwriting process again – and it could be subject to being turned down .
Even if it is n't turned down , it could result in the borrower paying a higher interest rate on their loan because their credit situation has changed – for the worse .
If You 're Trying To Buy A House – Be Careful
Fannie Mae's Loan Quality Initiative is meant to improve Fannie Mae 's loan pool , decrease defaults and reduce the burden that foreclosures is putting on the taxpayers .
Trying to be more responsible about the loans they give is n't necessarily a bad thing , but it does mean that you need to be extra careful when you 're in the process of buying a home .
In other words while you 're in the process of buying a home do n't sign up for new credit cards , do n't put new charges on existing cards , and do n't make any major purchases unless it 's done with cash .
In other words – do n't do much of anything that might show up on your credit report because it could mean that your loan will be denied – even if your loan was already cleared to close beforehand .
What do you think of the new Fannie Mae initiative ?
Is it a good thing in the long run ?
Will it cause you to be more careful when buying a home ?
Tell us your thoughts in the comments .
Pin 0 Shares
As you may remember , some months ago I had decided to use MongoDB for my masters project , and had a few rather large problems with it .
After posting the article , many people were quick to point out that I was using a development version of MongoDB , so I chalked much of the post up to my own error .
Having found the flexibility of its schemaless design very convenient , I decided to give it one more chance , and ( after upgrading to the 64 - bit version ) I continued to gather data .
One thing I noticed as I was gathering data was that it got slower and slower , until writes took about 15 seconds each .
What ’s more , it seemed to be using lots of memory .
I went into IRC to ask what might be wrong , and I was informed that this was because I had five indexes .
Anyone familiar with a relational database will surely wonder why five indexes is anything to sweat about , but not so here .
Apparently , having five indexes on three million documents ( each document having two lists of 10 items each , on average ) makes it consume too much memory .
I asked how much memory I needed to give it to process my indexes comfortably , and the answer was “ about 9 GB ” .
Not being made of money , I decided to delete the indexes instead , and performance immediately picked up and memory usage dropped ( I was n’t using the indexes much anyway ) .
This allowed my data gathering to complete and I started to think about performing the next stage of computations .
My data is a large graph of three million nodes and about thirty million edges , and I needed to make sure it was undirected ( i.e. every edge from node A to node B should also have a corresponding edge from B to A , in my representation ) .
To do this , I wrote a script to get each node and add the edges that do n’t exist .
Not a very fast operation , but hey , how long can it take ?
About fifteen days , apparently .
MongoDB could only process about 200,000 items a day , and that ’s with no indexes at all .
Still , I left it , thinking speed would pick up .
What picked up instead was memory usage , and my OS killed the process because it ran out of memory .
I started it up again , it recommended a repair , I performed it and then launched it .
I then went to query something and noticed something odd .
After a bit of poking around , it turns out that half the data in the database is missing .
Luckily , knowing what I was dealing with I had made a backup two days ago .
It means I ’ve lost two days of work , but at least it ’s not worse .
I am restoring from the backup right now and moving to another database ( postgres or SQLite ) as soon as I can .
( EDIT : Turns out that the database had been silently corrupted days ago and all the backups had data missing .
I had to restore from the original backup and reprocess everything )
It goes without saying , of course , that I will not be touching MongoDB again with a ten - foot pole .
1 : Code : cd C:\android-sdk-windows\tools
2 : Code : adb devices
3 : Code : adb push unrevoked / sdcard
4 : Code : adb push recovery.img / sdcard
5 : Code : adb push boot - patched .zip / sdcard
6. Code : adb shell
7. Code : sh /sdcard / unrevoked
Code : $ sh / sdcard / unrevoked sh / sdcard / unrevoked Unpacking , please wait ...
88 88 88 b 88 88 " " Yb 888888 88 dP dP " Yb 88 dP 888888 8888b .
88 88 88Yb88 88__dP 88__ 88 dP dP Yb 88odP 88__ 8I Yb Y8 8P 88 Y88 88 " Yb 88 " " 8 dP Yb dP 88 " Yb 88 " " 8I dY ` YbodP ' 88 Y8 88 Yb 888888 YP YbodP 88 Yb 888888 8888Y
==================================================================
unrEVOked : root for HTC evo and hero ( http://unrevoked.com) #
8. Code : su
Code : $ su su #
9. Code : flash_image recovery / sdcard/recovery.img
10 . Code : reboot recovery
Code : Flash zip from sdcard
Code : boot - patched.zip
Code : Backup / Restore
Code : Nand backup
Code : ............
Code : / sdcard / nandroid / ( your serial number ) /
Code : cd C:\android-sdk-windows\tools
Code : adb remount Code : adb shell Code : mv /system/etc/security/otacerts.zip /system/etc/security/otacerts.zip.bak
Use my new RegawMOD Hero Rooter HERE
If you do not see the Superuser Permissions app in the app tray after running the exploit , on your phone , go toSettings > About Phone > Software informationIf it says 2.27.651.6 under " Build Number " ( notice the bolded , underlined , italic 6 ) , you need to run the RUU in the second post of this thread to revert to .5 first .
Doing this WILL erase all of your data on your phone , so be sure to back up anything if you need to first .
It 's been a long search for root , but it has finally been achieved !
The Hero 2.1 exploit is based on the EVO rooting method .
The EVO rooting could not have been possible without the combined efforts of :
They are all AMAZING and should be thanked for all they have done .
Thank you to Amon_RA for the recovery.img ( 1.5.2 ) and Jus10o for packing up a boot.img for me last night when I needed it quick .
Over the past week , Matt and I worked hard applying this exploit to gain permanent root on the Hero .
I now have permanent root access on 2.1 down to a few simple steps that are detailed in this guide .
Also , I 'd like to thank everyone that worked really hard on trying to find root here in the Hero community , and specifically all of those who contacted me and worked together with me trying to gain root : abcdfvimleonthatguythatdidnavalyntnfinitefx45 lifetrip718rejectedkidnebenezer ( for being cool ) These guys worked incredibly hard with me and had extremely innovative ideas .
They deserve a ton of credit for sticking with it as well trying to find .
They were all in this for all the Hero users .
If I forgot your name , please let me know via pm so I can add you to the list .
As of right now , this guide is for windows only .
Soon to come , OSX & Linux .
HOW TO ROOT SPRINT'S 2.27.651.5 RELEASE FOR THE CDMA HERO ( Stock Android 2.1 ) Make sure your phone is unplugged from your computer until I tell you to plug it in !
If you already have the Android SDK and HTC Sync set up on your computer , skip to Step 4 nowStep 1 : Download the Android SDK here Step 2 : Extract the Android SDK zip .
Move the contents of the extracted zip to C : \Your Android tools folder path should now be C: \android- sdk-windows\toolsStep 3 : Download HTC Sync 2.0.33 here Run the installer , and reboot your computer when it is finished .
Move on to step 4 once rebooted .
Step 4 : Download the hero - root.zip .
This zip contains everything you need to root your Hero.( md5 : c6e5058ed14f71c68fb099e10be142 fb ) Step
5 : Extract the 3 files inside hero - root.zip to the C : \android - sdk - windows \tools folder on your computer .
Step 6 : Make sure USB Debugging is ON ( checked ) on your Hero .
Go to Settings > Applications >
Development > and make sure it is checked .
Step 7 : Plug your phone into the computer via USB , Make sure that the connection type in the Notification Pull - Down Bar is " Charge Only " , not " Disk Drive " or else this wo n't work .
If your computer asks you to restart after the new drivers were installed , do that now .
Step 8 : Open a Command Prompt window by clicking the Start button and typing cmd into the search box and pressing enter .
It is also found under Start Menu > All Programs > Accessories > Command PromptStep 9 : You will now enter the commands that I have put in code boxes followed by pressing ENTER , one code at a time .
You may also copy / paste these commands in to the Command Prompt , pressing ENTER after each , one at a time .
Comments will be outside of the code boxes ( do NOT type these into the Command Prompt as they just are to help describe the root process ) You should now see C:\android - sdk - windows \tools >
Now typeIf you 've been following this guide you will see your phone 's serial number .
If you get " device not found " error , you either need to make sure you the drivers were properly installed or make sure you enable USB debugging on your phone .
Continue on once you get the proper phone serial output .
You will now push the files needed to gain root to your sdcard in your phone with these following commands :
Now we run the exploit .
Be patient , this may take up to 40 seconds .
You should now see output that says this :-----------------Now , on your phone , go to your app tray , and you will see that the Superuser Permissions app is in it .
Open the Superuser Permissions app .
You will see a blank screen .
If you do not see the Superuser Permissions app in the app tray , go toSettings > About Phone > Software informationIf it says 2.27.651.6 under " Build Number " ( notice the bolded , underlined , italic 6 ) , you need to run the RUU in the second post of this thread to revert to .5 first and run this guide again .
Doing this WILL erase all of your data on your phone , so be sure to back up anything if you need to first .-----------------
In the Command Prompt on your computer , type : A prompt will appear on your Hero asking you to give / system / bin / sh privileges .
Click Allow .
Go back to your command prompt , and you should seeNow type : Flashing the recovery may take many seconds to complete .
Wait until the # symbol returns to proceed .
You should now see# flash_image recovery / sdcard/recovery.imgflash_image recovery /sdcard/recovery.img
This means it was a successful flash .
Now typeYour phone will now boot to the custom recovery image you just flashed .
If that does n't work , ( ie you get errors or it stays at the white / green HTC screen ) try using this recovery image , put it on your sdcard , and try code # 9 again .
In the Recovery Menu on your phone , choose the option : Then selectand press the Home button to apply .
Once Recovery says " Install from sdcard complete " , you need to make a nandroid backup !
In the main menu or the Recovery Screen , you will see an option that saysChoose that option , and then choose the option
This can take up to 5 minutes , so be patient while you see the Once done , a nandroid backup of your phone will be created and saved to your sdcard in the folder directory :
When it is complete , hit the back button to return to the Main menu , and hit " Reboot system now " from the menu to reboot normally !
DISABLE OTA UPDATES !!!!
To disable OTA updates that will patch this exploit , ( after rooting and booted after creating a nandroid backup ) run the following commands from Command Prompt .
After doing this , the OTA updates WILL still download , BUT they will not pass signature checks to flash because of the code you just entered .
You now have full root access on 2.1 !
Hei , denne artikkelen er over ett år gammel og kan inneholde utdatert informasjon
- Tjen Folket er limet i organisasjonen
En lukket gruppe tar beslutninger om SOS Rasismes framtid , mener Tjen Folket - avhopper Hogne Ormåsen .
| || ( Dagbladet ) : - Jeg håper at folk vil legge merke til det viktige antirasistiske arbeidet SOS Rasisme gjør , sier Hogne Ormåsen , som er bror til Henrik Ormåsen som i dag er leder av Mao- og Stalin - dyrkende Tjen Folket .
- Personlig synes jeg det er problematisk med de sterke koblingene mellom SOS Rasisme og Tjen Folket , fordi det er en egen lukket gruppe tar beslutninger på vegne av SOS Rasisme , sier Hogne Ormåsen til Dagbladet .
• Les også : Dekknavn « Joe »
Han har selv lang fartstid fra SOS Rasisme , blant annet fra landsstyret og som fylkesansvarlig .
Kritikken til tross , mener han organisasjonen ikke har utspilt sin rolle .
- Viktig jobb- SOS Rasismes arbeid i Norge er veldig bra og organisasjonen har en viktig jobb å gjøre i åra som kommer , sier Hogne Ormåsen til Dagbladet .
Han ble med i Tjen Folket høsten 2003 , men brøt ut i 2005 .
- Tjen Folket er limet i organisasjonen og Kjell Gunnar Larsen skal ha mye av æren for å bygge opp SOS Rasisme til den bevegelsen den er i dag , sier Hogne Ormåsen .
Leder Trond Thorbjørnsen i SOS Rasisme henviser til hovedkasserer Kjell Gunnar Larsen .
TAUS : Kjell Gunnar Larsen drifter en organisasjon som mottar flere millioner i støtte fra staten .
Likevel vil han ikke oppgi sine egne verv eller antall ansatte .
i Tjen Folket kaller han seg Joe. Foto : Jacques Hvistendahl / Dagbladet Vis mer
Larsen vil ikke opplyse hvor mange som i dag er ansatt .
- Vi har ingen rekrutteringsproblemer i organisasjonen .
Det er mange flinke aktivister og folk som arbeider hardt uten å få lønn .
Vi har i alle år rekruttert til lønna stillinger fra våre egne aktivister , svarer Larsen via e-post .
Larsen er registrert som nestleder i Tjen Folket .
Han ønsker ikke å oppgi alle sine verv og posisjoner i SOS Rasisme til Dagbladet .
- Alle beslutninger som gjelder SOS Rasisme blir tatt av de demokratisk valgte organer i SOS Rasisme , sier Larsen .
- Ønsker revolusjonLarsen ønsker ikke å svare på anklagene om kupp av organisasjonen , men Tjen Folket - leder Henrik Ormåsen , som til daglig er ansatt i SOS Rasisme , avviser dette .
Han bekrefter at Tjen Folket har en revolusjonær linje , der vold inngår som et legitimt politisk virkemiddel .
- Vi ønsker revolusjon i Norge .
Alle revolusjoner i Norge har blitt gjennomført ved hjelp av våpen .
Både i 1814 , 1884 og 1905 så var våpenmakt , eller mangel på dette , avgjørende , skriver Ormåsen .
Tjen Folket :
Norsk politisk gruppe som beskriver seg selv som maoistisk , og som blir beskrevet som stalinistisk .
Etablert i 1998 .
Hele styret sitter sentralt i SOS Rasisme .
Flere medlemmer er tidligere ekskludert fra Rød Ungdom og AKP .
Tjen folket har erklært støtte til de « fem store » , Marx , Engels , Lenin , Stalin og Mao .
Tjen Folket mener det demokratiske styresettet i dagens Norge er en form for « borgerlig diktatur » , og vil erstatte det med et klasseløst samfunn .
Veien dit går gjennom proletariatets og arbeiderklassens diktatur .
Medlemstall : Ukjent og hemmelig .
Ungdomsorganisasjon : Revolusjonær Kommunistisk Ungdom ( RKU )
- Veien til frihetens rike går gjennom et demokratisk diktatur for arbeiderklassen , skriver han videre .
Larsen nekter å svare på om noen Tjen Folket - aktiviteter er finansiert gjennom SOS Rasisme , men Ormåsen avviser dette .
Ormåsen avslutter eposten med et sitat fra sosiologen Alexander Zinoviev :
« Når jeg ser tilbake over dette århundre , kan jeg fastslå at Stalin var det største individet for dette århundret , det største politiske geniet . »
- Jeg merker ikke noe til at mange er med i Tjen Folket .
Vi snakker ikke partipolitikk i SOS Rasisme , sier landsstyrerepresentant Monica Hauge Skaten ( Ap ) fra Hordaland .
In reviewing the scoring chances for the Chicago - San Jose series , we 've been able to discredit the notion that Dave Bolland won the battle against Joe Thornton .
Yes , Bolland was starting in his own end constantly , but he was still being beaten on the chances sheet .
It was luck and Antti Niemi that saved his bacon .
Like the Avalanche fans before them , the Blackhawks ' fans that encountered the scoring chances articles took umbrage with the numbers and bristled at the suggestion that the story they were being fed by the media was wrong .
Seeing as how this story was so far off , I decided to check the scoring chances in the Chicago - Vancouver series , specifically Bolland 's head - to - head performance against Canucks ' center Henrik Sedin .
Did Bolland 's playoff reputation grow out of the Vancouver series , or was it yet another example of getting the story wrong ?
Through the course of this series , Bolland and Sedin were matched against each other for nearly 49 minutes at even strength .
Sedin spent 59.1 % of his time against Bolland and Bolland spent 64.6 % of his time against Sedin .
Interestingly , Bolland was matched against Sedin a higher percentage of his time on ice on the road as compared to his time on ice at home .
I 'm not sure what to make of that ; either Alain Vigneault did n't care that Sedin was out against Bolland , or he was being out - coached by Joel Quenneville .
I took the chances from Scott Reynolds ' scoring chance totals for the series , summarized here .
You 'll notice that Bolland was 19 / 22 at even strength for the series - Sedin was 27/26 .
Matchup
CF Series CF CDiff
Game 1 Sedin 2 2 0
Bolland 2 2 0
Game 2 Sedin 1 3 - 4
Bolland 5 7 +4
Game 3 Sedin 4 7 0
Bolland 0 7 0
Game 4 Sedin 4 11 0
Bolland 4 11 0
Game 5 Sedin 2 13 - 1
Bolland 3 14 +1
Game 6 Sedin 2 15 - 2
Bolland 3 17 +2
Totals Sedin
15 - 2
Bolland
17 +2
Two games were a wash , Bolland was +4 once , Sedin was +4 once and Bolland won the other two games 3 / 2 .
Bolland edged out Sedin in the head - to - head matchup , and neutralized Vancouver 's best line over the last three games .
It was a great job by the Bolland line , and Joel Quenneville clearly came out on top in this match - up , especially because it allowed him to create mismatches with the Jonathan Toews and Patrick Sharp lines .
Away from Sedin , Bolland was 2/7 and Sedin was 12/9 .
Sedin 's chances for per fifteen minutes in this series was a microscopic 2.73 .
As a comparison , 2.73/15 was lower than ANY regular Edmonton Oiler for the entire season , and equal to Dean Arsene 's rate in his brief stint in the NHL .
A rough estimate would put Sedin 's reduced playoff rate at about 35 - 40 % of his regular season rate .
That is remarkable work by Dave Bolland 's line .
I fully expect Chicago fans to tell me that the numbers are still lying .
That Bolland was n't effective against Sedin .
Or that the numbers are n't capturing the true match - up .
Or that Sedin really won this match - up .
How about it fellas ?
When the two series are compared , it seems like the media and fans simply extended the Bolland narrative against Thornton , then used Thornton 's faceoff slash as evidence that Bolland was succeeding .
I 've written about this before :
Fans , by and large , rely on what they see , and make snap decisions based on short bursts of data .
From the time that decision is made , a fan will see what they expect to see , that is , they begin to notice the events and data that confirm the observations that led to their conclusion .
They begin to seek new information to confirm their pre-existing bias , subconsciously ignoring the entire data set , especially the pieces that disagree with their conclusion .
In psychology and cognitive science , this is known as confirmation bias .
The media and fans extended the job that Bolland did on Sedin to the job that they wanted him to do on Thornton .
Compare the numbers from the two series - Bolland was + 2 vs. Sedin in six games , he was - 8 vs. Thornton in four games .
Dave Bolland - turned the tide in the Canucks series ; Dave Bolland - saved by Antti Niemi in the Sharks series .
The debate in Ann Arbor , where firefighters are being laid off due to a multimillion dollar budget deficit , is over an $ 850,000 piece of art .
That 's how much the city has agreed to pay German artist Herbert Dreiseitl for a three - piece water sculpture that would go in front of the new police and courts building right by the City Hall .
The city has the money to do it because in 2007 , it agreed to set aside for public art 1 percent of money that went into capital improvement projects that were $ 100,000 or larger .
Most capital projects involve streets , sewers and water .
Ann Arbor City Council member Stephen Kunselman , a Democrat , opposed the art deal .
" I think it is incredibly insensitive , " Kunselman said .
" It is insensitive to the staff and their morale .
It is insensitive to the community .
There are people out there struggling financially , and here we are spending a large amount of money on a piece of art . "
Kunselman said the city is also eliminating the solid waste coordinator from the budget , which oversees trash pickup , and hiring an art coordinator .
City Administrator Roger Fraser wrote in an e-mail that the solid waste coordinator position was eliminated as a cost - cutting measure because the solid waste millage had decreased .
Fraser wrote that the art coordinator position would be paid for by the public art fund .
Fraser noted that the public art dollars did not come from the city 's general fund , which is used to pay salaries and benefits , and that less than $ 6,000 of the art money came from the general fund .
The art projects also must have a " thematic connection " to the source of funding , Fraser wrote .
The $ 850,000 art project is water - themed , because the money came from storm water funds .
But some critics say that a city creative enough to fund art from storm water projects should be able to find money to cover essential city services .
" That 's the classic argument , " said Glenn Thompson , an Ann Arbor resident and longtime critic of city spending .
" But the city has become very , very good at shuffling money in and out of the general fund when they want .
These people are very good at putting it in and out of the general fund when they wish . "
Michael LaFaive , the director of the Mackinac Center for Public Policy 's Morey Fiscal Policy Initiative said nonessential services are being funded throughout the state .
" Administrators cry poverty while lavishing money on the beautiful people , " LaFaive said .
" The threat to dismiss firefighters often comes while officials protect golf courses , wave pools and art .
No city can cry poverty while it defends recreation and aesthetics such as art . "
LaFaive said administrators get creative with budgets to fund pet projects .
" It does n't mean officials can't find ways to redirect the money , " LaFaive said .
" It appears on the surface that they are redefining what a capital improvement is , by designing a sculpture instead of true municipal infrastructure projects such as roads and bridges . "
~~~~~
See also :
Local Government Bankruptcies May Become Reality
Michigan Public Payrolls Protected in Recent Recession
Troy City Service Privatization Plan Rolls Forward
Critics Say Arbitration Bill ' Hollow ' Without Amendment
Lou Schimmel on municipal spending
Michigan Restaurants Fear Tax Hike on Drinks
Mackinac Center cited on privatization of municipal parking services
Two patterns from Bill Venners ; I think both are heavily used in ScalaTest :
Stackable Trait ( similar in structure to the decorator pattern , except it involves decoration for the purpose of class composition instead of object composition ) .
Selfless Trait ( allows library designers to provide services that their clients can access either through mixins or imports ) .
Type safe builder
Independently Extensible Solutions to the Expression Problem - just like the " Scalable Component Abstraction " , it 's not a pattern catalog , but it also deals with similar problems ( e.g. the Visitor pattern )
Deprecating the Observer Pattern - an alternative to the Observer .
We can also consider the Scala emulation of Haskell type classes a design pattern .
The first description ( that I could find at least ) is in Poor Man 's Type Classes .
Quite some blog entries are also available with this topic .
And I think I 'm not completely wrong if I also mention the various monads .
You can find a lot of resources dealing with them .
The title character in Four Tet ‘s song “ Angel Echoes ” is the female voice , a snippet of which ekes out one sentence , more like a half - mumbled clause , that slowly repeats with what amounts to ethereal insistence for the track ’s full length .
It echoes , as the title suggests , with slight variants as time passes , each appearance sliding in behind the main voice like so many cards in a deck , always the same voice , less a chorus than a figment in a hall of mirrors .
The track opened the recent Four Tet album , which arrived with the blissfully naive title There Is Love in You , and it manages to approximate with cloudy gestures what the musician ( born Kieran Hebden ) more frequently has accomplished with dastardly percussion : a shifting field that has a club - friendly downbeat yet endlessly flirts with abstraction .
For a recent 12 ″ release , Hebden tapped Canadian beatsmith Caribou for a remix , and then posted it online at soundcloud.com / four - tet .
Caribou has muddied the angel , and the track is all the more memorable for it :
For comparison ’s sake , here ’s Hebden heard live ( streaming - only , no download ) in a BBC session playing “ Angel Echoes , ” also at soundcloud.com / four - tet :
The 12 ″ also includes a Jon Hopkins remix .
More on Four
Tet at fourtet.net , and on Caribou ( born Daniel Victor Snaith ) at caribou.fm .
By Marc Weidenbaum
Booth babes have long been a part of the trade and enthusiast show experience , but since its inception , Penny Arcade Expo has tried to put some limits on the dress and behavior of the models .
After polling the community , the policy on booth babes has been clarified , and some specific details have been added regarding how publishers can use paid models to push their games .
6,313 people took the poll , with 60 percent of respondents either liking or loving the ban on booth babes .
Only 12 percent of respondents hated the ban , putting public opinion firmly in the anti-babe area .
The major addition to the policy stipulates that the models need to be " educated about the product , " and " partial nudity " has been banned .
Models can dress up like characters from games and wear revealing clothing , as long as it's true to the original character .
The numbers are striking , and the rule saying models need to know about the product is important .
It seems that those going to PAX want to see and learn about the games , not ogle scantily clad ladies who pretend to really like having their picture taken with sometimes - stinky gaming fans .
Giving more breathing room to cosplayers is also a nice touch , as fans dressing up like their favorite character has always been a large part of the show experience ... even ( especially ? ) if the outfits are titillating .
The rules leave some room for interpretation , but the spirit of the law is clear : no partial nudity , the models need to be knowledgeable about the products they 're shilling , and cosplayers can continue to be outrageous as long as it's true to the original character design .
Sounds fair .
As you get set to give dad another crappy tie or singing , wall - mounted bass , we 're looking at the most caring — and the most callously destructive — father figures in movies , comics , and TV .
Advertisement
THE BEST
Advertisement
KYLE REESE
The Terminator
He might 've been an absentee dad — almost as absentee as you can get , given that he was a dead time - traveler for much of John Connor 's adolescence — but he put Sarah Connor on the path towards the future and armed her with knowledge ( and knocked her up ) .
WILLIAM ADAMA
Battlestar Galactica
To be fair , much of the reason why Lee and Bill Adama had such a strained relationship is because Lee was a self - important dick .
But over the course of the series , Adama the Elder proved his worth , to both his son and his fleet , time and time again .
Advertisement
RAY FERRIER
War of the Worlds
Yes , Tom Cruise was in the middle of his bat - shit - crazy phase when this came out , so it 's easy to forget that he was playing a dude way over his head who still managed to see his children safely through an alien invasion .
Advertisement
JONATHAN KENT
Superman
As Kal - El 's adoptive father — the man who impressed upon his alien ward the quiet , decent , midwestern strength that would serve Clark Kent so well —
Pa Kent proves that blood does not necessarily a father make .
Advertisement
LETO ATREIDES
Dune
He was a good man — attentive to his consort , as generous with his time to his son , or as generous as a Duke of the Landsraad can be — he just choose poorly when it came to real estate .
Advertisement
BOB PARR
The Incredibles
When some dads hit a mid-life crisis , they buy expensive cars , take up boating , or cheat on their wives .
But the man once known as Mr. Incredible simply rediscovers the joys of superheroism — and shares them with his family .
Advertisement
BENJAMIN SISKO
Star Trek : Deep Space Nine
A single father , raising a kid in a space station on the edge of a wormhole , the kind of space - time anomaly that kicks out evil every week ?
It 's amazing that Jake Sisko was n't turning tricks in a cargo hold for synthahol money .
Advertisement
JOHN WINCHESTER
Supernatural
I 've never seen the show ( I know , jihad me ) , so this is what Annalee Newitz had to say : " Sam and Dean 's hunter father John taught the boys everything they know about destroying evil , but also forced them to spend their childhoods on the run , always moving from town to town .
When Dean 's life hung in the balance at the beginning of season 2 , John made a deal with Azazel : his soul for Dean's . "
Awwww ...how sweet .
Advertisement
RICK GRIMES
The Walking Dead
This poor survivor of a zombie apocalypse has had to put up with a whole lot since his world ended .
We can't even tell you the bulk of it for fear of spoiling too much — let 's just say that tying shoes has gotten difficult — but through it all he 's tried to be a good father to his son , Carl .
Advertisement
JIM GORDON
Batman
He 's a man with a lot on his shoulders : Commissioner Gordon does as much to fight crime in Gotham as Batman , but he does n't get to skip the paperwork .
And he still carries the wounds of his encounter with the Joker that left his daughter in a wheelchair .
The fact that he raised a smart , tenacious woman all by himself oughta earn him a statue .
Advertisement
JACK CARTER
Eureka
What 's it like being the sheriff in a town full of screw - loose geniuses ?
Probably a lot like being a dad — which Jack Carter is , to his now - college age daughter , Zoe — or a shepherd .
THE WORST
Advertisement
JAMES T. KIRK
Star Trek II : The Wrath of Khan
He 's a great starship commander , no two ways about it , but Kirk did n't even know what his son looked like .
Advertisement
MAGNETO
X- Men
Here 's a bloke who did n't even know he had children ( Scarlet Witch and Quicksilver ) .
I guess being a megalomaniacal mutant supervillain can be a distracting line of work .
Have to make time for the little things ... like offspring .
Advertisement
ANAKIN SKYWALKER
The Star Wars saga
It took him a long time — okay , a really long time — to do the right thing , but he did sacrifice himself to save both his children and the universe .
Of course , he killed uncounted millions of people before then .
Advertisement
NOAH BENNET
Heroes
He tried to be a good dad — making it home for dinner , taking an interest in his adopted daughter Claire 's extracurricular activities — but those decades of lying to his family about his gig as a mutant hunter took their toll .
Advertisement
ARTHUR PETRELLI
Heroes
But this guy makes Noah Bennet look like a Boy Scout troop leader .
The ruthless head of the Pinehurst Corporation , Papa Petrelli was going to build an army of supervillains if it was the last thing he did .
And , thanks to his children — Peter and Nathan — as well as Sylar , it was .
Advertisement
MICHAEL DAWSON
Lost
Here 's a guy who actually tried his best to be a good father , to keep his son , Walt , safe from the dangers of the Island .
But he made bad choice after bad choice ; it got so bad that Walt wo n't even speak to him .
Advertisement
WALTER BISHOP
Fringe
He stole another man 's son and raised him — badly — as his own .
It gets a little tricksy because he reached into an alternate universe and stole from " himself , " but still .
Advertisement
RUSTY VENTURE
The Venture Brothers
This former child science adventurer grew up hating his life and , as an adult , has transferred that hate onto his dimwitted sons , Hank and Dean .
Advertisement
RA'S AL GHUL
Batman
There 's no denying that this villainous ressurrectionist loves his daughter , Talia — who eventually had a child with the Dark Knight .
But he also raised her to take over as the head of the League of Assassins .
So you 've gotta question his judgment .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Panorama sent a reporter undercover for nine months to work as a trainee at one of the country 's biggest veterinary chains .
During her time at Medivet , the reporter found evidence of inexperienced and unqualified staff carrying out medical procedures .
Here , she and a colleague - a fellow trainee - attempt to help prepare an Irish Setter called Yogi for an operation .
A Panorama Special : It Should n't Happen at a Vets ' , BBC One , Thursday , 22 July at 2100BST .
When I go to Whataburger for breakfast I am going for one thing and one thing only .
Death - biscuits .
That is a little name my friends and I came up with to describe the Honey Butter Chicken Biscuit that Whataburger serves and , man , is it good / heart attack - inducing .
Tomorrow morning I could be coaxed to go there for something else , though , since Whataburger 's giving away free food .
At 700 - plus locations , Whataburger is giving away a Breakfast on a Bun from 7 to 10 a.m. tomorrow as part of the " Whataburger Serves " customer appreciation day .
A Breakfast on a Bun has egg , sausage or bacon and cheese on a toasted burger bun .
You want free jalapeños and salsa too , you say ?
Well , you 're in luck , because you have the option to get it " Ranchero Style " gratis , too .
Breakfast on a Bun sounds slightly healthier than the Honey Butter Chicken Biscuit , as it is n't fried chicken with sweet yellow ooze on top .
Maybe I 'll start getting that fulltime and leave the name Death Biscuit to a band .
As many as 30 states may investigate Google for surreptitiously sniffing traffic traveling over open Wi-Fi networks over a three - year span , Connecticut 's top law - enforcement official said on Monday .
Connecticut Attorney General Richard Blumenthal said his office will lead the multi-state investigation into the unauthorized data collection by Google Street View cars .
A “ significant number of states ” are expected to participate , according to a press release issued by his office that claimed representatives from more than 30 states joined a recent telephone conference call to discuss the probe .
“ While we hope Google will continue to cooperate , its response so far raises as many questions as it answers , ” Blumenthal said in the release .
“ The company must provide a complete and comprehensive explanation of how this unauthorized data collection happened , why the information was kept if collection was inadvertent and what action will prevent a recurrence . ”
In mid May , Google disclosed that its Street View cars in more than 30 countries routinely sniffed the payloads of unencrypted Wi -Fi networks within range of their sensors .
The disclosure contradicted previous assurances that only network SSIDs and device MAC addresses were recorded .
Google said the sniffing was accidental and was the result of experimental code that was inadvertently added to the Street View fleet .
Google has since come under criticism for failing to answer questions such as what kind of information was collected and who may have had access to it .
At least seven civil lawsuits have been filed against Google over the Street View snooping , and agencies in Canada , Australia and throughout Europe have opened investigations .
US lawmakers have called on the Federal Trade Commission to conduct its own inquiry .
“ It was a mistake for us to include code in our software that collected payload data , but we believe we did n't break any US laws , ” a Google spokesman wrote in an email .
“ We ’re working with the relevant authorities to answer their questions and concerns . ”
Blumenthal did n't name the other states that participated in the conference call .
The press release is here . ®
Tomgram : Engelhardt , Washington Drunk on War
[ Note for TomDispatch Readers : Consider today ’s post my way of launching my new book , The American Way of War : How Bush ’s Wars Became Obama ’s , which will officially be out later this week .
Of it , Andrew Bacevich , author of The Limits of Power and the upcoming Washington Rules , says : “ Tom Engelhardt is the I .
F.
Stone of the post –9/11 age -- seeing what others miss , calling attention to contradictions that others willfully ignore , insisting that Americans examine in full precisely those things that make us most uncomfortable . ”
I hope those of you who have been following this website for a while will consider pre-ordering a copy .
If you buy at Amazon normally , then keep in mind that if you click on any book link or cover image at this site , arrive at Amazon , and buy my book ( or anything else ) , we get a small cut of your purchase , which means that you contribute to the site without spending an extra cent .
In the past , surprising numbers of you have dug into your pockets and contributed generously to TomDispatch , helping us expand modestly , offer a little extra help to young writers , develop our new TomCast audio interviews and podcasts , hire some part - time help to take the load off my aging brain , and simply keep afloat .
For those of you willing to dig into your pockets , whether for the first time or again , and contribute directly to TomDispatch ( by clicking on the “ support us ” icon to the right or the main screen or simply going here ) , let me offer a little something extra : anyone who sends in a tax - deductible contribution of $ 75 or more will get a signed copy of my book with my deepest thanks .
Finally , to catch me discussing America in the “ Soviet era " and my book on Timothy MacBain ’s latest TomCast audio interview , click here , or to download it to your iPod , click here .
Tom ]
Call the Politburo , We ’re in Trouble
Entering the Soviet Era in America
By Tom Engelhardt
Mark it on your calendar .
It seems we ’ve finally entered the Soviet era in America .
You remember the Soviet Union , now almost 20 years in its grave .
But who gives it a second thought today ?
Even in its glory years that “ evil empire ” was sometimes referred to as “ the second superpower . ”
In 1991 , after seven decades , it suddenly disintegrated and disappeared , leaving the United States -- the “ sole superpower , ” even the “ hyperpower , ” on planet Earth -- surprised but triumphant .
The USSR had been heading for the exits for quite a while , not that official Washington had a clue .
At the moment it happened , Soviet “ experts ” like Secretary of Defense Robert Gates ( then director of the CIA ) still expected the Cold War to go on and on .
In Washington , eyes were trained on the might of the Soviet military , which the Soviet leadership had never stopped feeding , even as its sclerotic bureaucracy was rotting , its economy ( which had ceased to grow in the late 1970s ) was tanking , budget deficits were soaring , indebtedness to other countries was growing , and social welfare payments were eating into what funds remained .
Not even a vigorous , reformist leader like Mikhail Gorbachev could staunch the rot , especially when , in the late 1980s , the price of Russian oil fell drastically .
Looking back , the most distinctive feature of the last years of the Soviet Union may have been the way it continued to pour money into its military -- and its military adventure in Afghanistan -- when it was already going bankrupt and the society it had built was beginning to collapse around it .
In the end , its aging leaders made a devastating miscalculation .
They mistook military power for power on this planet .
Armed to the teeth and possessing a nuclear force capable of destroying the Earth many times over , the Soviets nonetheless remained the vastly poorer , weaker , and ( except when it came to the arms race ) far less technologically innovative of the two superpowers .
In December 1979 , perhaps taking the bait of the Carter administration whose national security advisor was eager to see the Soviets bloodied by a “ Vietnam ” of their own , the Red Army invaded Afghanistan to support a weak communist government in Kabul .
When resistance in the countryside , led by Islamic fundamentalist guerrillas and backed by the other superpower , only grew , the Soviets sent in more troops , launched major offensives , called in air power , and fought on brutally and futilely for a decade until , in 1989 , long after they had been whipped , they withdrew in defeat .
Gorbachev had dubbed Afghanistan “ the bleeding wound , ” and when the wounded Red Army finally limped home , it was to a country that would soon cease to exist .
For the Soviet Union , Afghanistan had literally proven “ the graveyard of empires . ”
If , at the end , its military remained standing , the empire did n’t .
( And if you do n’t already find this description just a tad eerie , given the present moment in the U.S. , you should . )
In Washington , the Bush administration -- G.H.W. ’s , not G.W. ’s -- declared victory and then left the much ballyhooed “ peace dividend ” in the nearest ditch .
Caught off guard by the collapse of the Soviet Union , Washington ’s consensus policymakers drew no meaningful lessons from it ( just as they had drawn few that mattered from their Vietnam defeat 16 years earlier ) .
Quite the opposite , successive American administrations would blindly head down the very path that had led the Soviets to ruin .
They would serially agree that , in a world without significant enemies , the key to U.S. global power still was the care and feeding of the American military and the military - industrial complex that went with it .
As the years passed , that military would be sent ever more regularly into the far reaches of the planet to fight frontier wars , establish military bases , and finally impose a global Pax Americana on the planet .
This urge , delusional in retrospect , seemed to reach its ultimate expression in the second Bush administration , whose infamous “ unilateralism ” rested on a belief that no country or even bloc of countries should ever again be allowed to come close to matching U.S. military power .
( As its National Security Strategy of 2002 put the matter -- and it could n’t have been blunter on the subject -- the U.S. was to “ build and maintain ” its military power “ beyond challenge . ” )
Bush ’s military fundamentalists firmly believed that , in the face of the most technologically advanced , bulked - up , destructive force around , hostile states would be “ shocked and awed ” by a simple demonstration of its power and friendly ones would have little choice but to come to heel as well .
After all , as the president said in front of a Veterans of Foreign Wars convention in 2007 , the U.S. military was “ the greatest force for human liberation the world has ever known . ”
In this way , far more than the Soviets , the top officials of the Bush administration mistook military power for power , a gargantuan misreading of the U.S. economic position in the world and of their moment .
Boundless Military Ambitions
The attacks of September 11 , 2001 , that “ Pearl Harbor of the twenty - first century , ” clinched the deal .
In the space the Soviet Union had deserted , which had been occupied by minor outlaw states like North Korea for years , there was a new shape - shifting enemy , al - Qaeda ( aka Islamic extremism , aka the new “ totalitarianism ” ) , which could be just as big as you wanted to make it .
Suddenly , we were in what the Bush administration instantly dubbed “ the Global War on Terror ” ( GWOT , one of the worst acronyms ever invented ) -- and this time there would be nothing “ cold ” about it .
Bush administration officials promptly suggested that they were prepared to use a newly agile American military to “ drain the swamp ” of global terrorism .
( " While we 'll try to find every snake in the swamp , the essence of the strategy is draining the swamp , " insisted Deputy Secretary of Defense Paul Wolfowitz two weeks after 9/11 . )
They were prepared , they made clear , to undertake those draining operations against Islamic “ terrorist networks ” in no less than 60 countries around the planet .
Their military ambitions , in other words , knew no bounds ; nor , it seemed , did the money and resources which began to flow into the Pentagon , the weapons industries , the country ’s increasingly militarized intelligence services , mercenary companies like Blackwater and KBR that grew fat on a privatizing administration ’s war plans and the multi-billion - dollar no - bid contracts it was eager to proffer , the new Department of Homeland Security , and a ramped - up , ever more powerful national security state .
As the Pentagon expanded , taking on ever newer roles , the numbers would prove staggering .
By the end of the Bush years , Washington was doling out almost twice what the next nine nations combined were spending on their militaries , while total U.S. military expenditures came to just under half the world ’s total .
Similarly , by 2008 , the U.S. controlled almost 70 % of the global arms market .
It also had 11 aircraft carrier battle groups capable of patrolling the world ’s seas and oceans at a time when no power that could faintly be considered a possible future enemy had more than one .
By then , private contractors had built for the Pentagon almost 300 military bases in Iraq , ranging from tiny combat outposts to massive “ American towns ” holding tens of thousands of troops and private contractors , with multiple bus lines , PX’s , fast - food “ boardwalks , ” massage parlors , water treatment and power plants , barracks , and airfields .
They were in the process of doing the same in Afghanistan and , to a lesser extent , in the Persian Gulf region generally .
This , too , represented a massive investment in what looked like a permanent occupation of the oil heartlands of the planet .
As right - wing pundit Max Boot put it after a recent flying tour of America ’s global garrisons , the U.S. possesses military bases that add up to “ a virtual American empire of Wal - Mart - style PXs , fast - food restaurants , golf courses , and gyms . ”
Depending on just what you counted , there were anywhere from 700 to perhaps 1,200 or more U.S. bases , micro to macro , acknowledged and unacknowledged , around the globe .
Meanwhile , the Pentagon was pouring money into the wildest blue - skies thinking at its advanced research arm , DARPA , whose budget grew by 50 % .
Through DARPA , well - funded scientists experimented with various ways to fight sci- fi - style wars in the near and distant future ( at a moment when no one was ready to put significant government money into blue - skies thinking about , for instance , how to improve the education of young Americans ) .
The Pentagon was also pioneering a new form of air power , drone warfare , in which “ we ” would n’t be within thousands of miles of the battlefield , and the battlefield would no longer necessarily be in a country with which we were at war .
It was also embroiled in two disastrous , potentially trillion - dollar wars ( and various global skirmishes ) -- and all this at top dollar at a time when next to no money was being invested in , among other things , the bridges , tunnels , waterworks , and the like that made up an aging American infrastructure .
Except when it came to victory , the military stood ever taller , while its many missions expanded exponentially , even as the domestic economy was spinning out of control , budget deficits were increasing rapidly , the governmental bureaucracy was growing ever more sclerotic , and indebtedness to other nations was rising by leaps and bounds .
In other words , in a far wealthier country , another set of leaders , having watched the Soviet Union implode , decisively embarked on the Soviet path to disaster .
Military Profligacy
In the fall of 2008 , the abyss opened under the U.S. economy , which the Bush administration had been blissfully ignoring , and millions of people fell into it .
Giant institutions wobbled or crashed ; extended unemployment would n’t go away ; foreclosures happened on a mind - boggling scale ; infrastructure began to buckle ; state budgets were caught in a death grip ; teachers ’ jobs , another kind of infrastructure , went down the tubes in startling numbers ; and the federal deficit soared .
Of course , a new president also entered the Oval Office , someone ( many voters believed ) intent on winding up ( or at least down )
Bush ’s wars and the delusions of military omnipotence and technological omniscience that went with them .
If George W. Bush had pushed this country to the edge of disaster , at least his military policies , as many of his critics saw it , were as extreme and anomalous as the cult of executive power his top officials fostered .
But here was the strange thing .
In the midst of the Great Recession , under a new president with assumedly far fewer illusions about American omnipotence and power , war policy continued to expand in just about every way .
The Pentagon budget rose by Bushian increments in fiscal year 2010 ; and while the Iraq War reached a kind of dismal stasis , the new president doubled down in Afghanistan on entering office -- and then doubled down again before the end of 2009 .
There , he “ surged ” in multiple ways .
At best , the U.S. was only drawing down one war , in Iraq , to feed the flames of another .
As in the Soviet Union before its collapse , the exaltation and feeding of the military at the expense of the rest of society and the economy had by now become the new normal ; so much so that hardly a serious word could be said -- lest you not “ support our troops ” -- when it came to ending the American way of war or downsizing the global mission or ponying up the funds demanded of Congress to pursue war preparations and war - making .
Even when , after years of astronomical growth , Secretary of Defense Robert Gates began to talk about cost - cutting at the Pentagon , it was in the service of the reallocation of ever more money to war - fighting .
Here was how the New York Times summed up what reduction actually meant for our ultimate super - sized institution in tough times : “ Current budget plans project growth of only 1 percent in the Pentagon budget , after inflation , over the next five years . ”
Only 1 % growth -- at a time when state budgets , for instance , are being slashed to the bone .
Like the Soviet military , the Pentagon , in other words , is planning to remain obese whatever else goes down .
Meanwhile , the “ anti- war ” president has been overseeing the expansion of the new normal on many fronts , including the expanding size of the Army itself .
In fact , when it comes to the Global War on Terror -- even with the name now in disuse -- the profligacy can still take your breath away .
Consider , for instance , the $ 2.2 billion Host Nation Trucking contract the Pentagon uses to pay protection money to Afghan security companies which , in turn , slip some part of those payments to the Taliban to let American supplies travel safely on Afghan roads .
Or if you do n’t want to think about how your tax dollar supports the Taliban , consider the $ 683,000 the Pentagon spent , according to the Washington Post , to “ renovate a cafe that sells ice cream and Starbucks coffee ” at its base / prison in Guantanamo Bay , Cuba .
Or the $ 773,000 used there “ to remodel a cinder - block building to house a KFC / Taco Bell restaurant , ” or the $ 7.3 million spent on baseball and football fields , or the $ 60,000 batting cage , or a promised $ 20,000 soccer cage , all part of the approximately two billion dollars that have gone into the American base and prison complex that Barack Obama promised to , but can ’t , close .
Or what about the U.S. Embassy in Baghdad , that 104 - acre , almost three - quarters - of - a- billion - dollar , 21 - building homage to the American - mall - as - fortified - citadel ?
It costs more than $ 1.5 billion a year to run , and bears about as much relationship to an “ embassy ” as McDonald ’s does to a neighborhood hamburger joint .
According to a recent audit , millions of dollars in “ federal property ” assigned to what is essentially a vast command center for the region , including 159 of the embassy 's 1,168 vehicles , are missing or unaccounted for .
And as long as we ’re talking about expansion in distant lands , how about the Pentagon ’s most recent construction plans in Central Asia , part of a prospective “ mini- building boom ” there .
They are to include an anti-terrorism training center to be constructed for a bargain basement $ 5.5 million in ... no , not Toledo or Akron or El Paso , but the combustible city of Osh in southern Kyrgyzstan .
And that ’s just one of several projects there and in neighboring Tajikistan that are reportedly to be funded out of the U.S. Central Command ’s “ counter - narcotics fund ” ( and ultimately , of course , your pocket ) .
Or consider a particularly striking example of military expansion under President Obama , superbly reported by the Washington Post ’s Karen DeYoung and Greg Jaffe in a piece headlined , “ U.S. ' secret war ' expands globally as Special Operations forces take larger role . ”
As a story , it sank without a trace in a country evidently unfazed by the idea of having its forces garrisoned and potentially readying to fight everywhere on the planet .
Here ’s how the piece began :
“ Beneath its commitment to soft - spoken diplomacy and beyond the combat zones of Afghanistan and Iraq , the Obama administration has significantly expanded a largely secret U.S. war against al - Qaeda and other radical groups , according to senior military and administration officials .
Special Operations forces have grown both in number and budget , and are deployed in 75 countries , compared with about 60 at the beginning of last year . ”
Now , without opening an atlas , just try to name any 75 countries on this planet -- more than one - third , that is , of the states belonging to the United Nations .
And yet U.S. special operatives are now engaging in war , or preparing for war , or training others to do so , or covertly collecting intelligence in that many countries across Asia , Africa , the Middle East , and Latin America .
Fifteen more than in the Bush era .
Whatever it is or is n’t called , this remains Bush ’s Global War on Terror on an expansionist trajectory .
DeYoung and Jaffe quote an unnamed “ senior military official ” saying that the Obama administration has allowed " things that the previous administration did not , " and report that Special Operations commanders are now “ a far more regular presence at the White House ” than in the Bush years .
Not surprisingly , those Special Operations forces have themselves expanded in the first year and a half of the Obama presidency and , for fiscal year 2011 , with 13,000 of them already deployed abroad , the administration has requested a 5.7 % hike in their budget to $ 6.3 billion .
Once upon a time , Special Operations forces got their name because they were small and “ special . ”
Now , they are , in essence , being transformed into a covert military within the military and , as befits their growing size , reports Noah Shachtman of the Wired 's Danger Room , the Army Special Forces alone are slated to get a new $ 100 million “ headquarters ” in northern Afghanistan .
It will cover about 17 acres and will include a “ communications building , Tactical Operations Center , training facility , medical aid station , Vehicle Maintenance Facility ... dining facility , laundry facility , and a kennel to support working dogs ...
Supporting facilities include roads , power production system and electrical distribution , water well , non-potable water production , water storage , water distribution , sanitary sewer collection system , communication manhole / duct system , curbs , walkways , drainage and parking . ”
This headquarters , adds Shachtman , will take a year to build , “ at which point , the U.S. is allegedly supposed to begin drawing down its forces in Afghanistan .
Allegedly . ”
And mind you , the Special Operations troops are but one expanding part of the U.S. military .
Creeping Gigantism
The first year and a half of the Obama administration has seen a continuation of what could be considered the monumental socialist - realist era of American war - making ( including a decision to construct another huge , Baghdad - style “ embassy ” in Islamabad , Pakistan ) .
This sort of creeping gigantism , with all its assorted cost overruns and private perks , would undoubtedly have seemed familiar to the Soviets .
Certainly no less familiar will be the near decade the U.S. military has spent , increasingly disastrously , in the Afghan graveyard .
Drunk on war as Washington may be , the U.S. is still not the Soviet Union in 1991 -- not yet .
But it ’s not the triumphant “ sole superpower ” anymore either .
Its global power is visibly waning , its ability to win wars distinctly in question , its economic viability open to doubt .
It has been transformed from a can - do into a can ’t - do nation , a fact only highlighted by the ongoing BP catastrophe and “ rescue ” in the Gulf of Mexico .
Its airports are less shiny and more Third World - like every year .
Unlike France or China , it has not a mile of high - speed rail .
And when it comes to the future , especially the creation and support of innovative industries in alternative energy , it ’s chasing the pack .
It is increasingly a low - end service economy , losing good jobs that will never return .
And if its armies come home in defeat ... watch out .
In 1991 , the Soviet Union suddenly evaporated .
The Cold War was over .
Like many wars , it seemed to have an obvious winner and an obvious loser .
Nearly 20 years later , as the U.S. heads down the Soviet road to disaster -- even if the world ca n’t imagine what a bankrupt America might mean -- it ’s far clearer that , in the titanic struggle of the two superpowers that we came to call the Cold War , there were actually two losers , and that , when the “ second superpower ” left the scene , the first was already heading for the exits , just ever so slowly and in a state of self - intoxicated self - congratulation .
Nearly every decision in Washington since then , including Barack Obama ’s to expand both the Afghan War and the war on terror , has only made what , in 1991 , was one possible path seem like fate itself .
Call up the Politburo in Washington .
We ’re in trouble .
Tom Engelhardt , co-founder of the American Empire Project , runs the Nation Institute 's TomDispatch.com .
He is the author of The End of Victory Culture , a history of the Cold War and beyond , as well as of a novel , The Last Days of Publishing .
His new book , The American Way of War : How Bush ’s Wars Became Obama ’s ( Haymarket Books ) , will be published this week .
To catch him discussing America in the “ Soviet era , " as well as his new book , on the latest TomCast audio interview , click here , or to download it to your iPod , click here .
[ Note on sources and readings : I regularly rely on the invaluable Antiwar.com , Juan Cole ’s Informed Comment blog , Paul Woodward ’s The War in Context , and Noah Shachtman ’s Danger Room ( for all things strange and military ) , as well as Katherine Tiedemann ’s Daily Brief at the AfPak Channel , and recommend them often enough .
Let me suggest another interesting place to visit : TomDispatch regular Karen Greenberg ’s Center on Law and Security at NYU has a new website , the CenterLine , which has just launched a daily round - up report on “ war on terror ” issues of every sort : “ Today ’s Terrorism News . ”
It ’s well worth attending to .
Finally , as ever , my special thanks go to Christopher Holmes , who patrols the borders of TomDispatchland , day and night , in search of error .
He ’s indefatigable . ]
Copyright 2010 Tom Engelhardt
Infowars.com
June 25 , 2010
Congress has moved closer to war with Iran .
On June 9 , the United Nations Security Council voted to impose a new round of sanctions on Iran .
“ Congress on Thursday approved tough new unilateral sanctions aimed at squeezing Iran ’s energy and banking sectors , which could also hurt companies from other countries doing business with Tehran , ” Reuters reports .
“ The House of Representatives passed the bill 408 - 8 and sent it to President Barack Obama for signing into law .
The Senate had approved it 99 - 0 earlier in the day . ”
Congress has pushed for crippling sanctions against Iran for months .
At the behest of Obama — in other words , at the behest of the elite — Congress held off until the U.N. Security Council and the European Union agreed on new multilateral sanctions .
Congress , however , believes more punitive measures are still required in order to punish the Islamic state for its nuclear energy program .
Iran is permitted under the NPT to develop nuclear energy but Congress , Obama , Israel and the Europeans insist the program is a cover for a nuclear weapons program .
“ The U.N. sanctions , though a good first step , are quite tepid .
And they are tepid because there are other members of the Security Council who want to keep doing that business with Iran . …
The United States … has to pass these unilateral sanctions , ” declared Democrat senator Barbara Mikulski .
The U.S. has infused the Gulf states with armaments and currently has an armada of warships patrolling Iran ’s shores .
“ Iran ’s rulers will sense that the conventional balance of power is tilting dramatically against them , ” explains the Council on Foreign Relations .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
{openx:49}
In early June , Bilderberg sleuth Jim Tucker reported from Spain that a majority of Bilderberg members are now in favor of military air strikes on Iran .
“ An attack on Iran would provide a welcome distraction to the globalists ’ failings in other areas and would also allow them to war profiteer , ” Paul Joseph Watson reported the American Free Press journalist as saying .
Iran has admitted the globalist are gunning for them .
“ The Islamic Republic in Iran is facing ‘ a sinister international conspiracy ’ designed to ‘ replace religious rule with secularism . ’
The plot was allegedly hatched by a ‘ secret society of Freemasons ’ known as the Bilderberg Group whose members include many of the Western world ’s richest and most powerful businessmen and politicians , ” Iranian journalist Amir Taheri wrote in 2008 .
On June 9 , the United Nations Security Council voted to impose a new round of sanctions on the country .
Obama hailed the effort as “ the toughest sanctions ever faced by the Iranian government . ”
The main thrust of the sanctions is against military purchases , trade and financial transactions carried out by the Islamic Revolutionary Guards Corps , according to the New York Times .
Ron Paul stated in December of last year that sanctions are in essence a declaration of war .
“ It is designed to foment war by cutting off trade and diplomacy .
Too many forget that the quagmire in Iraq began with an embargo .
Sanctions are not diplomacy .
They are a precursor to war and an embarrassment to a country that pays lip service to free trade , ” Paul said .
“ If a foreign government attempted to isolate the U.S. economically , cut off our supply of gasoline , or starve us to death , would it cause Americans to admire that foreign entity ?
Or would we instead unite under the flag for the survival of our country ? ”
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
June 16 , 2010 : Almost 40 years ago , NASA 's Mariner 9 spacecraft relayed to Earth the first video images of Mars ' northern polar ice cap , revealing a strange pattern of spiral swirls that has puzzled scientists ever since .
Using new data from the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter ( MRO ) , researchers have finally uncovered the secrets of the troughs that snake through the ice cap like a spiraled maze .
A 1972 - era TV image of Mars ' north polar cap . [ more ]
Jack Holt of the University of Texas and his graduate student Isaac Smith used radar data from MRO 's Shallow Subsurface Radar to crack the case .
Examining the details of this new data set has laid open the ice cap 's internal structure , revealing clues to the massive ice troughs ' formation .
Apparently , the wind did it .
" Radar cross sections reveal layers of ice deposited throughout the ice cap 's history , " says Holt .
" The size and shape of those layers indicate that wind has played a key role in creating and shaping the spiral troughs . "
Not only does wind shape the spirals , but also it causes them to move .
They rotate around the north pole , turning like an excruciatingly slow pinwheel , curiously enough , against the wind .
Smith explains the process : " Cold air from the top of the ice cap sweeps down the slope , gaining speed and picking up water vapor and ice particles along the way .
As this wind blows across the trough and starts up the other slope ( the cooler side , facing away from the sun ) , it slows and precipitates the ice it holds .
All of this ice is deposited on this cool slope , building it up , so the trough actually grows and migrates , over time , against the wind . "
Alan Howard of the University of Virginia first suggested the ice trough migration model based on Viking spacecraft data back in 1982 .
His theory , that wind erosion and sunlight shape and move the troughs , was never widely accepted , but the new data supports it .
The Coriolis force generated by Mars ' rotation twists the winds sweeping down from the ice cap .
" That explains the troughs ' spiral design , " says Smith .
Similar formations can be found in Antarctic regions of Earth , but without the spiral shape .
Icy megadunes in Antarctica do not spiral like the ice troughs of Mars. [ more ]
" You do n't see spirals in Earth 's Antarctic ice sheet because local topography there prevents the winds from being steered by the Coriolis force . "
The radar data have solved another icy mystery , too -- the origin of Chasma Boreale .
Chasma Boreale is a Grand Canyon - sized chasm that slashes through the midst of the spiraled troughs .
Theories to date suggested that either wind erosion or a single melt event excavated Chasma Boreale within the past 5 to 10 million years .
" Not so , " says Holt .
" The MRO data clearly show the chasm formed [ long before the spirals did ] in a much older ice sheet dating back billions of years .
Due to the shape of that ancient sheet , the chasm grew deeper as newer ice deposits built up around it .
Winds sweeping across the ice cap likely prevented new ice from building up inside the chasm [ so it never filled up ] . "
The radar data also revealed a second chasm matching Boreale in size .
Chasma Boreale is indicated by an arrow in this modern image of the Martian north pole . [ more ]
" This chasm 's never been seen before -- unlike Boreale , it did fill up with ice , probably because it's in a different location .
Boreale is closer to the highest points of the ancient ice cap , where the winds are stronger and more consistent . "
By discovering that both Chasma Boreale and the ice troughs were shaped by similar processes over different timescales , Holt and Smith answer some questions about Martian climate history .
But they 're also sparking new ones .
" For a long stretch of Martian history the ice layers were regular and uniform , then there was a distinct period when the spiral ice troughs got started , " says Smith .
" Something changed .
There must have been a very fast ( relatively speaking ) and powerful change in climate .
We still do n't know what that change was . "
" To figure that out , we need to look at the rest of Mars for evidence of other changes at that same time , " says Holt .
" This is just the tip of the ice berg . "
Author : Dauna Coulter | Editor : Dr. Tony Phillips | Credit : Science@NASA
Defenseman Brock Beukeboom works out during the recent NHL Combine at Toronto .
Beukeboom , a consensus second - round pick , is the son of Rangers fan favorite Jeff Beukeboom , a member of the 1994 Stanley Cup champions .
Defenseman Jarred Tinordi is the son of a former Ranger in Mark Tinordi , a veteran of 663 NHL games who began his career by signing with the Blueshirts as an undrafted free agent .
By Jim Cerny , newyorkrangers.comA pair of rugged defensemen named Beukeboom and Tinordi will be at the Staples Center in Los Angeles next week , but not because the Rangers are holding any sort of alumni game on the west coast .
Instead , the sons of former Blueshirt blueliners Jeff Beukeboom and Mark Tinordi will take center stage as the National Hockey League conducts its annual entry draft .
Brock Beukeboom and Jarred Tinordi will follow their fathers ’ footsteps into the NHL with both expected to be selected before the second round is complete .
The two youngsters , who , like their fathers , both play defense , are ranked very close to one another by NHL Central Scouting .
Tinordi , who played for the U.S. Under - 18 program this past season , is ranked 38th among all North American skaters entering the draft , while Beukeboom , who skated for Sault Ste. Marie , is ranked 41st .
The book on Tinordi is that he plays a very similar game to the one his father did over 12 NHL seasons .
At 6 - feet - 6 , 205 pounds he is a rugged , physical defenseman who is more comfortable clearing his crease than leading the rush up ice .
He is also seen as a leader , a role he played alongside Rangers prospect ( and team captain ) Derek Stepan in helping lead the United States to a gold medal at the 2010 World Junior Championship tournament in Saskatchewan .
Last season Tinordi accumulated 95 penalty minutes and 13 points over 56 games ; and he has committed to attending Notre Dame in the fall .
Tinordi ’s dad played for four NHL teams over the course of his career , originally signing with the Rangers as an undrafted free agent on Jan. 4 , 1987 .
Tinordi appeared in 24 games with the Blueshirts during his rookie campaign of 1987 - 88 and racked up 50 penalty minutes .
He was traded to Minnesota at the end of the season and went on to play with the North Stars , Dallas Stars , and Washington Capitals before retiring .
Tinordi the elder played in 663 NHL games and picked up 1514 career penalty minutes .
Brock Beukeboom is not exactly a carbon copy of his dad , the hulking 6 - foot - 5 defenseman who famously paired with Brian Leetch for years on the Rangers ’ back line and helped the Blueshirts win the 1994 Stanley Cup .
The younger Beukeboom , listed at 6 - foot - 1 and 202 pounds , is viewed more as a two - way defenseman who is solid in front of his own net , but equally adept moving the puck offensively .
His offensive skills might be more heightened due to the fact that up until two years ago he played forward before switching to his dad ’s former position .
Invited to the CHL Top Prospects Game this past January , Beukeboom impressed by winning the hardest shot competition .
In fact , Beukeboom ’s game was so solid the second half of the year that his ranking by Central Scouting jumped 22 slots from mid-season to his end - of - season final pre-draft ranking .
Beukeboom finished the season with a career - best 26 points in 66 games , and he also scored a career - high seven goals .
Brock ’s father also starred for Sault Ste.
Marie more than 20 years ago before starting an NHL career highlighted by multiple Stanley Cup championships with the Rangers and Edmonton Oilers .
Another player in this year ’s draft also has ties to the Rangers – in the form of two cousins .
Right wing Charlie Coyle , the 24th - ranked North American skater , is related to both Tony Amonte , who played for the Blueshirts from 1991 to 1994 , and Bobby Sheehan , a key figure in the team ’s run to the 1979 Stanley Cup Final .
Coyle is expected to go within the first two rounds .
While Brock Beukeboom , Jarred Tinordi and Coyle have some serious NHL bloodlines , there are other draft eligible players who have family connections to the National Hockey League , too .
Most notable of this group is Tyler Pitlick , a center from Minnesota State University , who is expected to be chosen in the first round next week and who is ranked 18th by Central Scouting .
Pitlick ’s uncle is Lance Pitlick , the former NHL defenseman who played with the Ottawa Senators and Florida Panthers .
Another pair of young players looking to follow in family members ’ footsteps at next week ’s draft are Connor Brickley and Christian Thomas .
Brickley , a center from Des Moines ranked 58th by CSB , is the second cousin of Andy Brickley , the ex-NHL forward .
Thomas , ranked 69th as a right wing from Oshawa , is the son of Steve Thomas , who scored 421 career goals in the National Hockey League .
Also of interest are three players from the local tri-state area who are projected to be drafted within the first four rounds next week .
Defenseman Patrick McNally , a Glen Head , N.Y. , native , is ranked 40th by Central Scouting ; left wing Mike Pereira , a West Haven , Conn. , native who plays with Leetch ’s former prep school Avon Old Farms , is ranked 63rd ; and left wing Kenneth Agostino , who hails from Morristown , NJ and plays at Delbarton , is the 72nd ranked player by Central Scouting .
The 2010 NHL Entry Draft will begin on Friday July 25 and will conclude on Saturday July 26 .
The Rangers are currently slotted to pick tenth overall in the first round .
I ran into my daughter ’s favorite author , Mary Pope Osborne , in New York the other night , whose Magic Tree House books I ’ve read to the child at night , and a moment later , Scott Turow , who writes legal thrillers that keep people awake all night , and David Remnick , the biographer of Obama .
Bang bang bang , one heavyweight after another .
Erica Jong , Jeffrey Toobin , Judy Blume .
It was a rooftop party in Tribeca that I got invited to via a well - connected pal , wall - to - wall authors and agents and editors and elegant young women in little black dresses , standing , white wine in hand , looking out across the Hudson at the lights of Hoboken and Jersey City , eating shrimp and scallops and spanikopita on toothpicks , all talking at once the way New Yorkers do .
I grew up on the windswept plains with my nose in a book , so I am awestruck in the presence of book people , even though I have written a couple books myself .
These are anti-elitist times , when mobs are calling for the downfall of pointy - head intellectuals who dare tell decent people what to think , but I admire the elite .
I ’m not one of them —
I ’m a deadline writer , my car has 150,000 miles on it — but I ’m sorry about their downfall .
And this book party in Tribeca feels like a Historic Moment , like a 1982 convention of typewriter salesmen or the hunting party of Kaiser Wilhelm II with his coterie of plumed barons in the fall of 1913 before the Great War sent their world spinning off the precipice .
Call me a pessimist , call me Ishmael , but I think that book publishing is about to slide into the sea .
We live in a literate time , and our children are writing up a storm , often combining letters and numerals ( U R 2 1derful ) , blogging like crazy , reading for hours off their little screens , surfing around from Henry James to Jesse James to the epistle of James to pajamas to Obama to Alabama to Alanon to non-sequiturs , sequins , penguins , penal institutions , and it ’s all free , and you read freely , you ’re not committed to anything the way you are when you shell out $ 30 for a book , you ’re like a hummingbird in an endless meadow of flowers .
And if you want to write , you just write and publish yourself .
No need to ask permission , just open a Web site .
And if you want to write a book , you just write it , send it to Lulu.com or BookSurge at Amazon or PubIt or ExLibris and you ’ve got yourself an e-book .
No problem .
And that is the future of publishing : 18 million authors in America , each with an average of 14 readers , eight of whom are blood relatives .
Average annual earnings : $ 1.75 .
There will be nervous pacing at the Mozilla offices over the coming hours and days , thanks to the browser maker submitting its iPhone sync app Firefox Home to Apple — will it get the divine thumbs - up ?
Advertisement
It almost certainly will , as Firefox Home is n't treading on any of Apple 's sensitive toes — it 's only a bookmark and history syncing tool for iPhone , with any links and tabs shared opening in the standard Safari browser via the Firefox Sync extension .
Here 's a video of it in action .
It 's harmless .
[ Mozilla via TechCrunch ]
In response to Bernanke Says Economic Outlook is " Unusually Uncertain " , Fed Prepared for " Actions as Needed " I received this comment from " Economics Teacher " .
ET Writes ...
Ben is forecasting uncertainty and saying the Fed 's prepared for action as needed .
Did Uncle
Ben strain his cerebrum coming up with that one ( forecasting uncertainty ) ?
I suppose there 's a difference between " unusually uncertain " and " typically uncertain . "
Either way it comes out this way - Ben does n't know squat !
Is " Uncertain " an Improvement ?
Fed Uncertainty Principle :
The fed , by its very existence , has completely distorted the market via self reinforcing observer / participant feedback loops .
Thus , it is fatally flawed logic to suggest the Fed is simply following the market , therefore the market is to blame for the Fed 's actions .
There would not be a Fed in a free market , and by implication there would not be observer / participant feedback loops either .
Corollary Number One :
The Fed has no idea where interest rates should be .
Only a free market does .
The Fed will be disingenuous about what it knows ( nothing of use ) and does n't know ( much more than it wants to admit ) , particularly in times of economic stress .
Corollary Number Two :
The government / quasi - government body most responsible for creating this mess ( the Fed ) , will attempt a big power grab , purportedly to fix whatever problems it creates .
The bigger the mess it creates , the more power it will attempt to grab .
Over time this leads to dangerously concentrated power into the hands of those who have already proven they do not know what they are doing .
Corollary Number
Three :
Do n't expect the Fed to learn from past mistakes .
Instead , expect the Fed to repeat them with bigger and bigger doses of exactly what created the initial problem .
Corollary Number Four :
The Fed simply does not care whether its actions are illegal or not .
The Fed is operating under the principle that it 's easier to get forgiveness than permission .
And forgiveness is just another means to the desired power grab it is seeking .
Things to be Certain About
Image caption
The fibre rollout can begin in earnest says Ofcom
BT has announced that it will expand its roll - out of next - generation broadband to bring super - fast services to two - thirds of the UK .
Originally its fibre services , offering speeds of up to 40 megabits per second ( Mbps ) , were due to reach around 40 % of the population by 2012 .
A £ 1bn investment will see the project roll out to a further 20 % of the population by 2015 .
The first four million people will be connected by the end of the year .
" It 's an exciting situation , " said Liv Garfield of the firm .
The firm has also announced a deal with the Onlive video games service to offer streaming games to BT Vision customers .
" You 'll have many games from many different providers and you 'll be able to play them wherever you are , " said Ms Garfield .
Long climb
The expansion of fibre services has been enabled by the firm 's return to profit .
Image caption
The service will be available later in the year and charge a monthly fee Streaming games service launched
BT announced a profit of just over £ 1bn ( $ 1.49 bn ) in the year to 31 March , compared with a loss of £ 244 m during the previous 12 months .
The telco had previously committed to spend £ 1.5 bn on its fibre network by 2012 but is now able to invest a further £ 1bn , said Ms Garfield .
She said of the 66 % of the population who will have access to the fibre network , one quarter will have fibre to the home .
" That will have download speeds of 100 Mbps and uploads of 30 Mbps , " she told BBC News .
The rest will have " fibre to the cabinet " , meaning that the fast cables will reach street side cabinets .
This will offer download speeds of 40 Mbps , said Ms Garfield .
The roll out will be " evenly distributed " across England , Scotland and Wales , she said .
Adrian Wooster at the Independent Networks Cooperative Association , which co-ordinates community broadband efforts , said it was only the start of the journey towards faster broadband for all .
It seems BT is not interested in delivering a rural solution but at the same time is trying to stop anyone else from doing so Dr David Lewis , Managing director , Rutland Telecom
" This announcement to deliver up to 40 Mbps to much of the population provides the UK with an opportunity to re-camp and seriously consider how we as nation will be able to invest on the levels required to match the broadband programmes seen in other countries , " he said .
" We have left base camp and are making good progress but must n't lose sight of the summit , " he added .
The Conservatives have made it clear that they do not support immediate government intervention in the broadband market .
Before the election it said that if commercial firms have not provided super - fast broadband to everyone by 2012 , it will consider offering some financial help .
Data needed
Many communities have become frustrated by the slow roll - out of fibre services and have begun to offer their own .
Midlands village Lyddington broke away from BT after the telco said it was too expensive to offer fibre services .
Image caption Lyddington is one of many rural areas with slow broadband Village launches DIY broadband
After successfully " unbundling " the Lyddington telephone cabinet , locally - based Rutland Telecom has had enquiries from 200 other villages keen to do the same thing .
But , in order to establish how much it would cost each village to break away from BT it needs access to some crucial information about how homes are connected to its network .
" BT has consistently refused to release the data Rutland Telecom needs to tell which premises are connected to which green cabinet , " said Dr David Lewis .
" It seems BT is not interested in delivering a rural solution but at the same time is trying to stop anyone else from doing so , " he added .
Ms Garfield said that she was unaware of any problems .
" It 's news to me I 'm afraid .
I thought we had provided everything we were required to provide . "
Prof .
Herek 's blog Subscribe to
Prof. Herek 's blog Follow @DrGregoryHerek
Open bibliography
in a separate
window Members of disliked minority groups are often stereotyped as representing a danger to the majority 's most vulnerable members .
For example , Jews in the Middle Ages were accused of murdering Christian babies in ritual sacrifices .
Black men in the United States were often lynched after being falsely accused of raping White women .
In a similar fashion , gay people have often been portrayed as a threat to children .
Back in 1977 , when Anita Bryant campaigned successfully to repeal a Dade County ( FL ) ordinance prohibiting anti-gay discrimination , she named her organization " Save Our Children , " and warned that " a particularly deviant - minded [ gay ] teacher could sexually molest children " ( Bryant , 1977 , p. 114 ) .
[ Bibliographic references are on a different web page ]
In recent years , antigay activists have routinely asserted that gay people are child molesters .
This argument was often made in debates about the Boy Scouts of America 's policy to exclude gay scouts and scoutmasters .
More recently , in the wake of Rep. Mark Foley 's resignation from the US House of Representatives in 2006 , antigay activists and their supporters seized on the scandal to revive this canard .
It has also been raised in connection with scandals about the Catholic church 's attempts to cover up the abuse of young males by priests .
Indeed , the Vatican 's early response to the 2002 revelations of widespread Church cover-ups of sexual abuse by priests was to declare that gay men should not be ordained .
Public belief in
the stereotype
The number of Americans who believe the myth that gay people are child molesters has declined substantially .
In a 1970 national survey , more than 70 % of respondents agreed with the assertions that " Homosexuals are dangerous as teachers or youth leaders because they try to get sexually involved with children " or that " Homosexuals try to play sexually with children if they can not get an adult partner . "
1
By contrast , in a 1999 national poll , the belief that most gay men are likely to molest or abuse children was endorsed by only 19 % of heterosexual men and 10 % of heterosexual women .
Even fewer  9 % of men and 6 % of women  regarded most lesbians as child molesters .
Consistent with these findings , Gallup polls have found that an increasing number of Americans would allow gay people to be elementary school teachers .
For example , the proportion was 54 % in 2005 , compared to 27 % in 1977 .
Examining the
Research
Even though most Americans do n't regard gay people as child molesters , confusion remains widespread in this area .
To understand the facts , it is important to examine the results of scientific research .
However , when we evaluate research on child molestation , our task is complicated by several problems .
One problem is that none of the studies in this area have obtained data from a probability sample , that is , a sample that can be assumed to be representative of the population of all child molesters .
Rather , most research has been conducted only with convicted perpetrators or with pedophiles who sought professional help .
Consequently , they may not accurately describe child molesters who have never been caught or have not sought treatment .
Terminology
A second problem is that the terminology used in this area is often confusing and can even be misleading .
We can begin to address that problem by defining some basic terms .
Pedophilia and child molestation are used in different ways , even by professionals .
Pedophilia usually refers to an adult psychological disorder characterized by a preference for prepubescent children as sexual partners ; this preference may or may not be acted upon .
The term hebephilia is sometimes used to describe adult sexual attractions to adolescents or children who have reached puberty .
Whereas pedophilia and hebephilia refer to psychological propensities , child molestation and child sexual abuse are used to describe actual sexual contact between an adult and someone who has not reached the legal age of consent .
In this context , the latter individual is referred to as a child , even though he or she may be a teenager .
Although the terms are not always applied consistently , it is useful to distinguish between pedophiles / hebephiles and child molesters / abusers .
Pedophilia and hebephilia are diagnostic labels that refer to psychological attractions .
Not all pedophiles and hebephiles actually molest children ; an adult can be attracted to children or adolescents without ever actually engaging in sexual contact with them .
Child molestation and child sexual abuse refer to actions , and do n't imply a particular psychological makeup or motive on the part of the perpetrator .
Not all incidents of child sexual abuse are perpetrated by pedophiles or hebephiles ; in some cases , the perpetrator has other motives for his or her actions and does not manifest an ongoing pattern of sexual attraction to children .
Thus , not all child sexual abuse is perpetrated by pedophiles ( or hebephiles ) and not all pedophiles and hebephiles actually commit abuse .
Consequently , it is important to use terminology carefully .
Another problem related to terminology arises because sexual abuse of male children by adult men2 is often referred to as " homosexual molestation . "
The adjective " homosexual " ( or " heterosexual " when a man abuses a female child ) refers to the victim 's gender in relation to that of the perpetrator .
Unfortunately , people sometimes mistakenly interpret it as referring to the perpetrator 's sexual orientation .
As an expert panel of researchers convened by the National Academy of Sciences noted in a 1993 report : " The distinction between homosexual and heterosexual child molesters relies on the premise that male molesters of male victims are homosexual in orientation .
Most molesters of boys do not report sexual interest in adult men , however " ( National Research Council , 1993 , p. 143 , citation omitted ) .
To avoid this confusion , it is preferable to refer to men's sexual abuse of boys with the more accurate label of male - male molestation .
Similarly , it is preferable to refer to men's abuse of girls as male - female molestation .
These labels are more accurate because they describe the sex of the individuals involved but do n't implicitly convey unwarranted assumptions about the perpetrator 's sexual orientation .
Typologies of
Offenders
The distinction between a victim 's gender and a perpetrator 's sexual orientation is important because many child molesters do n't really have an adult sexual orientation .
They have never developed the capacity for mature sexual relationships with other adults , either men or women .
Instead , their sexual attractions focus on children  boys , girls , or children of both sexes .
Over the years , this fact has been incorporated into various systems for categorizing child molesters .
For example , Finkelhor and Araji ( 1986 ) proposed that perpetrators ' sexual attractions should be conceptualized as ranging along a continuum  from exclusive interest in children at one extreme , to exclusive interest in adult partners at the other end .
Typologies of offenders have often included a distinction between those with an enduring primary preference for children as sexual partners and those who have established age - appropriate relationships but become sexually involved with children under unusual circumstances of extreme stress .
Perpetrators in the first category  those with a more or less exclusive interest in children  have been labeled fixated .
Fixation means " a temporary or permanent arrestment of psychological maturation resulting from unresolved formative issues which persist and underlie the organization of subsequent phases of development " ( Groth & Birnbaum , 1978 , p. 176 ) .
Many clinicians view fixated offenders as being " stuck " at an early stage of psychological development .
By contrast , other molesters are described as regressed .
Regression is " a temporary or permanent appearance of primitive behavior after more mature forms of expression had been attained , regardless of whether the immature behavior was actually manifested earlier in the individual 's development " ( Groth & Birnbaum , 1978 , p. 177 ) .
Regressed offenders have developed an adult sexual orientation but under certain conditions ( such as extreme stress ) they return to an earlier , less mature psychological state and engage in sexual contact with children .
Some typologies of child molesters divide the fixation - regression distinction into multiple categories , and some include additional categories as well ( e.g. , Knight , 1989 ) .
For the present discussion , the important point is that many child molesters cannot be meaningfully described as homosexuals , heterosexuals , or bisexuals ( in the usual sense of those terms ) because they are not really capable of a relationship with an adult man or woman .
Instead of gender , their sexual attractions are based primarily on age .
These individuals  who are often characterized as fixated  are attracted to children , not to men or women .
Using the fixated - regressed distinction , Groth and Birnbaum ( 1978 ) studied 175 adult males who were convicted in Massachusetts of sexual assault against a child .
None of the men had an exclusively homosexual adult sexual orientation .
83 ( 47 % ) were classified as " fixated ; " 70 others ( 40 % ) were classified as regressed adult heterosexuals ; the remaining 22 ( 13 % ) were classified as regressed adult bisexuals .
Of the last group , Groth and Birnbaum observed that " in their adult relationships they engaged in sex on occasion with men as well as with women .
However , in no case did this attraction to men exceed their preference for women .... There were no men who were primarily sexually attracted to other adult males ... " ( p.180 ) .
Other
Approaches
Other researchers have taken different approaches , but have similarly failed to find a connection between homosexuality and child molestation .
Dr. Carole Jenny and her colleagues reviewed 352 medical charts , representing all of the sexually abused children seen in the emergency room or child abuse clinic of a Denver children 's hospital during a one - year period ( from July 1 , 1991 to June 30 , 1992 ) .
The molester was a gay or lesbian adult in fewer than 1 % of cases in which an adult molester could be identified  only 2 of the 269 cases ( Jenny et al. , 1994 ) .
In yet another approach to studying adult sexual attraction to children , some Canadian researchers observed how homosexual and heterosexual adult men responded to slides of males and females of various ages ( child , pubescent , and mature adult ) .
All of the research subjects were first screened to ensure that they preferred physically mature sexual partners .
In some of the slides shown to subjects , the model was clothed ; in others , he or she was nude .
The slides were accompanied by audio recordings .
The recordings paired with the nude models described an imaginary sexual interaction between the model and the subject .
The recordings paired with the pictures of clothed models described the model engaging in neutral activities ( e.g. , swimming ) .
To measure sexual arousal , changes in the subjects ' penis volume were monitored while they watched the slides and listened to the audiotapes .
The researchers found that homosexual males responded no more to male children than heterosexual males responded to female children ( Freund et al. , 1989 ) .
In summary , each of these studies failed to support the hypothesis that homosexual males are more likely than heterosexual men to molest children or to be sexually attracted to children or adolescents .
The Mainstream
View Reflecting the results of these and other studies , as well as clinical experience , the mainstream view among researchers and professionals who work in the area of child sexual abuse is that homosexual and bisexual men do not pose any special threat to children .
For example , in one review of the scientific literature , noted authority Dr. A. Nicholas Groth wrote :
Are homosexual adults in general sexually attracted to children and are preadolescent children at greater risk of molestation from homosexual adults than from heterosexual adults ?
There is no reason to believe so .
The research to date all points to there being no significant relationship between a homosexual lifestyle and child molestation .
There appears to be practically no reportage of sexual molestation of girls by lesbian adults , and the adult male who sexually molests young boys is not likely to be homosexual ( Groth & Gary , 1982 , p. 147 ) .
In a later literature review , Dr. Nathaniel McConaghy ( 1998 ) similarly cautioned against confusing homosexuality with pedophilia .
He noted , " The man who offends against prepubertal or immediately postpubertal boys is typically not sexually interested in older men or in women " ( p. 259 ) .
This well known lack of a linkage between homosexuality and child molestation accounts for why relatively little research has directly addressed the issue .
For example , a 1998 comprehensive review of published empirical research on the sexual abuse of boys reported only one study ( the 1994 study by Jenny and colleagues , cited above ) that included data about the self - reported sexual orientation of perpetrators ( Holmes & Slap , 1998 ) .
Proving something that is already widely known simply is n't a priority for scientists .
Indeed , a commentary that accompanied publication of the study by Jenny et al. in Pediatrics noted that debates about gay people as molesters " have little to do with everyday child abuse " and lamented that they distract lawmakers and the public from dealing with the real problem of children 's sexual mistreatment ( Krugman , 1994 ) .
Other
Sexual Abuse
In scandals involving the Catholic church , the victims of sexual abuse were often adolescent boys rather than small children .
Similarly , the 2006 congressional page scandal involved males who were at least 16 years old .
These are cases in which the term pedophilia  referring as it does to attractions to prepubescent children  can cause confusion .
Rather than pedophilia , the accusations stemming from these scandals raised the question of whether gay people should n't be trusted in positions of authority where there is any opportunity for sexually harassing or abusing others .
Here again , there is no inherent connection between an adult 's sexual orientation and her or his propensity for endangering others .
Scientific research provides no evidence that homosexual people are less likely than heterosexuals to exercise good judgment and appropriate discretion in their employment settings .
There are no data , for example , showing that gay men and lesbians are more likely than heterosexual men and women to sexually harass their subordinates in the workplace .
Data from studies using a variety of psychological measures do not indicate that gay people are more likely than heterosexuals to possess any psychological characteristics that would make them less capable of controlling their sexual urges , refraining from the abuse of power , obeying rules and laws , interacting effectively with others , or exercising good judgment in handling authority .
As explained elsewhere on this site , sexual orientation is not a mental illness nor is it inherently associated with impaired psychological functioning .
Gay men and lesbians function effectively in a wide variety of employment settings .
The research literature does n't reveal any differences between heterosexuals , bisexuals , and homosexuals in job performance or ability to properly exercise authority in supervisory roles .
As indicated by workplace policies around the United States , a large and growing number of private and public employers do not perceive a problem with hiring gay and bisexual people as employees or managers .
Many corporations , educational institutions , and local governments have adopted policies that prohibit discrimination against employees on the basis of sexual orientation .
Many of those organizations provide benefits such as health insurance for employees ' same - sex partners .
Indeed , one widely cited reason for offering such benefits is that they enable a company to remain competitive by attracting high quality employees who happen to be gay , lesbian , or bisexual .
Thus , there is no factual basis for organizations to avoid hiring homosexual or bisexual people , simply on the basis of their sexual orientation , for positions that involve responsibility for or supervision of others , whether children , adolescents , or adults .
What About Claims That Scientific Research Proves Gay Men Are Likely To Molest Children ?
Some conservative groups have argued that scientific research strongly supports their claims that homosexuality and pedophilia are linked .
The Family Research Council has produced what is perhaps the most extensive attempt to document this claim .
It is an article by Timothy J. Dailey titled Homosexuality and Child Abuse .
With 76 footnotes , many of them referring to papers in scientific journals , it appears at first glance to be a thorough and scholarly discussion of the issue .
On further examination , however , its central argument – that " the evidence indicates that homosexual men molest boys at rates grossly disproportionate to the rates at which heterosexual men molest girls " – does n't hold up .
In the following section , the main sources cited by Dailey and the FRC to support their claim are reviewed .
The papers are listed in the same order in which they are first cited by the FRC article .
Freund et al. ( 1989 ) .
Heterosexuality , homosexuality , and erotic age preference .
Journal of Sex Research , 26 , 107 - 117 .
This article is discussed above in the " Other Approaches " section .
As the FRC concedes , it contradicts their argument .
The abstract summarizes the authors ' conclusion : " Findings indicate that homosexual males who preferred mature partners responded no more to male children than heterosexual males who preferred mature partners responded to female children . "
Silverthorne & Quinsey . ( 2000 ) .
Sexual partner age preferences of homosexual and heterosexual men and women .
Archives of Sexual Behavior , 29 , 67 - 76 .
The FRC cites this study to challenge the Freund et al. data ( see the previous paper above ) .
However , the methodologies were quite different .
Freund and his colleagues used a sample that included sex offenders and they assessed sexual arousal with a physiological measure similar to that described below for the 1988 Marshall et al. study .
Silverthorne and Quinsey used a sample of community volunteers who were asked to view pictures of human faces and use a 7 - point scale to rate their sexual attractiveness .
The apparent ages of the people portrayed in the pictures was originally estimated by Dr. Silverthorne to range from 15 to 50 .
However , a group of independent raters perceived the male faces to range in age from 18 to 58 , and the female faces to range from 19 to 60 .
The article does n't report the data in great detail ( e.g. , average ratings are depicted only in a graphic ; the actual numbers are n't reported ) and the authors provide contradictory information about the rating scale ( they describe it as a 7 - point scale but also say it ranged from 0 to 7 , which constitutes an 8 - point scale ) .
In either case , it appears that none of the pictures was rated as " very sexually attractive " ( a rating of 7 ) .
Rather , the highest average ratings were approximately 5 .
On average , gay men rated the 18 - year old male faces the most attractive ( average rating = about 5 ) , with attractiveness ratings declining steadily for older faces .
They rated the 58 - year old male faces 2 , on average .
By contrast , heterosexual men rated the 25 - year old female faces the most attractive ( about 5 ) , with the 18 - and 28 - year old female faces rated lower ( between 2 and 3 ) and the 60 - year old female faces rated the least attractive ( about 1 ) .
A serious problem with this study is that the researchers did n't control for the possibility that some of the faces pictured in the photos might simply have been more or less physically attractive than the others , independent of their age or gender .
The researchers explicitly acknowledged this shortcoming , speculating that the women 's faces in the 25 - year old group might have been more attractive than women 's faces in the other age groups .
But they did n't address the possibility that the attractiveness of the male and female faces may not have been comparable .
This issue could have been addressed in various ways .
For example , prior to collecting data , the researchers could have started with a large number of photographs and asked a group of independent raters to evaluate the general physical attractiveness of the face in each photo ; these ratings could have been used to select photos for the experiment that were equivalent in attractiveness .
Getting independent ratings of experimental stimuli in this way is a common procedure in social psychological research .
Thus , even if one accepts the questionable assumption that this study is relevant , it does n't support the FRC 's contention that gay men are more likely than heterosexual men to be child molesters for several reasons : the researchers failed to control for the varying attractiveness of the different photos ;
all of the faces portrayed in the photos were perceived to be at least 18 ; and
the study merely assessed judgments of sexual attractiveness rather than the research participants ' sexual arousal .
Blanchard et al. ( 2000 ) .
Fraternal birth order and sexual orientation in pedophiles .
Archives of Sexual Behavior , 29 , 463-478 .
This study categorized convicted sex offenders according to whether they molested or reported sexual attraction to boys only , girls only , or both boys and girls .
These groups were labeled , respectively , homosexual pedophiles , heterosexual pedophiles , and bisexual pedophiles .
This classification referred to their attractions to children .
Adult sexual orientation ( or even whether the men had an adult sexual orientation ) was n't assessed .
Elliott et al. ( 1995 ) .
Child sexual abuse prevention :
What offenders tell us .
Child Abuse & Neglect , 19 , 579-594 .
In this study , child sex offenders were interviewed .
Their sexual orientation ( gay , heterosexual , bisexual ) was n't assessed .
The authors drew from their findings to suggest strategies for how parents and children can prevent sexual victimization .
It is noteworthy that none of those strategies involved avoiding gay men .
Jenny et al. ( 1994 ) .
Are children at risk for sexual abuse by homosexuals ?
Pediatrics , 94 , 41 - 44 .
This study , described above in the section on " Other Approaches , " contradicts the FRC 's argument .
The FRC faults the study because the researchers did n't directly interview perpetrators but instead relied on the victims ' medical charts for information about the offender 's sexual orientation .
However , other studies cited favorably by the FRC ( and summarized in this section ) similarly relied on chart data ( Erickson et al. , 1988 ) or did not directly assess the sexual orientation of perpetrators ( Blanchard et al .
2000 ; Elliott et al.
1995 ; Marshall et al. , 1988 ) .
Thus , the FRC apparently considers this method a weakness only when it leads to results they dislike .
Marshall et al. ( 1988 ) .
Sexual offenders against male children : Sexual preference .
Behaviour Research and Therapy , 26 , 383-391 .
In this study , the researchers compared 21 men who had sexually molested a male under 16 years ( and at least 5 years younger than themselves ) to 18 unemployed men who were not known to have molested a child .
Over a series of sessions , each man watched color slides of nude males and females of various ages and listened to audiotaped descriptions of both coercive and consensual sexual interactions between a man and a boy .
During the sessions , each man sat in a private booth , where he was instructed to lower his trousers and underwear and attach a rubber tube to his penis .
The tube detected any changes in penis circumference , with increases interpreted as indicating sexual arousal .
The FRC cites this study as showing that " a homosexual and a heterosexual subgroup can be delineated among these offenders . "
This is true but hardly relevant to their claims .
The researchers categorized 7 offenders who were more aroused overall by the male nudes than the female nudes as the homosexual subgroup .
They categorized 14 offenders who were more aroused overall by the female nudes as the heterosexual subgroup .
The offenders were not asked their sexual orientation ( gay , straight , bisexual ) and the paper does not report any information about the nature of the offenders ' adult sexual relationships , or even if they had any such relationships .
Bickley & Beech . ( 2001 ) .
Classifying child abusers :
Its relevance to theory and clinical practice .
International Journal Of Offender Therapy And Comparative Criminology , 45 , 51 - 69 .
This is a literature review and theoretical paper that discusses the strengths and weaknesses of various systems for classifying child molesters .
In citing this study , the FRC says it : refers to homosexual pedophiles as a " distinct group . "
The victims of homosexual pedophiles " were more likely to be strangers , that they were more likely to have engaged in paraphiliac behavior separate from that involved in the offence , and that they were more likely to have past convictions for sexual offences ....
Other studies [ showed a ] greater risk of reoffending than those who had offended against girls " and that the " recidivism rate for male - victim offenders is approximately twice that for female - victim offenders . "
In reality , however , the paper was summarizing the findings of other studies , not reporting new data .
In the passage excerpted by the FRC , the authors were discussing published papers that used a classification system focusing entirely on the sex of victims ( not whether the perpetrator is straight or gay ) .
Here is the complete text ( the passages that FRC omitted are highlighted ) : " Grubin and Kennedy ( 1991 ) reported that when dividing sex offenders based simply on the sex of their victims , offenders against boys stood out as a distinct group .
They noted that their victims were more likely to be strangers , that they were more likely to have engaged in paraphiliac behavior separate from that involved in the offence , and they were more likely to have past convictions for sexual offences .
Other studies have employed the sex - of - victim approach in the prediction of future risk , with offenders who have sexually abused boys or both boys and girls reported as having more victims and being at greater risk of reoffending than those who had offended against girls only [ bibliographic references omitted ] .
In the nondiagnostic remarks , DSM - IV ( APA , 1994 ) claims that the recidivism rate for male - victim offenders is approximately twice that for female - victim offenders , and although not demonstrating such a marked difference , Furby , Weinrott , and Blackshaw ( 1989 ) , in an extensive review of recidivism rates , found that reoffending was higher for male victim offenders . [ ¶ ]
However , the sex - of - victim distinction has not been consistently found , and contrasting findings have been reported in studies that have demonstrated no differences in recidivism rates between the groups [ bibliographic references omitted ] .
Furthermore , Abel , Becker , Murphy , and Flanagan ( 1981 ) found that those child molesters who offended against girls reported more than twice as many victims as those who had offended against boys , a finding contrary to the hypothesized outcome . " ( p. 56 ) Jay & Young . ( 1977 ) .
The gay report : Lesbians and gay men speak out about sexual experiences and lifestyles .
New York : Summit .
This book , published more than 30 years ago by a team of writer - activists , is not a scientific study .
The authors ' survey methodology is not reported in detail and , because it was a journalistic work , the survey was never subjected to scientific peer review .
Erickson et al. ( 1988 ) .
Behavior patterns of child molesters .
Archives of Sexual Behavior , 17 , 77 - 86 .
This study was based on a retrospective review of the medical records of male sex offenders admitted to the Minnesota Security Hospital between 1975 and 1984 .
Apparently , 70 % of the men abused girls , 26 % abused boys , and 4 % abused children of both sexes .
( The paper is unclear in that it does n't explain how perpetrators with multiple victims were counted . )
The paper asserts in passing that " Eighty - six percent of offenders against males described themselves as homosexual or bisexual " ( p. 83 ) .
However , no details are provided about how this information was ascertained , making it difficult to interpret or evaluate .
Nor did the authors report the number of homosexual versus bisexual offenders , a distinction that the Groth and Birnbaum study ( described above ) indicates is relevant .
In summary , the scientific sources cited by the FRC report do not support their argument .
Most of the studies they referenced did not even assess the sexual orientation of abusers .
Two studies explicitly concluded that sexual orientation and child molestation are unrelated .
Notably , the FRC failed to cite the 1978 study by Groth and Birnbaum , which also contradicted their argument .
Only one study ( Erickson et al. , 1988 ) might be interpreted as supporting the FRC argument , and it failed to detail its measurement procedures and did not differentiate bisexual from homosexual offenders .
Do Any Studies Claim To Show That Homosexuals Are More Likely To Molest Children ?
One individual has claimed to have data that prove homosexuals to be child molesters at a higher rate than heterosexuals .
That person is Paul Cameron .
As detailed elsewhere on this site , Cameron 's survey data are subject to so many methodological flaws as to be virtually meaningless .
Even so , his assertions are sometimes quoted by antigay organizations in their attempts to link homosexuality with child sexual abuse .
In a 1985 article published in Psychological Reports , Cameron purported to review published data to answer the question , " Do those who commit homosexual acts disproportionately incorporate children into their sexual practices ? " ( p. 1227 ) .
He concluded that " at least one - third of the sexual attacks upon youth are homosexual " ( p. 1228 ) and that " those who are bi- to homosexual are proportionately much more apt to molest youth " than are heterosexuals ( p. 1231 ) .
Cameron 's claims hinge on the fallacious assumption that all male - male molestations are committed by homosexuals .
Moreover , a careful reading of Cameron 's paper reveals several false statements about the literature he claimed to have reviewed .
For example , he cited the Groth and Birnbaum ( 1978 ) study mentioned previously as evidencing a 3:2 ratio of " heterosexual " ( i.e. , female victim ) to " homosexual " ( i.e. , male victim ) molestations , and he noted that " 54 % of all the molestations in this study were performed by bisexual or homosexual practitioners " ( p. 1231 ) .
However , Groth and Birnbaum reported that none of the men in their sample had an exclusively homosexual adult sexual orientation , and that none of the 22 bisexual men were more attracted to adult males than to adult females .
The " 54 % " statistic reported by Cameron does n't appear anywhere in the Groth and Birnbaum ( 1978 ) article , nor does Cameron explain its derivation .
It is also noteworthy that , although Cameron assumed that the perpetrators of male - male molestations were all homosexual , he assumed that not all male - female molestations were committed by heterosexuals .
He incorporated a " bisexual correction " into his data manipulations to increase further his estimate of the risk posed to children by homosexual / bisexual men .
In the latter half of his paper , Cameron considered whether " homosexual teachers have more frequent sexual interaction with their pupils " ( p. 1231 ) .
Based on 30 instances of sexual contact between a teacher and pupil reported in ten different sources published between 1920 and 1982 , Cameron concluded that " a pupil would appear about 90 times more likely to be sexually assaulted by a homosexual practitioner " ( p.1232 ) ; the ratio rose to 100 times when Cameron added his bisexual correction .
This ratio is meaningless because no data were obtained concerning the actual sexual orientation of the teachers involved ; as before , Cameron assumed that male - male contacts were perpetrated by homosexuals .
Furthermore , Cameron 's rationale for selecting particular sources appears to have been completely arbitrary .
He described no systematic method for reviewing the literature , and apparently never reviewed the voluminous literature on the sexual development of children and adolescents .
His final choice of sources appears to have slanted his findings toward what Cameron described as " the relative absence in the scientific literature of heterosexual teacher - pupil sexual events coupled with persistent , albeit infrequent , homosexual teacher - pupil sexual interactions " ( p. 1232 ) .
A subsequent paper by Cameron and others ( Cameron , Proctor , Coburn , Forde , Larson , & Cameron , 1986 ) described data collected in a door - to - door survey in seven U.S. cities and towns , and generally repeated the conclusions reached in Cameron ( 1985 ) .
Even Cameron himself admitted that his conclusions in this study are " based upon small numbers of data points " ( Cameron , 2005 , p. 230 ) .
As before , male - male sexual assaults were referred to as " homosexual " molestations ( e.g. , Abstract , p.327 ) and the perpetrators ' sexual orientation apparently was not assessed .
This study also suffers from fatal methodological problems , which are detailed elsewhere on this site .
In yet another article published in Psychological Reports , Cameron claimed to have reviewed data about sexual abuse by foster parents in Illinois and found that 34 % of the perpetrators had abused a foster child of their own sex , that is , female - female or male - male abuse ( Cameron , 2005 ) .
Not only did Cameron again make the fallacious claim that all male - male molestations are committed by homosexuals , he also made the same claim about female - female molestations .
Once again , he had no data about the actual sexual orientations of the molesters .
Cameron continues to produce reports that essentially repeat the same inaccurate claims .
Perhaps one of the best indicators of his diminished credibility in this area is that his work was not even cited in the 2004 FRC report discussed in detail above .
Conclusion
The empirical research does not show that gay or bisexual men are any more likely than heterosexual men to molest children .
This is not to argue that homosexual and bisexual men never molest children .
But there is no scientific basis for asserting that they are more likely than heterosexual men to do so .
And , as explained above , many child molesters cannot be characterized as having an adult sexual orientation at all ; they are fixated on children .
Notes
1 . The survey was conducted under the auspices of the Kinsey Institute ( Klassen , Williams , & Levitt , 1989 ) .
( return to text )
In just a little more than a month , the good folks at the Zen Peacemaker Community will be hosting a fantastic Symposium for Western Socially Engaged Buddhism up in the pastoral beauty of Montague , MA .
The dates are August 9 – 14 , and speakers include Roshi Joan Halifax , Roshi Bernie Glassman , Hozan Alan Senauke , Sarah Weintraub , Daniel Goleman , and Paula Green … there are many more great people on the schedule .
Here ’s an invitation : I ’m not able to be at the symposium , but if any readers of the Jizo Chronicles are going and would like to write some dispatches from the event , I ’d be happy to publish them here .
Please contact me at maia [ at ] gmail [ dot ] com to let me know if you ’re interested in serving as our reporter .
Yes , this is the second post about Glenn “ Manbaby ” Beck today , because on his radio show he managed to top his hero - worship of Joe McCarthy , by saying that race relations went wrong “ in the lead - up to the Civil War . ”
Because according to Beck , before that “ we were moving on the right track . ”
Un - freaking - believable .
“ The things that have happened in this country , where it really started to go wrong , was in the lead - up to the Civil War .
And it became politicized , and it was all about slavery .
Before then , we were moving on the right track . ”
As bizarre as this opinion may seem , this is simply another front in the right ’s ongoing campaign of historical revisionism .
You may remember that at CPAC 2010 , one of the workshops was titled “ Friend or Foe ?
Abraham Lincoln on Liberty , ” sponsored by Ron Paul ’s Campaign for Liberty organization .
The Ron Paulians , aided by racist neo-Confederate throwbacks like Lew Rockwell and Robert Stacy McCain , have been pushing the demonization of Abraham Lincoln to the right wing for years , and it ’s beginning to go mainstream .
Update : more details have been revealed on our Team Fortress 2 Engineer update liveblog
The Engineer update is imminent .
On Wednesday Robin hinted on the Team Fortress 2 blog that this was the calm before the storm , then last night the game was updated to add a bunch of seemingly minor tweaks .
But in that update is code and visuals for a new Engineer weapon , possibly even a game mode , and the first scraps of a new cryptic teaser for the update .
The Engineer is the only one of Team Fortress 2's nine classes yet to get a free update pack of new weapons and abilities .
Read on for the clues so far , and a video of the new Wrench turning people to wibbly gold .
Steam forums poster Maginot , and others in the thread he 's created , have found two versions of the same cryptic image , the second revealing a little more than the first .
Both show the same line of garbled text , but the second provides a site to decode it at : it uses a form of MD5 encryption , which was also used in clues Valve added to Portal shortly before the Portal 2 reveal .
Decrypted , it reads :
Clearly here is more space than needed .
I wonder what else was here ?
Sincerely
saxtonhale
Below is indeed a lot of space , then an icon of what looks like an anvil .
In the second image , this is overlayed with a golden wrench .
Which just so happens to tie into what has also been found in the game code .
The files refer to a wrench that not only is gold , but also turns people 's corpses gold when it kills them .
Some have switched the code into the game to try it out , and this is the result :
The poster 's put up the file he used so anyone can try it out - dump it in C : \Program Files\Steam\steamapps \USERNAME
eam fortress 2 f\scripts\items
Update : verified as working , see below for shots .
The game code includes references to the following :
" name " " turn to gold "
" attribute_name " " turns corpse to gold "
" %s1 has found Golden Wrench no . %s2 ! "
" %s1 has destroyed Golden Wrench no . %s2 ! "
The notion of finding the wrenches is backed up by their sudden appearance in the full items list on tf2items.com , which pulls its data in from the game 's databases .
Its only stated property is " Imbued with an ancient power " - presumably a Midas reference .
The last clues we had to the content of the final class update was an official teaser video that showed glimpses of a dispenser with a radar , a blueprint for a robot arm , a flamethrower , the legs of an unseen sentry , some tiny gizmos with red lights , and what looked like a metal head .
Then there was the engraved , scoped shotgun shown in the Mac trailer .
Some of the wilder hints are bound to be red herrings , but combined with this Midas wrench , it 's looking like a bizarre and excitingly exotic update .
We 'll update this post when there 's more news - in the meantime , tell us your crackpot theories in the comments .
What do you think Valve are up to ?
We 've had a chance to play around with the Golden Wrench , turning bots to mostly - rigid and very expensive statues .
It is delightfully bourgeois .
Here are some shots :
About 10 minutes into the 21st century it became a cliche to complain that all those old Hollywood dreams of spending the year 2000 zipping about on jetpacks and playing moon golf with robots were wild works of fiction after all .
Now , 10 years on , the present is actually overtaking those movies .
And it need n't have bothered .
Everyone remembers how astounded they were by the Nintendo Wii , right ?
You wave a stick around your living room and pretend you 're playing tennis .
Well at last week 's E3 Expo in Los Angeles , Microsoft launched something called Kinect for the Xbox , which takes things one step further .
Suddenly there is no stick .
There 's just you .
You are the stick .
Except they prefer to say , " You are the controller , " because " stick " sounds a bit demeaning .
There 's no pesky handheld interface at all with Kinect .
You simply stand in front of your television sweeping your arms about like an unemployed conductor having a breakdown in front of daytime television , and the game reacts to your movements .
It actually manages to make Minority Report look dated .
Tom Cruise had to don special gloves to use his hand - waggling computer interface .
Loser .
What is this , 1976 ?
Kinect lets you ride bareback .
And it does n't just notice your hands , but your entire body .
The most promising application was Dance Central , a dancing game from the creators of Guitar Hero .
There have been dancing games before , of course , but they were rudimentary hopscotch affairs where you had to step on the right footpad at the right time .
Dance Central tracks what your shoulders are doing and encourages you to correct your hips – just like the morning exercise routine Winston Smith had to perform in front of his telescreen in 1984 , but with a Lady Gaga soundtrack and slightly less emphasis on dictatorial hectoring .
But wait : Kinect has ears as well as eyes .
So as well as jigging around to impress in - game characters who are n't really there , you can also converse with them , thus enabling you to enjoy all the fun of a full - blown psychotic hallucination without feeling compelled to go out and stab someone afterwards .
Unless that 's the purpose of the game , of course , which it probably is n't , given the bad press that 'd generate .
Instead it all looks rather twee : another centrepiece is Kinectimals , a virtual pet simulator which lets children play with cuddly imaginary tiger cubs and the like .
You can talk to the tiger cub , tickle it under the chin , dance for its amusement , or hide behind the sofa and watch it whimper morosely until you jump back into view .
You can do virtually anything with the cuddly not - there critter , apart from taking the only sane course of action : screaming " BEGONE , VILE WRAITH ! " while stamping on its head .
If you try that it'll just stare at you , blinking vacantly every 2.3 seconds as prescribed by its software , until you admit defeat and crumple weeping to the carpet – at which point it 'll detect your despair and do a funny little handstand to cheer you up , and you 'll catch sight of it and momentarily smile through your tears despite yourself and THUS KINECTIMAL IS THE VICTOR .
The technology behind Kinect should seem impossibly magical .
A computer you can talk to , a computer that responds to your facial expression and tone of voice ?
So you 're basically like Captain Wow issuing commands to his Plutobot 2000 ?
The teenage me would 've kicked himself in the balls with excitement .
But now I 'm so used to being dazzled by the white heat of technology , my eyes have grown accustomed to the glare .
No longer blinded by progress , I see only drawbacks .
As Charles Arthur remarked in this paper last week , much of this technology only comes about about because of the " Star Trek effect " that turns sci- fi movies into self - fulfilling prophesies .
A scientist sees a sliding door on the USS Enterprise , gets excited , tries to recreate one in reality , and before you know it you can't even enter your local Tesco without passing through at least two of the bastards .
This phenomenon also explains the invention of Laser Quest , the iPad and Soylent Green flavour Pringles .
But movies often do things that work better in movies than in real life .
Take talking to computers .
The Kinect demonstration showed a man saying " Xbox , play movie " in order to make his Xbox play an HD digital copy of Tim Burton 's Alice in Wonderland .
Then he said " Xbox , pause " , and the Xbox paused it .
Then he said " How cool is that ? " and the audience took a while to respond , because there 's no polite collective noise that means :
" We appreciate the ingenuity , but CHRIST you look like a dick . "
We 've got buttons now .
Buttons .
If you want to play a movie , there 's a button right there .
You do n't have to plead with it .
Just press it .
Shut up and press it .
Movies show people talking to machines for the same reason they 'll still show the whistleblower turning up on the hero 's doorstep to deliver urgent news in person , rather than sending a text : because it 's more dramatic .
It 's also more cumbersome .
Dancing software that rates your performance and turns exercise into a brightly coloured game : that 's a step forward .
Holding dorky conversations with your Xbox : that 's a leap backward .
Or to put it another way : no matter how far into the future we run , we 're always lagging slightly behind .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) 
The post office wants to increase the price of a stamp by 2 cents , to 46 cents , starting in January .
The agency has been battered by losses and declining mail volume .
Postal officials announced a series of proposed price increases Tuesday , averaging about 5 percent , and covering first class , advertising mail , periodicals , packages and other services .
The request now goes to the independent Postal Regulatory Commission , which has 90 days to respond .
If approved , the increase would take effect Jan. 2 .
“ The Postal Service faces a serious risk of financial insolvency , ” a postal vice president , Stephen M. Kearney , said .
Waterproof Mattress Protector
A waterproof mattress protector has many advantages .
The obvious advantage being it keeps liquids from getting to and ruining or staining your mattress .
A waterproof mattress protector is an essential item to enhance and prolong the life of your mattress and bedding .
Do n't worry about going to bed with a wet head any longer with our premium waterproof mattress protector .
Spills , sweat , drinks , body fluid and other liquids do n't stand a chance with a lifetime warrantied waterproof mattress protector .
See Bed Bug Mattress TESTING results from an Entomologist here .
Impenetrable reinforced seams only contribute to the quality and durability of our premium waterproof mattress protector .
The benefits of our waterproof mattress protector do n't stop at just keeping liquids away from your mattress .
With our waterproof mattress protector you also get the advantage of eliminating dust mites , allergens , fungus , mold , pet dander and skin flakes from your mattress as well .
Our premium waterproof mattress protector is eco-friendly and also friendly towards those with Eczema and Asthma .
Featuring SecureSleep technology along with patent pending micro-zipper technology we offer the best choice in waterproof mattress protectors .
We even offer you a complete bedding protection solution with our premium box spring and pillow protectors .
Make sure you take the proper measures to protect your mattress and bedding today and treat your bed to the best waterproof mattress protector available on the market .
SIZES : Crib ( BB_00006 ) - 28 ″ x 52 ″ x 6 ″ Deep - More Details Twin ( BB_00007 ) - 39 ″ x 75 ″ x 9 ″ Deep - More Details XL Twin ( BB_00008 ) - 39 ″ x 80 ″ x 9 ″ Deep - More Details Full ( BB_00009 ) - 54 ″ x 75 ″ x 16 ″ Deep - More Details Queen ( BB_00010 ) - 60 ″ x 80 ″ x 16 ″ Deep - More Details King ( BB_00011 ) - 78 ″ x 80 ″ x 16 ″ Deep - More Details California King ( BB_00012 ) - 72 ″ x 84 ″ x 16 ″ Deep - More Details
by ·
Homes that have wood flooring always seem to give off a warm and inviting atmosphere .
A common problem with having wood floors , is the battle to keep them clean .
Dust and dirt seem to always be visible .
With carpet , dirt gets ground into to the fibers , and for the most part , you do n’t see every day dust .
With wood floors , every spec of dirt shows .
Not to mention , without the right care , your wood can get dull , and scuffs and scratches can overtake the surface .
How to naturally clean wood floors is what we ’ll look into here .
Chemical floor cleaners can leave harsh smells that can cause irritation to your throat and nose .
There are ways to avoid the chemicals and keep your wood floor looking like new .
You ’ll first want to sweep out any dust and big chunks of dirt off of the wood .
You can wrap a clean thin towel to the end of any soft bristle broom and push the dirt and dust along the floor .
You can either push it into a dust pan , or push it to the front door and all the way outside .
By using a cloth on the end of the broom , this will ensure that the bristles of the broom do n’t scratch the wood .
For regular sweeping , use this cloth method once a day , if your home gets a lot of dust .
Once the surface dirt and dust are taken care of , you can begin to clean .
If you have a hardwood floor with a natural surface finish , a good way to clean the wood is just to use a mop that is slightly damp .
You can either use plain warm water , or use a homemade wood floor cleaner ( mix 1/2 cup white vinegar to 1 gallon of warm water ) .
Wash the floor with your preferred solution two times .
This will ensure that any ground in dirt is cleaned off .
Then dry the floor the same way that you swept it .
Attach a clean dry towel to the end of a broom and dry the wood .
This drying method is also a good way to buff the floor .
If you notice any pet accidents or other stains , wet a cloth towel with warm water and add to it a little baking soda .
Rub the towel over the stain thoroughly and then buff the wood dry again .
If you have an older floor that has a wax finish , cleaning the wood might be a bit more difficult .
Wood floors that have a wax finish ca n’t tolerate water .
You ’ll also want to clean up any spills immediately if you have wax finished wood floor .
To clean a wood floor that has a wax finish , you can use a natural citrus solvent .
You can make your own , but you need to do it way in advance .
Fill up a large jar with the peels of oranges , lemons , grapefruits , or limes .
Pour in some white vinegar and let it sit for about one month .
During that time , give the jar a shake or two now and then just to get it mixed up .
Once the month is up , strain the liquid into a bottle or a jar to get ride of the peels .
Use this solution to clean your wood floor and then buff it dry with a clean , dry towel or cloth .
If you get a lot of dust in your home you might want to sweep your wood floor every day .
If your home does n’t get a lot of dust , every other week is sufficient .
The actuall cleaning process can be done twice a month .
And remember , if you have an older floor with a wax finish , take care of any spills as soon as they happen .
Now that you know how to naturally clean wood floors , your home will always have that warm and inviting feel to it .
Comments
New York Times
My expert report to the court — which was written entirely by me , includes a list of scholarly sources and is available for anyone to read — includes no mention of Mr. Rekers .
And for good reason : I have never met Mr. Rekers or read any of his writings .
I recently learned that a separate , lawyer - generated document submitted to the court apparently does list an article by Mr. Rekers in connection with my testimony , but that document , on this point , is in error .
Facebook Twitter LinkedIn
When I read liberal pundits , I often get the impression that they have no idea how much the neoliberal revolution has affected their worldview .
As you know , Krugman often argues that it was a sort of right - wing plot adopted by a racist Republican Party .
Many younger and fairly rational progressives have the view that “ of course sensible liberals have always favored a market economy , we just do n’t support laissez - faire capitalism . ”
In fact , in the 1970s sensible liberals did not support a market economy , nor did sensible conservatives , nor did right - wing conservatives .
Here is John Gray on the 1979 Thatcher election manifesto :
Thatcher did not begin with the full - blown neoliberal policy agenda with which she was later identified .
There was no mention of privatisation in the 1979 election manifesto , which focused on reining in inflation and limiting the power of trade unions .
In 1979 the British government owned many of the large manufacturing firms in industries like autos and steel .
Even a candidate as conservative as Thatcher dared not suggest that perhaps the government had better things to be doing than manufacturing cars .
( BTW , in Britain the election manifestos are taken much more seriously than in America . )
In the 1950s , Eisenhower presided over 90 % income tax rates .
Until the late 1970s the US government set prices in many industries .
So it is not true that liberals have always believed communism is a bad idea , if by communism you mean an economic system where the government owns the major industries , sets prices , and has confiscatory tax rates on wealth .
Of course they never bought into the ( totalitarian ) communist political system , but they most certainly did buy into its economic system .
Samuelson ’s textbook once predicted the Soviet living standards would surpass the US by 1990 .
If true , should n’t we adopt a democratic form of socialism in America ?
We ’ve come a long way .
Right - wingers should not get too discouraged about the regulatory “ reforms ” being considered .
Of course the crackdown on derivatives will probably do more harm than good , but the key point is that the harm it does will be trivial compared to the harm done by policies in the 1970s that even conservatives bought into .
The reason everything changed after the mid-1970s is that most economies hit a brick wall around 1974 .
And it was n’t just the oil shock ; most economies downshifted permanently into a much lower real GDP growth rate .
Italy went from around 7 - 8 % growth to around 2 - 3 % growth .
The more statist economies were often the ones that suffered the most .
This is important keep in mind , as those who are n’t old enough to remember this period might draw misleading conclusions from time series data .
For instance , here ’s something I found in Tyler Cowen ’s blog :
Stan Tsirulnikov forwards to me this very interesting paper ( JSTOR , gated for many of you ) .
Here is an excerpt from the summary : “ For twenty years up to 1974 , Greece enjoyed rapid growth , high investment and low inflation ; during the next twenty years , growth and investment collapsed and inflation became high and persistent . ”
After 1974 , debt and deficits rose sharply as well , and later EU transfers helped postpone the necessary fiscal adjustments .
At this same time Greece was becoming more democratic , in part because the previous autocratic arrangements were collapsing .
The figure on p.150 , representing the difference between the two periods , is a knockout .
And after 1974 , the average rate of gdp growth goes from 7.1 percent to 2.1 percent .
In other words , the Greek economy slowed after 1974 pretty much as lots of other middle - income , statist , corrupt economies slowed after 1974 .
Democracy may have played a role , but how would we know that ?
After all , countries as diverse as Italy , Brazil and Japan also slowed sharply after 1974 , and without any change in political system .
And note that Italy and Greece are both relatively statist and corrupt economies in southern Europe .
Of course there are a few economies that did not slow sharply , such as Chile , Britain , and America .
Those few countries bucked the tide of history , and kept growing just about as fast .
And how do progressives interpret that fact ?
Well obviously the neoliberal policies of Pinochet , Thatcher , and Reagan ( and yes Carter and Clinton ) were a complete failure , after all , growth did not speed up .
A few countries even grew faster after 1974 .
I hope I do n’t need to explain what happened in China .
Counteractuals are tricky .
Without a plausible alternative timeline , a before and after comparison is nearly meaningless .
Growth in the Soviet Union slowed sharply after the 1960s , and then again after the 1970s and 1980s .
By 1992 , when free market economic reforms first began , Russia was already in a deep depression .
What caused the depression ?
Obviously economic reforms !
It does n’t matter that the more aggressive Soviet bloc reformers did better than Russia .
It does n’t matter that those slowest to reform ( the Ukraine ) did even worse .
Or that those communist countries than never reformed ( North Korea ) did even worse than that .
It must have been the reforms .
The 1970s were the turning point in modern history .
Statism was exposed as a flawed economic system .
The more idealistic countries like Denmark and New Zealand reformed most rapidly when new information showed that markets worked better than government .
You ’ve heard me talk ad nauseum about Denmark , which is number one in all sorts of rankings , from free markets to happiness to equality to civic virtue .
But I actually looked at all 32 economies with per capita income above $ 20,000 / year ( i.e. as rich as Portugal . )
Interestingly , just as Denmark was number one in both markets and civic virtue , the same country placed dead last in both the free markets and civic virtue rankings .
And what is the country with both the lowest level of civic virtue and the least reformed statist economic system among 32 developed countries on four different continents ?
You ’ve probably guessed it by now . . . Greece .
PS .
I recently visited Greece , and love the country .
PPS .
I used to hate older guys that told me I just did n’t understand how things were in the old days .
Now I ’ve turned into that jerk .
Update 5/3/10 : I see that a Tyler Cowen link is bringing more people over .
This post on Denmark explains the methods I used in constructing free market and civic virtue indices .
In the post I call civic virtue “ liberalism ” , but I thought that my be too confusing here and did n’t want to spend a long time explaining why .
Facebook Twitter LinkedIn
Tags :
This entry was posted on May 02nd , 2010 and is filed under Misc. , Neoliberalism .
You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed .
You can leave a response or Trackback from your own site .
When everyone else in the U.S. was out grilling and popping off illegal fireworks , Liz Phair was doing something totally unexpected over the holiday weekend :
Offering up a new album on her website .
A batshit weird new album .
Funstyle , the first new Liz Phair album since 2005 's massively unloved Somebody 's Miracle , was offered up to the world with absolutely no warning , and she 's selling the digital download for $ 5.99 .
The cover art , above , reveals that Phair apparently has some sort of barnyard - animal desktop wallpaper .
Below , you can see the tracklist and hear the song " Bollywood " , on which Phair basically raps ?
As far as I can tell , the song also includes the following things : banjos , tablas , a cartoonish record - label - dude voice , and a sample of Phair 's own theme song from the canceled period - piece TV show " Swingtown " .
The whole thing concerns Phair 's struggles to stay paid in a dying music business .
It 's no " Divorce Song " , but it 's , uh , something .
Funstyle :
01 U Hate It
02 Smoke
03 Bollywood
04 You Should Know Me
05 Miss September
06 My My
07 Oh , Bangladesh
08 Bang !
Bang !
09 Beat Is Up
10 And He Slayed Her
11 Satisfied
Wired ’s Threat Level blog blows open the door on the Wikileaks / Collateral Murder mystery by naming a suspect : SPC Bradley Manning , 22 , of Potomac , Md. , who apparently had top - secret access and was arrested two weeks ago :
Manning was turned in late last month by a former computer hacker with whom he spoke online .
In the course of their chats , Manning took credit for leaking a headline - making video of a helicopter attack that Wikileaks posted online in April .
The video showed a deadly 2007 U.S. helicopter air strike in Baghdad that claimed the lives of several innocent civilians .
He said he also leaked three other items to Wikileaks : a separate video showing the notorious 2009 Garani air strike in Afghanistan that Wikileaks has previously acknowledged is in its possession ; a classified Army document evaluating Wikileaks as a security threat , which the site posted in March ; and a previously unreported breach consisting of 260,000 classified U.S. diplomatic cables that Manning described as exposing “ almost criminal political back dealings . ”
Wired.com could not confirm whether Wikileaks received the supposed 260,000 classified embassy dispatches .
OK , if the charges are true , then this is the most alarming part of the story .
Someone , who at the time of the alleged crime was barely old enough to legally drink , was able to copy volumes of top secret files because the military has an IT policy weaker than your Starbucks ’ does .
The famed air - gap – having servers completely disconnected from the Internet – was overcome by a kid who copied files onto a CD labeled “ something like ‘ Lady Gaga ’ ” :
Manning had access to two classified networks from two separate secured laptops : SIPRNET , the Secret - level network used by the Department of Defense and the State Department , and the Joint Worldwide Intelligence Communications System which serves both agencies at the Top Secret / SCI level .
The networks , he said , were both “ air gapped ” from unclassified networks , but the environment at the base made it easy to smuggle data out .
“ I would come in with music on a CD - RW labeled with something like ‘ Lady Gaga ’ , erase the music then write a compressed split file , ” he wrote .
“ No one suspected a thing and , odds are , they never will . ” “ [ I ] listened and lip - synced to Lady Gaga ’s ‘ Telephone ’ while exfiltrating possibly the largest data spillage in American history , ” he added later .
” Weak servers , weak logging , weak physical security , weak counter - intelligence , inattentive signal analysis… a perfect storm . ”
Even worse , he did this undetected until he was foolish enough , reportedly , to talk to an FBI informant , ex-hacker Adrian Lamo ( who Wired profiled last month ) .
And hey , what about that time when WikiLeaks released footage of U.S. gunships gunning down civilians and the military said they could n’t confirm it as totally real because they had lost their own copy ?
According to Wired ’s account , Manning tells Lamo specifically where he got the video … why do n’t we see if it ’s still there ?
“ At first glance it was just a bunch of guys getting shot up by a helicopter , ” Manning wrote of the video .
“ No big deal … about two dozen more where that came from , right ?
But something struck me as odd with the van thing , and also the fact it was being stored in a JAG officer ’s directory .
So I looked into it . ” Read More http://www.wired.com/threatlevel/2010/06/leak/#ixzz0qB1oYOCN
One last point .
The Wired article is pretty amazing in its detail ; it ’s pretty obvious that Lamo divulged the case to Wired in such a way that they felt comfortable working on it for a couple weeks before breaking the story .
But , as @ Wikileaks insinuates , how come no mention in the article of the relationship between the Wired author , ex- black - hat Kevin Lee Poulsen and Lamo … if any ?
Is this photo of Poulson and Lamo just a random - pose - with - a - celeb - hacker - on - the - street ?
More from the NYT Lede .
The continuing oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico could end up adding a bit of growth to the U.S. economy as the huge cleanup efforts in some ways outweigh negative factors , analysts at J.P. Morgan Chase said .
Underlining that gross domestic product measures are often not a good guide to an economy ’s well being , the bank said in a research note its best guess is that the impact on the U.S. economy of BP ‘s Gulf Coast spill would be minimal .
“ The spill clearly implies a lot of economic hardship in some locations , but given what we know today , the magnitude of these setbacks looks dwarfed by the scale of the US macroeconomy , ” said chief U.S. economist Michael Feroli .
If anything , he added , U.S. GDP could gain slightly from it .
The six - month moratorium on deep - water drilling may cut U.S. oil production by around 3 % in 2011 and cost more than 3,000 jobs , according to J.P. Morgan ’s energy analysts .
Commercial fishing in the Gulf is also likely to suffer , but that ’s only about 0.005 % of U.S. GDP .
The impact on tourism is the hardest to measure , although it ’s fair to expect that many hotel workers who lose their jobs will find it hard to get new ones .
Still , cleaning up the spill will likely be enough to slightly offset the negative impact of all this on GDP , J.P. Morgan said .
The bank cites estimates of 4,000 unemployed people hired for the cleanup efforts , which some reports have said could be worth between $ 3 and $ 6 billion .
“ If realized , this would likely mean a near - to medium - term boost to activity that might offset the drags , ” Feroli said .
U.S. Democrats Monday asked BP to set aside $ 20 billion in a special account to be used to pay for economic damages and cleanup costs .
President Barack Obama said on Monday that his administration has begun “ preliminary conversations ” with BP about setting up such a fund .
US Secret Service James J. Rowley Training Center
Skid tracks , a fake town , driving courses , caves / bunkers , helo pad with helicopter , obstacle course , 12 miles of roads , simulated airport apron , instinctive firing range , a protective driver training course , K - 9 training area , and outdoor training and tactical response areas .
I wonder what the large low building in the lower left corner of the site is ?
" James J. Rowley Training Center [ provides ] an academic environment that promotes critical thinking
and innovation in the areas of physical , site and event security , threat
assessments , antiterrorist intelligence techniques , emergency preparedness ,
criminal investigations , protection of critical financial infrastructure , and
management development . "
This is one of the two places the President goes when he wants to go for a bike ride .
The center has six miles of paved roadways and training ranges - including one where the Secret Service Mountain Bike Patrol drills .
Le gendarme de la Bourse a besoin d'argent !
L'Autorité des marchés financiers ( AMF ) , dont les fonctions de surveillance sont appelées à s'étoffer , réclame " un peu plus de 20 millions d'euros " , a indiqué Jean - Pierre Jouyet , président de l'AMF , lors de la présentation du rapport annuel de l'autorité lundi 21 juin .
" Il y a un hiatus important entre la sophistication croissante des marchés financiers , les exigences de renforcement de la régulation émanant du G20 , de l'Europe , du pays , et la stagnation des ressources dont dispose le régulateur " , s'est plaint M. Jouyet .
En 2009 , le gendarme des marchés a été , pour la troisième année consécutive , en déficit à hauteur de 17 millions d'euros pour un budget global de 78,4 millions d'euros .
Et en 2010 , ses pertes pourraient atteindre 24 millions d'euros .
En temps de rigueur budgétaire , le message envoyé par le président de l'AMF sera - t - il entendu ?
M. Jouyet , qui s'était dit prêt à réduire sa rémunération " de 20 % à 30 % " ( Le Monde du 14 juin ) pour contribuer à l'effort collectif , estime l'enjeu assez crucial :
" Il faut tout faire pour restaurer la confiance dont notre économie a tant besoin " , a - t - il expliqué .
" BRIDER LES MOTEURS "
Après la crise et le scandale de l'affaire Madoff , le projet de loi de régulation bancaire et financière , déjà adopté à l'Assemblée nationale et qui doit être discuté en septembre au Sénat , devrait doter l'AMF de pouvoirs renforcés .
Le régulateur pourrait notamment surveiller et sanctionner les agences de notation , interdire les ventes à découvert en cas de situations exceptionnelles , et appréhender les éventuels abus de marchés sur le marché des produits dérivés .
Cela s'ajoutera à la charge de travail actuelle qui s'est traduite en 2009 par 33 enquêtes menées à bien , 45 sanctions prononcées dont 38 pécuniaires pour un montant de 6,3 millions d'euros contre 24,7 millions un an plus tôt .
Dans un contexte où les ordres de Bourse sont opérés de plus en plus fréquemment par ordinateurs en l'espace de quelques microsecondes , l'AMF estime que pour remplir correctement sa tâche , ses équipes doivent se doter de nouvelles qualifications .
L'autorité pourrait alors réfléchir à une technique qui lui permettrait de " brider les moteurs " de ces " robots " de la Bourse .
L'ancien secrétaire d'Etat aux affaires européennes veut aussi que la France soit en pointe dans le domaine de la régulation .
M. Jouyet défend fermement la création d'une agence européenne de régulation dotée de réels pouvoirs .
Face aux hésitations de certains Etats de l'Union européenne , inquiets de perdre une part de leur souveraineté , M. Jouyet alerte :
" Il ne serait pas compréhensible que cette agence ne dispose pas de vrais pouvoirs .
Nous aurions alors perdu la bataille de la régulation des marchés européens . "
Et d'appeler d'ores et déjà à " un accord franco - allemand à ce sujet " .
A quelques jours du G20 de Toronto ( Canada ) , le message est clair : l'Europe ne peut arriver en position de faiblesse face aux Etats - Unis considérés comme plus avancés dans la réforme du système financier post -crise .
Claire Gatinois
The July / August 2020 issue of acmqueue is out now
Subscribers and ACM Professional members login here
PDF
February 23 , 2006
Volume 4 , issue 1
Hidden in Plain Sight
Improvements in the observability of software can help you diagnose your most crippling performance problems .
BRYAN CANTRILL , SUN MICROSYSTEMS
In December 1997 , Sun Microsystems had just announced its new flagship machine : a 64 - processor symmetric multiprocessor supporting up to 64 gigabytes of memory and thousands of I /O devices .
As with any new machine launch , Sun was working feverishly on benchmarks to prove the machine ’s performance .
While the benchmarks were generally impressive , there was one in particular — an especially complicated benchmark involving several machines — that was exhibiting unexpectedly low performance .
The benchmark machine — a fully racked - out behemoth with the maximum configuration of 64 processors — would occasionally become mysteriously distracted : Benchmark activity would practically cease , but the operating system kernel remained furiously busy .
After some number of minutes spent on unknown work , the operating system would suddenly right itself : Benchmark activity would resume at full throttle and run to completion .
Those running the benchmark could see that the machine was on course to break the world record , but these minutes - long periods of unknown kernel activity were enough to be the difference between first and worst .
Given the importance of both the benchmark and the machine , Sun ’s top development and support engineers were called in , and work proceeded on the problem around the clock and around the globe .
Beginning with the initial symptom of the problem — high lock contention in the networking stack — progress on the problem was very slow and painful .
Based on available data , a hypothesis would be formed , but because there was no way to explore the hypothesis without gathering additional data , custom data - gathering kernel modules had to be created and loaded .
Creating these modules was a delicate undertaking .
The entire cycle of hypothesis creation through instrumentation and analysis was taking hours — and that was assuming that no mistakes were made .
Mistakes were painful , as any error in creating the custom module would result in a reboot — and reboots of this particular machine and configuration took on the order of 90 minutes .
While iterations on the problem revealed several ways in which the networking stack could be improved to relieve the observed symptoms , it took nearly a week to determine the true underlying root cause :
The benchmark machine had been misconfigured to act as a router .
Normally , this would n’t be a problem , but because of intermittent router failure elsewhere in the lab , the benchmark machine would occasionally begin to route packets furiously between two other machines associated with the benchmark .
This routing activity would induce enough contention in the networking stack to force the system into a heretofore unseen failure mode — one that induced yet more contention .
Was this an obvious problem ?
Absolutely , in retrospect .
But the cascading symptoms of the problem were so far removed from the root cause that it was impossible to see the larger problem without modifying the system itself .
Perhaps most disconcertingly , this problem was a relatively simple one , involving relatively few layers of software .
Had more components of the software stack been involved — had the system had to be modified at multiple layers just to observe it — it would have been exponentially more difficult to diagnose .
The larger problem here is software observability , or more accurately , the pronounced lack of it .
We have built mind - bogglingly complicated systems that we cannot see , allowing glaring performance problems to hide in broad daylight in our systems .
How did we get here ?
And what can be done about it ?
Roots of the Problem
The origins of the software observability problem , as with so many other software problems , can be found in software ’s strange duality as both information and machine : Software has only physical representation , not physical manifestation .
That is , running software does n’t reflect light or emit heat or attract mass or have any other physical property that we might use to see it .
In antiquity , computers addressed this by having explicit modes in which every instruction was indicated as it was executed .
In the age of the microprocessor — and with the ability to execute billions of instructions per second — such facilities have long since become impractical , if not impossible .
There is , therefore , no physical way to determine which instructions are being executed ; the only way to see the software being executed is to modify the software itself .
Software engineers have long done exactly that , adding constructs that allow their software to be optionally seen .
While the exact manifestations vary , these constructs typically look something like this :
if ( tracing_enabled )
printf ( “ we got here !
” ) ;
There are many variants of this concept — for example , a piece of data may be logged to a ring buffer instead of being explicitly printed , or the conditional may be derived from an environment variable instead of a static variable — but the common idea is conditional execution based upon the value of the data .
Constructs of this nature share an unfortunate property :
They make the system slower even when they are not in use .
That is , the mere presence of the conditional execution induces a load , a compare , and a branch .
While clearly not problematic to execute every once in a while , the cost of these instructions becomes debilitating if they are used extensively :
If one were to litter every function or every basic block with this kind of construct , the system would be too slow to ship .
It has therefore become a common software engineering practice to retain such constructs , but to automatically strip them out of production code using techniques such as conditional compilation .
While this allows the infrastructure to remain , it unfortunately bifurcates software into two versions : one that can be seen that is used in development and test , and one that ca n’t be seen that is shipped or deployed into production .
This gives rise to a paradox : Performance problems are increasingly likely to be seen in production , but they can be understood only in development .
To address a performance problem seen in production , the problem must therefore be reproduced in either a development or test environment .
In a software system , as in any sufficiently complicated system , disjointed pathologies can manifest the same symptoms : Reproducing symptoms ( e.g. , high CPU load , heavy I / O traffic , long latency transactions , etc. ) does not guarantee reproducing the same underlying problem .
To phrase this phenomenon in the vernacular of IT , you might have heard or said something like this :
“ Good news :
We were able to reproduce it in dev , and we think that we found the problem .
Dev has a fix , and we ’re scheduling downtime for tonight to put it into prod .
Let ’s keep our fingers crossed ... ”
Only to have it followed the next day by something like this :
“ Hey , yeah , about that fix ... well , the good news is that we are faster this morning ; the bad news is that we ’re only about 3 percent faster .
So it ’s back to the war room ... ”
If this sounds eerily familiar , it ’s because you have fallen into the trap endemic to trying to understand production problems by reproducing their symptoms elsewhere :
You found a problem that was not the problem .
But Wait , It Gets Worse
The lack of observability endemic to production software is bad enough , but the layering of software abstraction makes the performance problem much more acute .
Normally , software abstraction is good news , for it is abstraction that empowers one to develop an application without having to develop the Web server , application server , database server , and operating system that the application rests upon .
This power has a darker side , however :
When developing at higher layers of abstraction , it is easier to accidentally induce unintended or unnecessary work in the system .
This is tautologically true :
To be at a higher layer of abstraction , less code must induce more work , meaning it takes less of a misstep to induce more unintended consequences .
Unfortunately , this unnecessary or unintended work tends to multiply as it cascades down the stack of abstraction , so much so that performance problems are typically first understood or characterized at the very lowest layer of the stack in terms of high CPU utilization , acute memory pressure , abnormal I/ O activity , excessive network traffic , etc .
Despite being a consequence of higher - level software , symptoms at the lowest layer of the stack are likely to be most immediately attributable to activity in the next lowest layer — for example , the operating system or the database .
This presents another paradox : System performance problems are typically introduced at the highest layers of abstraction , but they are often first encountered and attributed at the lowest layers of abstraction .
It is because of this paradox that we have adopted the myth that the path to performance lies nearly exclusively with faster hardware : faster CPUs , more networking bandwidth , etc .
When this fails , we have taught ourselves to move to the next layer of the stack : to demand faster operating systems , faster databases , and better compilers .
Improving these components undoubtedly improves performance , but ( to use a perhaps insensitive metaphor ) it amounts to hunting vermin : Depending on the relatively small iterative improvements at the lowest layers of the stack amounts to trying to feed a family on the likes of squirrel and skunk .
If we can move up the stack — if we can find the underlying performance problems instead of merely addressing their symptoms — we can unlock much more substantial performance gains .
This is bigger game to be sure ; by focusing on performance problems higher in the stack , we can transition from hunting vermin to hunting cow — big , slow , stupid , tasty cow .
Constraints on a Solution
To hunt cow in its native habitat , the focus of observability infrastructure must make two profound shifts : from development to production , and from programs to systems .
These shifts have several important implications .
First , the shift from development to production implies that observability infrastructure must have zero disabled probe effect :
The mere ability to observe the system must not make the delivered system any slower .
This constraint allows only one real solution : Software must be optimized when it ships , and — when one wishes to observe it — the software must be dynamically modified .
Further , the shift from programs to systems demands that the entire stack must be able to be dynamically instrumented in this way , from the depths of the operating system , through the system libraries , and into the vaulted heights of higher - level languages and environments .
There must be no dependency on compile - time options , having source code , restarting components , etc. ; it must be assumed that the first time a body of software is to be observed , that software is already running in production .
Dynamically instrumenting production systems in this way is a scary proposition , especially when the operating system kernel is brought into the mix .
This leads us to the most important implication of the shift in focus from development to production : Observability infrastructure must be absolutely safe .
This safety constraint cannot be overemphasized :
In production systems , outage is always unacceptable , and even an outage resulting from operator error is likely to be blamed as much on the system as on the operator .
If the use of a tool is in any way involved with a production outage , it is likely that the tool will be banished forever from the production environment .
Safety in observability infrastructure , like security in an operating system , cannot be an afterthought :
It must be considered an absolute , non-negotiable constraint on the architecture .
One Solution : DTrace
At Sun we have developed DTrace , a facility for dynamic instrumentation of production systems .
DTrace is most clearly differentiated from prior work by its focus on production systems and especially by its strict adherence to the safety constraint .
While it is a component of the operating system ( it was originally developed for Solaris 10 ) , DTrace itself is open source and as such can be ported to other systems ( in particular , a port of DTrace to FreeBSD has been initiated1 ) .
DTrace is a sophisticated system ( see Cantrill , Shapiro , and Leventhal from the 2004 Usenix conference2 and the Solaris Dynamic Tracing Guide3 for more information ) , but it ’s worth elucidating its higher - level principles and how these principles guided the evolution of its architecture .
To assure zero disabled probe effect , DTrace was designed around the idea of dynamic instrumentation .
While the specific techniques for dynamic instrumentation are often instruction - set - specific and arcane in nature , they share a general principle :
They modify running code to revector control flow to a body of interposition code that collects some information , and then returns control flow to just beyond the point of instrumentation .
The mechanism for revectoring control varies , but it is most often an instruction either to issue a software trap or to unconditionally branch to interpositioned code .
In sharing this general principle , dynamic instrumentation techniques also share a common failing :
No technique can work in all contexts in the system .
That is , in any system there are some contexts that are simply too delicate to be dynamically instrumented .
( Such contexts often include low - level code for interrupt handling , context switching , or synchronization . )
Abiding by the safety constraint while still allowing dynamic instrumentation thus poses something of a challenge :
How does one give the flexibility of dynamic instrumentation without compromising the safety required in a production system ?
In DTrace , we achieved this by separating the way the system is instrumented from the framework that consumes that data .
The methodology for instrumenting the system lies in providers ; these providers make available probes via the DTrace framework .
Safety of instrumentation thus becomes the responsibility of the providers , which publish only those probes that can be safely enabled .
By constraining DTrace consumers to enabling only published probes , the system — not the user — becomes responsible for determining what can be safely instrumented .
This is a compromise of sorts in that it comes at some loss of flexibility :
For example , a provider may be found to be unnecessarily conservative when deciding that a particular body of code ca n’t be instrumented .
This minor loss of flexibility is required to assure that the user cannot accidentally or willfully sacrifice system integrity .
This is an assurance that any tool must be able to make before it can be used on production systems .
The providers implement the mechanism for instrumenting different parts of the system , but how to act on that instrumentation ?
That is , what action does one wish to take when instrumenting a component of the system ?
Our experiences with some of the more primitive tracing facilities that predated DTrace often left us frustrated :
It always seemed as if the data that we wanted at a given point was just beyond the data provided .
In designing DTrace , we wanted to obviate these frustrations by making actions entirely programmable .
This immediately implied two classes of architectural decisions : First , in what language should actions be specified ?
Second , how can the system be designed to assure that those programmable actions are executed in a safe manner ?
Given that safety was our constraint , we addressed the latter of these first : to allow programmable actions to be executed safely in arbitrary contexts , it was clear that we needed to develop a virtual machine that could act as a target instruction set for a custom compiler .
This was clear because the alternative — executing user - specified code natively in the kernel — is untenable from a safety perspective :
Even if you could implement the substantial amount of static analysis necessary to assure that native code does not perform an illegal operation , you are still left with the intractability of the Halting Problem .
We therefore developed a simple , purpose - built virtual machine designed to execute user - specified code in the operating system kernel without side effect .
Safety is assured by carefully limiting the instruction set architecture :
Our virtual instruction set has no backwards branches , supports calls only to defined subroutines in the runtime , does n’t allow arbitrary stores , etc .
( Note that we obviously did n’t solve the Halting Problem ; we merely avoided it by designing a virtual machine that does not allow Turing - complete languages . )
Importantly , the virtual machine does allow arbitrary loads ; loads to unmapped memory ( or worse , memory - mapped devices for which even loads may have side effects ) are caught , flagged , and handled gracefully .
With the ability to execute arbitrary actions safely , we could focus on designing the language in which those actions should be expressed .
For this purpose , we developed D , a C - like language with DTrace - specific extensions such as associative arrays , thread - local variables , and so on .
The design of D reflects the safety constraint :
It explicitly lacks loop constructs , user - defined functions , stores to arbitrary addresses , and other features that could compromise safety .
Because our virtual machine has a mechanism for safe loads , D can ( and does ) allow for C - like pointer chasing .
Given a safe foundation for dynamic instrumentation and arbitrary actions , the next series of problems focused on data management .
Most obviously , we needed a mechanism for filtering out unwanted data at the source .
For this , we added the notion of a predicate : a conditional D expression attached to an action such that the action will be taken only if the expression evaluates to true .
Predicates , combined with the power of D and the heterogeneous instrumentation of DTrace , allow for sophisticated filtering .
For example , figure 1 shows a script that uses predicates , a thread - local variable , and providers for both user - and kernel - level code to follow flow control through an application and into the operating system kernel ; figure 2 shows the output from running this script .
As figure 2 shows , DTrace allows the ability to cut through different components in the stack of abstraction , even across protection boundaries .
Any framework for observability must not only be able to cut through layers of components , but also allow for patterns to be seen in the interactions .
To effect this in DTrace , we elevated the aggregation of data to a first - class notion : Instead of having to clog the system with data to be post - processed , DTrace allows data to be keyed on an arbitrary n-tuple and aggregated at the source .
This reduces the data flow potentially by a factor of the number of data points — without introducing any of the statistical inaccuracy endemic in sampling methodologies .
Importantly , the DTrace aggregation mechanism scales linearly : Information is kept on a per-CPU basis and then aggregated across CPUs periodically at the user level .
This is no mere implementation detail ; tools for observing parallel systems must always scale better than the software they are trying to observe , lest their own bottlenecks obscure the scalability of the underlying system .
The DTrace aggregation mechanism , as demonstrated in figure 3 , allows questions about the system to be answered concisely .
The architectural elements of DTrace — safe and heterogeneous dynamic instrumentation , arbitrary actions and predicates , and scalable , in situ data aggregation — allow for unprecedented observability of production systems .
In using DTrace , however , we quickly encountered a thorny problem : Instrumenting the system effectively required knowledge of the implementation .
To rectify this shortcoming , we introduced mechanisms for providers both to define the interface stability of their probes and to declare translators that can translate from implementation - specific data structures into more abstract , implementation - neutral ones .
Together , these mechanisms allow for providers to abstract away from their implementation by providing probes and arguments that represent subsystem semantics .
For example , instead of requiring users to know the functions that perform I/O in the operating system , we introduced an io provider with probes with names such as start and done and with implementation - neutral arguments relevant to an I/ O operation such as information about the buffer , the device , the file , and so on .
An example , including sample output , of using the I/O provider is shown in figure 4 .
With the ability to instrument the system in terms of its semantics , a much larger problem came into focus :
While we could instrument applications written in natively compiled languages such as C , C++ , Fortran , Objective C , etc. , we had no insight into applications written in interpreted languages or languages targeted at a virtual machine environment .
This was a critical problem , because the stack of abstraction towers is much higher than the natively compiled languages :
Any observability framework that claims systemic observability must be able to reach into the more abstract ilk of Java , Python , Perl , PHP , and Ruby .
Instrumenting these environments is difficult :
Whether interpreted or compiled to bytecode , the system has very little visibility into such an environment ’s notion of program text — let alone how to instrument it .
To allow for instrumentation of these environments , we developed a mechanism for user - level providers , allowing probes to be exported that correspond to semantically significant events in their environment .
These events vary , but they typically include calling a function or method , creating an object , performing garbage collection , etc .
As of this writing , providers have been implemented for Java , Perl , PHP , Python , Ruby , Tcl , and ( we ’re not making this up ) APL .
Example output of extending the script in figure 1 to PHP is displayed in figure 5 .
These providers are largely still prototypes , but they are remarkable for the degree to which they have improved the debuggability of their respective environments .
Experience
In the more than two years that DTrace has been publicly available , it has been used successfully on many interesting “ cow hunts , ” both inside and outside of Sun .
One particularly fruitful hunting ground was a production SunRay server inside of Sun .
This was a 10 - CPU machine with 32 gigabytes of memory and approximately 170 users on which DTrace was used to find many problems ( the most infamous of which is discussed extensively in the aforementioned reference 2 ) .
One common complaint about this system was its high level of CPU utilization , which led to a natural question :
Which applications were consuming CPU cycles ?
There are several ways to answer this with DTrace ; the simplest is to use the DTrace profile provider , whose probes fire at a uniform ( and entirely programmable ) interval .
This allows for a sampling methodology , and it allows one to , for example , sample the currently running application 1,234 times per second on each CPU :
profile - 1234hz
{
@ [ execname ] = count ( ) ;
}
Running such a script on the server for 30 seconds or so yielded the following output ( the left column is the application name and the right column is the number of samples ) :
mozilla - bin 662 xprop 719 dtmail 886 netscape - bin 1412 nautilus 1438 ps 2523 java 3451 Xsun 6197 netscape 6600
Much of this output was n’t too surprising : Given that this machine was serving up desktops to 170 users , one would expect to see X servers ( Xsun ) and Web browsers ( netscape ) and mail readers ( dtmail ) as the top CPU consumers .
There was one very surprising data point , however :
The fourth biggest CPU consumer was ps , the Unix command to list the processes in the system .
This is an administrative command that is normally executed interactively .
Were a ton of people running ps for some reason ?
The D script in figure 6 explores this question , with the output shown in figure 7 .
This revealed that the ps command was being run with disturbing regularity .
( That each invocation was taking nearly a second and a half to run was not terribly surprising ; with more than 3,000 processes , one would expect a complete process listing to be reasonably time consuming . )
One would not expect the ps command to be run every ~ 10 seconds on a normal machine .
Who was running this ?
And why ?
Answering this kind of question is a snap with DTrace :
proc:::exec / args [ 0 ] == “ /usr/bin/ps ” / { @[ execname , ustack ( ) ] = count ( ) ; }
This enabling aggregates on both the application name and a user stack backtrace .
Running the above revealed that all invocations of ps were ultimately coming from an application named cam , and they were all coming from a function named SendUsageRec .
This was immediately suspicious : Cam is a wrapper program written by Sun ’s IT department that is designed to track usage of an underlying application ; one would not expect cam to be doing much work at all , let alone launching a ps command .
Looking at the source to SendUsageRec shown in figure 8 revealed at least part of the problem .
If you ’ve done much Unix systems programming , looking at this code might provoke a verbal exclamation — like having your toes stepped on or being pricked with a pin .
What is this code doing ?
The answer requires some explanation of the cam wrapper .
To track usage , cam obtains a timestamp and launches the underlying application ; later , when the underlying program exits , cam again obtains a timestamp , takes the difference , and sends the total usage time to a daemon .
To deal with the case of an underlying application that does n’t exit before the machine is rebooted , cam also wakes up every 30 minutes and executes the ( horribly inefficient ) code in figure 8 to determine how much time the underlying application has been running , sending the usage time to the daemon .
( Not only is this code horribly inefficient , it is also terribly broken : Cutting from column 13 includes not only the desired TIME field , but also the final two characters from the TTY field . )
On a desktop , which might be running two or three cam - wrapped applications , this is n’t a problem .
On this server , however , with its 170 users , someone ’s 30 minutes were up every ten seconds .
Some back - of - the - envelope math revealed that at some point — probably around 400 users or so — the server would have ( on average ) one ps running all the time .
Needless to say , neither ps nor its underpinnings in the / proc file system in the kernel were designed to be in this kind of constant use .
Indeed , after having discovered this problem , several previously mysterious problems in the system — including abnormally high lock contention in the kernel ’s process management subsystem — began to make much more sense .
So resolving this problem not only reduced the CPU usage in the system ( thus reducing latency ) , but also improved scalability ( thus improving throughput ) .
This is a good example of the kinds of problems that have been found with DTrace :
It was a knuckleheaded problem high in the stack of abstraction , and the symptoms of the problem were systemic in nature .
This problem could not have been understood in terms of a single program because it was only when multiple instances of the same program were taken together that the systemic problem could be seen .
Although this problem might have been silly , the effects that it had on the system were substantial .
Perhaps most distressing , before DTrace was brought in , there had been several months of intensive ( but fruitless ) effort spent trying to understand the system .
This was not a failing of the sharp people who had been previously examining the system , it was a failing of the dull tools that they had been stuck using — tools that did not allow them to correlate symptoms at the bottom of the stack with the causes at the top .
Future Work
While DTrace has allowed for new degrees of system observability , there is still much work to be done .
For example , although our user - level provider mechanism has allowed for some visibility into dynamic environments , it is too coarse - grained :
With single probes corresponding to high - frequency events such as entering a method or function , the enabled probe effect is too high when one is interested in instrumenting only a small subset of a program .
While DTrace can instrument points of text , it has no real way of recording data ( or even arguments ) from these environments .
These problems are nontrivial ; where they have been solved ( using bytecode instrumentation or similar techniques ) , it is nearly always with a solution specific to the language instead of generic to the system .
Beyond DTrace , new capacities for software observability have opened up new potential in established fields such as software visualization .
In particular , interesting system visualization work such as IBM ’s PV research prototype4 should now be possible on production systems , dramatically increasing their scope and impact .
Finally , while solving the single - system observability problem pours a critical foundation , it is but incremental work on a much more challenging problem : observing distributed systems .
One potentially promising area is combining single - system observability infrastructure with OS - level virtualization technologies5 to obtain distributed debugging within the confines of a single machine .
While promising , this is ultimately a solution limited to development systems : Observing production distributed systems remains an open problem .
One noteworthy body of work in this domain is Google ’s Sawzall , 6 a system designed to analyze logging data across many machines .
With its filters and aggregators , Sawzall has some similar notions to DTrace , but differs in that it post - processes data , whereas DTrace processes data in situ .
Still , the confluence of ideas from systems such as DTrace and Sawzall may provide some progress on the long - standing problem of distributed systems observability .
Given the success of DTrace , we anticipate other solutions to the system observability problem .
To assure success , future solutions should abide by the same constraint : absolute safety on production systems above all else .
Abiding by this constraint — and adding mechanisms to instrument the entire stack of abstraction in ways that highlight patterns — has allowed for new observability where it is most badly needed : in production systems , and high in the stack of abstraction .
With the ability to observe the entire stack of running , production software , cow season is open , and there ’s no bag limit .
Q
References
FreeBSDTrace project ; http://www.sitetronics.com/wordpress/
Cantrill , B. , Shapiro , M. , and Leventhal , A. 2004 .
Dynamic instrumentation of production systems .
Proceedings of the 2004 Usenix Annual Technical Conference .
Sun Microsystems .
2005 .
Solaris Dynamic Tracing Guide .
Kimelman , D. , Rosenburg , B. , and Roth , T. 1997 .
Visualization of dynamics in real - world software systems .
In Software Visualization : Programming as a Multi-Media Experience , MIT Press .
Price , D. , and Tucker , A. 2004 .
Solaris zones : Operating system support for consolidating commercial workloads .
Proceedings of the 18th Usenix LISA Conference .
Pike , R. , Dorward , S. , Griesemet , R. , and Quinlan , S. Forthcoming .
Interpreting the data : Parallel analysis with Sawzall .
Scientific Programming Journal .
BRYAN CANTRILL is a senior staff engineer in the Solaris Kernel Development Group at Sun Microsystems .
His interests include dynamic software instrumentation , postmortem diagnosability , and realtime kernel and microprocessor architecture .
Most recently , he ( and two colleagues ) designed , implemented , and shipped DTrace , a facility for systemic dynamic instrumentation of Solaris .
Cantrill received a Sc.B. in computer science from Brown University .
Originally published in Queue vol .
4 , no .
1 —
see this item in the ACM Digital Library
Related :
Noor Mubeen - Workload Frequency Scaling Law - Derivation and Verification
This article presents equations that relate to workload utilization scaling at a per-DVFS subsystem level .
A relation between frequency , utilization , and scale factor ( which itself varies with frequency ) is established .
The verification of these equations turns out to be tricky , since inherent to workload , the utilization also varies seemingly in an unspecified manner at the granularity of governance samples .
Thus , a novel approach called histogram ridge trace is applied .
Quantifying the scaling impact is critical when treating DVFS as a building block .
Typical application includes DVFS governors and or other layers that influence utilization , power , and performance of the system .
Theo Schlossnagle - Monitoring in a DevOps World
Monitoring can seem quite overwhelming .
The most important thing to remember is that perfect should never be the enemy of better .
DevOps enables highly iterative improvement within organizations .
If you have no monitoring , get something ; get anything .
Something is better than nothing , and if you ’ve embraced DevOps , you ’ve already signed up for making it better over time .
Ulan Degenbaev , Jochen Eisinger , Manfred Ernst , Ross McIlroy , Hannes Payer - Idle - Time Garbage - Collection Scheduling
Google ’s Chrome web browser strives to deliver a smooth user experience .
An animation will update the screen at 60 FPS ( frames per second ) , giving Chrome around 16.6 milliseconds to perform the update .
Within these 16.6 ms , all input events have to be processed , all animations have to be performed , and finally the frame has to be rendered .
A missed deadline will result in dropped frames .
These are visible to the user and degrade the user experience .
Such sporadic animation artifacts are referred to here as jank .
This article describes an approach implemented in the JavaScript engine V8 , used by Chrome , to schedule garbage - collection pauses during times when Chrome is idle .
Neil Gunther , Paul Puglia , Kristofer Tomasette - Hadoop Superlinear Scalability
We often see more than 100 percent speedup efficiency !
came the rejoinder to the innocent reminder that you ca n’t have more than 100 percent of anything .
But this was just the first volley from software engineers during a presentation on how to quantify computer system scalability in terms of the speedup metric .
In different venues , on subsequent occasions , that retort seemed to grow into a veritable chorus that not only was superlinear speedup commonly observed , but also the model used to quantify scalability for the past 20 years failed when applied to superlinear speedup data .
© 2020 ACM , Inc. All Rights Reserved .
JF Ptak Science Books Post 1047
Part of our History of Women Series
" Like most busy young housewives , however , she gives little thought to the future –to satisfactory ways of spending the important years after her children have grown up and left home . "
[ See below . ]
This photo by Nina Leen [ “ Housewife Marjorie McWeeney amid symbolic display of her week ’s housework ” in “ Woman ’s Dilemma , ” Life , June 16 , 1947 , p. 105 ] depicts part of the housewife -y stuff of attention in the course of her 100 - long - week .
The remarkable part of the photo is that all of this was displayed in a window display at Bloomingdales .
Part of Ms. McWeeney ’s average work week included “ 35 beds to be made , 750 items of glass & china , 400 pieces of silverware to wash , 174 lbs. of food to prepare , some of 250 pieces of laundry .
on a line , & a ringer washing machine ” –that plus paying attention to her children during the 70 + hours a week in which they are awake .
In the listing of Ms. McWeeney 's routine ( " Her Work " ) I see no evidence of Mr. McWeeney 's contribution to the daily chores .
We see that he spends 15 minutes eating his breakfast before leaving for work at 8 ; returns home at 12 or a one - hour lunch before bolting at 1 ; and then returns at 6 for cocktails at 7:15 and then an hour long dinner at 8 .
Perhaps he was helping bathe the kids before cocktails , perhaps not .
I can't find evidence for Mrs. McWeeney 's present telephone number , so perhaps we 'll never know .
But my sneaking suspicion is that Ms. McWeeney ran the house and kids solo , as was the general custom of the day , basically .
Notes :
From the LIFE magazine issue :
“ A nice husband , three fine children keep her busy 100 hours a week .
" Mrs. John McWeeney of Rye , N.Y. has a big , good - looking husband who works in a nut and bolt company , and three children , Shawn , a grave little 4 - year - old ; John , called “ Rusty , ” almost 2 , and baby Mark , 4 months old .
She lives in a bright new seven - room house that has a safe backyard for Shawn and Rusty to play in and a number of modern machines to help her with her household chores .
She uses a diaperservice and she can afford a cleaning woman once a week who does the heavy laundry .
" But even under these better than average circumstances Marjorie McWeeney ’s hours are long and her work demanding .
She must keep an eye on her children during their 70 waking hours a week and also watch over them when they are supposed to be in bed but may actually be popping down the stairs to ask for water or an extra goodnight kiss .
" The picture [ above ] shows the household tasks that Marjorie must accomplish every week .
She has a crib and four beds to make up each day , totaling 35 complete bed - makings a week .
She has hundreds of knives , forks and utensils to wash , food to buy and prepare for a healthy family of five and a whole house to dust and sweep .
. . .
" Actually Marjorie ’s chores are much lighter than they would have been a few generations ago .
She cleans with machinery propelled by electricity , she uses food prepared in canneries , she buys clothes factory - made to fit every member of the family .
But her jobs , though relieved of old - time drudgery , have none of the creative satisfactions of home baking , home preserving , home dressmaking .
And , because her family unit is small with no aunts or cousins in the household , all the time she saves from housework must go into supervision of her children .
Unless she makes special arrangements with a baby - sitter , she has no relief from child care .
" Many women in Marjorie ’s position feel that this is a life of drudgery , that it is not good for Marjorie , a graduate of a junior college , to stay with small children long , continuous hours .
Marjorie herself has no desire to work outside .
Because as an individual she likes the job that she does , she has no problem right now .
Like most busy young housewives , however , she gives little thought to the future –to satisfactory ways of spending the important years after her children have grown up and left home . "
O2 Dell Streak on sale now !
It ’s Friday June 4th and it ’s just gone 9am in the UK – are you heading into your nearest O2 store to pick up the Dell Streak ?
The first mainstream Android MID has gone on sale in - store and online , priced from free with a new contract .
That gets you a 5 - inch Snapdragon - based tablet , complete with 3G UMTS , WiFi , GPS and Android 1.6 .
Dell are promising an update to Android 2.2 later in 2010 , but they ’ve slapped on a few UI enhancements of their own to tide you over .
The Streak comes with a rather nifty desktop HDMI dock , too , which allows you to easily hook up the MID to your HDTV for video playback .
Full pricing details are in the gallery below , and O2 are offering the Streak off - contract together with anything from 30 - day agreements through to 24 - months .
Anyone planning on picking one of these up today ?
Dell Streak hands - on :
[ vms 6d4357324dd7e69f3cd1 ]
Economic advisers in England may be the only blokes happy that the Three Lions were eliminated from the World Cup in the second round .
The international soccer tournament was expected to cost the British economy about $ 7.8 billion ( all figures CND ) — and that was if British workers checked out the matches for only an hour a day , according to sales intelligence firm Inside View .
The firm has been gathering data on how productivity and economies will be affected by the World Cup , and says about 80 per cent of the world ’s population has been watching at least some part of the games since they began on June 11 .
Turns out that on top of turning us into flag - waving fanatics , the games are making us slackers .
Twenty - six per cent of people surveyed said they would take some time off work to catch some soccer .
In the United States , the games will likely cost companies 10 minutes of productivity a day .
The Centre for Economics and Business Research in London , on the other hand , said the games could generate as much as $ 2.58 billion for England ’s economy , the result of a spike in World - Cup related consumer spending along with increased investment in advertising .
Those predicted benefits take into account the bill for lost productivity , which the Centre estimates is around a mere $ 1.45 billion .
The Centre is blasting a different tune on its vuvuzela than it was during the 2006 World Cup , when it estimated that lost productivity from the championships alone would cost about $ 5.2 billion ( inflation included ) worldwide .
Europe and South America ’s economies were the hardest hit .
There are no studies on the World Cup ’s expected impact on the Canadian economy , though Toronto bars have been reporting roaring business during the games .
In host country South Africa , employers have adopted some leniency , allowing their staff to watch the matches and revel in the first World Cup to be staged in Africa .
“ Where possible , employers tried , especially when the South African team was still playing , to allow workers to leave earlier if they could , ” Gert van Deventer , a spokesman for the Federated Employers Organization of South Africa , told The Associated Press .
“ Some employers even said that they set up television screens and would arrange that employees should come together on one afternoon and make something of it . ”
John McAfee is a tricky one .
The software mogul said he squandered his anti-virus fortune on worthless bonds and real estate .
But what if he got his nephew killed and is trying to escape the consequences ?
There was something implausible about McAfee 's vocal promotion of his own poverty last year .
He told the New York Times his fortune had fallen to $ 4 million from $ 100 million due to losses on bonds issued by recently - belly - up Lehman Brothers ; on his Colorado mansion ; and on assets like his 10 - passenger Cessna jet and Hawaii estate .
As we noted at the time , this was a rather unlikely situation for a man who just two years earlier was flying higher , and more smartly , than his contemporaries .
Sure enough , Jeff Wise recently visited McAfee and has a fresh report on him in Fast Company , detailing the many ways he does not seem like an impoverished man , or even a man scraping by on $ 4 million :
He spent $ 1.5 million on just the land for his home , $ 1 million on a patrol boat he donated to the Belizean coast guard , rents a $ 450,000 boat , spent $ 400,000 in greenhouses for his biotech venture , hired 35 - 40 employees and started and " gave away ... a high - speed ferry company , an Internet - services company , a rickshaw company , a water - sports facility , and ... an aerial - tour company . "
He 's also building an airstrip for tourists and , by his own admission , handing out bribes like candy .
Also , McAfee is implausibly trying to invent a sort of female Viagra , and cure bacterial infections , using native plants .
And he 's been lying about where he lives , altering wikis and Facebook pages to say he lives in Honduras or the British Virgin Islands .
Suddenly , writes Fast Company , it does n't seem like McAfee really lost all the cash he claims .
Instead , the magazine theorizes , he 's scared of a lawsuit over how he ran his last U.S. venture , a New Mexico " aerotrekking " company .
The company flew its guests very close to the desert floor in a " trike , " basically a hang glider with an engine attached .
The hitch is that this is a very tricky and dangerous thing to do , and McAfee let his unqualified nephew offer flight instruction , according to a $ 5 million civil complaint .
The nephew took a student into a dangerous canyon pass and both died on impact with a cliff face ; a lawyer retained by the student 's family filed the suit .
( McAfee has speculated the accident was caused not by his newphew but the passenger , " who 'd been ill before his visit , " and had maybe " had a stroke or a heart attack and fallen onto the wires of the kite 's wing . " )
The lawyer : " I think [ McAfee ] is trying to liquidate all property that could be used to collect a judgment , so that it 's all beyond the reach of execution in the United States . "
McAfee : " A judgment in the States is not valid down here .
And lawsuits in process in the United States have a difficult time in the collection stage . "
McAfee has the mind of a true hacker :
He made his fortune because he cracked one of the first computer viruses , " Pakistani Brain . "
It would appear he 's now attempting a social hack .
He should hope his knowledge of the Belizean and U.S. legal systems is as good as his knowledge of code — and that he can hand out enough of those bribes to see him through a long stay as an outlaw in Belize .
( Pic via ABC News )
( Update : Fixed a typo where we had Wise 's name transposed with McAfee's . )
Enhancing High - End Value
System Builder Marathon , June 2010 : The Articles
Here are links to each of the four articles in this month ’s System Builder Marathon ( we ’ll update them as each story is published ) .
And remember , these systems are all being given away at the end of the marathon .
To enter the giveaway , please check out this Google form , and be sure to read the complete rules before entering !
Day 1 : The $ 2,000 Performance PC
Day 2 : The $ 1,000 Enthusiast PC
Day 3 : The $ 550 Gaming PC
Day 4 : Performance And Value , Dissected
Introduction
Our past System Builder Marathons ( SBMs ) have used various budgets for high - priced machines , culminating in a March $ 3,000 PC that we think hit the performance sweet spot , while leaving almost $ 100 in the budget for optional upgrades , such as redundant storage .
However , our less - expensive systems did an even better job of proving value , and we ’re always left to question whether we could have generated similar performance for a lower price .
The two technologies that had the biggest effect on our $ 3,000 machine ’s prices were liquid cooling and solid - state drive ( SSD ) storage .
While the liquid cooler itself was n’t very expensive , added components , such as a special case ( to hold the radiator internally ) and a liquid - cooled graphics card , pushed the total expense for this upgrade beyond $ 500 .
Yet , the VGA cooler at least allowed us to overclock a reputedly ultra - hot pair of graphics processors , while the SSD drives had a negligible impact on the real - world benchmarks we use in the final value analysis .
Our chosen $ 380 SSD configuration certainly sped up boot times , but superb performance that only occurs outside those benchmarks will always undermine the machine ’s value score .
The biggest problem with those potential excesses could be that many high - end buyers are feeling the pinch of an unstable economy .
As many begin to seriously consider paying off small debts and beefing up emergency funds , it appears almost frivolous to spend significant money on anything that does n’t provide equally - significant improvements in performance or quality .
A well - built , mid-priced case is just the beginning of a carefully planned value assault on our previous project ’s performance profile .
Other cost - conscious changes include a switch from the previous system ’s expensive X58A - UD7 motherboard to its award - winning - UD3R sibling .
The switch to air cooling saves even more money , though the CPU heat sink we chose requires the additional expense of a separate fan .
$ 2,000 Performance PC Component Prices Motherboard Gigabyte GA - X58A - UD3R Chipset : Intel X58 Express $ 210 Processor Intel Core i7-930 2.80 GHz Four Cores , 8MB L3 Cache $ 289 Memory Crucial 6GB DDR3 - 1333 Triple - Channel Kit 3 x 2GB ( 6GB Total ) , CAS 9-9-9-28 $ 168 Graphics 2 x Gigabyte GV - N470D5 -13I - B in SLI 2 x 1.28 GB GDDR5-3482 2 x GeForce GTX 470 GPU at 607 MHz $ 700 Hard Drive Samsung Spinpoint F3 HD103SJ 1TB , 7,200 RPM , 32 MB Cache , SATA 3 Gb/s $ 80 Optical Lite - On Blu-ray Disc Combo Model iHES208-08 8X BD - ROM , 12X DVD-ROM DL , 16X DVD±R $ 108 Case Antec Three Hundred Illusion $ 70 Power SilverStone DA750 750W Modular ATX12V 2.2 , EPS12V 2.91 , 80 - Plus Silver $ 110 CPU Cooler Prolimatech Megahalems Rev. B $ 62 CPU Fan Scythe Slip Stream SY1225SL12LM - P
$ 11 Total Current Cost $ 1,808
As with our previous month ’s $ 3,000 machine , the builder took this month ’s $ 2,000 budget as an absolute limit , and picked what he thought might be the best performance - value combination to approach that price threshold .
Intended to address the higher expectations of high - end buyers , a Blu-ray combo drive is the only component in today ’s build to add functionality without improving performance or reliability .
June 22 , 2010  -- President Obama recalled the top U.S. general in the Afghanistan War , Gen. Stanley McChrystal , following a magazine interview in which McChrystal criticized several top U.S. officials and said he felt betrayed by the U.S. ambassador to Afghanistan .
In a profile by Michael Hastings , published in Rolling Stone , titled " The Runaway General , " McChrystal is characterized as an outsider who did not relate well with the administration , and as a military leader who was " disappointed " with his first meeting with the president .
The subhead of the story reads : " Stanley McChrystal , Obama 's top commander in Afghanistan , has seized control of the war by never taking his eye off the real enemy :
The wimps in the White House . "
After news of the comments sent shockwaves through political and military circles from D.C. to Afghanistan , McChrystal quickly issued an apology for his " bad judgment . "
" I extend my sincerest apology for this profile .
It was a mistake reflecting poor judgment and should never have happened , " McChrystal said in a statement .
" Throughout my career , I have lived by the principles of personal honor and professional integrity .
What is reflected in this article falls far short of that standard . "
According to ABC News ' senior foreign affairs correspondent Martha Raddatz , who first reported that the general was ordered back to Washington for a monthly staff meeting that he usually attends by videoconference , government officials said it 's unlikely he 'll lose his job over the comments .
Sources tell Raddatz that McChrystal has not mentioned offering his resignation and that the upheaval surrounding the article has yet to sink in .
Duncan Boothby , a civilian press official in Afghanistan , resigned in the aftermath of the scandal , sources tell Raddatz .
McChrystal 's top press aide Adm. Greg Smith will be traveling with McChrystal back to Washington , D.C .
One of the article 's most disparaging remarks comes from an unnamed adviser to McChrystal , who described the general 's first meeting with Obama .
" Obama clearly did n't know anything about him , who he was , " the aide said .
" Here 's the guy who 's going to run his [ expletive ] war , but he did n't seem very engaged .
The boss was pretty disappointed . "
In his apology , McChrystal said he had " enormous respect and admiration for President Obama and his national security team , and for the civilian leaders and troops fighting this war " and said he remains " committed to ensuring its successful outcome . "
In the article , McChrystal said the president criticized him for speaking too bluntly about needing more troops last fall .
" I found that time painful , " McChrystal said in the article .
" I was selling an unsellable position . "
McChyrstal also said he felt betrayed by U.S. ambassador to Afghanistan Karl Eikenberry for the ambassador 's criticism of Afghan president Hamid Karzai in a leaked cable .
The U.S. embassy in Kabul released a statement , saying : " We have seen the article and General McChrystal has already spoken to it .
As Ambassador Eikenberry has said on many occasions , he and General McChrystal are both are fully committed to the President 's strategy and to working together as one civilian - military team to implement it . "
A U.S. embassy spokesperson said McChrystal called Richard Holbrooke , U.S. special envoy to Pakistan and Afghanistan , " to apologize for this story and accept full responsibility for it . "
" Ambassador Holbrooke values his close and productive relationship with General McChrystal and the International Security Assistance Force , " the statement read .
Hastings ' story details the tense relationship between Holbrooke and McChrystal .
On a trip to Paris , when McChrystal saw on his Blackberry that he had received an e-mail from Holbrooke , he groaned : " I do n't even want to open it . "
" The Boss says he 's like a wounded animal , " an unnamed member of McChrystal 's team is quoted as saying .
NATO Calls Comments ' Unfortunate '
In addition to the written statement , McChrystal has been reportedly calling nearly every figure mentioned in the article to apologize , including NATO allies .
Democratic Sen. John Kerry , D - Mass. , chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations committee who was criticized in the article by one of McChrystal 's aides , said today he has " tremendous respect " for McChrystal and that it will be up to President Obama to decide whether the general can continue to serve effectively in his position .
" We would all best be served by staying cool and calm , " Kerry said today .
" This would best be handled by the president and his top general discussing this . "
Sen. John McCain , R - Ariz. , would not comment on the interview .
An unnamed aide was quoted in the story , saying politicians like McCain and Kerry " turn up , have a meeting with Karzai , criticize him at the airport press conference , then get back for the Sunday talk shows .
Frankly , it 's not very helpful . "
NATO officials were quick with their own response , noting that while " unfortunate , " " it is just an article . "
" We are in the middle of a very real conflict , and the Secretary General has full confidence in Gen. McChrystal as the NATO commander , and in his strategy , " NATO said in a statement .
According to ABC News ' Raddatz , the nature of the comments to the magazine has rankled the administration .
" This one is really different .
This Rolling Stone article is really different .
I think it's why the administration is so angry , " Raddatz said on " Good Morning America . "
" This is personal gossip .
This is personal laundry it 's not about policy , it 's not about troops and we 're in the middle of a war . "
ABC News ' Z. Byron Wolf , Jason Ryan , Ann Compton , Jake Tapper , Nick Schifrin and Marisa Bramwell contributed to this report .
Many urban legends and misconceptions about drugs have been created and circulated among young people and the general public , with varying degrees of veracity .
These are commonly repeated by organizations which oppose all classified drug use , often causing the true effects and dangers of drugs to be misunderstood and less scrutinized .
The most common subjects of such false beliefs are LSD , cannabis , and MDMA .
These misconceptions include misinformation about adulterants or other black market issues , as well as alleged effects of the pure substances .
Lysergic acid diethylamide ( LSD ) [ edit ]
Some of the strangest urban legends told are those about lysergic acid diethylamide ( LSD ) , a potent psychedelic drug that gained popularity in several countries in the 1960s and 1970s , and experienced a resurgence in the mid 2010s to present .
The drug 's relation to the 1960s counterculture was likely part of the reason for such legends .
Babysitter places baby in the oven while high on LSD [ edit ]
This is an unverifiable drug - scare story dating to the 1960s of a hippie babysitter girl putting a baby in the oven and a turkey in the bassinet .
It has been debunked [ 1 ] by Snopes.com .
This myth is parodied in The Simpsons episode " The Secret War of Lisa Simpson , " [ 2 ] in which the children go on a school field trip to a " scared straight " wax museum at the local police station .
One exhibit contains a wax dummy of a hippie woman eating a sandwich with a baby in it .
Chief Wiggum says " That 's right , she 's got the munchies for a California Cheeseburger ! "
In May 2009 , partial ostension of this legend may have occurred when an Ohio man high on PCP allegedly tried to put his 28 - day - old son into a conventional oven , only to be stopped in time by the child 's mother . [ 3 ]
Also , in March 2010 , a Kentucky man put his five - week - old baby in an oven ( without turning it on , and without any injury ) while drunk and high on marijuana ( that he had smoked earlier that night ) that he alleged made him feel strange and suspected of being laced with a different drug that made him hallucinate ; he was also tired from working .
[ 4 ]
In 2005 China Arnold murdered her near month - old baby with a microwave oven , but she claimed to be under the influence of alcohol , not LSD . [ 5 ] [ 6 ]
There are a limited number of cases reported in which babies were put into microwaves , though these cases were not known to involve any drugs . [ 7 ] [ 8 ]
These were often cases of deliberate infanticide .
However , there have been no known cases of microwaving ( or baking ) babies involving LSD specifically , or any other psychedelic drug , including cannabis .
There are , however , many reported cases of psychotic violence under the influence of PCP ( see below ) .
PCP is not related to LSD .
Bad LSD [ edit ]
A " bad trip " is easily caused by an expectation or fear of ill effects , which may later be blamed on " bad acid . "
This legend was made famous at the 1969 Woodstock festival , when concert - goers were warned to stay away from " the brown acid " , which was allegedly bad . [ 9 ]
One possible reason people believe that they had " bad acid " could be because they were simply sold a much higher dose than usual , which is not uncommon due to the inherent lack of quality control of illicit drugs , and with LSD in particular being effective at microgram rather than milligram doses .
The stronger the dose , the stronger and potentially more anxiety - provoking the trip can get .
However , drugs sometimes falsely represented by sellers as LSD in the 1970s were actually PCP , amphetamine , or other drugs that have quite different , and often unfavorable , effects from LSD , causing unwitting users to incorrectly attribute a " bad trip " to LSD .
There are now many research chemicals ( DOB [ 10 ] [ 11 ] 2C - I , [ 12 ] DOC , [ 13 ] DOI , [ 14 ] etc. ) that can be nearly indistinguishable from real LSD before use , and thus can be easily confused with " bad acid . "
Some of these , such as 25I - NBOMe are even potent enough for psychoactive doses to fit on blotter paper , and may occasionally be sold as LSD when the latter is scarce .
The idea of adulterating blotter LSD with these chemicals , however , has no known basis in fact .[ citation needed ]
" Bananadine " LSD [ edit ]
The false claim states that it is possible to synthesize LSD or some similar hallucinogenic drug called " bananadine " from banana peels or other common household foods and chemicals .
The actual synthesis of LSD usually requires advanced knowledge and experience in organic chemistry and requires both expensive laboratory equipment and expensive , carefully controlled precursor chemicals .
Originating from a recipe originally published as a hoax in the Berkeley Barb in March 1967 , [ 15 ] variants of this legend often circulate on the Internet and were popular on BBSs well before the widespread availability of Internet access through William Powell 's " The Anarchist Cookbook . "
This book claimed " Musa sapientum Bananadine " was a mild psychoactive drug found in banana peels .
The slang terms " mellow yellow " and " saffron " ( for the color of the peels ) were borrowed from the 1966 Donovan song , " Mellow Yellow , " perhaps because the phrase " electrical banana " is mentioned in one of the lines .
According to The Rolling Stone Illustrated Encyclopedia of Rock and Roll , Donovan claimed he was actually referring to a banana - shaped vibrator . [ 16 ]
The song itself , despite its " psychedelic " feel , was written about Donovan 's bout with hepatitis ( which causes jaundice ) .[ citation needed ]
Blue star tattoos [ edit ]
One popular legend is the blue star tattoo legend .
This legend frequently surfaces in American elementary and middle schools in the form of a flyer that has been photocopied through many generations , which is distributed to parents by concerned school officials .
It has also become popular on Internet mailing lists and websites .
This legend states that a temporary lick - and - stick tattoo soaked in LSD and made in the form of a blue star , or of popular children 's cartoon characters , is being distributed to children in the area in order to get them addicted to LSD .
The flyer lists an inaccurate description of the effects of LSD , some attribution ( typically to a well - regarded hospital or a vaguely specified " adviser to the president " ) , and instructs parents to contact police if they come across the blue star tattoos .
No actual cases of LSD distribution to children in this manner have ever been documented .
LSD is not addictive , and it is unlikely to be abused by an unwitting user .
Therefore , there is no plausible motivation for a drug dealer to distribute LSD in this manner . [ 17 ]
Legally insane [ edit ]
There is an urban legend that a person who has used LSD more than seven times is automatically declared legally insane .
The same claim is often suggested with large doses , the difference being that the person is considered psychotic only for the duration of the trip .
An extension of this legend is that a person who does LSD more than " X number of times " is permanently disqualified from the military as a result of being " legally insane , " a version which was likely inspired by wishful thinking of drug- using draft dodgers in the 1960s .
However , no such law exists , at least not in the United States . [ 18 ]
However , the United States Air Force has regulations limiting and prohibiting recruitment of pre-service drug users , including prohibition of proven or admitted LSD users . [ 19 ]
A version of this legend was repeated as fact on TV's Dragnet series in 1967 , in an episode revolving around the use of LSD before it was made illegal .
The script described a shipment containing " one pound of LSD [ tabs ] , enough to turn the entire population of Los Angeles into dangerous psychotics " on the premise that one dose made a person legally insane due to the recurrence of completely unpredictable flashbacks throughout the user 's life after a single dose .
LSD causes genetic mutations [ edit ]
Beginning in 1967 , studies raised concerns that LSD might produce genetic damage [ 20 ] or developmental abnormalities in fetuses .
However , these initial reports were based on in vitro studies or were poorly controlled and have not been substantiated .
In studies of chromosomal changes in human users and in monkeys , the balance of evidence suggests no increase in chromosomal damage .
For example , white blood cells of people who had been given LSD in a clinical setting were examined for visible chromosomal abnormalities ; overall , there appeared to be no lasting changes . [ 20 ]
Several studies have been conducted using illicit LSD users and provide a less clear picture .
Interpretation of this data is generally complicated by factors such as the unknown chemical composition of street LSD , concurrent use of other psychoactive drugs , and diseases such as hepatitis in the sampled populations .
It seems possible that the small number of genetic abnormalities reported in users of street LSD is either coincidental or related to factors other than a toxic effect of pure LSD . [ 20 ]
A 2008 medical review concluded , " The available data suggest that pure LSD does not cause chromosomal abnormalities , spontaneous abortions , or congenital malformations . " [ 21 ]
However , this refutation has not stopped this perennial legend from being told , nor has it stopped the jokes about such " mutations " allegedly messing up the children of the Baby Boomers .
Man permanently thinks he is a glass of orange juice ( or thinks he becomes an orange ) [ edit ]
Another common legend , again dating back to the 1960s , was that a man who took LSD went insane and permanently thought that he was a glass of orange juice .
Because of this , he could never bend over , slept upright and did not make any sudden movements over fear of being " spilt " .
Alternative versions sometimes have the man thinking he is a glass of milk or a whole orange .
Another version of this myth states that the man believed he had become an orange , and was afraid he would be ' peeled ' by his friends . [ 22 ]
Police officer unwittingly drinks LSD [ edit ]
In this legend , which dates back to 1970 , a police ( or customs ) officer pulls over a driver believed to have been drinking , sees that the driver has a water bottle , and demands a taste of it to see if it contains alcohol .
The officer does not taste any alcohol , so the driver either gets off completely or merely gets a speeding ticket .
Shortly afterward , the officer begins tripping very hard and stares into space , since the swig of " water " he took actually contained numerous " hits " of LSD .
In some versions of the legend , the officer consumes enough LSD to actually go insane .
According to Snopes.com , there are no verifiable reports of this ever happening , even decades after the legend was first told , and it is thus considered spurious . [ 23 ]
However , there have been recent accounts of officers dosed while on the job . [ 24 ]
Retention of LSD in spinal fluid [ edit ]
This legend may have its foundation in the fact that chronic use can result in flashbacks and hallucinogen persisting perception disorder ( HPPD ) . [ 25 ]
There remains no consensus regarding the nature and causes of HPPD or flashbacks .
A study of 44 HPPD subjects who had previously ingested LSD showed EEG abnormalities . [ 26 ]
Given that some symptoms have environmental triggers , it may represent a failure to adjust visual processing to changing environmental conditions .
There are no explanations for why only some individuals develop HPPD .
Explanations in terms of LSD physically remaining in the body for months or years after consumption have been discounted by experimental evidence .[ citation needed ]
LSD is metabolized by the liver , and has an elimination half - life of around 2.5 to 4 hours . [ 27 ]
Strychnine [ edit ]
Anti-drug educators frequently tell their students some variant on the theme of inevitable strychnine poisoning through LSD use , for example , that strychnine is commonly sold as a cheaper substitute for LSD by unscrupulous drug dealers ; that strychnine is a byproduct of LSD synthesis ; that the body produces strychnine as a result of LSD metabolism ; or that strychnine is used as a preservative to prevent the otherwise natural , rapid decomposition of LSD , allowing it to be stored ; or that strychnine is somehow necessary to bond LSD to blotter paper .
None of this is true . [ 28 ]
These claims may even be believed and propagated by drug users themselves .
In reality , most hallucinogens cause some degree of mental or physical discomfort after the " trip " is over .
This is an indirect effect of the drug , [ 28 ] not strychnine or any other adulterant .
Additionally , strychnine is one of the most bitter substances known .
The bitter taste can be detected at 1 part per million , which is well below the toxic level . [ 28 ]
Finally , the dangerous dose of strychnine is too high to be contained in a blotter square , even if the entire square were composed of the poison . [ 28 ]
Strychnine has indeed rarely been discovered mixed with LSD and other drugs in a few samples recovered by law enforcement agencies , but these were all found in murder or attempted murder investigations where someone was being specifically targeted for poisoning , and not associated with recreational LSD use . [ 28 ]
A related myth is that a new type of gang initiation requires the initiate to put a mixture of LSD and strychnine on the buttons of as many payphones as possible .
This too is debunked by the urban legends website Snopes.com . [ 29 ]
Sungazing while tripping [ edit ]
A popular legend dating back to the 1960s , it has been claimed that several people took LSD and stared at the sun , going blind as a result .
This myth appeared in 1967 on the cop show Dragnet , and twice in the mainstream news media .
The legend is considered to be unfounded , since in 1968 the source of the hoax , Norman M. Yoder , commissioner of the Office of the Blind in the Pennsylvania State Welfare Department , admitted that he had completely made up the story because of his " concern over illegal LSD use by children . " [ 30 ]
After the sun-gazing on LSD story was widely publicized , a small number of case reports were published in the medical literature which describe this phenomenon temporarily occurring . [ 31 ] [ 32 ]
In one case , the patient was a teenage girl described as having a " hysterical personality " who heard warnings about staring at the sun under LSD in a school anti-drug lecture and thought this " would be a neat thing , " and in another case the patient had paranoid schizophrenia . [ 31 ]
Cannabis [ edit ]
Many misleading urban legends about cannabis exist .
Like LSD rumors , many were spread during the 1960s and 1970s , and are believed to continuously circulate today .
These widespread legends claim that it is easy to overdose on the smokeable variant of cannabis and that it is extremely dangerous and addictive when compared to alcohol and tobacco .
Withdrawal from heavy , chronic cannabis use does not usually exceed 3 – 4 days , but it has the potential to be psychologically addictive . [ 33 ] [ 34 ] [ 35 ] [ 36 ]
Withdrawal symptoms are generally mild - loss of appetite , insomnia , feelings of uneasiness / anxiety , tension , stomach ache , headache and irritability all being common symptoms .[ citation needed ]
There are studies that show no actual increased risk of cancer from smoking marijuana , even when duration of use is expanded over several years . [ 37 ]
In fact , some studies indicate THC to have anticancer properties , with studies showing tumor reduction in mice . [ 38 ]
Confusion with Jimson weed [ edit ]
Historically , and possibly related to the " Reefer Madness " legend , some people ( particularly Americans ) had confused cannabis with Jimson weed ( Datura stramonium ) .
Jimson weed , which grows wild in the United States and several other countries , is a potent deliriant which can cause true hallucinations and delusions that are believed by the user to be real , as opposed to the pseudohallucinations and perceptual distortions typically caused by cannabis . [ 39 ]
Confusion could have resulted from the fact that Datura 's common name contains the word " weed , " which is also a slang term for cannabis , and the fact that both plants ( as well as others ) have been given the moniker " locoweed " in the first half of the 20th century .
Aside from these superficial similarities , the two plants are not related , do not resemble one another , and are very unlikely to be confused .
Jimson weed is highly toxic and can cause delirium , confusion , hallucinations , blurred vision , photophobia , dry mouth , urinary retention , hyperthermia , incoordination , hypertension , and rapid heartbeat among other effects .
An overdose ( or suspected overdose ) on this substance is a medical emergency , as it can cause seizures , coma , or death by cardiac arrest . [ 40 ] [ 41 ]
" Flashbacks " due to release from fat cells [ edit ]
Similar to one of the most enduring myths about LSD , and also somewhat related to the " multi-day impairment " legend described further down on this list , this legend claims that residual THC stored in fat cells gets released spontaneously into the bloodstream in enough quantities to get one high again long after the last use of cannabis , be it days , weeks , or even months later . [ 42 ]
This legend is typically accompanied by anecdotal evidence of people who experience a " high " after doing exercise of some sort .
While somewhat more biologically plausible than the discredited LSD legend due to the fat - solubility of THC , this phenomenon remains scientifically unproven .
A 2009 study of rats that involved injecting them with large quantities of THC ( equivalent to 5 - 10 joints per day in humans ) each day for ten days straight , then subjecting them to simulated severe stress or food deprivation led to double the blood levels of THC - COOH two days after the last THC exposure compared to rats that were neither stressed nor deprived of food . [ 43 ]
If such results occurred in humans , then it is theoretically possible for a chronic cannabis user to fail a drug test long after the usual detection time due to exercise , dieting , or severe stress shortly before the test — and several anecdotal reports of this exist .
However , there is currently no hard evidence that enough active THC would be released to get one " high " or cause " flashbacks . "
One should also note that flashbacks from psychoactive drugs in general are now known to be psychological phenomena , [ by whom ? ] and drug residues typically play no significant role in their occurrence and recurrence .
As for the anecdotes about exercise , they likely experienced a " runner 's high " due to their bodies releasing endorphins , which are endogenous opioid agonists , along with anandamide and other endogenous cannabinoid agonists . [ 44 ]
These flashbacks have also been reported after one has stretched or stood up / sat or laid down abruptly . [ 45 ]
In addition , some studies find that the body produces endocannabinoids such as anandamide during exercise , which may also explain such effects since they activate the same receptors as THC . [ 46 ] [ 47 ]
George Washington smoked cannabis [ edit ]
There is a common belief that George Washington ( and / or other Founding Fathers such as Thomas Jefferson ) used cannabis for its psychoactive or medicinal properties . [ 48 ] [ 49 ]
This has even made its way into popular films such as Dazed and Confused .
Both Washington and Jefferson grew cannabis to produce hemp , and Washington used hemp fiber to make clothes for his slaves , but there is no direct evidence that either Washington or Jefferson consumed it for its psychoactive properties . [ 49 ]
Washington is commonly mis-quoted as saying " Make the most of the Indian hemp seed , and sow it everywhere , " often cited as a note to his gardener published in The Washington Papers . [ 50 ]
However the closest phrase to this in The Washington Papers is in a letter to William Pearce – " I am very glad to hear that the Gardener has saved so much of the St. foin seed , and that of the India Hemp .
Make the most you can of both , by sowing them again in drills . [...]
The Hemp may be sown any where . " [ 51 ]
In The Papers of George Washington , " hemp " is defined as Cannabis sativa grown for fiber , [ 52 ] and " Indian hemp " typically refers to the closely related Cannabis indica . [ 53 ]
While Washington was growing cannabis for its fiber , both of these species are also cultivated for their psychoactive and medicinal properties .
When cannabis is grown for its medicinal or psychoactive properties , male plants are routinely separated from females to prevent pollination , as non-pollinated female plants produce the most potent and prized flowering tops , [ 54 ] known as sinsemilla ( from the Spanish " sin semilla " , meaning " without seed " ) . [ 54 ]
To produce sinsemilla , the sexes must be separated before pollination occurs . [ 54 ]
On August 7 , 1765 , Washington wrote in his diary " Began to separate the Male from the Female hemp at Do. – rather too late . " [ 52 ]
While this has been taken as evidence that Washington was growing cannabis for its psychoactive or medicinal properties , The Straight Dope points out that later entries in Washington 's diary suggest that " he divided the plants because the males made stronger fiber while the female plants produced the seed needed for the next year 's crop . " [ 49 ]
Two days after he wrote the aforementioned entry in his diary , Washington wrote that he had " put some Hemp in the Rivr. to Rot , " [ 52 ] a technique called water retting used for producing hemp , not psychoactive cannabis . [ 49 ]
The following month he wrote that he " Began to Pull the Seed Hemp but it was not sufficiently ripe , " and three weeks later that the " Hempseed seems to be in good order for getting – that is of a proper ripeness . " [ 52 ]
The introductory editorial for the June 2010 cannabinoid - themed issue of the British Journal of Pharmacology said that " there are sources that suggest that chronic tooth - ache may have led the first President of the United States , George Washington , to grow the plant for medicinal purposes , " [ 55 ] though these sources are not cited .
The cover of the issue featured images of Washington and Queen Victoria placed on either side of a cannabis leaf . [ 55 ]
An allergic reaction to molecules found in marijuana killed Bruce Lee [ edit ]
A number of rumours surfaced surrounding the cause of action film star Bruce Lee 's death in 1973 , one of which was that he had been killed by the consumption of cannabis . [ 56 ]
Lee died of a cerebral edema several hours after taking the painkiller and muscle relaxant equagesic . [ 56 ]
His autopsy showed trace amounts of cannabis in his stomach , and he had been known to use cannabis . [ 56 ] [ 57 ]
However , a doctor at the coroner 's hearing was quoted as saying that the cannabis in Lee 's stomach was " no more significant than if Bruce had drunk a cup of tea that day . " [ 56 ]
Lee 's physician , Donald Langford , and Peter Wu , a doctor who had treated Lee for another edema ten weeks earlier , believed that the fatal edema could have been caused by a rare allergic reaction to an alkaloid in cannabis , as a large quantity of hashish was removed from his stomach during the earlier edema , and he had been warned not to use it again . [ 57 ] [ 58 ]
Wu told the coroner he believed the death was due to hypersensitivity to either cannabis or equagesic . [ 58 ]
However , Ronald D. Teare , a professor of forensic medicine at the University of London who was flown in to be the chief expert in the coroner 's report , said that it was both " irresponsible and irrational " to attribute either edema to cannabis , and concluded the fatal edema was due to a rare reaction to equagesic . [ 56 ] [ 58 ]
Teare , who had supervised nearly 100,000 autopsies and provided evidence for nearly 20,000 inquests in his 35 years of experience , was echoed by R. R. Lycette , the clinical pathologist at Queen Elizabeth Hospital . [ 58 ]
Lycette told the hearing that his death could not have been caused by cannabis , and that Lee had died from an edema caused by a reaction to one or both of the ingredients in equagesic . [ 58 ]
At the time in Hong Kong , Cannabis was seen in an extremely negative light — worse than opium — and was " considered a ' foreign ' drug with sinister and evil undertones . " [ 58 ]
Bruce Thomas , author of Bruce Lee : Fighting Spirit stated that " this view had a massive impact on the official findings , " and that Wu's inclusion of cannabis as a suspected cause of death " reflected this cultural and even political pressure . " [ 58 ]
Wu later said in a 1992 interview with Thomas :
Professor Teare was a forensic scientist recommended by Scotland Yard ; he was brought in as the expert , so we can't contradict his testimony .
The dosage of cannabis is neither precise nor predictable , but I 've never known anyone to die simply from taking it . [ 58 ]
Although it could not be completely ruled out that cannabis caused the edema , Teare 's view was accepted by the coroner , and the official verdict was " death by misadventure " caused by a reaction to equigesic . [ 56 ] [ 58 ]
Cannabis was not included as a possible cause of Lee 's death . [ 58 ]
Marijuana today is 10 – 20 times more potent than in the past [ edit ]
An oft - repeated legend is that today 's cannabis is at least an order of magnitude stronger than in the past ( and by implication much more dangerous ) .
THC levels are allegedly 10 , 20 or even 30 times higher than in the 1960s or 1970s .
Although potency levels have risen in several countries ( such as the US and UK ) , the actual increases have been much more modest ( almost threefold from 1982 to 2007 in the US ) and high - potency strains have always existed , as have various concentrated forms of cannabis . [ 59 ] [ 60 ]
Furthermore , potency of seized samples was not tested before 1971 , leaves were not distinguished from buds by testers at first , and samples from before the early 1980s ( when testing and storage procedures were changed ) were often degraded , making comparisons going that far back inaccurate .
Non-representative sampling was also an issue . [ 61 ] [ 62 ]
Since most of the increase happened after 2000 , this legend can be considered an example of ostension ( people have been making such claims as far back as the 1970s ) .
A related claim , especially in the UK , is that the cannabidiol / THC ratio has decreased over the past few decades , resulting in a new and presumably more dangerous form of cannabis that never existed before ( since CBD is thought [ by whom ? ] to attenuate some of the negative side effects of THC ) .
While there is little to no reliable data before 2005 on such ratios in the UK , making comparisons to the past impossible , the US data going back to the 1970s shows little to no clear trend , and there have always been strains with extremely low ratios . [ 60 ]
Ratios are also known to vary widely between strains and growing / harvesting methods .
Some versions of this legend claim the potency change is due to " genetic modification , " a term which often evokes fear in the popular consciousness , but there is no hard evidence that anything other than selective breeding and enhanced growing techniques are behind the change .
" Genetic modification " insofar as attempting to emphasize desirable traits by the practice of selective breeding is standard practice across many areas of farming , including the production of cannabis .
It is likely that the term " genetic modification " is used by people who do not understand that selective breeding is not the same as genetic engineering .
Multi-day impairment [ edit ]
Another claim about cannabis is that impairment due to smoking it lasts many days after using it , since THC is stored in the fat cells , leading to a low - grade haze long after the primary high is gone . [ 62 ]
This myth is based primarily on anecdotal evidence and the known fact that urine drug tests remain positive for at least several days after using , and longer for regular users .
The tests however measure non-psychoactive metabolites , not active THC . [ 63 ] [ 64 ]
And the blood levels of THC generally fall well below the psychoactive threshold within 2 – 4 hours of smoking ( 4–8 hours after oral use ) . [ 65 ]
A cannabis equivalent of a hangover may occur the morning after taking high doses , but even that ends much sooner than the legend suggests .
Although smoking cannabis on a Friday night would most likely test positive in a urinalysis Monday , no amount of the psychoactive effect would be retained by that time . [ 66 ]
One possible origin of this idea is the fact that some ( but not all ) studies with airline pilots have shown a modest decrease in capabilities on a flight simulator up to 24 hours after use of one fairly strong marijuana cigarette .
In two of the four studies ( one of which was not placebo - controlled ) the ability of the pilots to safely navigate a simulated aircraft was apparently compromised somewhat up to 24 hours later , while the other two did not show any impairment beyond 4 – 8 hours . [ 67 ]
Despite the inconsistent replication , these studies have led some experts to recommend drug testing of people in safety - sensitive jobs ( pilots , bus drivers , etc . ) . [ 68 ]
In contrast , no driving studies have found any significant cannabis - related impairments lasting beyond 2 – 6 hours . [ 65 ] [ 67 ]
It is also worth noting that the same research group that conducted three out of the four flight simulation studies on cannabis also conducted a similar study using alcohol .
They found noticeable hangover - related impairment 14 hours after consuming enough alcohol to reach a BAC of 0.10 , despite the fact that the BAC had returned to zero by that point . [ 69 ]
Reefer madness [ edit ]
Originating in the 1930s , this myth was the basis for films like Reefer Madness , and used by Harry Anslinger of the Federal Bureau of Narcotics as justification for outlawing cannabis .
The allegation was that even the calmest , most normal person could be transformed into a psychopathic killer or rapist solely from smoking a joint .
No relationship has ever been proven linking such crimes to the acute intoxication of cannabis alone , and cannabis ' psychological effects tend to be more associated with pacifism and inactivity than with aggression .
For example , studies of the Jamaican working class showed no difference in the crime rates between users and non-user of cannabis . [ 70 ]
Smoking or " chasing " cannabis with tobacco increases the high [ edit ]
In many places , cannabis is routinely mixed with tobacco when rolled into joints .
In North America cannabis in any form is also often " chased " with a tobacco cigarette , and hollowed - out cigars filled with cannabis ( blunts ) are also popular in some subcultures .
Some users say that smoking tobacco increases the cannabis high , and this is often attributed to either the nicotine or additives such as menthol .
Until recently this was based solely on anecdotal evidence .
There may be at least some truth to this legend , as a 2005 study found that a transdermal nicotine patch modestly enhanced the subjective " high " of cannabis relative to a placebo patch — but only in males .
Females actually saw a slight reduction in subjective effects . [ 71 ]
Reasons for the enhancement are not well understood , and this study appears to be the only one as of 2010 that found such effects .
However , another study found a significant downside to the practice .
It appears that tobacco , which is known to be highly addictive , also enhances the likelihood of developing cannabis dependence symptoms when the two substances are used concurrently . [ 72 ]
Some Lucky Strike cigarettes contained cannabis [ edit ]
It has been claimed the cigarette brand Lucky Strike is so named because every so often , a consumer of the product would have a " lucky strike , " finding a cannabis spliff in a pack of cigarettes .
The rumor varies in how often the cannabis cigarette would be included , anywhere from one in every thousand cartons to one in every pack .
It is unclear when this myth originated ; Snopes.com claims it has been floating around for " many years . "
Lucky Strike 's slogan " It 's Toasted " fueled belief in the myth further ( ' toasted ' being one slang term for being high on cannabis ) .
Despite the popularity of the myth , there are no reliable reports of any Lucky Strike cigarette containing cannabis .
The name " Lucky Strike , " in reality , is only a marketing ploy , implying to customers that obtaining their brand is a " Lucky Strike . "
The " It 's Toasted " slogan refers to the product 's tobacco being toasted instead of sun-dried , making a supposedly better - tasting product . [ 73 ]
Other urban legends offshoot from this one .
One of the explanations for the origin of flipping a " lucky " cigarette upside down claims the practice originated from the Lucky Strike myth ; it is presumed the superstition arose from flipping the marijuana - containing cigarette upside - down in order to save it for last . [ 73 ]
Popularity in the United States in the 1960s [ edit ]
Although the 1960s are commonly perceived as a time of rampant marijuana use compared with the present day , in a 1969 Gallup poll only 4 % of American adults had tried marijuana and 34 % did not know its effects . [ 74 ]
In contrast , later Gallup polls show that the percentage of adults who had tried marijuana had risen to 33 % by 1985 and 34 % by 1999 . [ 75 ]
MDMA ( ecstasy ) [ edit ]
The third most common illicit drug that is the source of urban legends is 3,4 - methylenedioxymethamphetamine ( MDMA ) , better known as " ecstasy . "
In the United States , this substance was banned in 1985 , and other countries followed suit as well .
Among American youth , MDMA was most popular in the 1990s and early 2000s , peaking in 2001 and declining thereafter . [ 76 ]
It was during this time of rather faddish use that numerous urban legends and misconceptions began to surface and be spread through the media , and not all of them necessarily originated from anti-drug organizations .
Holes in the brain [ edit ]
A common legend that surfaced around the year 2000 was that ecstasy can put holes in the brain , akin to Swiss cheese , which are presumed to be permanent .
Actually , the only drugs known to cause anything similar to this are PCP and ketamine , which have been posited to cause small holes in the cortex known as Olney 's Lesions . [ 77 ]
However , structural changes observed over time in the brains of methamphetamine users , and various other substances ( e.g. , neurotoxins ) , though not ' holes ' in any manner , can still be significantly damaging . [ 78 ]
The concept of " holes " most likely comes from a misinterpretation of SPECT ( and other ) scans which show the levels of activity ( or lack thereof ) in certain areas of the brain , by measuring glucose usage , blood flow , and other proxies for activity .
Such scans do not , however , show the physical structure of the brain .
This misconception was likely popularized by an episode of MTV's True Life , " I'm on Ecstasy " ( 2000 ) , which featured a former poly - drug user ( including heavy use of MDMA ) whose brain scan showed several areas of greatly diminished activity . [ 79 ]
MDMA causes Parkinson 's disease [ edit ]
Another legend , often mentioned together with the " holes in the brain " myth discussed above , is that MDMA causes Parkinson 's disease , possibly with even one night of exposure .
This was partially based on an animal study that found neurotoxicity to dopaminergic neurons after administering the drug to monkeys .
However , the study has been retracted by the researchers who conducted it because they had accidentally given methamphetamine instead of MDMA to the animals , given the similar chemical names ( MDMA stands for 3,4 - methylenedioxymethamphetamine ) . [ 80 ] [ 81 ]
Ironically , it is now being investigated as a possible treatment for Parkinson 's disease . [ 82 ] [ 83 ]
The neurotoxicity of MPTP was first hinted at in 1976 after Barry Kidston , a 23 - year - old graduate chemistry student in Maryland , synthesized MPPP ( a synthetic opiate related to pethidine and the prodines ) with MPTP as a major impurity , and self - injected the result .
Within three days he began exhibiting symptoms of Parkinson 's disease .
The National Institute of Mental Health found traces of MPPP , MPTP , and other pethidine analogues in his lab .
They tested the substances on rats , but due to rodents ' tolerance for this type of neurotoxin nothing was observed .
Kidston 's parkinsonism was successfully treated with levodopa but he died 18 months later from a cocaine overdose .
Upon autopsy , destruction of dopaminergic neurons in the substantia nigra was discovered . [ 84 ]
In 1982 , seven people in Santa Clara County , California were diagnosed with Parkinsonism after having used MPPP contaminated with MPTP .
The neurologist J. William Langston in collaboration with NIH tracked down MPTP as the cause , and its effects on primates were researched .
Eventually the motor symptoms of two of the seven patients were successfully treated at Lund University Hospital in Sweden with neural grafts of fetal tissue . [ 85 ]
Like MDMA , MPPP is a designer drug , but its effects are more akin to morphine or other opiates .
Despite the similarity in name , MDMA and MPPP are unrelated and should not be conflated .
MDMA drains spinal fluid [ edit ]
This myth appears to be derived from research in 1994 in which serotonin breakdown products were measured in the spinal fluid of ecstasy users .
However , it was the researchers , not the drug , who drained the fluid ( for the purpose of testing ) . [ 86 ]
Nonetheless , this legend ( and related ones about it damaging one 's spinal cord and / or spinal column , which is also false ) was popularized in 2000 by Eminem 's songs " Drug Ballad " and " The Kids " . [ 87 ]
" Stacks " — Single , double , triple etc. [ edit ]
Many ecstasy users describe the potency of various ecstasy pills in terms of their stack such as double stack or triple stack pills .
These claims are dubious as there is no way to verify potency objectively without proper testing .
The term " stack " is not intended to measure potency of ecstasy pills , but it is used as a measurement of mass .
Single stacks weigh in at 0.20 grams , doubles at 0.40 grams , and triples at 0.60 grams .
Furthermore , a high percentage of what is sold as " ecstasy " may contain a combination of MDMA and one or more other substances or may in fact contain no MDMA at all .
For these reasons , the " stack " system of strength description is not necessarily trustworthy — as is commonly the case in the underground drug market .
Methamphetamine [ edit ]
Though initially there were not very many urban legends about methamphetamine ( " crank " , " crystal meth , " " ice " ) , the " meth epidemic " of the late 1990s and early 2000s ( especially in the USA ) led to quite a few new legends .
Lung damage from recrystallization [ edit ]
One meth legend refers to the method of administration in which the user will heat / melt crystal methamphetamine and inhale the resulting methamphetamine vapor .
The legend states that the drug , once inhaled , will re-crystallize in large amounts inside the lungs , damaging them in the process .
This is a false claim as crystallized methamphetamine is always in the form of a salt ( usually methamphetamine hydrochloride ) , which is highly soluble in water , as well as hydrophilic , and is instantly absorbed into the user 's bloodstream via the alveoli .
However , intravenous methylphenidate ( Ritalin ) use results in a type of lung damage commonly known as Ritalin lung . [ 88 ]
Methylphenidate tablets are crushed and dissolved into solution for IV injection .
The tablets contain talc and other particulates which can deposit in the lung ( talcosis ) and result in severe emphysema affecting all the lobes of the lung . [ 89 ]
The " Ritalin lung " effect could be a possible source of how rumors about methamphetamine damaging the lungs could have surfaced .
Strawberry Quik [ edit ]
Another meth legend is that dealers are selling colored and flavored meth resembling candy ( often with names like Strawberry Quick , originating from an idea that dealers would mix the drug with strawberry - flavored Nesquik ) to entice children to buy it .
It was first reported in 2007 in the western United States , and children were allegedly ingesting it thinking it was candy , and ending up in the ER .
According to Snopes.com there is no hard evidence , as of October 2008 , that flavored meth is being handed out in schoolyards , nor that children are mistaking meth for candy . [ 90 ]
Heroin [ edit ]
Cotton fever [ edit ]
Cotton fever is a high fever supposedly caused by injecting cotton fibers into the bloodstream when shooting up heroin .
Cotton is sometimes used as a crude filter for particulate matter prior to IV injection .
Other commonly blamed substances include fiberglass if a cigarette filter was used ( cigarette filters do not contain fiberglass ) , or dirt if Mexican heroin was injected . [ 91 ]
In general , cotton fever refers to a fever that users believe is caused by inanimate particulate matter injected into the bloodstream .
In reality , the particulate matter causing cotton fever is bacteria from lack of sterile technique .
Most cases of cotton fever resolve as the body clears the infection .
Users will often seek medical attention when cotton fever persists .
Persistent cotton fever is often infective endocarditis .
Although endotoxin shed by the bacteria Enterobacter agglomerans , which colonizes cotton plants , has been implicated as the cause of cotton fever , [ 92 ] most clinical cases demonstrate blood cultures positive for skin and fecal bacteria .
" Cheese " or " Tylenol with Smack " is a heroin - based recreational drug that came to the attention of the media inside and outside the United States [ 93 ] after a string of deaths among adolescents in the Dallas - Fort Worth Metroplex , between 2005 and 2007 .
It is generally reported to be a mixture of heroin and Tylenol PM ( an OTC acetaminophen and diphenhydramine combination ) or its generic equivalent , in varying ratios .
It seems likely that the concept was originally created as a joke , and after seizures of low purity heroin cut with paracetamol ( acetaminophen ) " validated " the claims , the DEA issued a warning . [ 94 ]
Although the source of the original hoax is gone , newspapers and media outlets continue to make reference to each other with no mention of any primary sources , perpetuating the myth of cheese as " starter heroin " for children .
However , there may have been some ostension of this legend in 2007 involving a few individuals in Texas . [ 95 ]
In the South Park episode " Major Boobage " , which aired for the first time on 28 March , 2008 , ' cheesing ' referred to a moral panic about children using cat urine to get high .
Phencyclidine ( PCP ) [ edit ]
Embalming fluid [ edit ]
A commonly held misconception is that phencyclidine ( PCP , angel dust ) is the same as ( or is synthesized from ) embalming fluid .
Some people , believing this myth , have actually attempted to smoke cigarettes or cannabis dipped in real embalming fluid ( i.e. formaldehyde ) , which is highly toxic .
Conversely , some users of PCP - laced cannabis believe ( and are often told ) that it contains embalming fluid proper and not PCP , or that the slang term " dust " really means embalming fluid proper .
Sometimes , the two substances are even mixed together , in a further ostension of this legend . [ 96 ] [ 97 ]
The combination might be called " fry , " " wet , " " illy , " " sherm , " " worm , " " water - water , " " amp , " " dust ( ed ) , " or other names .
Rodney King was on PCP at the time of his 1991 beating and arrest [ edit ]
The Rodney King police beating case in Los Angeles was a source of much controversy and outrage , as well as urban legends .
Because King resisted arrest , with several officers needed to subdue him , he was assumed to be on PCP at the time since the drug is notorious for inciting violent and unpredictable behavior coupled with an inability to feel pain ( often misinterpreted as " superhuman " strength ) .
However , toxicology results show that the only drugs found in his system were alcohol and traces of marijuana . [ 98 ] [ 99 ]
Man slices off his face and feeds it to dogs [ edit ]
One legend holds that a man who , while under the influence of the drug , thoroughly sliced off pieces of his own face , including his eyes , to feed to his pet dogs .
Some versions of this tale say he suffered permanent brain damage as well .
This legend is remarkably similar to what the character Mason Verger did in Thomas Harris ' 1999 novel Hannibal .
The legend , however , dates back earlier than 1999 , and can be traced to former New York homicide detective Vernon J. Geberth , who writes about it in his book Practical Homicide Investigation .
According to Geberth , this actually did occur to a man named Michael , and that Geberth was one of the detectives called to the scene . " [ 100 ] A 1989 book by Dr. Joseph Sacco [ 101 ] also mentions this story , albeit with a few differences in the details .
Superhuman strength [ edit ]
Some reports cite a widely held belief that PCP can give its users " superhuman " strength for the duration of its effects , [ 102 ] and there are several anecdotes alleging this phenomenon .
However , it does not typically make the user significantly stronger in reality than they otherwise would be .
The exception is when a user experiences excited delirium , a severe and life - threatening reaction that occasionally results from use of PCP as well as various stimulants such as cocaine and amphetamines .
Excited delirium has also been reported to occur without any drug use , and the increased strength that results is most likely caused by a massive increase in adrenaline . [ 103 ]
Psilocybin mushrooms [ edit ]
Super Mario [ edit ]
One legend that is popular among both the drug and video gaming subcultures is that the mushroom powerup in Super Mario games is actually based on psilocybin mushrooms .
Somewhat lending credit to the legend , Shigeru Miyamoto , the creator of the Super Mario series , has stated that he chose mushrooms for their relationship to " magical realms " , and has drawn connections to other works featuring mushrooms with mysterious powers , such as Lewis Carroll 's Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland , a story in which eating specific mushrooms cause one to change size . [ 104 ]
The mushrooms depicted in the game ( white circles on red caps ) also have a similar appearance to Amanita muscaria which , while being quite distinct from psilocybin mushrooms ( " magic mushrooms " ) , still has hallucinogenic properties , [ 105 ] and has been used by humans for its intoxicating effects for hundreds of years .
[ 106 ]
Desomorphine ( Krokodil ) [ edit ]
There have been reports of " krokodil " — according to media reports , a street name for desomorphine , a semi-synthetic opioid which has similar strength and narcotic effect to heroin ( diacetylmorphine ) -- appearing with increasing frequency in Russia and supposedly , more recently , in the United States .
Krokodil , which has been associated with and indeed named after the severe side - effects of its use , has been described as ' flesh - eating ' or , as the name suggests , causing ' greenish and / or scale - like ' flesh in those who inject the drug .
Reports of the drug 's appearance and of the severe skin infections apparently originated in Russia ten years prior to recent appearances in the Phoenix , AZ area of the United States , in the fall of 2013 .
It was also reported in Joliet , Illinois and McHenry , Illinois in October 2013 , but no laboratory tests have confirmed that desomorphine was present in the blood , urine or tissues of hospitalized krokodil patients .
On the contrary , an October 17 , 2013 article in the Lawton Constitution quoted the Oklahoma Bureau of Narcotics as saying that reports of krokodil use on the Internet should be " taken with a grain of salt . " [ 107 ]
The article pointed out that a prior case of drug overdose in Oklahoma had been linked to krokodil , but that toxicology tests revealed no desomorphine in the victim 's body , but rather morphine , which can appear in tissue as a metabolite of heroin .
In Illinois , heroin is known to be extremely cheap and unusually pure , making it unlikely that a drug user would make or purchase krokodil .
Further , krokodil is a liquid , while heroin is a powder , and drug users would not be likely to confuse one with the other .
In the linkedin.com discussion group " Emerging Drugs of Abuse , " with 2500 members in the United States and 43 other countries , toxicology , street drug pharmacology , medical , public health and law enforcement experts expressed doubts about the validity of the krokodil reports after a wave of media stories about the appearance of krokodil in the Chicago area poured from radio , television and print sources .
The group believes that the symptoms displayed by krokodil users in the United States are due to a bacterial infection such as necrotizing fasciitis , a " flesh eating " disorder that is spread through the sharing of dirty hypodermic needles .
This and the fact that krokodil has never been identified anywhere in the world other than Russia bolster the contention that this drug is not in the US .
However , the increasing popularity of krokodil is likely related to the ability of lay persons ( with little or no chemistry training or equipment ) to chemically produce a heroin - like opiate drug , at home , using readily available solvents and internet - obtained ' recipes ' which are posted on drug forums and chat rooms .
By using the available , though dangerously unreliable , instructions , users are converting the much cheaper and easier - to - obtain drug codeine , which is often available over - the - counter or with an easily obtained prescription , into desomorphine , a much stronger opiate .
With the street price for heroin or oxycodone much higher than the cost of the codeine and chemicals , users manufacture krokodil for a cheaper , comparable high .
However , lacking proper equipment , training , and testing equipment , users are extremely unlikely to produce desomorphine in a pure form at home , and as a result end up injecting a highly impure mixture of codeine , desomorphine , and the toxic chemicals used in the crude reaction such as lye or acetone .
While studies are as yet unavailable of various samples of krokodil seized in different regions , it is likely that the drug is in fact not a single chemical , recipe , or ' designer ' drug , but rather the medical symptoms caused by the injection of toxic chemical used in a variety of ' home - bake ' drug synthesis methods , although traditionally such processes are used by methamphetamine home producers .
While there have been no detailed studies of desomorphine in its pure form publicly available , it is highly likely that it is not causing the severe inflammation , necrosis , and flesh - eating symptoms of krokodil .
Such damages are much more likely to be related to the toxic chemicals used in the crude at - home synthesis than to desomorphine itself .
There is no indication that desomorphine - one of hundreds of known opioids which differ primarily in strength and duration of action - has any unique ' qualities ' which would make it desirable to opiate users in its pure form , nor that in pure form desomorphine would cause the symptoms associated with krokodil .
More research is needed to fully define whether krokodil is a drug or a collection of symptoms associated with injecting toxic chemical by - products of home drug chemistry , but since desomorphine is one of hundreds of known opiates in a chemical family with no association to the symptoms , it is much more likely that the drug is a set of symptoms associated with the injection of household chemicals , rather than a specific drug itself .
A comparison could be made to the effects of methanol poisoning from illicitly produced alcohol during the U.S. prohibition .
Methanol was sometimes added to the distillate to enhance profits .
There are many home - based drug ' recipes ' which could , and likely do , result in users injecting highly impure , dangerous , and toxic chemicals , causing krokodil symptoms .
Although drawing attention to the dangers of trying to produce or alter drugs using kitchen chemistry and internet ' recipes ' is important and valuable , that krokodil is a single drug is unproven and highly unlikely .
Designer drugs [ edit ]
The advent of novel illegal or quasi-legal designer drugs intended as substitutes or alternatives to illegal drugs has given rise to several new legends as well .
Cannibalism from bath salts [ edit ]
In 2012 , various drugs nicknamed " bath salts " were implicated in several violent attacks , including a few cases of cannibalism .
[ 108 ]
However , the most well - known cannibal attacker from Miami , Rudy Eugene , tested negative for all drugs known to be nicknamed " bath salts " and every other known psychoactive substance except traces of cannabis . [ 109 ]
General [ edit ]
In addition to legends about specific drugs , there are also some more generic ones that are often applied to several types of drugs .
Typically , these legends involve rather morbid themes and / or targeted children , but some are told with more levity for the purpose of humor .
Drugs smuggled in baby 's corpse [ edit ]
This legend , dating back to the early 1970s and first appearing on the Internet in 1996 , claims that drug traffickers are smuggling illegal drugs ( typically cocaine ) in hollowed - out dead babies to avoid detection .
[ 110 ]
Allegedly , tourists ' babies are kidnapped , killed , cut open , filled with drugs , and sewn shut so the contraband can be more readily sneaked over the border .
However , according to U.S. Customs and other law enforcement agencies , there are no verifiable reports of this ever happening , and thus this myth is unfounded . [ 111 ]
Drug - laced candy or lollipops given to schoolchildren [ edit ]
This legend , which surfaced on the Internet just in time for Halloween in October 2004 , claimed that drug dealers were giving lollipops laced with drugs , typically a combination of THC and PCP , to unsuspecting children and causing them great harm .
Such suckers are allegedly referred to as " dro pops " or something to that effect , and various towns around the country have had their own versions of the legend . [ 112 ]
According to the U.S. DEA , suckers containing THC and / or PCP have been found and confiscated in Chicago in the spring of 2004 .
They also report that in 2003 and 2004 some psilocybin mushroom chocolate candies were seized near Amarillo , Texas , [ 113 ] and that hollowed - out lollipops filled with heroin have been seized in New York City . [ 114 ]
The goal of doing so was likely to evade detection by law enforcement by disguising the drugs as candy .
There is no evidence that these were ever given to children , much less that any such children were harmed , or even that such lollipops have been found outside of these specific locations or anywhere since early 2004 . [ 112 ]
Thus , this legend can be considered to be in a similar vein as the infamous blue star tattoo legend .
Drug-related Halloween legends [ edit ]
Related to the above legend , various drugs have also found their way into the more general and perennial Halloween poisoning legends .
Allegedly , unsuspecting trick - or - treaters are given candy ( or sometimes fruits ) laced with poisons , needles , razor blades , and drugs by strangers .
However , virtually all reports of this happening are now known to be either hoaxes , events unrelated to Halloween candy , or non-random poisonings by relatives made to look random . [ 115 ]
The latest manifestation of drug- related Halloween legends was a prediction by Sheriff Lee Baca of Los Angeles that cannabis edibles ( from medical marijuana dispensaries ) would possibly end up in the hands of trick - or - treaters on Halloween in 2010 .
Baca even went so far as to confiscate cannabis edibles from circulation in an attempt to prevent this from happening , and displayed them on television two days before Halloween .
Again , there is no evidence that cannabis - laced treats were ever given out to trick - or - treaters in 2010 or in any other year . [ 116 ] [ 117 ]
" Gnome " legend [ edit ]
Another legend involves a group of teenagers who , while drunk and / or tripping on some sort of hallucinogen , find what they perceive to be a gnome ( sometimes a dwarf , hobgoblin or smurf ) , capture it , and bring it home .
They sleep off the drug 's effects , and the next morning they find out that the " gnome " was really a lost ( and very frightened ) child .
Though the story may be told by some tellers in a negative light , it may also have a positive spin in that the teens become unwitting heroes in finding a missing child whose parents ( as well as the police ) had been unable to find .
According to Snopes.com , the legend had first surfaced in 2004 , and as of 2020 the legend 's truth status remains undetermined and unverifiable . [ 118 ]
In some versions of a legend the " gnome " is not a child but a midget or a person with Down Syndrome ; some have even gone as far to say it was a dead baby .
" Homeopathic " drug water [ edit ]
In 2004–2005 , an Internet rumor was being spread that claimed that LSD ( and other drugs ) were being diluted with water to extremely low concentrations , which allegedly made the drugs more powerful , yet cheaper and undetectable . [ 119 ]
This is related to the pseudo - scientific " Law of Infinitesimals , " one of the principles behind homeopathy .
However , there is no evidence that this actually has effects different from a placebo , or that a significant number of users or dealers were ever actually doing this .
Drug testing [ edit ]
The increasingly common practice of drug testing , especially urinalysis , has led to an increase in the number of drug users looking for ways to beat the tests , and has spawned a number of urban legends as a result .
One should note that time is the only scientifically proven method for certainly passing a test , apart from not consuming any substances at all that are likely to be tested for .
However , this does not stop users from getting creative in their attempts to somehow shorten the detection times and / or mask the contents of their fluid specimens , with varying degrees of success or lack thereof .
Secondhand exposure will cause you to fail [ edit ]
This legend is technically true but highly misleading .
According to a U.S. Army study , the amount of secondhand cannabis smoke needed to cause a false positive result ( failure ) is quite large indeed , and would require being sealed in an unventilated car or small room filled with marijuana being actively smoked ( often referred to as a " hotbox " ) for several hours .
Hair testing , however , is a different matter , particularly with passive exposure to crack / cocaine , which can deposit onto hair and be readily incorporated into it .
With regards to cannabis , however , typically only metabolites ( produced by the body and thus not found in smoke ) are tested rather than THC , so failure is unlikely to result from non-extreme passive exposure . [ 120 ] [ 121 ]
High doses of niacin will help you pass [ edit ]
Niacin , also known as Vitamin B3 , is speciously claimed by some to " burn it out " of one 's system when taken at high doses ( 250 –500 mg per day ) .
While some Internet ( and other ) sources claim that this works wonders , there is no supporting scientific evidence . [ 122 ]
Very high doses can also cause adverse side effects . [ 123 ]
This legend may have been ( inadvertently ) inspired by Narconon , a Scientology - based drug rehabilitation program that uses exercise , saunas , and dangerously high doses of niacin ( and other vitamins ) to detox .
It is also part of L. Ron Hubbard 's general Purification Rundown , which can supposedly remove pollutants as well as drug residues .
Although some drug users claim that this has worked , [ 124 ] there are currently no peer - reviewed scientific studies to back these methods up . [ 125 ]
Poppy seeds cause false positives for opiates [ edit ]
This partially true , but exaggerated , legend has been featured in several movies and television shows , such as Seinfeld and The Big Bang Theory . [ 126 ] [ 127 ]
Poppy seeds do contain trace amounts of opium alkaloids , including morphine .
Poppy seed - filled pastries ( such as hamantashen or kolaches ) , contain enough opiates to potentially cause a false positive test result , even when a fairly high cutoff level is used .
However , drug tests rarely screen for the actual drug used ; instead they detect metabolites or increased enzyme levels as markers indicative of drug use .
When substance use has been established ( and the drug type , i.e. opiate or amphetamine ) , one can then be tested to identify the specific substance by means of more expensive Gas Chromatography drug screens .
An episode of MythBusters tested this legend and found that as little as three poppy - seed bagels was enough to cause a positive result for the remainder of the day they were eaten ( though participants tested clean the following day ) .
The results of this experiment are inconclusive , however , because a test was used with an opiate cutoff level of 300 ng / mL instead of the current SAMHSA recommended cutoff level used in the NIDA 5 test , which was raised from 300 ng / mL to 2,000 ng / mL in 1998 in order to avoid such false positives from poppy seeds .[ citation needed ]
Despite these measures , false positives do still occur , such as in the case of a mother whose newborn baby was taken into care for five days after she tested positive for opiates because of an " everything " bagel from Dunkin ' Donuts . [ 128 ]
In addition , poppy seed consumption does not serve as a defense for heroin consumption .
This is because a unique metabolite ( 6- monoacetylmorphine ) is produced from heroin use that is never produced from consuming any other substance , even other opiates like the ones present in poppy seeds .
Modern tests can thus readily determine whether it was heroin or some other opiate that was ingested , should someone who had used heroin try to claim he or she merely ate poppy seeds .
It is widely believed that there is no way to distinguish between poppy seeds and any other kind of opiate .
However , a study published by the University of Connecticut 's Department of Chemistry proposed that thebaine could be used as a marker of poppy seed consumption .
They examined the urine of test subjects given 11 grams of poppy seeds , the urine of heroin users and clean urine spiked with thebaine , as a reference for GC - MS .
They also tested street heroin , one morphine tablet and one codeine tablet .
Urine specimens were screened by EMIT and confirmed for thebaine by GC - MS using a solid - phase extraction method .
Only the subjects who had consumed the poppy seeds had thebaine in their urine , with concentrations ranging from 2 to 81 ng / mL with a limit of detection of 0.5 ng/ mL .
Thebaine was not detected in any of the tested powdered drugs ( street heroin , morphine tablet , codeine tablet ) or the urine of the heroin users . [ 129 ]
See also [ edit ]
Does this outfit make me look fat ?
Bwah ha ha .
This submission comes from Dave .
The cat belongs to a friend and apparently his name is “ Chairman Meow ” and this is is favorite position to sit in .
Thanks Dave !
A State Department official says one of the nine people killed when Israeli commandos raided a Gaza - bound flotilla of pro-Palestinian activists on Monday was a 19 - year - old man with dual U.S. - Turkish citizenship .
The official identified the victim as Furkan Dogan , who was believed to have been residing in Turkey .
The official spoke on condition of anonymity because the matter has not been officially confirmed by the U.S. government .
The official said the victim had been shot but it was not clear who shot him .
He was among eight of the dead being mourned at a funeral in Istanbul Thursday .
More exact circumstances of the activists ' deaths are expected to be made clear in a ballistics examination that will take about a month to complete , Anatolia news agency reported Thursday .
An official from the Turkish Islamic charity that spearheaded the campaign to bust the blockade on Gaza identified the U.S. citizen as 19 - year - old Furkan Dogan , originally from the central Turkish town of Kayseri .
Dogan , who held a U.S. passport , had four bullet wounds to the head and one to the chest , Omer Yagmur of the Foundation of Humanitarian Relief ( IHH ) , told Anatolia .
The nine victims were all aboard the Turkish ferry , Mavi Marmara , the lead ship of the aid flotilla , where most of the violence occurred in Monday 's pre-dawn raid by Israeli forces .
The Associated Press contributed to this report .
So there 's no question that Apple is selling a ton of iPads , but would you have guessed that it 's actually selling more iPads than all Mac sales combined ?
That 's the case , at least at the moment , according to RBC Capital Markets analyst Mike Abramsky , who says that Apple is currently moving about 200,000 iPads per week , compared to 110,000 Macs -- though it still trails the iPhone , which is apparently racking up sales of 246,000 per week .
Of course , we are just talking about analyst estimates here , and things could potentially swing back into the Mac 's favor once the quarterly totals are added up .
If true , however , it 'd sure be a whopper of a milestone -- one that we'd no doubt be hearing plenty more about in , say , three weeks time
Walk into any toy store and you 'll see a " laptop " " computer " , a plastic clamshell that has all of the design cues of a notebook : keyboard , screen , some ports and switches , but none of the power .
It 's cheap enough to buy for ( and disappoint ) a kid , but it is n't of course a real computer .
It probably has a few built in games and that 's it .
The Ebay $ 37 laptop is almost that same machine , although it looks even more like the computers it pretends to be .
It runs Windows CE on a 300 MHz ARM VIA processor with 128 kb RAM and a whopping 2 GB storage .
The huge bezel around the tiny 7 - inch 800 x 480 screen has space for a pair of speakers either side , and you even get an ethernet jack and a couple USB ports ( take that , iPad ) along with Wi -Fi .
You can also slot - in an SD card .
What 's the catch ( apart from the extraordinarily underpowered internals ) ?
There appears to be none .
These are factory seconds or items which have failed quality control tests .
They may or may not come with original packaging , and they ship from Hong Kong .
Sound risky ?
C'mon .
They 're $ 37 .
What do you expect ?
It 's almost worth it just for the AC adapter ( 9 volts , if you care ) .
If you run into Nicholas Negroponte and he 's still trying to make his $ 100 OLPC , point him to this , okay ?
7 " Mini Laptop Netbook Computer Notebook WIFI WindowsCE [ Ebay via Netbook News .
Thanks , Sascha ! ]
NightFox52 5 Today I 'm going to show something hotter in reaching the goal - 2000 - countdown : 36 collected , 1964 - before the show s
Orgazm_girl 44 Discharge my toy lovense ❤️ 888 SQUIRT , 20 collected , 868 left BEFORE STRONG SQUIRT
SCinderella 10 # german #anal # squirt #tattoos # blonde # feet #bigboobs #teen make me wet with tips
hotchilijuice 45 fuck me .. untel u cummmm babe
SallySecret 242 Tip 399 token for Gallery / PVTShows will be recorded for you !
KissJenny 16 KissJenny 's chat
Lubov2712 23 Lubov2712 's chat
ViolettaRich 45 ViolettaRich's chat
KamiTia 124 987 tokens
Naked strip !
PVT&TIPMENU ACTIVE !
# bigtits #lesbian # blond #new #boobs # dildo #lush
danihothothot 181 NO TIP PM - ONLY PVT OR FULL PVT NO SPY - ASS PUSSY 200TK - TITS FEEt 100TK - Lovense vibrator starts at tips of 5 or high
PolinaPrada 534 5551 2449 collecting for a new lovens ) ) )
DOMI work from 5tk
Bella - Ela 346
Time for happy vibrations !
# lush#lovense#new#sexyteacher !
flash ass 120tks / flash pussy 160tks !
# pole#naked#sexy#dance@G
Little - letti 274 lowens vibration level !
1 - 14 tokens 3 seconds !
15-99 tokens 5 seconds !
100-499 tokens 10 seconds !
500 -999 tokens 30 sec
MS - 86 1496 PLEASE READ THE PRICE IN THE CHAT !
_
In the group - naked , caressing with fingers .
_
In private - cam2cam , pussy fuck , b
WilmaArina 260 Deep kiss
ASexyBerry 305
Hi ​guys !
​ Im ​new ​here !
​ And ​ready ​know ​everybody ​here ​ for ​fun ​and ​talk :) ​
Ketorina17 147 excite me with vibrations from 2 tok
AmnesiaXWax 95 AmnesiaXWax 's chat
- AgetnCoop - 1 Hello !
lick , just do n't be shy
FamouseBarby 161
Hi guys , welcome to my room !
VitalinaBaby 110
Hey guys , Lovense is on !
StefanySin 77 StefanySin's chat
Nentisq 27 Nentisq 's chat
PaulXHudson 1999 PaulXHudson's chat
RihannaHottie 102 RihannaHottie 's chat
ChristinaBlo 41 ChristinaBlo's chat
LynCollinsX 108 pm -10 ass - 26 , boobs - 31 , rub pussy - 36 , naked - 91 , blowjob - 69
Sweetbabylove 162 Sweetbabylove 's chat
ChloeSquirts 2096 100tk if u think i'm hot !
399tks # Squirt ; 499tk # Anal ; 450tk # DP ; # Lush On PM for Custom Videos .
Adeelynne 456 #lovense lush / C2C=100
Tok - 5 mins / Stand up 22 / Flash Ass - 101 / Flash Tits 130 / Flash Pussy 200 / Full Naked 333 /IF LOV
Emily - Willis 98 ⭐ More tips , more surprises and more #anal show !⭐
33 = 20 s wave pattern ⭐ Happy Naughty Day !
Make me #squirt and #cum
MayaNore 231 MayaNore 's chat
Mystiquehott 23 hey !
i am new here !
tip if u like me #bigass #bigtits #cumshow #young # blonde #naturalbody
Dyanne18 22 READ NOTICE FROM CHAT BEFORE YOU DEMAND !
NO PRIVATE , NO GROUP SHOW , NO ANAL , NO FINGERING , NO DEEPTHROAT , NO FEET !
I DO ON
MikyLovee 246 Welcome !Lovense
On , this toy react with your tips , you have control of my pleasure !
kisses
NatashaGrace 168
Make my bday the best one ! ❤️
rosetatt 777 Kiss :*
Ready to make your wishes come true , at goal i will cumshow squirt for you guys 2222 tokens instant squirt
TiffanySquirt 25 INTERACTIVE
TOY !
deep inside my pussy .
buzz me hard and let`s cum toghether bby kisses .
- Adora - 1 # new let '*** now eachothers guys !
#ass #boobs #pussy #naked@GOAL !
XOXO
CarmellaAngel 3 99/titts,111/pussy,222/strip,333/oil fun , lush is on so dont be shy to kiss me there ... time 4 pleasure
autumnraew 52 autumnraew 's chat
eve_angel_fit 7 Hi , #PRIVATE#OPEN , #lovense #cum # bigboobs
Make me cum
CandySweety26 44
Lush on , every 35 tkn flash , tip and make me wet and cum
PervyMonique 12 LOVENSE ACTIVE -TIP FAST AND MAKE ME CUM / BIG SQUIRT @444 GOAL / INSTANT NAKED -69 / Check my tip menu for fun / Kinky and wild i
queenkelly 130 10000
EllaSwan 126 any flash 30 tk !
more fun and naughty thinks on pvt ! big nice squirt at goal
LauraSinFull 4 LOVENSE ON#NAKED 100#FUCK PUSSY 140#ANAL 160#SQUIRT
400 #
b3 llahot 152 Squirt 2000 tk 888 # new girl here , help me get naked today :X #new #lovense #bigboobs #lush
Sweet - Amber 71 LOVENSE ON - TIP HARD AND FAST TO MAKE ME CUM HARD !
CHECK MY TIP MENU AND MAKE ME NAUGHTY FOR YOU !
WANT SOMETHING MORE NAUG
While the BP oil spill has been labeled the worst environmental catastrophe in recent U.S. history , a biofuel is contributing to a Gulf of Mexico " dead zone " the size of New Jersey that scientists say could be every bit as harmful to the gulf .
Each year , nitrogen used to fertilize corn , about a third of which is made into ethanol , leaches from Midwest croplands into the Mississippi River and out into the gulf , where the fertilizer feeds giant algae blooms .
As the algae dies , it settles to the ocean floor and decays , consuming oxygen and suffocating marine life .
Known as hypoxia , the oxygen depletion kills shrimp , crabs , worms and anything else that cannot escape .
The dead zone has doubled since the 1980s and is expected this year to grow as large as 8,500 square miles and hug the Gulf Coast from Alabama to Texas .
As to which is worse , the oil spill or the hypoxia , " it 's a really tough call , " said Nathaniel Ostrom , a zoologist at Michigan State University .
" There 's no real answer to that question . "
Some scientists fear the oil spill will worsen the dead zone , because when oil decomposes , it also consumes oxygen .
New government estimates on Thursday indicated that the BP oil spill had gushed as much as 141 million gallons since an oil - rig explosion and well blowout on April 20 that killed 11 workers .
Corn is biggest culprit
The gulf dead zone is the second - largest in the world , after one in the Baltic Sea .
Scientists say the biggest culprit is industrial - scale corn production .
Corn growers are heavy users of both nitrogen and pesticides .
Vast monocultures of corn and soybeans , both subsidized by the federal government , have displaced diversified farms and grasslands throughout the Mississippi Basin .
" The subsidies are driving farmers toward more corn , " said Gene Turner , a zoologist at Louisiana State University .
" More nitrate comes off corn fields than it does off of any other crop by far .
And nitrogen is driving the formation of the dead zone . "
The dead zone , he said , is " a symptom of the homogenization of the landscape .
We just have a few crops on what used to have all kinds of different vegetation . "
In 2007 , Congress passed a renewable fuels standard that requires ethanol production to triple in the next 12 years .
The Department of Agriculture has just rolled out a plan to meet that goal , including building ethanol refineries in every state .
The Environmental Protection Agency will decide soon whether to increase the amount of ethanol in gasoline blends from 10 percent to 15 percent .
A 2008 National Research Council report warned of a " considerable " increase in damage to the gulf if ethanol production is increased .
Pet cause of Congress
One of the authors of that report , agricultural economist Otto Doering at Purdue University , said that a 50 percent boost in the ethanol blend in gasoline will significantly raise corn prices , driving farmers to pull land out of conservation and pastureland and into corn production .
They are also likely to add more nitrogen fertilizers to boost yields .
Corn ethanol has been heavily subsidized since the Arab oil embargo in the 1970s .
Viewed by the corn industry as a lucrative market , ethanol is a perennial favorite in Congress .
Ethanol consumes two - thirds of all federal subsidies for renewable fuels , said Ken Cook , president of the Environmental Working Group , an advocacy group , leaving solar , wind and the rest to fight over the remaining third .
Corn ethanol cost taxpayers $ 17 billion from 2005 to 2009 , his group estimates .
" This is another industry that 's entirely a creature of the government , even more so than corn growing per se , " Cook said .
" The production of ethanol would n't happen at all without government subsidies and protection . "
The National Corn Growers Association ran a media blitz in Washington last week to press for the renewal of the 51 - cents - a - gallon tax credit for ethanol .
With pictures of the BP oil spill looming in the background , the Corn Growers ' video announces , " Ethanol : Now is the time . "
Conservation plan hurt
The ethanol boom over the past decade has lured farmers to withdraw millions of acres from the Conservation Reserve Program , which pays farms not to plant fragile land .
Much of this land has been returned to native prairie grasses , at taxpayer expense .
Millions more acres are up for renewal over the next few years .
" There 's been a very large - scale conversion of these CRP lands to biofuel production , " Ostrom said .
Those soils have accumulated carbon from the atmosphere and stored it , becoming " a pretty significant sink for atmospheric CO2 , " he said .
" If we suddenly start farming those soils , we basically release all of the carbon that 's been sequestered for decades , and that may more than offset any carbon benefit of switching to biofuels . "
To meet its goal of tripling ethanol production , Congress called for more cellulosic ethanol , which is made from wood , crop waste , perennial grasses such as switchgrass , and even native prairie grasses .
Perennial grasses are considered far less damaging to the environment than corn because they require less fertilizer and their roots remain in the ground , helping to stabilize the soil and reduce runoff .
But commercial production of cellulosic ethanol remains a pipe dream .
It would require large subsidies to dislodge corn ethanol .
There is no experience with commercial production of switchgrass .
Purdue 's Doering said it will require fertilizer and is likely to be planted on conservation lands and pasture instead of displacing corn .
Joan Nassauer , a professor at the University of Michigan who has studied how alternative agricultural policies could alleviate the dead zone , said cellulosic ethanol could work .
" It might be one of those win-wins , but it 's not in production yet , " she said .
" What we 've got now all over the Corn Belt is corn , and that 's definitely not a win-win . "
My last two posts were designed to stimulate discussion .
But lets talk the real problem that regulators , public companies , investor / shareholders and traders face .
The problem is that Wall Street does n’t know what business it is in .
Regulators do n’t know what the business of Wall Street is .
Investor / shareholders do n’t know what business Wall Street is in .
The only people who know what business Wall Street is in are the traders .
They know what business Wall Street is in better than everyone else .
To traders , whether day traders or high frequency or somewhere in between , Wall Street has nothing to do with creating capital for businesses , its original goal .
Wall Street is a platform .
It ’s a platform to be exploited by every technological and intellectual means possible .
The best analogy for traders ?
They are hackers .
Just as hackers search for and exploit operating system and application shortcomings , traders do the same thing .
A hacker wants to jump in front of your shopping cart and grab your credit card and then sell it .
A high frequency trader wants to jump in front of your trade and then sell that stock to you .
A hacker will tell you that they are serving a purpose by identifying the weak links in your system .
A trader will tell you they deserve the pennies they are making on the trade because they provide liquidity to the market .
I recognize that one is illegal , the other is not .
That is n’t the important issue .
The important issue is recognizing that Wall Street is no longer what it was designed to be .
Wall Street was designed to be a market to which companies provide securities ( stocks / bonds ) , from which they received capital that would help them start / grow / sell businesses .
Investors made their money by recognizing value where others did not , or by simply committing to a company and growing with it as a shareholder , receiving dividends or appreciation in their holdings .
What percentage of the market is driven by investors these days ?
I started actively trading stocks in 1992 .
I traded a lot .
Over the years I ’ve written quite a bit about the market .
I have always thought I had a good handle on the market .
Until recently .
Over just the past 3 years , the market has changed .
It is getting increasingly difficult to just invest in companies you believe in .
Discussion in the market place is not about the performance of specific companies and their returns .
Discussion is about macro issues that impact all stocks .
And those macro issues impact automated trading decisions , which impact any and every stock that is part of any and every index or ETF .
Combine that with the leverage of derivatives tracking companies , indexes and other packages or the leveraged ETFs , and individual stocks become pawns in a much bigger game than I feel increasingly less comfortable playing .
It is a game fraught with ever increasing risk .
The Pimco ( who I think are the smartest guys on the Street ) guys talk about a new normal as it applies to today ’s state of the world economy .
I think just as important is the new normal as it applies to Wall Street .
Wall Street is now a huge mathematical game of chess where individual companies are just pawns .
This is money in the bank for the big players like Goldman , Morgan , etc .
Why ?
Because the game of chess is far too complicated for 99 pct of the institutions out there investing money .
So to keep up , they turn to Goldman , Morgan and the like to invent products for them .
“ You do n’t know how to play the housing boom , let us show you ” .
“ You think the housing boom is about to crash , let us show you how to play that ” .
“ You think that PIIGS are in trouble because they ca n’t print money to pay debt holders , let us create a product to allow you to play that game ”
The big houses have the best hackers in the business and they put together the games and sell them to the many , many institutions managing Billions and Billions of dollars .
They are the ultimate Hackers selling their attacks to the highest bidder , regardless of which side they are on .
That is a new normal .
Again , I ’m not passing judgement one or the other .
I ’m just recognizing what is going on in the financial world today .
It ’s rare for companies to go public these days .
Just as rare for secondary offerings .
The only thing that keeps me in the market is that most of the stocks ( not all ) pay dividends or some other sort of cash payout .
For the first time in my life , I bought outside the United States .
I bought Australia in a big way because it is becoming increasingly hard to find new domestic investments that are not influenced by the “ hackers ” and the games being played on a macro level .
It ’s hard to believe , but evaluating countries as an investment is now easier than evaluating companies .
Even with all the unrest in Europe .
Or maybe because of it .
So back to the original question .
What business is Wall Street in ?
Its primary business is no longer creating capital for business .
Creating capital for business has to be less than 1 pct of the volume on Wall Street in any given period .
( I would be curious if anyone out there knows what percentage of transactions actually return money to a company for any reason ) .
It would n’t shock me that even in this environment that more money flows from companies to the market in the form of buybacks ( which i think are always a mistake ) , then flows into companies in the form of equity .
My 2 cents is that it is important for this country to push Wall Street back to the business of creating capital for business .
Whether its through a use of taxes on trades , or changing the capital gains tax structure so that there is no capital gains tax on any shares of stock ( private or public company ) held for 5 years or more , and no tax on dividends paid to shareholders who have held stock in the company for more than 5 years .
However we need to do it , we need to get the smart money on Wall Street back to thinking about ways to use their capital to help start and grow companies .
That is what will create jobs .
That is where we will find the next big thing that will accelerate the world economy .
It wo n’t come from traders trying to hack the financial system for a few pennies per trade .
And solutions wo n’t come from bureaucrats trying to prevent the traders from hacking the system .
The only certainty when bureaucrats step in is that the law of unintended consequences will smack us all in the head and the trader / hackers will find new ways to exploit the system that makes them big money and even more money for the big institutions that develop products for the other institutions that are desperate to play the game .
Regulators have got to start to recognize that traders are not investors and vice versa and treat them differently .
Different regulations .
Different tax structure .
Different oversight .
Individual investors and the funds that just invest in stocks and bonds are not going to crash the market .
Big traders who are always leveraging up and maximizing the number of trades / hacks they make will always put the system at risk .
We need to recognize that they do not serve much of a purpose other than to add substantial risk to the global economy .
That their stated value add of liquidity does not compensate the US and World Economy nearly enough for the risk of collapse they introduce into the system .
Wall Street as a whole needs to be in the business of creating capital for companies and selling shares to investors who believe they are shareholders .
The Government needs to create incentives for this business and extract compensation from the traders / hackers for the systemic failure level of risk they introduce .
There will be another crash , because there are too many players looking for the trillion dollar score .
They ca n’t all win , yet how many do you think would n’t risk everything , even what is not theirs , for that remote chance to score big ?
Put another way , there is zero moral hazard attached to any trade .
So why would n’t traders take the biggest risk possible ?
Update at 10 pm 5.9.10
One more consideration .
If there are traders of any kind that are unregulated or unmonitored , and trade for their own account , how do we know how big they are and how much of a threat they pose to the system , individually and in aggregate ?.
For any High Frequency or big leverage derivative folks out there - is it possible there could be firms that have billions at risk with questionable ability to make a margin call or fulfill their side of the trade if things went against them ?
Could there be hidden AIGs that few people know about or a bunch of AIG like situations , which in aggregate fail and put the system at risk ?
I have no idea .
Just asking the question .
On April 20 , 2010 , the Deepwater Horizon rig operated by BP suffered a blow - out and explosion that killed 11 workers , injured 17 more and initiated an oil spill that promises to forever change the ecologic reality of the Gulf Coast of the United States .
To date , millions of gallons of oil have been released with the current estimate of the coverage of the spill being from 2500 square miles to 7500 square miles , and the oil continues to flow from the Gulf sea floor .
This event is by far the largest spill suffered in the Gulf of Mexico and promises extensive damage to marshes and coastal resources from Louisiana to Florida .
The oil has come ashore from Grand Isle , La. , across to Panama City , Fla. , and is likely to continue to come ashore in that area and further east for months to come .
There , the damage is likely to be extensive .
Where the oil comes into the marsh , it is likely that marsh grass will die and the soil will erode prior to regrowth occurring .
In this manner , thousands of acres of marsh habitat will likely be lost .
Additionally , water quality in the onshore estuarine areas is likely to be negatively affected for months if not years to come .
These estuarine areas function as nurseries for brown and white shrimp , crabs , oysters and many species of finfish .
The effect of the spill on these nursery functions is not known at this time , but certainly could lead to a significant reduction in productivity .
The bottom line is that the likelihood is very high that the areas impacted to date will lose both marsh acreage and estuarine productivity for years to come .
Over the long term , the spill is anticipated to expand further to the east , and then down and around Florida , with some models indicating that the oil will be caught up in the Gulf Stream and taken up the East Coast of the United States and across the Atlantic toward England .
The impact of this spill on the eastern Gulf will be profound .
As for the western Gulf , despite the appearance of small amounts of oil on Galveston - area beaches last week , the Texas coast is expected to escape major damage under most scenarios .
Assuming that these scenarios are correct , it is clear that the western Gulf , most notably the Texas coast , will become , by default , the biological reserve for the United States .
Therefore , it would seem as if a strategy of maximizing the protecting and enhancement of these biological resources would be critical for long - term sustainability of the ecology and fisheries of the Gulf of Mexico and the United States .
The area of the Texas Coast from Matagorda Bay northward to the Sabine River is very similar to the areas of Louisiana , Mississippi , Alabama and Florida that are being most heavily impacted by the oil spill .
For example , the coastal tidal marsh that is being heavily impacted in Louisiana is found throughout the upper Texas coast .
More than 250,000 acres surround Sabine Lake , with 150,000 acres around the Galveston Bay system and about 100,000 acres around the Matagorda Bay system .
The same pattern is true with regard to freshwater swamps and forested floodplain forests , with about 80,000 acres around the Sabine Lake system , 40,000 acres around the Galveston Bay system and about 20,000 acres around the Matagorda Bay system .
Assuming that most of the areas similar to these are despoiled to the east of Texas , our coastal resources will become much more valuable and important .
In fact , they may become the last remaining natural marshes , swamps and flooded timberlands adjacent to the Gulf of Mexico that are unaffected by oil contamination .
In short , the long - term ecological and biological future of the Gulf of Mexico — of the micro and macro invertebrates , of the shellfish and finfish - will likely become tied to the maintenance and protection of the marshes and estuaries of the upper Texas coast .
This is a different scenario than the one where the sheer magnificence and abundance of coastal Louisiana is considered to be the most important Gulf natural resource of the United States .
Unfortunately , that abundance can no longer be taken for granted and other areas adjoining the Gulf of Mexico will become the focus of the future of the Gulf of Mexico .
To date , little effort has been directed toward the long - term maintenance and protection of the upper Texas coast .
We simply take it for granted .
In light of the spill , a new conservation direction seems necessary for the upper Texas coast .
At the least , considerable time and attention should be directed to the development of a plan for a biological and ecological preserve on the upper Texas coast .
There are several obvious steps that should be taken .
First , a comprehensive inventory of coastal lands should be conducted whereby the types of vegetation and ecological productivity of coastal lands and waters can be determined .
Second , an inventory of land ownership and potential availability should be conducted .
For purposes of this preserve , it matters not whether the interest acquired is fee or easement .
The goal is protection and management for productivity rather than access .
Third , the maintenance needs of the ecological systems need to be identified and secured .
Among other things , such needs would include adequate freshwater inflow to maintenance estuarine health and productivity , pollution control and fishery management issues .
Over the long - term , these areas need to be alive and functioning .
Finally , there is the question of management of impacts to these resources .
The Gulf oil spill was caused in part because of the failure of the federal government to provide adequate oversight of offshore drilling .
However , offshore drilling is only one of many activities overseen by state and federal governments .
There needs to be a coordinated effort to understand the cumulative impacts of many interrelated actions and to manage those actions so that we protect our resources for the future .
The Deepwater Horizon blow - out and resulting oil spill will rank forever as a national tragedy .
It has changed the ecological dynamics and realities of the Gulf of Mexico .
We need to act quickly and efficiently to take those steps necessary to protect and maintain the ecological integrity of the upper Texas coast .
We need a biological preserve sooner rather than later .
And we need an efficient plan to manage and protect our coastal resources for future generations .
Blackburn is a Houston attorney specializing in environmental issues .
Image caption Saramago explored the human condition through his works
Portuguese novelist Jose Saramago , who won the Nobel Prize for literature in 1998 , has died at the age of 87 , his publisher has announced .
Saramago , a communist and atheist , only began to become recognised for his work in his fifties .
One of his best - known novels is Blindness , written in 1995 , which tells the story of a country whose entire population lose their sight .
He had been due to appear at Edinburgh 's book festival in August .
Saramago moved to Lanzarote in the early 1990s after opposition from Portugal 's right - wing government to his controversial work The Gospel According to Jesus Christ .
The administration barred his work from being entered in the European Literary Prize on the grounds that it was offensive to Catholics .
International acclaim
His first novel , published in 1947 , was the commercially unsuccessful Terra do Pecado - or Country of Sin - a tale of peasants in crisis .
Every time I finish a book I wait for another idea , it may not come this time , we shall see Saramago speaking last year
He returned to fiction later in his life and first won international acclaim with 1983 fantasy Memorial do Convento - published in English in 1988 as Baltasar and Blimunda .
Saramago 's final book , Caim - with the English title Cain - was published at the end of last year .
Earlier in the year , El Cuaderno , or The Notebook - a compilation of blog entries including criticism of Tony Blair and the Pope - was published .
Speaking to BBC News last June , Saramago said : " I may have three , four years more to live , maybe less .
" Every time I finish a book I wait for another idea , it may not come this time , we shall see . "
The High Court of Justice decided Friday to postpone its deliberations regarding the 24 ultra-Orthodox parents who failed to arrive for their two - week jail sentencing , after being charged with ignoring a High Court of Justice order to send their daughters to school with girls of Middle Eastern origin .
next previous 10 of 10 | Israel 's Border Police prepare for an ultra-Orthodox protest in Bnei Brak against a court ruling banning Ashkenazi - Sephardi segregation in a religious settlement school for girls , on June 17 , 2010 .
Credit : Motti Kimche 1 of 10 | Ultra-Orthodox men protest in Bnei Brak against a court ruling banning Ashkenazi - Sephardi segregation in a religious settlement school for girls , on June 17 , 2010 .
Credit : Motti Kimche 2 of 10 | Ultra-Orthodox women in Bnei Brak watch a protest against a court ruling banning Ashkenazi - Sephardi segregation in a religious settlement school for girls , on June 17 , 2010 .
Credit : Motti Kimche
The deliberations will now be held on Sunday morning , despite the Israel Police 's attempt to seek arrest warrants for those evading jail time .
Thirty - five men , fathers to the Ashkenazi girls attending an illegally segregated school in the West Bank settlement of Immanuel , arrived at the Ma'asiyahu prison earlier Thursday evening to serve a two - week sentence .
But two other fathers and 22 mothers also sentenced failed to show at the Jerusalem police headquarters as ordered by the court .
The parents of Ashkenazi ( European ) descent at the all girls ' school have refused to let their daughters study with classmates of Middle Easten and North African descent , known as Sephardim .
The Ashkenazi parents insist that they are not racist , but want to keep the classrooms segregated - as they have been for years - on the grounds that the Sephardi families of are not religious enough .
The Supreme Court has rejected that argument and ruled that the 43 sets of parents who defied the integration efforts by keeping their daughters from school were to be jailed .
The parents were required to either return their daughters to school and refrain from discrimination , or face jail time .
The court has permitted the parents to defer the jail term of one of the parents until the other parent completes their term so that their children will not remain unsupervised .
The court has also exempted the mothers of children with special needs .
The prison term of one mother , who signed an agreement to comply with the court 's ruling , has been overturned .
Open gallery view
An ultra-Orthodox father enters jail for ignoring a court ruling on segregated schools , Jerusalem , June 18 , 2010 Credit : Daniel Bar-On
Dozens of ultra-Orthodox protesters were waiting for the fathers at the prison as they were brought for sentencing , holding a prayer session and singing songs while the bus entered the prison gates .
100,000 Haredim protest for right to segregated education
More than 100,000 ultra-Orthodox demonstrators thronged the streets of Jerusalem earlier Thursday in support of the Ashkenazi parents ' right to keep their children in classes segregated from their Sephardi peers .
It was one of the largest ultra-Orthodox demonstrations in recent years .
Israel Police Commissioner David Cohen welcomed the peaceful mass demonstration , telling officers at a meeting aimed at evaluating the situation : " The ultra -Orthodox public and its leaders have proven , thus far , that it is possible to protest while abiding by the law . "
" I hope that the restraint that we saw today will characterize all of the confrontations between the police and the haredi public , and other groups , of which we 've had quite of few late , " he added .
When the parents arrived at the police headquarters in Jerusalem 's Russian Compound earlier Thursday , one of the fathers declared : " I am going to jail with great excitement and joy over the support we 've received ...
We are making sure our children get the best education possible . "
When asked what will become of his children while he is jail , the father said : " We have gotten calls from friends we forgot existed in recent days .
Everyone had offered to take care of our children while we are serving our terms .
The people of Israel are beginning to understand that even though we are different , we are not so bad .
We 're not racist . "
During their day - long protest , the ultra-Orthodox demonstrators snarled traffic in Jerusalem and in the city of Bnei Brak near Tel Aviv , crowding onto balconies in city squares , waving posters decrying the court 's decision and proclaiming the supremacy of religious law .
Some of the Ashkenazi protesters attempted during the rally to attack Sephardi Rabbi Ya'akov Yosef , son of Shas spiritual leader Rabbi Ovadia Yosef and a leading figure against the discrimination .
Yosef 's students managed to guard their teacher , who had also been subject to an attempted attack during protests on Wednesday evening .
The protest in Bnei Brak began at 1 P.M. and ended just before 3 P.M.
The protesters then began accompanying the bus that would bring the parents to the police headquarters in Jerusalem , to join forces with the thousands of people rallying there .
Dozens of the pro-segregation parents were to stand on the pedestrian bridge over Jerusalem 's Bar Ilan Street wearing signs saying " prisoner sanctifying the name of heaven . "
Police had issued permits for 20,000 people to demonstrate in Jerusalem .
Heads of yeshivas and schools were urged by leading Ashkenazi rabbis to cancel classes Thursday so students could attend the protest .
A leading spokesman of Israel 's modern Orthodox stream on Thursday urged religious Zionists not to take part in the mass protests , regardless of the political price they may pay in the future for refusing to support the movement .
" I can not take part in the racism and discrimination that is taking place , which is just the tip of the iceberg , " said Rabbi Yuval Sherlo , who heads the joint army - yeshiva program in Petah Tikva .
Religious Zionism must " return to its historic role " and bring both sides to a compromise .
" It 's impossible to claim that this is Jewish law or that it is sanctifying the name of God , " he said .
A VAST majority of Queenslanders in the southeast want to trial daylight saving and have a referendum on the issue .
But their cousins outside of the southeast corner are as passionately opposed to the concept , according to results from a state government online poll .
Premier Anna Bligh said the result indicates that there is not enough momentum for change .
" Frankly , I am a bit surprised , " she said .
Ms Bligh said it was difficult to justify spending public money on a referendum if there was n't an expectation of a change .
The poll , in which 74,000 people responded was split along regional lines .
67 per cent of people in the southeast are in favour of a referendum .
65 per cent of those in the regions are opposed .
70 per cent of people in the southeast want a trial of split time zones for the southeast
76 per cent of regional Queenslanders are opposed to such a trial .
In answer to the question on having a referendum on split timezones , 63 per cent were in favour , 35 percent against and 2 per cent undecided .
In answer to whether Queensland should trial daylight saving in the southeast corner , 64 per cent said yes , 34 per cent said no and 2 per cent were undecided .
The survey results will be discussed at a Labor caucus meeting on Monday when it will be decided how Government MPs will vote on the issue when a bill proposing both a trial and referendum is tabled in Parliament in the coming weeks .
The political group leader who reignited the call for daylight saving wants Premier Bligh to lock in October 3 as the time to start a split time - zone trial .
Jason Furze from Daylight Saving for South East Queensland said the date would be in line with other states that already had daylight saving .
`` Let 's make the call today , '' Furze said .
`` It 's a contentious issue .
The only way to find out what every Queenslander wants is to ask them the question by referendum . ''
Independent MP Peter Wellington has introduced a private member 's Bill to have a referendum on daylight saving for the southeast , saying the state had never tried dual time zones .
Furze had said that if the online poll result was 50 - 50 or above a trial and a referendum were warranted .
`` It 's proven once again this is an issue and a problem , '' he said .
`` This issue is not going to go away until it 's adequately resolved and a dual time zone may be that adequate solution . ''
A spokesman for Bligh said an analysis of the survey responses revealed a huge divide in attitudes between regional and southeast Queenslanders .
`` While 67 per cent of southeast Queensland respondents were in favour of a referendum , 65 per cent of those in the regions were opposed , '' the spokesman said .
``Similarly , 76 per cent of regional Queenslanders were opposed to a trial for the southeast corner , compared to 70 per cent of SEQ respondents who were in favour . ''
Furze said lack of information about any potential boundaries for a dual time zone probably affected the vote .
with mX
Originally published as Sun sets on daylight saving
> On Thursday , the South Korean government announced that the warship it lost in March was sunk by a torpedo attack from North Korea .
While South Korea , Japan , and the United States discuss punitive action , North Korea has threatened " all - out war " if new sanctions are imposed .
This saber - rattling by the desperately poor North should not be a surprise , says Kongdan Oh , co-author of The Hidden People of North Korea ; it is simply the most recent provocation by a regime that needs an external state of crisis in order to justify its repressive internal rule .
With international pressure mounting on China , the North 's closest friend and benefactor , the regime of Kim Jong Il has achieved just that .
The Atlantic spoke with Oh , who is also a non-resident senior fellow at the Brookings Institution , about the crisis and what the North is hoping to accomplish .
We know that South Korea has provided compelling evidence that North Korea was responsible for the torpedo .
Can you describe specifically what it was that convinced the investigators ?
First , it is credible due to the accuracy and objectivity of the combined investigation team , which involved almost 25 experts from Korea , the United States , Australia , UK , and Sweden .
Those are heavy - weights ; it was n't just one or two investigators from Korea .
It was global and its level of expertise level was very deep .
Their significant discovery was the propeller part that was used in the torpedo .
It was obviously a design that North Korea has been using .
They were n't caught on the spot , but with all evidence in hand , it shows this is quite close to an iron - clad case .
Why would the North have done this ?
As I have been telling the world for the last 15 or 20 years , the internal political dynamic in North Korea is such that they constantly need a crisis .
The regime was built on lies .
And the two leaders , Kim and Kim , created one of the worst -- or best -- cults of personality , perpetuating that they are the most brilliant strategic leaders and the entire world is kow - towing to them .
That is a foundation of their propaganda .
North Korea is basically a failed state -- their basic economy is bankrupt .
The military industrial economy is only 30 percent functioning .
Other than Kim Jong 's palace economy and slush fund , the economy does n't exist .
In this state , the leader needs a tool to propagate why he should be in charge of the country .
Today , a lot of people know that South Korea is not a slave to the Americans and the Korean economy may even be catching up with the Japanese economy .
Information seeps through .
So the North Korean regime needs more crisis .
The ordinary kind of crisis will not be satisfactory , given the grumbling of the technocratic level of mid-class elite who see the North 's declining power and know that there is no way out .
So the regime has to create a fear of an imminent dangerous and war - like situation so the country will be united in solidarity under the leadership of Kim Jong Il .
That 's the internal dynamic .
For years , it has been one crisis after another .
What is the North 's larger strategy -- what are they trying to achieve ?
In 1994 , North Korea created a nuclear crisis and we signed an agreed framework , and then of course there were accusations about whether the US was fulfilling the agreed framework on time .
North Korea blamed the U.S. , but basically North Korea broke the agreed framework .
They conducted two nuclear tests and many missile tests .
So they found out that bluffing , or creating a crisis through resolute militant operation , is maybe the way to sustain global attention , get aid , get diplomatic recognition , put to the UN that North Korea is a country to be reckoned with .
Is this ultimately a successful long - term strategy ?
I do n't think so , because I think the Americans are getting smarter , and students of North Korean affairs are getting angry .
But so far , with limited options , North Korea has been pursuing this and they have been gaining rather than losing .
So , what should the U.S. government keep in mind as it plans a response ?
A lot of issues -- diplomatic , military , economy , social , political -- are on the table .
I think China is a problem ; everyone needs to show solidarity that this kind of provocation in peace time is close to an act of war .
It can not be tolerated .
It means you have to impose sanctions , and in particular , tighten the sanctions that block Kim Jong Il 's slush fund .
That might be the most effective .
In addition , for the last 10 years , South Korea has let North Korean vessels pass through the Cheju corridor .
That should be stopped .
But most important , the investigators need to deliver their report very formally to China and say look , if you want to be a great power in the 21st century , you are dealing with a gangster , and you should stop helping them .
That is another form of sanction .
Why is the North denying responsibility ?
How is it a show of strength if they do n't admit it was them ?
They always deny .
They always say , American and Korean hooligans created a comic farce and they fabricated evidence .
Even if you caught them with blood on their hands , they would claim it was paint .
Does this imply any further danger to South Korea -- or to other countries in the region ?
There is always danger , unfortunately , until North Korea disappears from the global map and the two Koreas are united .
South Korea is very vulnerable because of its geographic location .
Because of that , the U.S. has been very prudent not to trigger any war - like act .
And North Korea knows it ; it is the Achilles ' heel for both countries .
On April 26 , 1986 , the worst nuclear accident in history occurred when a reactor exploded at the Chernobyl nuclear power plant in Ukraine , releasing 90 times the radioactivity of the atomic bombs dropped on Hiroshima and Nagasaki .
Sixteen years later , award - winning filmmaker Maryann De Leo took her camera to ground zero , following the devastating trail radiation leaves behind in hospitals , orphanages , mental asylums and evacuated villages .
The Academy Award® - winning documentary short debuts immediately after the America Undercover special " Indian Point : Imagining the Unimaginable " .
Following Adi Roche , founder of Ireland 's Chernobyl Children 's Project , CHERNOBYL HEART opens in the exclusion zone , the most radioactive environment on earth .
From there , Roche travels to Belarus , home to many of the children she seeks to aid .
The film reveals those hardest hit by radiation , including thyroid cancer patients and children suffering from unfathomable congenital birth and heart defects .
Despite the fact that 99 % of Belarus is contaminated with radioactive material , many people refuse to leave their homes behind .
Asked why he would not move , the father of a radiation victim replies , " To leave the motherland where you were born and raised , where your soul is connected to the earth - I would not want to .
To move to a new place is difficult , especially in terms of a job in Belarus and abroad . "
In Belarus , only 15 - 20 % of babies are born healthy .
Roche comforts children who are born with multiple holes in their heart , a condition known in Belarus as " Chernobyl heart . "
A lucky few will have their heart problems fixed by Dr. William Novick , who heads the International Children 's Heart Foundation , a non-profit organization dedicated to helping children with congenital or acquired heart disease in developing countries throughout the world .
After saving the life of a young girl suffering from Chernobyl heart and being humbled by her parents ' gratitude , Dr. Novick affirms , " I appreciate this is a bit of a miracle for them ... but we have a certain responsibility to these kids . "
Fidel Castro was once asked to define the difference between democracy in Cuba and the United States .
" I do n't have to answer questions from Helen Thomas , " the old revolutionary replied .
The grand dame of the White House press corps , who outlasted nine American presidential administrations – and Castro 's rule – was finally forced to halt her determined , often opinion - laden questioning and into retirement this week over comments on the issue closest to her heart , the Middle East .
There were no fond farewells for the 89 - year - old reporter remembered as a trailblazer for women in journalism but also as a grumpy old contrarian .
Her front - row seat in the White House briefing room , in recent years uniquely tagged with her own name rather than that of an organisation , was left empty .
Reporters who variously described Thomas as cranky , stubborn and opinionated said they were n't surprised she 'd finally overstepped the mark when she told a rabbi that Jews should " get the hell out of Palestine " and " go home " to Poland and Germany .
But the torrent of anger and criticism was tempered by Thomas ' lofty status .
By the time of her resignation she had clocked up many firsts : first female officer of the National Press Club and first female president of the White House Correspondents ' Association .
She worked as a White House reporter for far longer than any other – for half a century .
She was probably also the first White House correspondent to have a birthday cake delivered by a president , when Barack Obama arrived bearing cup cakes ( they share a birthday ) .
Thomas joined United Press International in 1943 when it was still a major force in American journalism .
She was 23 and had not long left Detroit , where she grew up to Lebanese immigrant parents .
Her first job for UPI was reporting on women 's issues .
She wrote a celebrity column then moved to cover the justice department , FBI and other federal agencies .
She was assigned to cover then President - elect John F Kennedy in late 1960 and so began a reputation for relentless questioning that exasperated American leaders .
Kennedy said of her : " Helen would be a nice girl if she 'd ever get rid of that pad and pencil . "
It was a sentiment echoed down the decades .
" Is n't there a war somewhere we could send her to ? " Colin Powell , the former US secretary of state , once asked .
Thomas 's determined questioning and forthright reporting chipped away at what had long been an all - male and all - white club of reporters that was often regarded as far too cosy with the officials they were writing about , and still is .
For many years she was frequently the only woman in the room .
In a photograph of White House correspondents questioning President Lyndon Johnson , Thomas is the only female face .
She was also the only female print reporter among the journalists accompanying President Richard Nixon on his historic visit to China in 1972 .
Barbara Walters was there as part of the NBC television news team .
She became one of the instantly recognised faces on television at presidential press conferences .
She was so well known that she played herself in two films , Dave and The American President .
Thomas quit UPI in 2000 after it was bought by the Moonie leader , Reverend Sun Myung Moon .
She called the purchase " a bridge too far " .
She had worked for the agency for 57 years , nearly half of them as UPI 's White House bureau chief .
That might have been the end of her career .
She said she had planned to " hang up my daily news spurs " at the time .
But she was approached by Hearst newspapers with an offer to become a columnist .
" I gratefully said , why not ?
After all those years of telling it like it is , now I can tell it how I want it to be .
To put another point on it , I get to wake up every morning and say , ' Who am I mad at today ? ' " she wrote in her memoir Thanks For The Memories , Mr President .
Many of her colleagues were surprised to hear that she regarded herself as having held back until then .
But first there was the question of her seat in the front row of the White House briefing room .
Technically it should have gone to someone from one of the major news organisations .
But Sam Donaldson , the boisterous former White House correspondent for ABC news , said she kept it because no one could imagine asking her to move to the back of the room .
That marked another first for Thomas – an opinion columnist in a reporter 's seat in the White House briefing room .
Her colleagues noticed an even more strident and opinionated tone to her questioning .
President George Bush had just taken power in a disputed election .
In the coming years , Thomas made no secret of her opposition to the war in Iraq , offering a determined line of questioning that some of her colleagues appeared to shy away from in the post 9/11 atmosphere in America .
In 2002 , she asked a question that few others at the White House would have dared : " Does the president think that the Palestinians have a right to resist 35 years of brutal military occupation and suppression ? "
Her questions were sometimes deemed to be so laden with hostile opinion that one of Bush 's press secretaries , Ari Fleischer , once said : " We will temporarily suspend the Q&A portion of today 's briefing to bring you this advocacy minute . "
But she has not been averse to giving liberal presidents a hard time too .
Scott Wilson , White House correspondent for the Washington Post , said Thomas did not go easy on Obama .
" She did have a knack for trying to hold this administration accountable , particularly for its Middle East policy .
She asked the question about which countries in the Middle East have nuclear weapons , " he said " They could n't not take her seriously .
Her questions demanded an answer . "
Mostly they did n't get one , but that was no less frustrating for those on the receiving end .
" What 's the difference between your foreign policy and Bush's ? " she asked the presidential press secretary , Robert Gibbs .
A fortnight ago she challenged the president over what is increasingly known as " Obama 's war " .
" When are you going to get out of Afghanistan ? " she asked .
" Why are we continuing to kill and die there ?
What is the real excuse ?
And do n't give us this Bushism , ' If we do n't go there , they 'll all come here ' . "
She was no less forthright in offering her opinion on the recent Israeli attack on the Gaza flotilla , calling it a " deliberate massacre and international crime " .
The New York Times said in its story about her resignation that two sets of rules applied to reporters covering the president : " those for the regular White House correspondents , and those for Helen Thomas . "
But an alternative view might be that Thomas was a courageous voice in an often craven White House press corps .
Even if White House correspondents sometimes grew exasperated with her , some said they respected her pedigree and generally put her shortcomings down to age .
She grew so frail that other reporters had to help her walk from her desk to her chair in the briefing room , and she would sometimes fall asleep .
She appeared less and less at the daily briefings .
Perhaps the best evidence that Thomas had lost touch was her failure to understand the consequences of saying that Israel 's Jews should go back to Poland and Germany to a rabbi with a video camera at a White House event to mark Jewish heritage month .
It is possible that given her Lebanese background , that is what she has thought all along .
But she should not have been surprised at the storm of protest .
Donaldson , who describes Thomas as a friend , said that while he would not defend her comments they probably reflect the views of many people of Arab descent .
He then called her a " pioneer " for women .
" No one can take that away from Helen , " he said .
You are welcome to wear gloves or gratuitously tape your hands while working out in our box .
But as a general rule , I strongly recommend against both .
Here ’s why .
In many of our days gone by at the Globo - Gym , gloves were as integral to the experience as bench press on Mondays and the yes / no machine for inner and outer thigh work .
We work with barbells and pullup bars in CrossFit , and we want to grip them as best we can , so it makes sense to wear gloves , right ?
Is there such a thing as Cross Fit gloves ?
Not exactly .
The problem is two - fold .
First , unless you wear gloves throughout your daily life , at some point you will have to rely on the pure , unadulterated gripping power of your bare - skinned hands to perform work .
This requirement is best trained in the gym before you are faced with it in the outside world .
Many gloves or glove - like systems also transfer some of your weight more directly onto your wrists rather than through the skin of your palm and fingers .
While these tools are not without their uses , I recommend developing that capability into your own hands as much as possible .
Unfortunately , the only way to develop hard hands from soft hands is to work them to the point of breaking …over and over again .
Much like CrossFit and the rest of life , there are no easy results .
Sorry .
The second problem is that anything between your hands and the object you are gripping reduces your proprioception — your ability to know where the object is in space relative to your body .
For a slow movement like back squat this is n’t a big deal .
For a fast , coordinated movement like a clean it becomes a much bigger deal .
Admittedly , this is n’t going to cause drastic differences in your abilities .
However , if you are trying to refine your technique or achieve your absolute 1 RM , then you need every advantage on your side … and you definitely do n’t want the disadvantage of gloves .
My opinion on using tape is similar , but in practice tape is often used in a slightly better way .
Most athletes use tape to cover a portion of their hands that is already torn or will likely be torn by the upcoming workout .
Not always a bad idea .
Finally , when should you wear gloves or tape ?
Gloves : almost never .
Only wear gloves if you would be completely unwilling or incapable of performing the workout otherwise .
If your hands are so trashed from a previous WOD that you need full gloves to workout today , then by all means , put on the gloves and let ’s keep going .
If your hands are not torn then gloves are not warranted — sorry .
You can absolutely still wear them if you wish , but I think your long - term fitness would be best served by removing them , and I would be doing you a disservice if I did n’t tell you that .
Oh , and do n’t even think about wearing gloves while climbing a rope .
Your grip will just plain suck .
If you do n’t believe me , try it .
Tape : wear it to protect an existing wound from becoming worse .
It ’s difficult to keep training and advancing our fitness when our hands are shredded .
Use tape to cover specific wounds that would be made worse from your upcoming workout .
You want a continuous cycle of adaptation : microinjury followed by repair and supercompensation .
Continuously damaging without pausing for repair is counterproductive , so if your mind and muscles are ready to train but your hands are not then use some tape to protect them .
However , creating a virtual glove out of tape is no different than wearing gloves , so be judicious .
In conclusion , you want your hands to experience stress when you exercise .
The skin on your hand can benefit from adaptation just like your muscular , skeletal , and nervous systems .
Your hands ca n’t experience stress and adaptation if you do n’t expose them to harsh conditions .
So take off the gloves and tape and start getting your hands dirty .
I ’m reading Nicholas Carr ’s “ The Shallows ” , and thoroughly enjoying it .
Whether I agree with everything he says or not , he is eloquent and thought - provoking .
Google ’s Silicon Valley headquarters … is the Internet ’s high church , and the religion practiced inside its walls is Taylorism .
The company , says CEO Eric Schmidt , is “ founded around the science of measurement . ”
It is striving to “ systematize everything ” it does .
“ We try to be very data - driven , and quantify everything , ” adds another Google executive …
What Taylor did for the work of the hand , Google is doing for the work of the mind .
How the Neda film went viral Mentorn Media for HBO
Iran is jamming satellite broadcasts in attempts to stop people seeing a new film telling the story of Neda Agha - Soltan , the young woman who was shot dead during the mass protests that followed last summer 's disputed presidential election .
Viewers in Tehran complained of jamming and power cuts on Wednesday and yesterday when the Voice of America Persian TV network broadcast the documentary For Neda , featuring the first film interviews with the family of the 27 - year - old .
The 70 - minute film , made by Mentorn Media for HBO and being screened in the US this month , has rapidly gone viral in Iran in the run-up to next Saturday 's anniversary of the disputed elections that triggered the protests .
It is available on YouTube so can be seen by anyone with access to the internet .
Street protests began shortly after the polls closed on 12 June last year , when the incumbent hardliner , Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , claimed victory over the Green movement leader , Mir Hossein Mousavi , triggering claims that the vote had been rigged .
Neda became an instant symbol of Iran 's struggle for democracy .
On 20 June , within hours of her killing – described as " probably the most widely witnessed death in human history " – mobile phone images of her bloodstained face were being held up by demonstrators in Tehran and all over the world .
The film was directed by Antony Thomas and co-produced by Saeed Kamali Dehghan , a former Guardian correspondent in Iran .
Kamali Dehghan risked arrest to interview Neda 's parents and siblings and obtain unseen footage of her life .
Witnesses have said that she was shot in the heart by a sniper with the Basij militia force , who has been named as Abbas Kargar - Javid .
Iran 's intelligence ministry is reportedly due to release its own documentary to remove " ambiguities " surrounding her death and provide " new evidence " about what it calls the west 's version of events .
Neda 's family were under pressure to cooperate with the official documentary but refused .
Two of her friends were forced to participate .
It is not clear whether the official film is the same as one produced earlier this year by Iranian state TV .
That suggested that Neda was an agent of the US and Britain who staged her own death and poured blood on her face .
BBC Tehran correspondent Jon Leyne was also blamed for her killing before being expelled .
HBO says it took the unprecedented decision to pre-release the film for Iranian audiences because of its relevance in the run-up to the anniversary of the polls .
Ahmadinejad today warned the opposition of tough measures , ahead of protests next week .
" Those who want to tarnish the image of the country and its system will be removed from the [ political ] scene , " he said in a speech marking the 21st anniversary of the death of Ayatollah Khomeini , architect of the 1979 Islamic revolution , which toppled the shah .
" The election last year was the most democratic in the world as nowhere else would 40 million people turn up for elections , " he claimed .
Ahmadinejad pledged : " Whoever stands against the Islamic system will not survive . "
Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , Khomeini 's successor as supreme leader , boasted that Iran , facing new UN sanctions over its nuclear programme , was in a position to " see off any conspiracies " .
Mehdi Karroubi , a defeated reformist candidate , was attacked and heckled by hardliners when he visited the shrine yesterday .
" Whoever objects to fraud in the election is accused of being a Mossad or CIA agent , " he said .
" The fate of the election is in the hands of the Basijis and revolutionary guards . "
Karroubi warned on his website that the Islamic regime was being ruined .
" They speak as if Imam [ Khomeini ] belongs to them only and others have broken path with the imam . "
BP market plunge wipes billions off UK pension funds as shares in oil giant suffer fresh falls
Billions wiped off the value of UK pension funds
BP 's market value down 17 % at one point
Company to promise shareholder dividend
BP shares suffered fresh falls today as the beleaguered company battled to shut down its massive oil leak in the Gulf of Mexico .
The oil giant 's market value was down another 3 per cent in early trading amid mounting speculation about its future .
Its share price fell to 417.10 p , a new low after huge losses yesterday saw it plunge 17 per cent when the London markets opened after the holiday weekend .
Although the price recovered in the afternoon , £ 12 billion was wiped off the value of its shares .
Billions of pounds have also been wiped off the value of pension funds due to the extraordinary decline of one of Britain 's biggest companies .
BP is a key stock for many UK pension fund investments and its share fall will inevitably leave Britain 's pensioners poorer .
Alan Smith , pensions expert and chief executive of financial planning firm Capital Asset , said as well as being a disaster for BP it was also a disaster for pensioners .
' Most pension funds will undoubtedly have exposure to BP an will be affected by this , ' he said .
' If the company were to halve in value this could lead to pension values going down by one or two per cent .
' Pretty much every pension fund in the country owns a bit of BP and it has now fallen some £ 45 billion in value . '
He also warned that the funds would sink even further as the markets continued to struggle .
Desperate : Technicians using a robotic saw on the Deepwater Horizon oil leak
The share collapse means a £ 15,000 - a- year pension will be cut by up to £ 400 a year with possibly worse to come .
Despite the plunge in BP 's value , the company is still expected to promise shareholders their annual dividend will be maintained .
Last year the company paid out more than £ 10 billion .
Last night the White House said the British company is big enough to survive the financial cost of the spill , even as shares plunged .
One analyst claimed the British company had ' the smell of death ' .
But , asked during a news briefing if the Obama administration was concerned BP could be financially ruined due to the oil spill , White House spokesman Robert Gibbs said it was big enough to absorb the expense .
" You 've got a company with the type of market capitalization that can and will fully pay for the damage caused by the disaster they are responsible for , " he said .
The news came as the U.S. government launched a criminal probe into the oil spill .
Federal agencies , including the FBI , are participating in the probe and ' if we find evidence of illegal behaviour , we will be forceful in our response ' , U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder said .
US President Barack Obama said that if laws had been broken , those responsible would be brought to justice .
BP will begin a new and risky plan to funnel oil from the well to the surface today .
Robots will begin cutting through the top of the well 's lower marine riser package , and it could take up to 72 hours to get the containment device operational .
Yesterday 's results meant the company 's stock has fallen £ 42 billion - more than a third of its value - since the fatal oilrig explosion six weeks ago .
Barrier : BP contract workers lay down an absorbent boom to clean up the marsh west of Lake Felicity near Cocodrie , Louisiana
Threat : Louisiana National Guardsmen put together a Tiger Dam to protect Grand Isle from encroaching oil coming in with the high tide
With no end to the environmental nightmare in sight , some analysts are predicting BP may not survive .
' This situation has now gone far beyond concerns of BP 's chief executive being fired , or shareholder dividend payouts being cut - it's got the real smell of death , ' said Dougie Youngson , oil analyst at Arbuthnot Securities , a London - based investment banking firm .
' The key question is now " can BP survive ? "
' We are very negative on the prospects for BP and this situation has a real possibility breaking the company .
' Given the collapse in the share price and the potential for it to fall further , we expect it could become a takeover target - particularly if its operating position in the U.S. becomes untenable .'
The blue chip heavyweight 's decline dragged the wider market down in London , with the FTSE 100 falling 108.7 points to 5079.7 .
BP boss Tony Hayward has vowed to clean up ' every drop ' of oil .
But the calamity has cost the company up to £ 700 million and the eventual bill is expected to top £ 15 billion if the leak continues into August as expected .
The London - based firm has received 30,000 insurance claims and made 15,000 payouts totalling £ 30 million .
After abandoning the doomed top kill plan at the weekend , BP engineers were working yesterday on a new ' cut and cap ' operation to siphon some of the 800,000 gallons of oil a day gushing from the undersea well up to tankers on the surface .
The initial step to sever the ruptured pipeline was expected to go ahead late last night or this morning to make it easier for a snug - fitting cap to be fitted over it .
Remote - controlled robots were being used to carry out the tricky operation .
But the White House has warned that if this latest venture fails , it could result in boosting the flow of crude by 20 per cent by removing resistance the pinched pipe may have created .
The one solution that seems likely to work - drilling relief wells to intercept the oil below the damaged well - wo n't be completed for two months .
About 120 miles of Louisiana coastline have been contaminated by slicks and tar balls and a quarter of fishing areas have been closed off .
With hurricane season about to hit the region , residents fear the oil could be washed inland .
President Obama yesterday vowed again that BP would pay the financial bill for the ' greatest environmental disaster of its kind in our history ' .
Damage : A map from the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration shows the size of the spill .
Darker areas represent a thicker concentration of oil in the water
A new study suggests that prehistoric birds of prey made meals out of some of our earliest human ancestors .
Researchers drew this conclusion after studying more than 600 bones from modern - day monkeys .
They had collected the bones from beneath the nests of African crowned eagles in the Ivory Coast 's Tai rainforest .
A full - grown African crowned eagle is roughly the size of an American bald eagle , which typically weighs about 10 to 12 pounds .
Punctures and scratches on many of the monkey skulls have led some researchers to rethink which animals may have preyed on our human ancestors , said W. Scott McGraw , the study 's lead author and an associate professor of anthropology at Ohio State University .
“ It seems that raptors have been a selective force in primate evolution for a long time , ” he said .
“ Before this study I thought that eagles would n't contribute that much to the mortality rate of primates in the forest .
“ I could n't have been more wrong . ”
The results may also have important implications for the mystery surrounding the death of one human ancestor who lived about 2.5 million years ago .
advertisement
Archaeologists discovered the skull of a 3 ½ - year old ape - like child in a cave in South Africa in 1924 .
Researchers believed this child , called the Taung child ( Australopithecus africanus ) , had been killed by a predatory cat .
But McGraw said that puncture marks on the monkey skulls he examined closely resemble those found on the skull of the Taung child .
“ Eagles leave very distinctive beak and talon punctures around the face and in the eye sockets , ” “ The skull of the Taung child has these same kinds of puncture marks . ”
The study is online at the website of the American Journal of Physical Anthropology , and is scheduled for publication in the journal 's October issue .
McGraw conducted the study with Catherine Cooke , a graduate student in anthropology at Ohio State , and with Susanne Schultz , of the University of Liverpool , collected most of the bones for the study .
The best way to learn about an eagle 's prey is to gather the remains that are in or near the raptor 's nest , says McGraw .
“ Eagles are ambush predators – they go in for the kill quickly , ” said McGraw , who has spent much of the last 15 years studying primates in the Tai rainforest , which is in southwestern Ivory Coast .
advertisement
“ So the chance of actually seeing an eagle attack a monkey is extremely slim , ” he continued .
“ Yet raptors are kind enough to leave all the bones around afterwards .
That means we can work backwards and construct a prey profile based on what 's left over . ”
Over the course of three years the researchers collected some 1,200 animal bones discarded from 16 African crowned eagle nests .
Slightly more than half of the bones ( 669 ) belonged to primates .
The rest of the bones were from other , non-primate animals that the eagles preyed upon .
Most of the bones in the collection belonged to smaller monkey species , which weigh anywhere from 2.5 to 11.5 pounds as adults .
But a third of the monkeys whose bones were part of the sample set would weigh anywhere from 13.5 to 24 pounds when alive .
The majority of these bones were from mangabeys , the largest monkey in the Tai forest .
McGraw admitted that this finding surprised him .
Mangabeys live primarily on the ground – all of the other monkey species live in the canopy of the rainforest .
It makes sense that eagles would zero in on monkeys in trees , as these primates are presumably easier to spot and attack .
Also , mangabey populations are n't as dense as other monkey species in the Tai rainforest .
“ It appears that the crowned hawk eagle specifically targets these large , relatively rare monkeys , ” McGraw said .
“ When we consider the density of the average mangabey population , the odds of an eagle encountering one of these monkeys should be small .
But these mangabeys are turning up in nests more often than chance alone would predict . ”
The finding suggests that birds of this size were quite capable of successfully attacking a young hominid .
Archaeologists think that the Taung toddler weighed around 26 pounds ( 12 kg ) .
McGraw says that scientists think that a raptor about the same size as a modern - day African crowned eagle may have killed the young hominid .
“ Many people thought that an eagle of this size would n't have enough strength to lift a primate the size of the Taung child , ” McGraw said .
“ That 's a non-issue , because eagles do n't hunt and process their kills that way .
They typically dismember their prey very quickly , and then take pieces of the carcass back to the nest . ”
After identifying the bones , the researchers began to assess actual damage patterns on the bones .
The collection consisted mostly of skulls and the long bones of the hind limbs ( namely the femur , or thigh bone , and tibia , a bone in the lower leg . )
Smaller , more fragile bones are often destroyed during the attack , and can also rapidly decay in a rainforest environment .
Monkey skulls , shoulder blades and pelvic girdles showed the greatest amount of damage .
Most of the skulls were fractured or punctured , presumably from the force applied by the grip of an eagle 's talons .
There were fractures in the eye sockets and at the base of most of the skulls , either from beaks or talons that had punctured the bone in order to retrieve soft tissue .
There were noticeable punctures and scrapes across nearly every shoulder blade in the sample .
The ends of many of the long hind limb bones had been removed , apparently to get to the marrow inside .
The puncture marks on some of the monkey skulls are very similar to those found on the skull of the Taung child , McGraw said .
“ This fossil is probably the most written - about , studied and handled hominid skull ever , ” he said .
“ But almost no one had really bothered to look at skulls discarded from eagle nests .
It 's not that the damage was overlooked in the Taung skull , it 's just that we did n't have the link to make sense of it . ”
He went on to say that the punctures in the Taung skull probably are n't due to damage during the fossilization process ; rather , these marks are instead a clue to what killed the small hominid .
“ Those marks are n't from some large predatory cat , they 're from an ancient crowned hawk eagle , ” McGraw said .
The evidence from this study is also changing the way McGraw and his colleagues look at predator - prey dynamics .
“ The findings suggest that birds of prey have been one of the most important selective forces in primate evolution for a long time , ” he said .
“ There are other primate fossil collections around the world that may deserve a second look for evidence of wounds inflicted by raptors . ”
The researchers received support for this work from the Leakey Foundation , the Wildlife Conservation Society , the Peregrine Fund , the National Science Foundation , the British Council and Ohio State .
The offshore oil drilling catastrophe in the Gulf of Mexico brought to us by BP has overshadowed its central role over the past century in fostering some other disastrous events .
BP originated in 1908 as the Anglo - Persian Oil Company — a British corporation whose name was changed to the Anglo - Iranian Oil Company two decades later .
With exclusive rights to extract , refine , export , and sell Iran ’s rich oil resources , the company reaped enormous profits .
Meanwhile , it shared only a tiny fraction of the proceeds with the Iranian government .
Similarly , although the company ’s British personnel lived in great luxury , its Iranian laborers endured lives of squalor and privation .
In 1947 , as Iranian resentment grew at the giant oil company ’s practices , the Iranian parliament called upon the Shah , Iran ’s feudal potentate , to renegotiate the agreement with Anglo - Iranian .
Four years later , Mohammed Mossadeq , riding a tide of nationalism , became the nation ’s prime minister .
As an enthusiastic advocate of taking control of Iran ’s oil resources and using the profits from them to develop his deeply impoverished nation , Mossadeq signed legislation , passed unanimously by the country ’s parliament , to nationalize the Anglo - Iranian Oil Company .
The British government was horrified .
Eager to assist the embattled corporation , it imposed an economic embargo on Iran and required its technicians to leave the country , thus effectively blocking the Iranian government from exporting its oil .
When this failed to bring the Iranians to heel , the British government sought to arrange for the overthrow of Mossadeq — first through its own efforts and , later ( when Britain ’s diplomatic mission was expelled from Iran for its subversive activities ) , through the efforts of the U.S. government .
But President Truman refused to commit the CIA to this venture .
To the delight of Anglo - Iranian , it received a much friendlier reception from the new Eisenhower administration .
Secretary of State John Foster Dulles had worked much of his life as a lawyer for multinational corporations , and viewed the Iranian challenge to corporate holdings as a very dangerous example to the world .
Consequently , the CIA was placed in charge of an operation , including fomenting riots and other destabilizing activities , to overthrow Mossadeq and advance oil company interests in Iran .
Organized by CIA operative Kermit Roosevelt in the summer of 1953 , the coup was quite successful .
Mossadeq was placed under house arrest for the rest of his life , the power of the pro-Western shah was dramatically enhanced , and the Anglo - Iranian Oil Company was once again granted access to Iran ’s vast oil resources .
To be sure , thanks to the key role played in the coup by the U.S. government , the British oil company — renamed British Petroleum — henceforth had to share the lucrative oil extraction business in Iran with U.S. corporations .
Even so , in the following decades , with the Iranian public kept in line by the Shah ’s dictatorship and by his dreaded secret police , the SAVAK , it was a very profitable arrangement — although not for most Iranians .
But , of course , actions can have unforeseen consequences .
In Iran , public anger grew at the Shah ’s increasingly autocratic rule , culminating in the 1979 revolution and the establishment of a regime led by Islamic fanatics .
Not surprisingly , the new rulers — and much of the population — blamed the United States for the coup against Mossadeq and its coziness with the Shah .
This , in turn , led to the ensuing hostage crisis and to the onset of a very hostile relationship between the Iranian and U.S. governments .
And there was worse to come .
Terrified by the rise of Islamic fundamentalism on their southern border , Soviet leaders became obsessed with fundamentalist revolt in Afghanistan and began pouring troops into that strife - torn land .
This was the signal for the U.S. government to back an anti-Soviet , fundamentalist jihad in Afghanistan , thus facilitating the growth of the Taliban and Al - Qaeda , who eventually turned their weapons on the United States .
Furthermore , as part of its anti-Iran strategy , the U.S. government grew increasingly chummy with Iran ’s arch foe , Iraq .
As Saddam Hussein seemed a particularly useful ally , Washington provided him with military intelligence and the helicopters that he used to spray poison gas on Iranian troops during the Iran - Iraq War .
Might not such a friendship , cemented with a handshake by Donald Rumsfeld , have emboldened Saddam Hussein to act more freely in the region in subsequent years ?
It certainly did n’t improve U.S. relations with Iran , which today is headed by a deplorable government that — consumed by fear and loathing of the United States — might be developing nuclear weapons .
At this point , we might well wonder if it was such a good idea to overthrow a democratic , secular nationalist like Mossadeq to preserve the profits of the Anglo - Iranian Oil Company ( now renamed BP ) .
Indeed , given the sordid record of BP and other giant oil companies , we might wonder why we tolerate them at all .
Lawrence S. Wittner
Dr. Wittner is Professor of History at the State University of New York / Albany .
His latest book is Confronting the Bomb : A Short History of the World Nuclear Disarmament Movement ( Stanford University Press ) .
Republished with permission from the History News Network .
On April 8 , 2009 , eight year old Tori Stafford of Ontario was abducted and murdered .
Her body was found in a field by a police investigator , just over three months later on July 21st .
A sad and too common story .
But not too sad for the vultures to use it for their own ends .
The vulture in question is ( yet again ) Allison Dubois .
Eager to gain publicity from this tragedy , she is claiming she helped the police working on the case , as reported in Medium depicted Tori 's fate to cops :
“ It was amazing — Tori had been missing about three weeks , and I was standing , facing her school , noticing things like the senior ’s building next to the school and it was at that moment ... that I told the police officer she had met someone whom she had met before , through her mother , and that she had been lured to her death . ”
Dubois recalled she described the terrain where they would find the girl ’s body and that two people were involved , including a woman who had been used as the lure .
“ That ’s the only reason Tori went with her , because she was familiar with her , ” she said .
[ My bold . ]
Dubois ’s story was n’t that far off .
Two people – a man and a woman – were later arrested for the alleged murder of the little girl , and are currently facing trial .
No wonder Dubois is talking about it .
Funny thing though .
On April 22 , 2009 ( for those playing at home , that would be two weeks after the little girl had gone missing and therefore a full week before Dubois supposedly gave her information to the police ) - police released a sketch of a woman who was suspected of having been involved in the little girl ’s abduction :
This composite image of a woman sought in the abduction of eight - year - old Tori Stafford , based on the unidentified woman seen in a surveillance video leading Stafford by the hand shortly after she went missing .
The father of an Ontario girl who vanished more than two weeks ago said he “ strongly believes ” he knows the person in a composite sketch of a woman caught on surveillance video with his daughter , but the girl ’s mother says she does n’t recognize the woman .
So a week before Dubois reportedly told police that a woman ( possibly known to the little girl ) was involved in the abduction , the local papers reported that a woman ( possibly known to the little girl ) was involved in the abduction .
Hey , you do n’t supposed Dubois saw the picture of the alleged abductor in the press , and simply regurgitated the information to the police , do you ?
Nah , could n’t be .
She must have used her awesome psychic powers .
Because only someone with psychic powers could have known that a woman might have been involved .
Well , either that or someone who had , you know , read the local paper the previous week .
Another funny thing , given Allison ’s awesome psychic ability , is that it is n’t all that clear that the abductor was “ someone whom [ the little girl ] had met before , ” as Allison claimed .
For example , read this report from CTV Toronto :
Although the suspects know Victoria 's parents , police do n't believe they knew who their daughter was at the time she was kidnapped , sources say .
Admittedly it 's not totally clear , but it does appear that the little girl did n’t know her abductors , and so it seems unlikely that “ the only reason ” the little girl went with the woman was “ because she was familiar with her , ” as Dubois claimed .
Also , it does n’t appear that Allison was much help in finding the body , as she implied .
From the National Post :
Stafford 's remains were found Sunday by a veteran police investigator searching on his own in a rural field about 500 metres off Concession No. 6 , just east of Mount Forest , Ont. , about 130 kilometres northwest of Toronto .
The detective , acting on a hunch , found the bones down a lonely dirt track in a secluded , heavily bushed area across the road from a grey , brick house surrounded by rolling , green farmland .
Just regular police work then .
I guess Allison , despite her undoubted psychic abilities , was no help at all to the police .
Just as Allison Dubois was no help in catching the Baseline killer either .
Well , you ca n’t say she ’s not consistent .
Considering this happened a year ago , I wondered why we are only just in the last few days , hearing about Allison 's invaluable help in not catching the perpetrators or finding the body .
So I checked and – funny story - I discovered that this story broke just before Dubois is due to visit Canada for a series of speaking engagements starting Monday May 17th - Toronto , ON - buy tickets VIP almost Sold Out !
$ 150 a pop ( “ No one attending the event is guaranteed a reading . ” )
Obviously a coincidence .
Interestingly , if you Google " tori stafford " " allison dubois " you get four pages of stories , most of which include the line “ come face to face with the image of Tori Stafford ” – ie it ’s all the exact same story reprinted by different media .
A cynic might almost think that Allison ’s publicist had done an excellent job with this non story .
In reality , the only remarkable thing about this is how unremarkable Dubois ’s supposed psychic predictions actually were .
Thanks to reader Dean for the original link .
More on Allison 's awesome psychic abilities
Skeptico on Allison Dubois :
Medium guesses about serial killer
Allison Dubois no help in catching killer
A walking , camera - strutting , fake - ghost - talking joke
Secretary to the dead
Burden of proof
The Two Percent Company on Allison Dubois
Allison Dubois Week
Allison DuBois - Even More of a Hypocrite Than Previously Thought
Polar Opposites
( Newser ) – Shooting vodka not a quick enough path to drunkenness for you ?
Try shooting it through your eye .
“ Vodka eyeballing , ” which the Daily Mail claims is the latest trend to sweep Britain ’s universities , supposedly gives an instant high , although some wonder if “ eyeballers ” are already so drunk they convince themselves of a nonexistent effect .
One former practitioner now has a constantly weepy , scarred eye and worsening eyesight as a result of the risky practice , she tells the Mail .
story continues below
The paper claims the trend began in the good old US of A , with nightclub waiters eyeballing for tips .
Examples of the bizarre practice are readily available on YouTube , and there are even “ fan ” pages for it on Facebook .
In Scotland , people are eyeballing cinnamon schnapps … which sounds too painful to contemplate , and the now - scarred former eyeballer confirms :
“ It was really painful .
But bearing the pain is part of the competitiveness . ”
( Read more vodka eyeballing stories . )
American World Cup star could be on the move .....
A number of clubs are interested in signing Fulham star Clint Dempsey , who could leave Craven Cottage this summer , according to his agent .
The USA international had an excellent 2009 - 10 campaign with the Premier League outfit , playing a key role as the Cottagers reached the Europa League final , where they lost to Atletico Madrid .
He also featured as the US reached the last - 16 of the ongoing World Cup finals in South Africa , where they lost to Ghana after extra-time .
Dempsey 's agent , Lyle Yorks , has now hinted that the 27 - year - old could be tempted to try his luck at a bigger club if such a side can agree a deal with Fulham .
Yorks told the Major League Soccer website : " There is a lot of interest from big clubs in Europe in Clint .
And now you ’ve got Roy Hodgson leaving for Liverpool ... so there ’s a lot of different things going on . "
“ We ’ve got a major club in Italy , a major club in France and a club in the Bundesliga .
We ’ll be sorting through them in the coming weeks and also seeing what happens at Fulham .
“ There ’s direct contact and discussions , but first they ’d have to agree a deal with Fulham . ”
It remains to be seen who will replace Hodgson at Craven Cottage , with Alan Curbishley , Mark Hughes and Sven Goran Eriksson emerging as the early favourites .
CDT - The Clojure Debugging Toolkit
What is it ?
The CDT , ( Clojure Debugging Toolkit , ) is a set of clojure functions / macros that use the Java Debug Interface , http://java.sun.com/javase/6/docs/jdk/api/jpda/jdi/index.html, to debug a remote vm , from a repl running on another vm .
It contains a command line based debugger and library , which can be integrated with other GUI 's , e.g. swank - cdt .
You can set breakpoints , catch exceptions , examine the stack frame / locals ; what makes it unique , ( afaik , ) is that you can eval arbitrary clojure forms in the lexical scope of a suspended , remote - thread 's stack frame .
For example , if you are suspended at a stack frame that has the locals a and b , ( reval ( ct ) ( cf ) (+ a b ) ) will return their sum .
What about debug - repl ?
The debug - repl , http://github.com/georgejahad/debug-repl, is a dead simple interface that allows you to debug Clojure in the most natural way possible , a repl that is aware of it 's surrounding lexical scope .
In general it works very well , with two exceptions :
1 . You can't traverse the stack examining locals .
2 . It can be hard to invoke from the point where an exception is thrown .
For those kinds of issues I use CDT ; otherwise , I often use debug - repl , depending on what is more convenient .
CDT Exception Example
I often have trouble getting my namespace declarations right .
I do things like this :
user= > ( ns xx ( :use [ clojure . pprint :only pprint ] ) ) java.lang.IllegalArgumentException :
Do n't know how to create ISeq from : clojure.lang .Symbol ( NO_SOURCE_FILE:16 )
Any idea what symbol it is complaining about ?
Me neither .
To debug it , start the target repl up with these extra jvm args :
-agentlib:jdwp=transport=dt_socket,server=y , suspend=n,address=8030
Start up a second repl and init the debugger like so :
user= > ( use ' cdt.ui ) nil user= > ( cdt- attach 8030 ) nil starting event handler user= > ( set- catch java.lang.IllegalArgumentException :all ) catch set on java.lang.IllegalArgumentException
Now that you are catching the exception , reinvoke it from the target repl again ; that repl will hang , without printing the exception .
On the debugger repl , run the following :
user= > Exception #< ExceptionEventImpl ExceptionEvent@clojure.lang .RT:471 in thread main >
#< LocationImpl clojure.core$load_lib:4752 > hit ( print - frames ( ct ) ) 0 clojure.lang.RT
seqFrom [ c coll sc ] RT. java:487 1 clojure.lang .RT seq [ coll ] RT. java:468 2 clojure.core$seq invoke [ coll this ] core.clj:133 3 clojure.core$refer doInvoke [ exclude filters fs ns ns - sym nspublics rename this to - do ] core.clj:3767 4 clojure.lang.RestFn applyTo [-- site--0-- -- site--1-- -- site--2-- -- thunk--0-- -- thunk--1-- -- thunk--2-- args const -- 0 const -- 1 const--10 const--11 const--12 const--13 const--14 const--15 const--16 const--17 const--18 const--19 const --2 const--20 const--21 const--22 const--23 const--24 const--25 const--26 const--27 const--28 const--29 const --3 const--30 const -- 4 const -- 5 const -- 6 const -- 7 const -- 8 const -- 9 this ]
RestFn.java:139 5 clojure.core$apply invoke [ args f this x ] core.clj:602 6 clojure.core$load_lib doInvoke [ as filter - opts lib load loaded map --4561 need - ns options opts prefix reload reload - all require this use verbose ] core.clj:5252 7 clojure.lang.RestFn applyTo [ args const-- 0 const-- 1 const--10 const--11 const--12 const--13 const--14 const--15 const--16 const--17 const--18 const--19 const --2 const--20 const--21 const--22 const--23 const--24 const--25 const--26 const--27 const--28 const--29 const--3 const--30 const--31 const--32 const--33 const--34 const--35 const--36 const--37 const--38 const--39 const -- 4 const--40 const--41 const--42 const--43 const--44 const--45 const--46 const--47 const--48 const--49 const--5 const--50 const--51 const--52 const--53 const--54 const--55 const--56 const --6 const -- 7 const -- 8 const -- 9 this ]
RestFn.java:142 . . . user= > ( locals ( ct ) ( cf ) ) coll pprint sc clojure.lang.AFn c clojure.lang .Symbol nil user= > ( reval ( ct ) ( cf ) ( type coll ) ) clojure.lang .
Symbol
Suspiciously , there is a local coll whose value is pprint .
( reval ( ct ) ( cf ) ( type coll ) ) reports it 's a symbol .
Sounds like that could be the ISeq the exception message is complaining about .
Delete the catch and resume the target :
user= > ( delete- catch java.lang.IllegalArgumentException ) {} user= > ( continue - thread ( ct ) )
Wrap the pprint in a vector and see that it fixes the problem .
Caveat - False Nulls / Locals Clearing ?
One major weakness of CDT I 've found is that sometimes valid non-null locals appear null .
I 've seen this problem with JDB as well , so I do n't think it is a CDT problem per se ; I suspect it 's an unpleasant side - effect of the " locals clearing " the compiler does to reduce the danger of head - holding lazy seqs : http://groups.google.com/group/clojure/msg/9b4e268b85c20cd6%29
I 'm not sure there 's a workaround , but if you go up or down the stack frame you can sometimes find other copies of the var that actually do show its correct value .
Other useful commands
( up ( ct ) ( cf ) ) and ( down ( ct ) ( cf ) ) traverse the stack .
Set / delete breakpoints like so : ( set - bp clojure.core / into ) ( delete - bp clojure.core/into )
Other caveats
Dynamic bindings are only correct in frame 0
reval is always invoked in the context of frame 0 on a suspended thread .
The lexical scope for other frames is handled by pulling them out of the jdi and passing them back into reval when it is invoked .
Because dynamic bindings are a clojure construct , the jdi does n't know when they get set , so they can't be simulated .
Thus reval 'ing a form that depends on a dynamic binding will only be correct in frame 0 .
Locals from Java source files
are only available when compiled with -g
Have n't tested on Windows
Outside of the caveats mentioned above , CDT seems to work fine on Linux and OSX .
Where :
http://github.com/georgejahad/cdt
http://clojars.org/cdt
Thanks
To Rich for making all the great toys .
YourKit is kindly supporting open source projects with its full - featured Java Profiler .
YourKit , LLC is the creator of innovative and intelligent tools for profiling Java and .NET applications .
Take a look at YourKit 's leading software products : YourKit Java Profiler and YourKit .NET Profiler .
Comments / Suggestions
Send any comments / suggestions to George Jahad at " george - clojure at blackbirdsystems.net " or to the main clojure mailing list :
http://groups.google.com/group/clojure
The Party : The Secret World of China 's Communist Rulers .
By Richard McGregor .
Harper ; 302 pages ; $ 27.99 .
Allen Lane ; £ 25 .
Buy from Amazon.com , Amazon.co.uk
ANY study of the Chinese Communist Party today will soon confront two jarring questions .
The first is how a party responsible for such horrors — the Cultural Revolution of the 1960s , the death of some 35 m - 40 m people in the worst - ever man-made famine from 1958 - 1960 — has stayed in power without facing any serious threat , the 1989 Tiananmen protests aside .
The second is why it still calls itself “ communist ” , when China today seems closer to the cut - throat capitalism of Victorian England than to any egalitarian dream .
The second question is easier .
In 1979 Deng Xiaoping , the pragmatic founder of the new China , answered it in “ four basic principles ” , the most important being “ the leading role of the Communist Party ” .
Richard McGregor 's masterful depiction of the party today cites a less pompous tautology , from Chen Yuan , the son of a Long March veteran and hero of central planning , who is himself a leading state - banker : “ We are the Communist Party and we will decide what communism means . ”
This willingness to jettison ideological baggage while clinging to Leninist first principles also helps answer the first question , about the party 's surprising durability .
Flexibility has been essential as the party has both led and adapted to wrenching change since 1978 .
It has had , as Mao Zedong , a less pragmatic communist , might have put it , to “ manage contradictions ” .
In the process , Chinese people have learnt to enjoy freedoms and prosperity unimaginable under Mao .
The system , Mr McGregor rightly points out , still relies , ultimately , on terror .
But no longer are party rule and terror absolutely synonymous .
Through anecdote and example , Mr McGregor , a longtime correspondent in China for the Financial Times , illuminates the most important of the contradictions and paradoxes .
There is the obvious one , for example , between the demands of the market and party control .
Mr McGregor describes one almost comical battlefield — the overseas stockmarket listings of Chinese state - controlled companies .
Wall Street bankers scratched their heads over how to describe the role of a firm 's party committee .
John Thornton , a former boss of Goldman Sachs , describes an “ eye- opening ” lecture he received as a member of a Chinese board : the committee was responsible for six functions “ and they were the ones that mattered . ”
Prospectuses tend to solve the conundrum by avoiding mention of the party 's role .
A more stomach - churning example of this contradiction was the discovery in 2008 by Sanlu , a dairy firm , that some of its products had been contaminated and were harming and killing children .
Commercial logic , not to mention basic humanity , demanded an instant recall .
But the boss 's first loyalty was to the party , which had demanded that bad news be suppressed so as not to spoil the atmosphere at that year 's Beijing Olympics .
Then there is the tension arising from the party 's dependence — shown most graphically in Beijing in 1989 — on the army to keep it in power .
This has led to booming army budgets , as the generals acquire high - tech kit .
But this in turn leads them to think of themselves as professional soldiers defending China when their job is to serve the Communist Party .
Tensions surface in the mysterious occasional harangues in the press against those calling ( though not in public ) for the “ depoliticisation ” and “ nationalisation ” of the armed forces .
Third , there is the paradox that China 's leaders recognise that the main threat to their authority is corruption , yet their power rests on a system that makes it almost inevitable .
Indeed , as Mr McGregor puts it , corruption has become a sort of “ transaction tax that distributes ill - gotten gains among the ruling class …
It becomes the glue that keeps the system together . ”
No outside body is allowed to have authority over the party .
An independent anti-corruption campaign , as Mr McGregor notes , “ could bring the whole edifice tumbling down ” .
This is part of what the author calls the “ fundamental paradox ” : “ That a strong , all - powerful party makes for a weak government and compromised institutions . ”
This leaves it ill - equipped to cope with the next change , as China “ rebalances ” its economy to stimulate domestic consumption , provide a decent social - security net and “ take on the vested interests now profiting from the distortions ” .
Mr McGregor seems to think that the party 's record suggests it will find a way to manage this next transition , too .
But he also notes that the triumphalism of China 's leaders in recent months seems “ brittle ” .
Party rule has always made it hard to picture the future as very different from the present .
But in China it usually is .
Unfortunately , it is almost inarguable at this point that the federal student loan system has become fundamentally predatory due to the Congressional removal of standard consumer protections , combined with congressionally sanctioned collection powers that are stronger than those associated with all other loan instruments in our nation ’s history .
These actions by Congress have created an inherently predatory , state - sponsored lending and collection system where the motivations of the various functional elements of the system are fatally misdirected .
The system that has resulted promotes inefficiency in administration , unchecked inflation , bureaucratic malaise and conflicted oversight .
Moreover , the resulting system promotes needless and expensive complexity and redundancies , fails to encourage academic excellence , and ultimately , promotes delinquency and default .
While this system has been extremely lucrative for student loan companies , universities , and even the federal government ( who are MAKING , not LOSING tons of money on defaulted student loans ) , it causes massive harm not only to borrowers and their families , but also to non-borrowing students and their families , due to the dramatic inflation that the system promotes .
The nation suffers a massive cost due to the large amount of wealth trapped in this system , the quality of the education received by the citizens , and the public ’s opportunity cost associated with the materialistic career paths that citizens are forced into at the expense of public interest work , and entrepreneurship .
And no , I am not exaggerating in any way when I say that the federal government makes money on defaulted loans .
According to the Wall Street Journal ( John Hechinger , 2004 ) , and also a more recent article by Finaid.org , the " recovery rate for defaulted student loans by the federal government is between 120 - 123 percent !!
That is , for every dollar paid our in default claims on loans , one dollar and twenty three cents are recovered from the borrowers , A typical recovery rate for unsecured credit cards , by contrast , is less than fifty percent of the outstanding balance ... far less !
Imagine a credit card customer who racked up 50 grand in charges and interest , suffered a significant and negative financial setback .
Now , imagine that somehow , VISA found a way to get $ 60,000 back ... and not just from this one borrower , but from EVERY BORROWER in the same situation !
This is what is going on with federally guaranteed student loans , and something similar is undoubtedley happening with private loans , although that data is not publicly accessible .
This has nothing to do with the debt or the borrower , and everything to do with the consumer protections behind the debt .
I hear lending proponents self righteously characterizing defaulted borrowers as drains on the taxpayers .
In actual fact , the reverse is true .
Imagine a business where you harass , embarrass , and threaten misfortunate citizens all day long , and as a result receive large amounts of their wealth , unearned .
I frankly cannot imagine who could and would do such a job , but I suspect that those who insult defaulted borrowers , and those who extort unearned wealth from them are the same people .
Also , the government , lenders , and universities have been egregiously misleading the public for years and years by claiming that the " default rate " was low , and getting lower , at around 4 - 7 percent .
This is really the biggest lie .
In actual fact , I estimate that ultimately about 1 in 3 borrowers are defaulting on their loans .
33 percent .
Even throwing out for - profit schools points to a default rate of about 29 percent .
This is higher than the default rate of any other loans I am aware of subprime ninja loans included !
This comes from a 2003 IG estimate made based on real data .
This report has been completely buried by the propaganda over the years , and but for the luck of an intrepid reporter doing real Investigative journalism ( Nick Perry at the Seattle Times ) , would probably never have seen the light of day .
Importantly : this problem exists across both Direct Loan ( DL ) , and Federal Family Education Loan ( FFEL ) Programs .
People are led to believe that under the new system , the middlemen are cut out .
This is completely false .
Sallie Mae and others will still be both servicing , and collecting on student loans in the same conflicted and predatory manner as before .
In the public interest , the consumer protections that were removed by Congress must be restored by Congress at the earliest opportunity .
By returning these consumer protections , the motivations of the system ’s functional elements will be reoriented such that most , if not all of the deficiencies mentioned above will go away over time .
Come to studentloanjustice.org
China has the power to shut down its Internet , so why ca n’t we ?
That ’s one of the arguments Sen.
Joe Lieberman ( I - CT ) is making about the bill he ’s co-authored that would give the president the power to disable parts of the Internet as he deems necessary .
“ Right now China , the government , can disconnect parts of its Internet in case of war and we need to have that here too , ” Lieberman told CNN ’s Candy Crowley on State of the Union Sunday .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ There ’s a lot of people out there who think that what you are granting the president is absolute power to shut down freedom of speech , that this is just over the top , ” Crowley said .
“ No way and total misinformation , ” Lieberman replied .
“ We need this capacity in a time of war .
We need the capacity for the president to say , ‘ Internet service provider , we ’ve got to disconnect the American Internet from all traffic coming in from another foreign country , or we have to put a patch on this part of it ’. ”
Lieberman continued : “ So I say to my friends on the Internet , relax .
Take a look at the bill .
And this is something that we need to protect our country . ”
Lieberman , along with Sen. Susan Collins ( R - ME ) and Sen. Tom Carper ( D - DE ) , introduced the Protecting Cyberspace as a National Asset Act two weeks ago .
The bill would allow the President to disconnect Internet networks and force private websites to comply with broad cybersecurity measures .
The president ’s power to shut down parts of the Web would be renewed indefinitely under the bill .
This video is from CNN ’s State of the Union , broadcast June 20 , 2010 .
ADVERTISEMENT
Earlier this month , the FBI revealed that the suspected Times Square bomber had used an anonymous prepaid cell phone to purchase the Nissan Pathfinder and M - 88 fireworks used in the bomb attempt .
The case sparked new calls to regulate prepaid cell phones in order to provide more accountability and make the devices less attractive to criminals .
Yesterday , Congress responded .
Senators Charles Schumer ( D - NY ) and John Cornyn ( R - TX ) joined forces and announced a new bill that would require an ID at the point of sale .
Phone companies would need to keep this information on file in order to help police thwart " terrorists , drug lords and gang members , " along with the occasional hedge fund manager .
" In 2009 , " said the Schumer / Cornyn announcement , " [ prepaid cell phones ] were even used by hedge fund managers and Wall Street executives implicated in the largest insider trading bust in US history .
In court papers , federal prosecutors detailed how traders from the Galleon Group hedge fund communicated with other executives through prepaid phones in order to try to evade potential wiretaps .
In one instance , one suspect is described as having chewed the Subscriber Identity Module , or SIM card , until it snapped in half in order to destroy possible evidence . "
" We caught a break in catching the Times Square terrorist , but usually a prepaid cell phone is a dead end for law enforcement .
There ’s no reason why it should still be this easy for terror plotters to cover their tracks , " said Schumer .
Prepaid phones can be bought over the counter in many different stores , from big - box retailers to gas stations , and many can be activated without credit checks or ID .
Some countries have already forbidden this sort of anonymous use .
The Canadian government funded a study on this question back in 2006 .
A team from Simon Fraser University looked at 24 OECD countries and found that nine of them require mobile operators to collect registration data for prepaid phone users .
" In all cases , the rationale for a prepaid registration requirement was to improve efficiency of law enforcement and national security activities , " said the report .
US states have followed suit ; similar laws have been introduced in Texas , Massachusetts , Pennsylvania , Missouri , Georgia and South Carolina , according to Schumer and Cornyn .
But " in light of the increased reliance of terrorists on the devices , " the senators said , " it was time for a federal response . "
Purely Functional Heap Sort in Scala
Inspired by the blog post Purely functional Heap Sort in OCaml , F# and Haskell on The Flying Frog Blog I decided to implement the same datastructure and operations in Scala to get one little step closer to Scala mastery .
This code is not idiomatic Scala , but I think it is decent anyway .
If you have any comments , feel free to contact me as usual .
Challenge : Rewrite the code to be more object - oriented .
( Disclaimer : I do n’t think it ’s possible to write toList as a method and have the tail recursion optimization kick in , but I ’d love to be proven wrong . )
Do n’t forget to take a look at the OCaml , F# and Haskell versions and compare .
Note the amount of types that Scala ca n’t infer .
Update :
The code has been updated with some improvements suggested by Robbert .
So what on earth is GM doing spending $ 3.5 billion on buying a subprime lender ?
It 's not enough to simply bail them out , it seems : the government is now using taxpayer money to buy out AmeriCredit 's shareholders at a 24 % premium to Wednesday 's closing price .
So the government knows full well how dangerous and costly it can be for GM to own a subprime lender .
What 's more , the government currently controls GM , holding an equity stake of about 61 % of the company .
$ 17.2 billion bailing out GM 's subprime lender , GMAC .
It 's never going to get repaid in full : at the moment estimates of total losses on that deal are running at about the $ 6 billion mark .
Quite aside from the costs of rescuing GM itself , the U.S. government spent a whopping $ 17.2 billion bailing out GM ’s subprime lender , GMAC .
It ’s never going to get repaid in full : at the moment estimates of total losses on that deal are running at about the $ 6 billion mark .
So the government knows full well how dangerous and costly it can be for GM to own a subprime lender .
What ’s more , the government currently controls GM , holding an equity stake of about 61 % of the company .
So what on earth is GM doing spending $ 3.5 billion on buying a subprime lender ?
It ’s not enough to simply bail them out , it seems : the government is now using taxpayer money to buy out AmeriCredit ’s shareholders at a 24 % premium to Wednesday ’s closing price .
I do appreciate that GM needs to be able to sell cars to people with bad credit .
But there ’s no indication that GM is a good owner of subprime lenders — quite the opposite .
AmeriCredit is already working with thousands of GM dealers , and the two could easily start rolling out GM - branded products across GM ’s dealer network even without an acquisition .
I ’m suspicious at the speed with which GM is moving back into the world of financial services : I ’m not sure it bodes well for the company , which really should be sticking to building cars , keeping its credit operations outsourced .
If GM wants to build a strategic relationship with AmeriCredit , that ’s fine , and anybody who ’s bullish on GM would be more than welcome to buy AmeriCredit shares at the same time .
But I see no great upside — and lots of danger — in bundling the two .
And in any case the last person who should spend $ 3.5 billion on a subprime lender is anybody at the Treasury .
Now we 're one week into the World Cup and two things have really annoyed me :
England 's lack of a reliable goalkeeper ( I 'm an Englishman living in Texas )
The constant drone of the vuvuzelas ( those noisy trumpets that sound like a million angry bees )
I 'm a terrible goalkeeper and I was n't named in the English squad so I can't help with # 1 on my list but I am an engineer and I can do something about # 2 .
Other websites have covered various attempts at filtering the vuvuzela noise but none have offered much in the way of a solution you can use at home .
My solution is an application ( written with LabVIEW ) that detects the fundamental frequency of the vuvuzelas ( around 233 Hz ) and applies a notch filter to it and as many harmonics as you specify .
The end result is a significant reduction in the annoying background noise without too much interruption of the commentary and other audio .
Hardware - wise you will need to insert your computer in the audio signal flow .
If your TV has an audio output , connect that to your sound card 's line in , then connect your sound card output to however you want to listen to the game ( speakers or headphones ) .
I stream the game to an old PC I have in the corner of my cube and I have the audio output to my laptop , which applies the filter and then outputs to my headphones ( do n't tell my boss ) .
Download an installer that includes both the EXE and the Run- Time Engine ( for Windows ) .
[ Alternate download link ]
A Mac .dmg is also attached for those of you rocking Mac OSX .
You 'll have to install the Mac Run - Time Engine if you do n't already have it ( I have n't had a chance to test this build but it should work ) .
You can download the source code and edit it with LabVIEW 2009 ( get an evaluation copy here ) .
If you already have the free LabVIEW 2009 Run-Time Engine you can download just the attached zip file which contains the exe .
New York ( CNN ) --
Her mother named the little girl Nevaeh , " heaven " spelled backwards .
Jennifer Buchanan says her daughter always was a little bit of heaven to her .
Nevaeh Buchanan was 5 when she was kidnapped on May 24 last year ; her body was found in a shallow grave on June 4 .
A fisherman found Nevaeh 's body along the bank of the River Raisin near Monroe , Michigan , about 10 miles from the apartment she shared with her mother and grandmother .
An autopsy showed the child died of asphyxiation .
According to local news reports , she was most likely buried alive , though police will not formally confirm details .
They did say , however , that a material similar to cement was found on top of her body .
A year later , no one has been charged with abducting and killing Nevaeh .
Her family is still waiting for answers .
Last month , on the anniversary of the child 's death , an organization called Justice for Nevaeh held a rally down the street from the apartment complex where she lived .
The event included games and food for children as well as karate , self - defense classes and child safety presentations .
Nevaeh was last seen the evening of May 24 , playing in the U - turn driveway of her apartment complex .
" She was n't supposed to be outside , " Jennifer Buchanan said .
" She was supposed to be upstairs at a neighbor 's playing with her friend at their place . "
Buchanan said she searched for Nevaeh after another child tattled that she was playing outside .
She recalled the cold fear that gripped her when she found her daughter 's tricycle abandoned at the edge of the property .
" The sun was going down .
It was almost 8 p.m. so I went looking for Nevaeh , but we could n't find her , " said Buchanan , 25 , who herself had recently been in trouble with the law .
She had spent a few weeks in jail before being placed on probation in connection with a home invasion .
" I was in some trouble , but after I got out I focused on my daughter and getting my life back together , " Buchanan said .
Nevaeh 's official guardian was her grandmother , who lived in the apartment with them .
Buchanan said police told her that Nevaeh was not sexually assaulted and that no drugs were found in her system .
Police would not discuss whether the child was sexually abused , but Detective Sgt. Heath Velliquette of the Monroe County Sheriff 's Office said toxicology reports came back negative .
Early in the investigation , police focused on two of Buchanan 's friends .
Both were convicted sex offenders .
The men were arrested on parole violations and questioned extensively .
Neither has been officially named a suspect .
One of the men was living at a nearby motel , and police searched his room but found no forensic evidence to connect him to the child 's disappearance .
Buchanan explained that she met one of the men while reporting to her probation officer .
She said she had known him for two years and never left her daughter alone with him .
Nevaeh called him " Daddy George , " and he brought her toys and gifts , Buchanan added .
She said she knew about his past rape case , adding , " I believe people should get a second chance . "
Police have since shifted their focus away from the two sex offenders .
" We are looking in a different direction in recent months , based on our investigation , " said Velliquette .
Investigators are looking at another Monroe resident , but Velliquette would provide no further details .
" This is not a cold case , " Velliquette said .
" We are following up leads and investigating new information every day . "
Police say that while they are not naming any suspects or persons of interest , investigators have not ruled anyone out either .
The FBI is offering a $ 20,000 reward for any information leading to the arrest of a suspect .
If anyone has any information , police ask that you call their tip line at 734-457-6713 .
Favorite Answer
first of all you have to find a microwave big enough to fit the human .
if you do , then this will happen
the heat and pressure first gets to the water and / or air filled organs
that person start getting the consequences after 1 and half minute ( body tries to balance it uptil 1 and half minute , but again it depends on how much heat u r putting him on )
this will follows
ear drum rupture - in approx 100 sec
lungs rapture - +- 130 sec
Bowls rutpre - +- 150 sec
Eyes Popped out - 200 Sec
Kidney rupture - 300 Sec
Heart Failure - 500 Sec
brain dies - 1000 sec
skin starts to melt - 700 + sec
but it all depends on the age and weight of the person , for a child it is much less for a wrestler it could be more
btw , do n't try it at home
be safe
OWL
The hysteria may be real .
But the actual threat is negligible .
Last year , the attorneys general of 49 states created the Internet Safety Technical Task Force to investigate sexual solicitation of children by molesters who troll for targets using sites popular with kids , among them , MySpace and Facebook .
The 278 - page report concluded that there 's no real problem .
The task force , led by Harvard researchers , looked at reams of scientific data dealing with online sexual predation and found that children and teens were rarely propositioned for by adults who made contact via the Internet .
In the handful of cases that have been documented - and highly publicized - the researchers found that the victims , almost always older , were usually willing participants already at risk for exploitation because of family problems , , or mental health issues .
The report concluded that MySpace and Facebook " do not appear to have increased minors ' overall risk of sexual solicitation . "
The report said the biggest risk to kids using social networks was by other kids .
" This study shows that online social networks are not bad neighborhoods on the Internet , " said John Cardillo , whose company tracks sex offenders .
" Social networks are very much like real - world communities that are inhabited mostly by good people who are there for the right reasons . "
Not all the participating attorneys general agreed with the report 's conclusions .
Connecticut Attorney General Richard Blumenthal charged that " thousands " of convicted sex offenders are members of sites .
That may well be true , but most " convicted sex offenders " are not predators who molest children .
In most states .
" sex crimes " include , , public urination , transvestism , even ownership of a vibrator .
In addition , in some states 18 - year - old men have been convicted of statutory rape , a sex , for having sex with their fully consenting 17 - year - old girlfriends .
Meanwhile , in the small number of cases where child molesters have connected with children online , most of the encounters have followed a predictable pattern : online contact , leading to telephone contact , ultimately leading to face - to - face meetings .
But notice that those who are up in arms about the supposed hazards of social networking sites seem unconcerned about the key role that the telephone plays in the sexual exploitation of children .
Why is that ?
I think it 's because the telephone is an old technology fully integrated into our culture .
The Internet is still new , and kids use it more than adults , which makes many adults nervous that something nefarious must be going on .
But according to the attorneys general report , next to nothing is .
HTC and Sprint are working together to accommodate EVO 4G owners whose phones were bricked after this week ’s initial update .
Without adding very much detail , HTC stated that Sprint Corporate stores can be of service .
You can find the closest store using this tool .
If you have already updated successfully and your phone boots up fine , you do n't have to do anything .
If you have n't applied the OTA update yet , you can now safely do so , as the bricking issue has been fixed .
If , however , the initial update made your phone go blank or get stuck in a boot loop , it 's time to head over to your local Sprint store .
Now let 's hope that next time Sprint sends us an update , it wo n't cripple our lives by striking where it hurts the most : our precious Androids .
Source : Android Central
VENICE , Louisiana ( Reuters ) - Oil from BP ’s out - of - control Gulf of Mexico oil spill could threaten the Mississippi and Alabama coasts this week , U.S. forecasters said on Monday , as public anger surged over the country ’s worst environmental disaster .
Government and BP officials are warning that the blown - out deepwater well feeding the catastrophic spill may not be shut off until August as the company begins preparations on a new but uncertain attempt to contain the leaking crude .
On Tuesday , President Barack Obama will hold his first meeting with co-chairs of an oil spill commission he tapped to probe the worst oil spill in U.S. history and make policy recommendations about U.S. offshore oil drilling .
The commission will be similar to those that looked into the explosion of the space shuttle Challenger in 1986 and the Three Mile Island nuclear accident in 1979 .
Also on Tuesday , U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder will meet with federal prosecutors and state attorneys general in New Orleans .
It will be Holder ’s first trip to survey the damage before what legal experts believe will be a criminal investigation into the disaster .
U.S. officials are treating the disaster , in its 42nd day on Monday , as the country ’s biggest environmental catastrophe .
Although Louisiana ’s wetlands and fishing grounds have been the worst hit so far by the spill , the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration said moderate southerly and southwesterly winds this week may start moving oil closer to the Mississippi and Alabama coasts .
“ Model results indicate that oil may move north to threaten the barrier islands off Mississippi and Alabama later in the forecast period , ” NOAA said in its 72 - hour prediction on the expected trajectory of the huge oil slick .
Mississippi and Alabama have escaped lightly so far , with only scattered tar balls and oil debris reaching its coasts .
But the NOAA forecast was a sober reminder that oil from the unchecked spill , broken up and carried by winds and ocean currents , could threaten a vast area of the U.S. Gulf Coast , including tourism mecca Florida , as well as Cuba and Mexico .
Following the failure this weekend of BP ’s attempt to plug the spewing mile - deep well , public anger over the spill and how it occurred is growing , as tens of thousands of Gulf Coast residents face a pollution impact on their livelihoods .
A group calling itself Seize BP , which has already staged anti-BP protests , said on Monday it would organize demonstrations in more than 50 U.S. cities from Thursday to Saturday to protest the damage from the leaking oil .
The group demands that BP ’s assets be immediately seized and held in trust to pay compensation for the spill triggered by the April 20 explosion of the Deepwater Horizon rig .
‘ JOBS VANISHING , CREATURES DYING ’
“ The greatest environmental disaster with no end in sight !
Eleven workers dead .
Millions of gallons of oil gushing for months ( and possibly years ) to come .
Jobs vanishing .
Creatures dying , ” Seize BP said in a statement .
The public anger and frustration over the spill poses a major domestic challenge for Obama , who has been forced to admit publicly that the U.S. government and military do not have the technology to plug the leaking well and must leave this to BP and its private industry partners .
Obama , who made his second visit to the Gulf disaster zone on Friday , is sending three of his top energy and environmental officials back there this week .
He is trying to fend off criticism that his administration acted too slowly in its response to the spill .
Slideshow ( 29 images )
The crisis could swell into a political liability for the Democratic president as his administration and party , bloodied by bruising healthcare and economic policy debates , head toward congressional elections in November .
Louisiana ’s commercial and recreational fishing industry already has been dealt a blow by the spill .
Fishing boats bobbed idle on Monday at the Venice Marina in Louisiana , which would normally be a hive of activity during the long Memorial Day weekend .
“ Just take a look around , it ’s quiet , ” marina owner Bill Butler said as he sat wistfully looking at the idle boats .
As a health precaution , U.S. authorities have closed all fishing in 25 percent of Gulf of Mexico U.S. federal waters .
Slideshow ( 29 images )
The Gulf Coast is one of America ’s richest ecosystems and a vital breeding ground for a $ 6.5 billion seafood industry .
ULTIMATE HOPES IN RELIEF WELL
BP executives say the company will try several immediate options to try to control the leak , including the planned deployment of a containment cap in the next few days , but the ultimate solution may only lie in the drilling of a relief well that is expected to be completed in August .
The drilling of two relief wells , which began in May , is an expensive but more reliable way to intercept and cap the leaking well .
The Gulf spill has surpassed the Exxon Valdez disaster off Alaska in 1989 as the worst U.S. oil spill , with an estimated 12,000 to 19,000 barrels ( 504,000 to 798,000 gallons / 1.9 million to 3 million liters ) leaking per day .
BP is now preparing a containment cap to place on top of a lower marine riser package ( LMRP ) , a piece of equipment that sits atop the failed well blowout preventer on the seabed .
Remote vehicles have begun cutting away pipes atop the blowout preventer to allow a tight fit with the cap , and will saw through the main riser pipe in “ next day or two , ” a BP spokesman said on Monday .
If the containment operation works -- and BP expects to know later this week -- then at least some of the leaking oil could be piped to the surface .
The CIA ’s use of unmanned aircraft to kill insurgents and militants marks a turning point in the history of war , writes LARA MARLOWE , Washington Correspondent
THE COURTYARD of the Pentagon feels like a cross between an arms fair and a used - car lot on a fine May morning .
“ Congratulations 1,000,000 Army Unmanned Aircraft System Flight Hours , ” says a banner .
With 5,456 US servicemen killed in Iraq and Afghanistan , and the Afghan war going badly , the US military celebrates what it can .
Unmanned Aircraft Systems , also known as Unmanned Aircraft Vehicles but referred to as drones , are the military ’s most important technological asset .
Last year the CIA ’s director , Leon Panetta , called the Predator drone programme “ the only game in town ” .
“ We ’ve reached a turning point in the history of war , and maybe in humanity , ” says Peter Singer , director of defence studies at the Brookings Institution and author of Wired for War , which chronicles the shift to robotic warfare .
There were only a handful of drones in the inventory when the US invaded Iraq in 2003 , Singer says .
“ Today there are more than 7,000 airborne drones , and some 12,000 ground - based robots . . .
Very soon there will be tens of thousands . ”
This week the army chose to advertise its drone revolution by inviting journalists to a press conference celebrating the millionth hour .
Col Gregory Gonzalez , project manager for Unmanned Aircraft Systems , tells us drones are equivalent to the use of radar in the second World War , or helicopters in Korea and Vietnam .
“ They ’ve been funding us really well , because they know there ’s a bang for the buck , ” Col Gonzalez says .
A representative selection of the army ’s drones are displayed in a lane under the trees .
There ’s a Shadow , equipped with an Israeli - made camera , used mainly for surveillance , but also for some targeting , and the diminutive Raven , a battlefield surveillance drone that is launched by hand .
The only weaponised drone , and the star of the exhibition , is the Warrior , a souped - up Predator that carries four laser - guided Hellfire missiles under its wings .
The army calls it the Grey Eagle .
“ There are rules in army aviation that you have to have a
North American Indian chief or tribe name , ” says Lt Col Kevin Messer .
Predator drones have been used extensively by the CIA to assassinate alleged al - Qaeda and Taliban militants in the tribal areas of northwest Pakistan .
The army uses drones mostly in what it calls TIC ( troops in combat ) incidents .
The CIA does not comment on its top - secret programme , though the New York Timesreported this month that the intelligence agency believes it has killed more than 500 militants in the past two years “ and a few dozen nearby civilians ” .
Other estimates of civilian victims range much higher .
Elsewhere in Washington – in think tanks , on university campuses and in the higher echelons of government – the reliance on unmanned aircraft to search out and kill perceived enemies has prompted heated debate .
But here in the Pentagon the language is technical and acronym - packed , devoid of geopolitical or moral content .
Each army Predator costs $ 6 million “ without payload ” , Col Messer explains .
I hear about its SAR ( synthetic aperture radar ) , GMTI ( ground moving target indicator ) and EOIR ( electrical optical infrared ) ball .
The drone ’s ungainly “ camel hump ” hides a rotating satellite dish .
Its mission is RSTA ( reconnaissance , surveillance , target acquisition ) .
“ If it ’s a target I want to prosecute , I can do it , ” says Col Messer .
“ If it ’s a target I want to kill , I can do it .
It is the sexiest programme in the army . ”
The technology is becoming more accessible .
Forty - three nations are building military robots , as are some non-state actors , such as the Lebanese Hizbullah .
Critics of the US ’s reliance on drones portray it as a cowardly weapon , since operators can kill without any risk to themselves .
An executive order handed down by president Gerald Ford in 1976 banned US intelligence from carrying out assassinations .
Before 9/11 , US officials criticised Israel for assassinating Hamas leaders .
That changed after the atrocities of 9/11 , when George W Bush authorised the CIA to kill members of al - Qaeda and their allies anywhere in the world and Congress approved the measure .
On March 24th the state department ’s legal advisor , Harold Koh , made the clearest statement yet of the Obama administration ’s policy on drone strikes .
Koh said the strikes were legal under the 2001 Congressional Authorisation for Use of Military Force , and under the principle of self - defence .
He called them “ targeted killings ” – the Israeli term – not assassinations .
The Obama administration has more than doubled the number of drone strikes .
Some influential policymakers , including Vice - President Joe Biden , advocate relying even more heavily on drones to fight al - Qaeda and the Taliban , to keep US soldiers out of battle .
The killing of Baitullah Mehsud , the leader of the Taliban in Pakistan , along with 11 family members and bodyguards by a Predator drone last August , was considered a triumph for US intelligence .
But as Jane Mayer reported in the New Yorker , it took 16 missile strikes over more than a year for the CIA to kill Mehsud .
Between 207 and 321 people were killed in those strikes , depending on which news reports one tallies .
Now the CIA is trying to kill Anwar al - Awlaki , the US - born cleric who is believed to have inspired the Fort Hood killings last November and the attempted car - bombing of Times Square this month .
Awlaki lives in Yemen , where the drones are searching for him .
If US authorities wanted to tap his telephone , they would need a court warrant .
But the CIA can assassinate him with the approval of the National Security Council and no judicial review .
Peter Singer says there have been 134 unmanned airstrikes in Pakistan .
“ But we do n’t call it a war .
We perceive it differently . ”
There is also a danger , says Singer , that the military and CIA succumb to “ the tempation of technology ” and go after “ low - hanging fruit ” .
He does not oppose drone strikes , but wants them to be handed over to the military – not the CIA .
“ I want someone in uniform to be in charge of that . ”
In the US the drone strikes are presented as efficient , precise and costless .
In the Middle East and Pakistan they are perceived as cruel and cowardly .
Faisal Shahzad , the Pakistani - born US citizen who tried to detonate a home - made car bomb on Times Square , told a friend he was angered by the drone strikes in Pakistan .
Critics question whether the political “ blowback ” from drone strikes outweighs the strategic advantage .
When I was a kid we had a big fat copy of the Guiness Book of World Records book and I remember constantly flipping to the page with the photo of the World ’s Smallest Monkey .
It still makes me happy to look at this little guy !
Pygmy Marmosets live in South America and they grow to be 5 to 6 inches ( not including their tails ) .
You can read more about them at Wikipedia .
Dwayne Johnson has said that he enjoyed working with Stephen Merchant on The Tooth Fairy .
The wrestler - turned - actor told Metro that he developed a fondness for Britons after collaborating with Merchant and Julie Andrews in the comedy .
Johnson said : " I enjoyed working with Stephen Merchant .
He was wonderful .
I 've been such a big fan of his acting .
" I had no idea he was Ricky Gervais 's writing partner and responsible for a lot of the shows they had written . "
He added : " I specifically wanted Stephen because he was so talented in Extras and I thought the physical juxtaposition between he and I would be funny on screen .
" Then , of course , I came to find out he 's incredibly brilliant and talented .
And Julie Andrews was amazing .
A beautiful , beautiful woman . "
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
The boys from “ Breaking Bad ” weigh in on character transformations and the future of the series
Over the course of my time at Bullz - Eye and , by extension , Premium Hollywood , I ’ve slowly but surely reached a point where I do so many one - on - one interviews almost never sign up to do conference - call interviews anymore , but when you ’re pitched a “ Breaking Bad ” call that features Bryan Cranston , Aaron Paul , and series creator Vince Gilligan…hey , there are some offers that you just ca n’t refuse .
It was a packed house , but I managed to sneak onto the call twice during the course of the hour that these three gentlemen held court .
Here ’s some of the wisdom that they imparted upon me …
First of all , I ’m curious what percentage of the “ Breaking Bad ” budget goes to replacing the windshields of Walt ’s vehicles .
Vince Gilligan : ( Laughs )
That is a good question .
It has to be a huge percentage .
That has turned into a running gag , has n’t it ?
We did n’t intend for that to happen at the beginning .
There was no long - term plan to keep breaking Walt ’s windshield .
But it sure does happen a lot .
We keep the tape on there to remind everybody .
Aaron Paul :
You love the tape .
This has been a fantastic season , especially for Jesse .
Aaron , you really soared with the character , trying to go clean , going at it alone , finding out that your new girlfriend ’s brother killed one of his associates .
Can you talk about adapting your performance to meet each of Jesse ’s challenges in life ?
Aaron Paul : I thought I had a grasp of who this kid was by the second season .
I had an idea about where he was going before we started the third season .
But as always is the case , we went in the complete opposite direction .
It was a little tough .
Now Jesse is convinced that he is officially the bad guy .
He has all of this guilt on his shoulders .
He is making a valiant effort to stay on a clean and sober path .
It ’s like playing a different character within the character itself .
Which presents a different challenge .
But its so much fun to play .
Talking about character transformation , Skyler went through a major transformation over the course of the season , first making decisions in desperation , then becoming empowered .
Was that development planned way , way in advance , or was it something that came about as a result of you guys deciding to have her discover Walt ’s secret at the beginning of the season ?
Vince Gilligan : Good question !
You know , I guess … there ’s always an exception to every rule , and this going to the lie slightly to some stuff I was saying earlier , but we try very hard to keep our storytelling organic and to let the characters let us know where they intend to head .
Having said that , Anna Gunn is such an integral part of our show , and the character of Skyler is such an integral part of our show and is a character that I would surely hate to lose from our series , and there was a crossroads early on this season when we realized that she had to find out about her husband ’s illicit activities .
We could n’t keep that lie going very much longer , because she ’s a very smart character and she knows he ’s up to something .
So we ’re at a crossroads at a moment like that , storywise , my writers and I , because she has three very believable routes or forks in the road to take .
She could call the police , and that ’d be very believable , and it ’s definitely an option when you find out that your significant other is dealing large quantities of meth and putting your whole family at risk that way .
Or she could divorce him , definitely , or she could take the kids and flee and get the hell out of Dodge .
I mean , these are all possibilities , but we wanted to keep her around , so in kind of a moment of wanting the character to tell us where she wanted to go but …
( Starts to laugh ) … trying to steer her a little bit into sticking around and not leaving the show entirely , we decided at that point that we want her to go through sort of a process this season .
If it ’s not coming to sort of a sympathy for Walt throughout the course of the season , at least she comes to some sort of an understanding whereby she does n’t side with him necessarily , she does n’t think that he did the right thing here , but she gets to kind of a pragmatic place where she says to herself , “ Well , there is this money , and we ’re going to need it for Hanks ’ rehabilitation and recovery , now that he ’s been shot four times .
Let ’s be pragmatic about this .
Let ’s make the best out of a very bad situation . ”
And that ’s sort of what we ’re working toward with Skyler all season : the idea of her slowly , as organically as possible , as believably as possible , getting her head around a very big concept , which is that her husband is a criminal .
And it took 13 solid episodes to get there , and it will perhaps continue in Season 4 because she ’s a wonderful character … ( Laughs ) … and , on a very mercenary level , I want to keep her around , because she ’s a great actress and a great character .
So that ’s my long - winded way of saying , “ Yes , that was intentional . ”
Obviously , Walt is no longer Mr. Chips , but nor is he quite Scarface yet .
Where are we on the sliding scale , and will the final transformation into Scarface take place in Season 4 ?
Vince Gilligan :
You want to take that one , Brian ?
That ’s a good question .
Bryan Cranston :
Oh , you ’re dishing off , and I ’m going to put it back to you , because I ’m kind of along for the ride , just like Walt is .
Walt has no idea that this transition is happening to him .
He ’s just experiencing it as it goes , and that ’s what so much for me as an actor to play this , because it ’s so immediate .
It ’s so in the now .
He has very little thought on the future because he does n’t have much of a future .
The past has completely destroyed him .
All he has is the now , so he ’s living right here and now .
So as an actor approaching that , I like to do the same thing .
I knew the larger picture , just as all you had , from Vince ’s very colorful way of explaining what he wanted to do four years ago , when we first started talking about this journey , and that fascinated me , because I knew it had never been done in the history of television .
But with that being said , as the actor , I do n’t want to know .
I do n’t want to know what ’s in the back of Vince ’s brain .
It ’s dark and ugly … ( Laughs ) … and I would rather have him delight me with his story as we go along , because in this case , it just could n’t help me .
And , y’know , to me , it ’s like someone telling you the ending of a movie , and then saying , “ Oh , let ’s go see the movie , ” and you ’re , like , “ Well , it ’s kind of blown for me now ! ”
In that sense , I like not knowing , and wherever that line is , we do n’t know .
I think it ’s safe to say that this is not a series that was constructed to last like “ Gunsmoke . ”
It ’s not going to be , “ Wow you ’re in remission ! ” “ Yeah , it ’s been 20 years now ! ” ( Laughs )
Nor do we want it to be .
I think we ’re all very proud of this show and proud of the collective work that goes into it from all fields , but like the prideful athletes that we see , I think that Vince and I and Aaron and everyone else connected would rather have an amalgam of years that make sense and end it at the right time , as opposed to going and extending our welcome and having people wonder when we ’re going to die already .
I think we ’d like to wrap it up in a… ( Hesitates )
It ’s hard to say , because it ’s kind of a moving target , but in the right amount of episodes to tell the story and to do it justice , and then go home .
Vince Gilligan :
That ’s a great answer .
And to add to that …and I ’m not being coy here … it is very well described by Bryan as a moving target .
I do n’t quite know where we are on the spectrum of Mr. Chips and Scarface myself , and , again , I ’m not being coy .
I do n’t know how much farther we can take it .
In some sense , we ’ve already taken it farther than I would ’ve thought possible way back when I was writing the pilot , and it ’s a credit to our actors and certainly first and foremost to Bryan … when we ’re speaking about Walt , it ’s a credit to Bryan ’s ability to continue to let an audience sympathize with his character , despite his character ’s terrible behavior .
You still sense the underlying humanity .
You realize he ’s not a monster , even though he very often does monstrous , cold , evil things .
He behaves that way , and yet he is not necessarily that person .
He has n’t lost completely his moral compass yet .
He continues to remain … his character continues to remain interesting and relatable , or at least understandable , if not sympathizable , and so much of that credit goes to Bryan .
It is very much a moving target .
If you held my feet to the fire right now , I ca n’t really see beyond one or two more seasons , but having said that , there was a time way back when when I thought that three would probably be the total amount we could do , and I think we easily could do another season , if not more .
But as Bryan says , this will not be “ Gunsmoke , ” and I ca n’t forsee it …
( Trails off )
It ’s better to leave the party early than late .
You ’d rather leave people wanting more from you than saying , “ Jesus , is that show still on the air ? ”
So it ’s a tricky equation and one I hope we will get right , as far as , “ When ’s the time to take the final bow with a show like this ? ”
In a sworn statement detailing his assets , Mr Mujica said he has no bank accounts or other assets and put his small flower farm in his wife 's name , only possessing the ageing car , worth £ 1,300 .
WASHINGTON — The U.S. Treasury Department said Friday the total amount repaid to taxpayers for government funds used to bail out U.S. companies has surpassed , for the first time , the amount of outstanding debt .
The Treasury , in its May report to Congress on the Troubled Asset Relief Program , reported TARP repayments reached $ 194 billion , which has exceeded by $ 4 billion the total amount of outstanding debt — $ 190 billion .
However , the outstanding debt amount does not include $ 106.36 billion that has been committed to institutions but has yet to be paid out by the Treasury .
Factoring in that amount , the outstanding debt would be roughly $ 296 billion .
According to the report , $ 489.88 billion has been committed to specific institutions , and $ 383.52 billion of that has been paid out by Treasury .
The department said it does not expect to use more than $ 550 billion of the $ 700 billion program .
A Treasury official described the manner in which the department characterized the totals as " a cash flow issue . "
PETA has never ceased to disappoint us when it comes to sexist racist , and overly - sexualized ad campaigns .
I 'm 100 % for animal rights , but I 'm also 100 % for advertisements that do n't offend large amounts of people .
Here 's their newest display of a lack of morality : Wow PETA , between the " eating meat " comment , the limp hotdog , and the cleavage -y lady , you really know how to shit all over feminism .
Keep up the good work ! :)
As one commenter on Jezebel said : " PETA is to animal rights activists as Glenn Beck is to Christians . "
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The Congress voted on Thursday to restore aid for about 2.5 million jobless Americans while President Barack Obama had a setback in his fight against unemployment when initial claims for benefits surged .
President Obama walks out to speak about the economy with unemployed people behind him in the Rose Garden of the White House , July 19 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Larry Downing
The extended benefits for the long - term unemployed cleared the U.S. House of Representatives on a vote of 272- 152 , a day after the Senate ended a weeks - long partisan stalemate over the $ 34 billion cost of the measure and its impact on deficits and the economy .
The bill now goes to Obama , who is expected to sign it quickly into law .
The Labor Department reported that initial claims for state unemployment benefits surged by 37,000 to a seasonally adjusted 464,000 last week .
The report provided little hope to Obama and his fellow Democrats of an improving jobs market ahead of the November 2 , congressional election .
Financial markets had forecast claims rising to 445,000 .
Slow job creation in the tepid economic recovery , where five unemployed workers are vying for each job opening , is worrying voters , giving Republicans an edge in their bid to win control of Congress from the Democrats .
The unemployment rate stood at 9.5 percent last month and economists say it could take years to recover all the jobs lost in the financial crisis and recession .
The bill approved on Thursday continues the long - term jobless aid program through November and retroactively restores benefits for about 2.5 million long - term unemployed whose payments ran out since the program expired at the end of May .
UNEMPLOYED AMERICANS
“ This action should have occurred two months ago , ” said House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Sander Levin , a Democrat , who blamed Senate Republicans for delaying final passage .
“ They stood not on the side , but in the way of millions of Americans and during those six weeks over 2.5 million unemployed Americans exhausted their benefits and struggled to stay afloat while continuing to look for work in this difficult economy , ” Levin added .
The $ 1.4 trillion deficit and more than $ 13 trillion debt are also major issues in the run-up to November and Republicans argued that the benefit extension should be paid for with unspent money from the economic stimulus that Congress passed last year .
“ Instead of supporting this economy and getting Americans back to work , jobs have been lost , our debt continues to spiral out of control and the Democrats ’ only solution is to add $ 34 billion in new spending , ” said Representative Charles Boustany .
Democrats argued the $ 34 billion in emergency aid to the unemployed will be spent quickly and help boost the fragile economic recovery .
Nearly half of the 15 million Americans out of work have been jobless for more than six months , the highest level of long - term unemployment since the government began keeping track in the 1940s .
Nearly a quarter of the unemployed have been out of work for more than a year .
In normal times , benefits expire after 26 weeks , but after the recession hit in late 2007 Congress expanded the program to cover up to 99 weeks of benefits .
From the Queen in a trench poncho to Steve McQueen in a Parka , here are some of the best cloak shots to give you some autumnal inspiration
This is from Atomic Bombing : How to Protect Yourself , published in 1950 :
Of course , millions of us will go through our lives never seeing a spy or a saboteur going about his business .
Thousands of us may , at one time or another , think we see something like that .
Only hundreds will be right .
It would be foolish for all of us to see enemy agents lurking behind every tree , to become frightened of our own shadows and report them to the F.B.I .
But we are citizens , we might see something which might be useful to the F.B.I. and it is our duty to report what we see .
It is also our duty to know what is useful to the F.B.I. and what is n’t .
[…]
If you think your neighbor has “ radical ” views — that is none of your or the F.B.I. ’s business .
After all , it is the difference in views of our citizens , from the differences between Jefferson and Hamilton to the differences between Truman and Dewey , which have made our country strong .
But if you see your neighbor — and the views he expresses might seem to agree with yours completely — commit an act which might lead you to suspect that he might be committing espionage , sabotage or subversion , then report it to the F.B.I .
After that , forget about it .
Mr. Hoover also said : “ Do not circulate rumors about subversive activities , or draw conclusions from information you furnish the F.B.I .
The data you possess might be incomplete or only partially accurate .
By drawing conclusions based on insufficient evidence grave injustices might result to innocent persons . ”
In other words , you might be wrong .
In our system , it takes a court , a trial and a jury to say a man is guilty .
Rhomobile today announced a new major version of Rhodes , the cross- platform framework for smartphones :
Rhodes 2.0 allows developers to rapidly build native apps for all major smartphones including iPhone , BlackBerry , Android , Windows Mobile , Symbian as well as the iPad .
Rhodes 2.0 , available for free , provides developers with powerful enhancements including faster sync , and optimized native styling for all smartphones and new capabilities including advanced multimedia support and a metadata framework that supports applications with changing underlying schema .
Until now , Rhodes was dual licensed under the GPL and a commercial license ( $ 500 per application ) , but from version 2.0 on , it is completely free and open under an MIT license ( note that the sync server RhoSync is not free , but if you do n't need to provide synchronized offline data , you now wo n't need to buy a license anymore ) .
An other very interesting new feature is bi-directional HD audio and video streaming , which " allows developers to easily add live audio and video capture and playback capabilities to their smartphone apps " .
InfoQ talked to Rhomobile CEO Adam Blum .
Adam explains :
Specifically you can write an app that captures audio and video from the device .
You could have an iPhone app that lets people do videoconferencing or capture video of , say , a field service problem inside that field service app .
Another addition that makes developing against customized and changing database schemas a lot easier is Rhodes ' new metadata framework :
This is critical to enable smartphone apps to be written for large enterprise applications such as SAP or SugarCRM ( ERP or CRM apps ) , because no company uses an " out of the box " schema .
Very few apps on the App Store work against big ERP or CRM apps because of this .
The metadata framework lets you write apps where the displayed forms and pages are not hardcoded but are driven by backend metadata
Rhodes developers use Ruby to write the application logic for smartphone apps .
Regarding Apple 's App Store and the recent discussion around the iPhone developer license change , will it still be possible to use Rhodes for iPhone and iPad development ?
In a blog post Adam writes that they " believe that we are compliant with the new iPhone 4.0 SDK rules , and we believe Rhodes apps will continue to be to be accepted on the App Store after adoption of the new TOS " .
There are also some new products coming out to " facilitate enterprise app distribution for iPhones and other devices , completely bypassing any App Store " .
The public beta of Rhodes 2.0 starts today , and the final release will be ready later this month .
Ivory Coast : Plugging ‘ Leeks ’ with a Swede ’s 4 - 3-3 ?
The Ivory Coast or Côte d’Ivoire , are touted as one of Africa ’s top teams , and have a huge array of talent within their squad .
They are also perennial underachievers , whose manager Vahid Halilhodžić was sacked after a late defeat to Algeria in the African Cup of Nations Quarter final in January .
Winning 2 - 1 with seconds left , Algeria scored to make it 2 - 2 and then scored in extra time to take them through , which was actually Halilhodžić ’s first defeat in a competitive game since he took over in 2008 .
The FIF President Jacques Anouma replaced Halilhodžić with Sven - Göran Eriksson in March , a name familiar to many fans around the world .
Eriksson was the second choice after Guus Hiddink , who chose Turkey instead , even after personal pleas from Didier Drogba , who won the FA Cup under Hiddink at Chelsea in 2009 .
The team was error strewn and leaderless in their game against South Korea in March , when they were desperate to get Hiddink .
The late appointment means that Eriksson and Grip have had just 3 months to organise themselves and decide how to approach the World Cup , and only had their first Ivory Coast game on May 31st .
Most of the team did n’t even meet him until a few days before the Paraguay match .
Not only this , but they have been drawn in the so - called Group of Death , with Brazil , Portugal and North Korea .
In 2006 they were also in the Group of Death , and managed to score in every group game , but they won only one against Serbia and Montenegro , losing 2 - 1 to Holland and Argentina .
This time around the group is no kinder .
The disappointing showing of the golden generation of the Ivory Coast , with world stars such as Drogba , Gervinho and the Toure brothers is a puzzling situation for many .
According to Eriksson there is a feeling within the team that they can do better , but the team needs to play as one , and not as individuals .
This is a classic example of individual talent lacking the framework of team spirit .
Tactics : An Unknown Quantity
Tactics under Halilhodžić fluctuated , but he mostly favoured a 4 - 3 - 3 , with wide men putting crosses into the box .
The fact that Eriksson has had so little time means that his precise plans are not apparent .
4 - 4 - 2 is the standard for Sven , but in his first friendly against Paraguay the formation and line - up , though experimental , resembled the 4 - 3 - 3 .
Drogba played as the central striker , and two wide men up front , with three midfielders in the centre .
At the World Cup expect this formation but with a more orthodox line up .
Line - Up Vs. Paraguay – 4 -3-3
Substitutions :
’ 46 Gervinho for Kalou
’ 46 Eboue for Gosso
’ 46 Bamba for K. Toure
’ 46 Fae for Romaric
’ 62 Doumbia for Drogba
’ 70 Keita for Dindane
Against Paraguay the same defensive problems were apparent .
Ivory Coast drew the game 2 - 2 , allowing Paraguay to score two goals in the last 17 minutes of the game .
The coach is different , but the defensive lapses remain .
The defence needs much more solid organisation to prevent players losing their man .
During the game the team put together short fast passes , and pressed well when they lost possession .
The goals came from set pieces ; a Drogba freekick and then a Bamba tap - in at the back post from a freekick .
The main use of the friendly was to test out the players and formation , so do n’t take too much from the players who started .
The Japan game will allow Eriksson another chance to test his team .
The First Choice – 4 - 3 - 3
At the Back ‘ keeper Boubacar Barry is a possible weakness , and the defence has been problematic .
Organisation is the main problem , as well as a tendency for the full backs to shirk their defensive duties .
Toure and Bamba should play central defence , and provide some solidity .
Eboue can play anywhere on the right , but he looks most likely to start as the right back , whilst Tiene who started as left back in the ACN will be there again this time round .
Zokora and Yaya are key players in central midfield , and players like Tiote and Romaric also play here , combining physical strength and skill .
Indeed Tiote has had a fantastic season lifting the Eredivisie title with FC Twente in Holland .
Tiote and Yaya can get forward and set up attacks with ease , and Romaric is also used as a playmaker for his club Sevilla .
Drogba leads the strikeforce and can take ball to feet , in the air , hold it up for support , as well as head in crosses from the flanks .
Kalou and Gervinho should be favourites to start in the wide positions , both are skilful players who can cut inside , and provide a good range of attacking options .
Edit : Drogba ’s injury against Japan is devastating , and will require a rethink on Sven ’s part .
The central midfielders get forward to support attacks , but cover when moving back , whilst the left and right backs like to push forward .
The wide men of the front three have the ability to cut in , and play as more orthodox strikers , or to go out wide and put the crosses in .
The team game is based on passing and powerful running .
Summary
The team possesses lots of attacking potential , but can be exposed in defence as against Algeria , and there are question marks over the quality of the goalkeeper Barry .
There is a great need for Sven to knit these individuals into a team which plays to the high standards it is capable of .
Sven may not be able to do this , his man management skills are not renowned , and this is a squad with some large personalities .
A well drilled defence is required as a solid base for the Ivory Coast to make progress , but in the short time Eriksson has with the players this is also unlikely , Japan is only his second game with the players .
If you rely on the Soccernomics predictions then they are n’t really going places in this competition , low GDP and low experience ; 2006 was their first final .
In short , a good squad with bags of talent , who will provide some exciting moments , but may not fulfil their potential .
The friendly against Japan tonight should cast more light on Sven ’s decisions .
A post by James Gillespie
Update : The Ivory Coast beat Japan 2 - 0 , but key striker Drogba may have fractured his elbow .
If the initial assessment is confirmed it will be a massive blow to the team .
Ivory Coast Final Squad
Goalkeepers : Boubacar Barry Lokeren ( BEL ) , Aristide Zogbo Maccabi Netanya ( ISR ) , Daniel Yeboah ASEC Mimosas ( CIV )
Defenders : Kolo Toure Manchester City ( ENG ) , Emmanuel Eboue Arsenal ( ENG ) , Guy Demel SV Hamburg ( GER ) , Souleman Bamba Hibernian ( SCO ) , Benjamin Angoua Brou Valenciennes ( FRA ) , Arthur Boka VfB Stuttgart ( GER ) , Siaka Tiene Valenciennes ( FRA ) , Steve Gohouri Wigan Athletic ( ENG )
Midfielders : Yaya Toure Barcelona ( ESP ) , Didier Zokora Sevilla ( ESP ) , Emmanuel Kone Curtea Arges ( ROM ) , Cheik Ismael Tiote FC Twente ( NED ) , Jean - Jacques Gosso Gosso Monaco ( FRA ) , Romaric N’dri Koffi Sevilla ( ESP )
Strikers : Didier Drogba Chelsea ( ENG ) , Salomon Kalou Chelsea ( ENG ) , Kader Keita Galatasaray ( TUR ) , Aruna Dindane Portsmouth ( ENG ) , Gervinho Lille ( FRA ) , Seydou Doumbia Young Boys ( SUI )
For the first time , astronomers have been able to directly follow the motion of an exoplanet as it moves from one side of its host star to the other .
The planet has the smallest orbit so far of all directly imaged exoplanets , lying almost as close to its parent star as Saturn is to the Sun .
Scientists believe that it may have formed in a similar way to the giant planets in the Solar System .
Only 12 million years old , or less than three - thousandths of the age of the Sun , Beta Pictoris is 75 % more massive than our parent star .
It is located about 60 light - years away towards the constellation of Pictor ( the Painter ) and is one of the best - known examples of a star surrounded by a dusty debris disc [ 1 ] .
Earlier observations showed a warp of the disc , a secondary inclined disc and comets falling onto the star .
" Those were indirect , but tell - tale signs that strongly suggested the presence of a massive planet , and our new observations now definitively prove this , " says team leader Anne- Marie Lagrange .
" Because the star is so young , our results prove that giant planets can form in discs in time - spans as short as a few million years . "
Recent observations have shown that discs around young stars disperse within a few million years , and that giant planet formation must occur faster than previously thought .
Beta Pictoris is now clear proof that this is indeed possible .
The team used the NAOS - CONICA instrument ( or NACO [ 2 ] ) , mounted on one of the 8.2 - metre Unit Telescopes of ESO 's Very Large Telescope ( VLT ) , to study the immediate surroundings of Beta Pictoris in 2003 , 2008 and 2009 .
In 2003 a faint source inside the disc was seen ( eso0842 ) , but it was not possible to exclude the remote possibility that it was a background star .
In new images taken in 2008 and spring 2009 the source had disappeared !
The most recent observations , taken during autumn 2009 , revealed the object on the other side of the disc after a period of hiding either behind or in front of the star ( in which case it is hidden in the glare of the star ) .
This confirmed that the source indeed was an exoplanet and that it was orbiting its host star .
It also provided insights into the size of its orbit around the star .
Images are available for approximately ten exoplanets , and the planet around Beta Pictoris ( designated " Beta Pictoris b " ) has the smallest orbit known so far .
It is located at a distance between 8 and 15 times the Earth - Sun separation -- or 8 - 15 Astronomical Units -- which is about the distance of Saturn from the Sun .
" The short period of the planet will allow us to record the full orbit within maybe 15 - 20 years , and further studies of Beta Pictoris b will provide invaluable insights into the physics and chemistry of a young giant planet 's atmosphere , " says student researcher Mickael Bonnefoy .
The planet has a mass of about nine Jupiter masses and the right mass and location to explain the observed warp in the inner parts of the disc .
This discovery therefore bears some similarity to the prediction of the existence of Neptune by astronomers Adams and Le Verrier in the 19th century , based on observations of the orbit of Uranus .
advertisement
" Together with the planets found around the young , massive stars Fomalhaut and HR8799 , the existence of Beta Pictoris b suggests that super - Jupiters could be frequent byproducts of planet formation around more massive stars , " explains Gael Chauvin , a member of the team .
Such planets disturb the discs around their stars , creating structures that should be readily observable with the Atacama Large Millimeter / submillimeter Array ( ALMA ) , the revolutionary telescope being built by ESO together with international partners .
A few other planetary candidates have been imaged , but they are all located further from their host star than Beta Pictoris b.
If located in the Solar System , they all would lie close to or beyond the orbit of the furthest planet , Neptune .
The formation processes of these distant planets are likely to be quite different from those in our Solar System and in Beta Pictoris .
" The recent direct images of exoplanets -- many made by the VLT -- illustrate the diversity of planetary systems , " says Lagrange .
" Among those , Beta Pictoris b is the most promising case of a planet that could have formed in the same way as the giant planets in our Solar System . "
Notes
[ 1 ] Debris discs are composed of dust resulting from collisions among larger bodies such as planetary embryos or asteroids .
They are larger versions of the zodiacal dust band in our Solar System .
The disc around Beta Pictoris was the first to be imaged and is now known to extend up to about 1000 times the distance between the Earth and the Sun .
[ 2 ] NACO is an adaptive optics instrument attached to ESO 's Very Large Telescope , located in Chile .
Thanks to adaptive optics , astronomers can remove most of the blurring effect of the atmosphere and obtain very sharp images .
This research is published in the journal Science ( " A Giant Planet Imaged in the disk of the Young Star Beta Pictoris , " by A. - M. Lagrange et al. ) .
The team is composed of A. - M. Lagrange , M. Bonnefoy , G. Chauvin , D. Ehrenreich , and D. Mouillet ( Laboratoire d'Astrophysique de l'Observatoire de Grenoble , Université Joseph Fourier , CNRS , France ) , D. Apai ( Space Telescope Science Institute , Baltimore , USA ) , A. Boccaletti , D. Gratadour , D. Rouan , and S. Lacour ( LESIA , Observatoire de Paris - Meudon , France ) , and M. Kasper ( ESO ) .
Now at the start of third trimester , I find it inconceivable that there are women at this stage — and beyond — who still do not know they ’re pregnant .
Here are the astonishing statistics : 1 in 455 women does n’t know she ’s pregnant until after week twenty , and 1 in 2,500 is oblivious until she actually goes into labor .
The latter are known to give birth , without medical assistance and in agonizing pain , in Walmart bathrooms and at proms , in dorm rooms and in their own bathrooms .
They had no idea they were pregnant because they had irregular periods , have been on birth control pills , are in perimenopause , have had menstrual - like bleeding , and / or are overweight and less sensitive to weight gain .
But I know what you ’re thinking because I ’ve thought it too : it ’s denial .
On some level the ladies must ’ve known they were pregnant but could n’t deal with the reality .
Yet the more I explore the origins of cryptic pregnancy , as the condition is clinically called , I realize that denial or mental illness does n’t explain most of the cases .
Only a minority of cryptic pregnancy cases has been attributed to personality disturbances ( 8 percent ) or schizophrenia ( 5 percent ) .
It appears that most of these women are perfectly sane , educated , and in stable relationships .
Quite simply , they do not know they ’re pregnant because they have no symptoms — no weight gain , no nausea , and little to no abdominal swelling .
Or the symptoms are so subtle as to be easily mistaken for something else .
Every pregnancy is a tug - of - war of resources between Mom and fetus .
Each has her self - interest in mind .
Most of the time the tug - of - war ends up in a happy equilibrium .
Mom provides enough nutrients , but not too much too handicap herself .
But sometimes
Mom gets more rope ….at the expense of the fetus .
According to evolutionary psychologist Marco Del Giudice this might happen in a few ways .
For one , the fetus might not be putting out enough signals that it exists and needs resources .
One way fetuses announce their existence is through HCG , the hormone that makes a home pregnancy test turn positive .
In many cases , the higher the HCG , the more severe the morning sickness and other symptoms .
A baby that produces a scant amount amounts of HCG might go “ under the radar , ” failing the pregnancy test and going unnoticed by the mother — physiologically and psychologically .
This would mean the baby gets fewer resources than she otherwise would .
The lack of HCG signaling in cryptic pregnancies explains why these babies are so often born preterm , underweight , and small for their gestational age .
They did n’t ask for more resources from Mom , and they did n’t get any .
There are a few reasons why a baby would n’t produce enough HCG .
One is chromosomal anomalies ; that is , the fetus has a birth defect and is in danger of miscarrying .
It ’s also possible that an otherwise healthy fetus simply puts out low quantities of the hormone due to a genetic quirk .
Or , here ’s an interesting theory : Maybe Mom has stress and relationship problems .
In this case , biologically speaking , it may be in the fetus ’s best interest for the mother to be completely oblivious to the fact that she ’s carrying to prevent being rejected and miscarried , which may happen when a woman is stressed .
As Del Giudice points out , in our evolutionary past a woman who did not know she was pregnant and had few to no symptoms could conserve precious energy .
She would be able to move freely and eat food of any kind , and as a result be better able to survive in the face of stresses and threats .
In this case , babies may put out less HCG or stressed - out moms may unconsciously lower their sensitivity to the hormones .
Seen this way , cryptic pregnancy is an adaptive “ emergency ” mechanism — essentially , the fetus sensing a threat and striking a bargain with the mother by demanding little and laying low .
When the normal stresses of pregnancy might otherwise trigger a miscarriage , this “ stealth strategy ” allows the fetus to survive .
Why CNN does n’t do global warming
Ross Gelbspan about why CNN does n’t do good coverage of climate change :
One of the first impacts of climatic instability is an increase in weather extremes – longer droughts , more heat waves , more severe storms and the fact that we get much more of our rain and snow in intense , severe downpours .
That is reflected in the fact that extreme weather events constitute a much larger portion of news budgets than they did 20 years ago .
Given the dramatic increase of extreme weather events – you would think that journalists , in covering these stories , would include the line : " Scientists associate this pattern of violent weather with global warming . "
They do n’t .
A few years ago I asked a top editor at CNN why , given the increasing proportion of news budgets dedicated to extreme weather , they did not make this connection .
He told me , " We did .
Once . "
But it triggered a barrage of complaints from oil companies and automakers who threatened to withdraw all their ads from CNN if the network continued to connect weather extremes to global warming .
Basically the industry intimidated CNN into dropping the one connection to which the average viewer could most easily relate .
There is one more phenomenon that has severely undermined press coverage of the climate crisis – and that ’s the conglomeratization of the news media .
Until about 15 years ago , most newspapers were owned by companies that were truly committed to the mission of providing news – and were content to reap a seven or eight percent profit margin .
But as huge media corporations began gobbling up many of the country ’s newspapers , investors became major drivers of press policy .
In short , Wall Street became the tail that wagged the dog .
To increase circulation , many papers have substituted more celebrity coverage , more self - help articles and more trivial medical news for investigative reporting of complex topics .
Dr. Trenberth on how climate change influences the severity of floods :
For every one degree Fahrenheit increase in sea temperature , the water holding capacity for the atmosphere goes up by 4 % .
And since the 1970 ’s on average there ’s about a 4 % increase in water vapor over the Atlantic Ocean and when that gets caught into a storm , it invigorates the storm so the storm itself changes , and that can easily double the influence of that water vapor and so you can get up to an 8 % increase , straight from the amount of water vapor that ’s sort of hanging around in the atmosphere .
This is reasonably well established .
And so then , when you have the right conditions , and in the spring time , these conditions tend to occur , and the storm stalls a little bit ( it ran up against a roadblock for a while ) , then this is one of the consequences .
So although a lot of aspects of this is the sort of thing that happens is weather and natural variability , one could easily argue that up to about a 10 % enhancement of this is associated with global warming .
And possibly even more in terms of some of the other things that are going on but which are much harder to pin down .
Joe Romm explains this graph , talking about how the Tennessee floods had large areas had extreme temperature events which happened once every 1000 years .
Eric Alterman analyzes how the BP oil spill was a disaster long in the making .
Amazing analysis , with lots of important links .
The MMS collected only 16 fines out of the 400 investigations it conducted into Gulf of Mexico drilling incidents over the past five years .
MMS found about 200 violations of safety and environmental regulations , but “ many proposed violations get reduced or dropped during behind - the - scenes reviews , ” according to a Houston Chronicle investigation .
Steven Thomas notes the problems in how Obama Administration decided on the offshore drilling issue :
Obama thought that funneling information through White House " czars " such as energy and environment adviser Carol Browner would get him all the data he needed .
He failed to drill into the government bureaucracy to test that information .
He did n’t , for example , ask about the Interior Department ’s Minerals Management Service , which had prepared a report in 2000 on the dangers of deepwater drilling that proved to be eerily predictive of what happened in the Gulf .
The MMS regulates offshore drilling .
He never talked to the Coast Guard about its 2002 oil - spill drill in the Gulf or to the man who ran it , Adm .
Thad Allen , who later would oversee the response to the Deepwater Horizon spill .
He did n’t reach out to outside experts , such as the National Academy of Engineering , to question claims that deepwater drilling technology was dependable .
Dr. Jeffrey Short talks about the Exxon Valdez oil recovery :
When an 11 - year - old girl is brutally raped and murdered in a quiet French village , a police detective who has forgotten how to feel emotions -- because of the death of his own family in some kind of accident -- investigates the crime , which turns out to ask more questions than it answers .
In his column in the Egyptian daily Rooz Al - Yousuf , dated June 29 , 2010 , Muhammad Hamadi gave statistics from a Hamas website showing that despite all the talk of a siege on the Gaza Strip , and in contrast to claims that Egypt has a role in starving the Palestinian people there , so many goods are streaming into Gaza that supply is greater than demand – and that as a result , produce , poultry , and beef are cheaper there than in Egypt .
He concluded that life under siege in Gaza is easier than it is in Egypt , where the people would love such a siege .
The following are translated excerpts from the article :
Hamas Has " Turned to Resistance Online and In the Media "
" After the [ Hamas ] movement abandoned the real resistance and turned to resistance online and in the media , one of Hamas 's many websites published an important report comparing prices of goods and produce in Egypt and in Gaza .
" The report states : A kilo of watermelon in Gaza costs less than one Egyptian lira , while in Egypt it costs over two lira ; a kilo of tomatoes in Gaza costs less than half a lira , while in Egypt it costs 1.5 lira ; a kilo of potatoes in Gaza costs half a lira , while in Egypt it costs two lira ; a kilo of onions in Gaza is one lira , while in Egypt a kilo of onions is 1.5 lira ; a kilo of garlic in Gaza is 10 lira , while in Egypt it is 15 lira .
" A kilo of chicken in Egypt is 20 lira , and in Gaza it goes for only 10 lira .
The average price of a kilo of beef in Egypt is 60 lira – while in besieged Gaza it goes for five lira .
A tray of eggs in Egypt is 19 lira , while in Gaza it is only 10 lira . "
" What Siege Are They Talking About ? "
" This comparison of prices between Egypt and Gaza , which has been under siege for three years , as they say , shows that life under siege is cheaper , more convenient , and easier ...
" So what siege are they talking about ?
Does the siege cause prices to drop ?
And how are goods flowing into Gaza despite the siege ? ...
" These questions are not being raised [ here ] in expectation of an answer from Hamas , but they are directed at all Hamas supporters in Egypt who see nothing wrong with accusing their own country of betraying the Palestinian cause and of starving the helpless Palestinian people with the oppressive siege on Gaza .
" If this is what it 's like in Gaza under siege , then the Egyptian people , who have been burned by the fire of prices and who peel off part of their limited income to save the besieged Gaza residents , [ should ] pray to Allah to smite them with [ such a ] siege , if the seige will lead to lower prices and make it possible for every common citizen to buy eggs , meat , and poultry like the Gaza residents do . "
SHANGHAI — While the yuan is expected to see mainly symbolic gains against the U.S. dollar Monday , China 's stock and bond markets will likely rally in reaction to Beijing 's pledge Saturday to increase the currency 's flexibility after nearly two years of keeping it pegged against the dollar .
With China 's latest move clearly aimed at easing international criticism of its rigid currency policy ahead of the Group of 20 summit in Toronto this coming weekend , a guiding of the yuan higher as early as Monday from its de - facto peg at ...
Long overdue update on that job post thing : Ranee Stewart has joined the team as our production coordinator .
She 's been putting together the first big trip of the new video for the last month and she is absolutely knocking it out of the park .
We 've got two visas down so far and two more to go .
I should be hitting the road in about a month .
Incidentally : how hard do you think it is to get an Afghanistan visa ?
Turns out it 's not that hard .
A valid passport and two photo IDs and you can pretty much wander into a war zone .
I 'm starting to get extremely motivated to get going on this new video .
Having Ranee on board to plow through the bookings and applications has removed the last motivational barrier .
I 'm finally looking forward to living in airports and waking up in a new country every other day .
The dance training has been coming along .
I got a crowd together in Volunteer Park a couple weekends ago to try out some moves and practice teaching them to people .
It 's new and challenging ; the old dance was totally un -self - conscious , so it was easy to get big , goofy smiles out of people .
When you 're actually trying to learn something , you tend to look grim and determined , so it 's harder to bring out that lightness of spirit .
It takes rehearsal , but not too much or else everyone looks bored .
Tricky !
Aside from that I 've just been lining up people to dance with in the Middle East , waiting for visas to come through , and enjoying the spring .
I 'm working on integrating some sort of Twittery Faceybookyness into the site for the trip .
Since finishing the book , I 'm kind of done with long , meandering blog posts and it seems like the rest of the world is too .
I 'm thinking I 'll do full posts every now and then and punctuate them with short bursts of a sentence or two with a photo -- internet and smartphone technology permitting .
It would all be visible from this site , though , so ( hopefully ) no need to sign up for anything you 're not already signed up for .
The last thing I want to do is prompt anyone to join Facebook .
Oh , almost forgot .
A very satisfying email exchange :
*****
' Here is our hero , educating Mesut Özil in the ways of Löw , ' parps Rob Marriott .
' I realise that this may need a rudimentary grasp of German pronunciation .
But Guardian readers are learned , are n't they ?
Mostly ?
Maybe ? '
Photograph : guardian.co.uk
Having been featured in several Guitar Hero games and toured with Metallica , it ’s pretty safe to conclude that The Sword is a metal band well on the rise .
This summer , the band will look to further the hype when it releases its third album , Warp Riders on Kemado Records .
The album , dropping August 24th , will be one of a long list of metal albums featuring science fiction - themed lyrics .
For example , the album sports song titles such as “ Acheron / Unearthing The Orb ” and “ ( The Night Sky Cried ) Tears of Fire ” .
Furthermore , a press release describes the storyline as a “ psychedelic space opera that explores temporal themes of death and rebirth . ”
Epic concept albums are always fun , even when they suck , so we ca n’t really lose with this .
The Sword has reportedly dropped the “ pure metal ” sound that has defined them to date , mixing in a more general hard rock sound — which might scream sellout , but time will tell .
No word on supporting tour dates just yet , but the band is confirmed to appear at this year ’s Austin City Limits Music Festival , set to take place between October 8th and 10th in Austin , Texas .
Today , I got caught up enough from my tour to update my ThinkPad to the latest version of Ubuntu .
Lucid Lynx went in like butter .
The update ran unattended , took about 1h including downloading the whole OS , updated all of my apps without a hitch , and is running smoothly .
I 'll let you know if anything breaks , but this looks like yet another flawless Ubuntu update for me , making me a very , very satisfied user indeed .
I know I once promised to document my Ubuntu Linux changeover in detail , but it does n't look like it 's going to happen .
To be honest , there just was n't much to write about .
I bought a ThinkPad ( currently using the X200 , lusting after the X201 ) , downloaded and burned a CD , stuck it in the drive , turned it on , clicked " Install . "
To move my data over from my old Mac , I booted it into USB - drive mode and dragged the files over .
Getting DRM 'ed audiobooks out of iTunes was the hardest part ( all hail AudioHijack , which let me capture the files , though it took a month 's constant playback on three old Powerbooks to convert my thousands of dollars ' worth of Audible books to MP3 so I could take them with ) .
Since then , it 's Just Worked .
When I need to do something new — edit audio , say — I go to the software center and look at what apps exist for that purpose , select some highly rated ones , download them , try them , keep the one I like ( all the software is free , so this is easy ) .
Migrating to new machines ?
Easy .
Just take my list of installed apps to the new machine as a text - file on a USB key and ask Software Center to download them and configure them .
Backups ?
Easy : external generic USB drive and rsync ( exactly what I used with my Mac ) .
For the first two or three weeks , there was some disorientation .
None of the things I used were where I expected to find them .
It was the OS equivalent of when we remodeled the kitchen and it took me two weeks to remember where the new cutlery drawer was .
Then the OS vanished : of course it did .
It 's plumbing .
You 're not supposed to notice plumbing .
If you have to notice plumbing , there 's something wrong with the plumbing .
Do I have to type in a lot of arcane command - line gibberish ?
No .
I sometimes choose to because I like having little pythony things lying around that friends have written for me or that I 've pieced together myself , but that was true on my Mac as well .
I could happily do all the important things on my machine without ever touching the terminal .
Does everything work ?
Hell yeah .
Ubuntu 's support for arcane stuff like 3G modems is vastly superior to anything I 've seen on the Mac or Windows : just plug in the modem , wait for it to autodetect , confirm its guess , and go .
The sexy multifunction Logitech mouse ?
Just worked — no drivers required .
My HP all - in - one scanner / copier / printer ?
Just worked .
Webcams , USB mics , etc etc ?
Never had to download a driver , never had to install a driver : they just worked .
Oh , sure , sometimes I do n't know off the bat how to do something a little arcane ( after I replaced the UK keyboard my ThinkPad came with with the US version , I had to figure out where to tell the OS about it , for instance ) , but it 's never more than one or two googles away .
And sometimes apps crash , but not often — and the OS itself has crashed so infrequently that the most common cause of my reboots is running out of battery .
The folks at Canonical were kind enough to give me a comp support account , and I 've used it a couple times for weird , dire things , like recovering from serious hardware errors or getting the crypto stuff on my encrypted partition just right , and they are excellent , but these are the kinds of problems I expect to need a hint or two from an expert with .
So there you have it : Ubuntu : It Just Works .
Install it , spend two weeks wondering where the cutlery drawer is , watch it disappear .
Thereafter , only notice it when it does something amazing , like flawless OS updates or very simple transfers to new machines .
You can download and burn a Lucid Lynx CD free , boot any machine from it , and give Ubuntu a test - drive .
Try it !
Lucid Lynx
Elon — half a billion dollars , biggest commercial launch deal in history .
Reinforces fact that Falcon 9 is vehicle of choice not just for NASA but also for commercial sector .
Also a lot of international customers .
Good thing for US in particular because vehicles are built 100 % in the US .
US has n’t been cost competitive in launch market , but are now .
2015 - 2017 for launch .
Expect a couple dozen launches before then .
Bobby Block :
What does mean in terms of what you ’ll be looking for from the government to accelerate both crew and cargo ?
Elon :
Wo n’t make much difference , but does validate the NASA ’s approach .
Over the long term the cost to NASA and the taxpayer will be less because fixed costs will be divided by larger number of launches .
Dragon is currently long pole , and this deal does n’t affect that .
Block : People talking about Shuttle extension and more flights .
If Shuttle is extended will it affect COTS ?
Elon :
Does n’t see it affecting things .
Assume that everyone knows that extending / restarting not a viable option .
An extra Shuttle flight will cost a lot of money , more than SpaceX is getting for the entire NASA constract .
Claire Moskowitz : When launching out of Vandenberg ?
Elon :
Two years from now , roughly .
Using SLC - 4 , former Titan IV facility ( just like at the Cape ) .
So they have a good understanding of what it takes to convert , 12 - 18 months .
Moskowitz : How about Taiwan launch on Falcon 1e ?
Elon : Been in discussion for a couple years .
Planning to do a number of Falcon 1e launches .
Over forty launches manifested by the end of the year .
Alan Boyle :
How many launches is the contract ?
About ten ?
One more provider to receive lion ’s share ?
Elon :
No insight into other provider .
SpaceX is primary provider , so other will be a backup or secondary .
Ca n’t comment on exact number of launches , depends on final satellite configuration .
Elon :
Most of the money goes to satellite production , the half billion is just the launch piece .
Part of the cost is dispenser development , so it ’s not all launch costs .
MSNBC : When is next launch , and what is cash situation ( talking about Pasztor ’s billion - dollar number ) .
Elon : Pasztor ’s article rife with errors .
In good financial shape but may take on debt for working capital .
May also take in strategic investor .
Next launch toward end of summer .
Falcon 9 carrying operational version of Dragon .
Todd Halvorson :
What is total backlog of Falcon 1/9 launches ?
Elon : Low thirties in terms of backlog .
Will be over forty by the end of the year .
Halvorson : Assuming that Iridium are polar , will any be equatorial ?
Elon :
Some chance of equatorial , but all current plans high inclination .
Irene Klotz : Location of Falcon 1e with Taiwan satellite ?
Elon : Kwaj .
Klotz : How much to convert SLC - 4 for Falcon 9 ?
Elon : $ 40 - $ 50 M .
Klotz : Who was competition for Iridium ?
Elon : Everyone .
French satellite , so no restrictions on American content issue .
Global competition .
Klotz :
How is data analysis from flight going ?
Elon :
Not a lot to report .
It went great .
Slight roll anomaly isolated to probably the roll - control actuator , but still not positive , still seeking internal consensus .
A little too concerned that it went too good .
Will be looking for “ near misses ” to prepare for next flight .
Space News :
Is contract for all seventy two birds , or just a piece of the Constellation ?
Elon : Does n’t want to discuss that , ask Iridium .
ALan Boyle :
Any better sense of how long the Dragon test article will stay in orbit ?
Is there another client for the mission , perhaps classified ?
Can you say anything ?
Elon : Laughs , can neither confirm or deny .
Dragon will stay up for a year or two , and burn up on entry .
Halvorson : Comment on how SpaceX operates versus legacy companies in terms of costs ?
Elon : Does n’t like to give sound bites — oversimplifies .
Needs to write a paper on it .
Like asking why Southwest is cheaper .
Not just because they use 737s .
SpaceX operates on a Silicon Valley OS and DNA .
Sort of like an Intel or Apple or Google of space transport .
Vertical integration helps also , once problems are solved .
Too much outsourcing in traditional aerospace .
They cut out middlemen .
Using legacy components means inheriting legacy cost structure .
Tightly integrated team , with factory on the same floor as engineering .
Everyone in a cube , including him .
Also , very simple , with same propellants in both stages .
Upper stage simply a short version of first stage .
Same engine on both stages , so lots of economies of scale from Merlin .
Klotz : Launch escape in house , or contract ?
Elon : Building liquid escape engines into sidewall of Dragon , which will be safety improvement over solid .
Wo n’t have to eject a tower .
Having something that you have to eject every flight seems like a crazy idea .
Will have escape capability all the way to orbit .
International Business :
Is this part of the two and a half billion in contracts ?
Elon :
Yes , it ’s about $ 2.7B , including this , through 2017 , but bulk over the next five years .
Are Chinese competition ?
Yes , when international customer .
How much financial margin ?
Can you avoid the Sea Launch problem ?
Elon : Cash flow not significantly affected even in stand down .
Sea Launch suffered from single - point failure of launch platform .
Tough to recover from .
SpaceX has site flexibility of Vandenberg , Cape and Kwaj .
Space News : Might want to check out if Chinese were eligible to bid for Iridium work .
Elon :
Not sure they were , just thought they were because of French satellite .
You may know more than me , but did n’t think there was an ITAR issue .
Conference over .
[ Update a few minutes later ]
The one question that I did n’t capture was mine .
I asked him if they knew yet why the first stage did n’t survive entry , or if they would have to wait for another flight to get better data ( because they did n’t get the microwave imaging data they wanted ) .
He said that they still did n’t know , and might not figure it out until they try again .
I followed up , asking if he could conceive of a time that they might just give up on it , and pull the recovery systems out to give them more payload .
I was surprised at the vehemence of his answer ( paraphrasing ) : “ We will never give up !
Never !
Reusability is one of the most important goals .
If we become the biggest launch company in the world , making money hand over fist , but we ’re still not reusable , I will consider us to have failed . ”
I told him that I was very gratified to hear that , because I like reusability .
[ Early afternoon update ]
Here ’s Bobby Block ’s report on the presser .
By Richard Black
Environment Correspondent , BBC News website , Darwin
The data is described as " very worrying "
In a decade the average size recorded by observers has shrunk from 7 m to 5m .
Whale sharks , the world 's largest fish , are caught for food in some east Asian countries and Australian researchers suspect this is causing a decline .
The fish is listed as " vulnerable " , and one of the authors of the new study has described the new finding as " a very worrying sign " .
The data comes from ecotourism companies which run expeditions to watch whale sharks and swim with them in Ningaloo Marine Park off the north - west coast .
" The eco -tourism industry logs the position and size and sex of every shark it swims with , " said Mark Meekan , of the Australian Institute of Marine Science ( Aims ) .
" We have obtained those datasets and analysed them over time , " he told the BBC News website , " and essentially what we have seen in the last decade is a decline in average size of shark from 7 m to 5 m .
" Now , if you consider that the sharks probably are n't sexually reproductive or mature until they 're 6 or 7 m long - that 's a very worrying sign . "
Looking for options
Whale sharks ( Rhincodon typus ) are filter feeders , eating small marine organisms such as krill .
They can live for up to 150 years , attaining lengths of more than 15 m , and are believed to reach sexual maturity around the age of 30 .
The fish are placid filter - feeders
" Whale sharks , like many other shark species , are highly vulnerable to over - exploitation due to their long lifespan and low reproductive rate , " commented Callum Roberts , of York University in the UK , who has researched whale sharks extensively in the Caribbean .
" They have been added to CITES ' list of species threatened by international trade , " he told the BBC News website , " but this will not protect them if they are caught by , for example , Taiwanese vessels and then consumed in Taiwan .
" So whale sharks are at risk , and the decline in size might be due to capture of large sharks . "
There are also indications that the number of sharks visiting Australian waters may be decreasing , which would be additional evidence for a decline prompted by over - fishing .
Playing tag
Aims researchers are running a tagging programme in an attempt to plot whale shark migration routes between Australia , Asia and the eastern coast of Africa .
Specimens tagged in Australia have swum to Asian waters ; last month a tag transmitted for days from the same location in Indonesia , apparently on land , leading researchers to suspect that the shark had been caught and the tag removed .
Either the meat is eaten , or the giant fins used as advertising boards for restaurants serving shark fin soup ; livers are used for oil , and cartilage in traditional Chinese medicine .
Finding migration routes could help pinpoint areas where they are being caught .
" Many of the people doing the fishing are just local villagers with no other option , " said Mark Meekan .
" If we know who they are , we can give them another option , and that option is very lucrative ; the ecotourism industry in Ningaloo generates AU$ 70 m ( £ 28 m ; US$ 50 m ) a year , enough to support an entire town . "
Longer term objectives of the Aims programme include finding out more about the life cycle of the whale shark .
The biggest mystery concerns breeding and reproduction ; males and females live in largely segregated communities , but must come together somewhere to breed .
They are believed to bear live young , but sightings of pups are extremely rare .
