Six years after the invasion of Iraq , British troops yesterday formally ended their combat mission , the UK's most controversial military operation since the Suez crisis more than 50 years ago , when they handed over their airport base to a US brigade .
" The role of British ground forces is finished , " a defence official said , having completed their mission of mentoring and training two Iraqi army divisions .
Yesterday 's ceremonies were in many ways symbolic .
British forces had been winding down their presence in Basra for many weeks and had already handed over responsibility for Basra 's security to the Iraqis at the start of the year .
It was significant that UK forces handed over their base not to the Iraqis but the Americans .
US forces will remain in Basra protecting the important supply route from Kuwait , and helping the Iraqi army and police force .
A memorial service was held in Basra for the 179 British personnel who have died since the invasion , attended by John Hutton , the defence secretary .
He said : " I think when the history is written of this campaign , they will say of the British military ' we did a superb job ' . "
All the remaining 4,000 or so UK troops in Basra will have left the base by 31 May , say defence officials , but around 400 will remain training Iraqi forces , mainly the navy , at Umm Qasr , Basra 's port .
Air Chief Marshal Sir Jock Stirrup , chief of the defence staff , said British forces had made an " outstanding contribution to the transition of Iraq from dictatorship and regional pariah to burgeoning democracy and constructive partner " .
General Sir Richard Dannatt , the head of the army , said " the road to success has been long and , at times , painful ...
As in any operation of this nature and complexity , things did not always develop as we might have expected .
It is therefore critical that we , as an army and within defence as a whole , learn from our experiences in Iraq and implement those lessons for current and future operations . "
David Cameron said that now the departure of British forces was imminent , it was time the government announced what he called " a proper Franks - style inquiry " into the events leading up to the invasion of Iraq .
The Franks inquiry into the Argentinian invasion of the Falklands was made up of privy counsellors and met in private .
Gordon Brown and Nouri al - Maliki , Iraq 's prime minister , marked the end of military operations by signing an agreement on economic and technical co-operation .
Brown said after talks at No 10 that Britain wanted to get involved in protecting oil supplies from Iraq , which produces nearly 2 m barrels of oil a day .
Maliki later joined senior Iraqi officials and business leaders at a London investment conference attended by representatives from more than 200 companies , from Shell to Rolls - Royce and Barclays Capital .
" There are people in Iraq who want the government to fail but our armed forces are ready to face these challenges , " Maliki said , arguing that security and economic progress went hand in hand .
" We need , more than at any other time in the past , a vibrant private sector . "
He said that his government was working to amend Iraqi law to allow foreign investors to own land .
Currently , foreign investors are permitted to lease property for up to 50 years .
Iraq has been badly hit in recent months by weak oil prices , and falling production and exports , and the government has had to cut its 2009 budget several times .
Douglas Alexander , the international development secretary , said : " As the military - led phase of our engagement in Iraq ends we look forward to a future based on close economic and cultural ties . "
Discussion Topic Return to Forum List
This thread has been locked Messages 1 - 17 of total 17 in this topic pcousar
Sport climber White Salmon , WA Topic Author 's Original Post - Jun 2 , 2009 - 03:16 pm PT
Received these pics in an email .
Taken by D. Wilder in Glacier NP .
Came across the critters hiking along a closed road .
Studly
Trad climber WA Jun 2 , 2009 - 03:18 pm PT
Whoa , thats heavy .
and sad .
Willoughby
Social climber Truckee , CA Jun 2 , 2009 - 03:21 pm PT
That 's impressive !
Looks like the cat 's got a mouthful of fur , and the sheep got one of it 's horns knocked off on impact .
I gotta wonder how often this happens .
I 'm sure both predator and prey push the very limits in order to achieve their respective agendas ( eat / do n't get eaten ) .
This same scenario was going through my mind watching some of that recent snow leopard footage .
It 's a jungle out there ...
Hardman Knott
Gym climber Muir Woods National Monument , Mill Valley , Ca Jun 2 , 2009 - 03:36 pm PT
Very sad , indeed
( although one of them was dead for sure - and not exactly in the nicest way imaginable ) ...
Mark Hudon
Trad climber Hood River , OR Jun 2 , 2009 - 05:40 pm PT
Wow , that 's rather amazing .
Charlie D .
Trad climber Western Slope , Tahoe Sierra Jun 2 , 2009 - 05:47 pm PT
Could have been taken out by an avalanche earlier ????
That very thing did happen years ago with a lynx and goat up on Rogers Pass .
originalpmac
Trad climber Ouray , CO Jun 2 , 2009 - 05:51 pm PT beautiful in a stark , life is beautiful in its own sometimes morbid way sort of way .
anybody remember the video clip of a golden eagle dragging a goat off a cliff to kill it ?
painful and sad , but such is life and it goes on .
Evel
Trad climber the cliffs of insanity Jun 2 , 2009 - 06:39 pm PT
I remember being at the New many years ago and all of the group noticed a terrible odor .
Seems as though a deer had been chased off the cliff and was caught by the neck in the V of a tree trunk maybe 25 ' off the deck .
Natural Selection is a Beautiful Thing .................. reddirt
climber Elevation 285 ft Jun 2 , 2009 - 07:20 pm PT one of them might have stood a chance if some other animal did n't put that big chunk of asphalt there ...
Jaybro
Social climber Wolf City , Wyoming Jun 2 , 2009 - 07:25 pm PT did they both get hit by a car ?
pcousar
Sport climber White Salmon , WA Topic Author 's Reply - Jun 2 , 2009 - 07:34 pm PT
What DMT said , not avalanche or car .
Looks pretty fresh too .
tradmanclimbs
Ice climber Pomfert VT Jun 2 , 2009 - 10:18 pm PT
I was in yellostone mid nintys and a ranger told me about finding a wolf who had implaed herself on a sharp stick .
the theory was she was at a dead run chasing food and never saw the sharp stick .
Totaly skewered right through .
they went looking for her when her radio collar stopped moveing and found her dead on a stick .
neebee
Social climber calif / texas Jun 2 , 2009 - 10:52 pm PT
hey there , say .... folks do n't always get to see this aspect of nature , without needing to make a run for it , themselves , from such a happening ...
but , snce the happening , happened differently , in this instance ,
we are allowed to " peek in " on what might have been ...
oh my ...
thanks for the share ...
Robb
Social climber
It 's like FoCo in NoCo Daddy - O! Jun 2 , 2009 - 11:01 pm PT Looks like Going to the Sun road in GNP .
One way ride from the top all the way to the bottom w/ out the road .
Very steep to vertical the whole side of the mountain .
Willoughby
Social climber Truckee , CA Jun 3 , 2009 - 12:14 am PT tradman - I have a photo of a bee that did the same thing on a piece of barbed - wire .
Maybe not worth scanning the slide , since I 'm sure you can get the idea , but it was just the damnedest thing to come across - a bee that had poked itself between the eyes on the barbed - wire , presumably at full bee - speed , and stuck there .
Jaybro
Social climber Wolf City , Wyoming Jun 3 , 2009 - 03:12 am PT
Just stirring the pot , DMT .
Gunkie
climber East Coast US Jun 3 , 2009 - 09:11 am PT Climbing in the Gunks , Near Trapps , down by ' I'm OK , You 're OK '
I caught sight of something falling in the corner of my vision .
I jumped , thinking it was a rock , but the thing was falling way too slowly .
It was a chipmunk who probably tried to jump between branches of a nut tree at the top of the cliff , missed , and went for the big ride .
The little guy hit , bounced , tried to run , and just stopped .
We buried him off the trail with a rock acting as a tombstone .
Or maybe the little guy owed a vig to ' Bruno the Racoon ' ?
Ya know , accidents happen , fires can start anywhere .
Messages 1 - 17 of total 17 in this topic Return to Forum List
Recently I wrote an article about the creation of a new web service called Libre. fm , I ’d like to fill you in on some of the developments since then .
I was fortunate enough to get some input at the time from Matt Lee , instigator of the project .
Libre.fm is a free network service aimed at replacing Last . fm initially but also going beyond that to develop unique features of it ’s own .
The service is still in alpha at the moment but it ’s developing really quickly .
I ’ve been impressed by it ’s progress and the developer mailing list is packed with action every day .
There seems to be a real appetite for an AGPL web service of this kind .
In the short time since I first wrote about it the Libre.fm project has picked names for it ’s components .
The server back end will be called GNUkebox and the client is to be dubbed Nixtape ( sorry for the terrible pun ) .
Slightly odd names perhaps but I particularly like Nixtape .
According to the Libre.fm development road map as of May 4th ( Star Wars day ) the service has 4000 users and 3 million plays have already been submitted .
That ’s pretty staggering for something that only began a few weeks ago .
On a personal note , I ’ve managed to get everything set up on my desktop and I ’m now reporting tracks to Libre.fm .
I ’ve also imported all of my data from Last.fm .
You can see my Libre.fm account at http://alpha.libre.fm/user/MethodDan/ and marvel at my eclectic musical tastes .
I use Rhythmbox as my primary music player and in order to submit tracks to Libre . fm I had to do a little hack on my hosts file .
Now , this may seem daunting but really it ’s pretty simple .
I do hope more user friendly tools will be developed for Libre.fm in future but it ’s still in it ’s infancy and for now this works .
Here ’s what you need to do ( these instructions are for Linux users but there are tips for all operating systems in the wiki ) :
Sign up or an account with Libre.fm by going to the website Next you need to modify your hosts file to point at the Libre.fm scrobbler , it ’s located at /etc / hosts Open a terminal and type sudo nano /etc / hosts to edit the file with Nano EDIT : new users may prefer to use gedit or kate like so sudo gedit /etc/ hosts Add the line 89.16.177.55 post.audioscrobbler.com near the top , the exact position does n’t matter but below the 2 localhost entries is a good spot Save the file and close the terminal Make sure you have your last .
fm plugin or whatever you use to submit to last .fm now set with the right username and password for your new Libre.fm account Listen to some music ( the best step )
You should see your track list being populated on the website .
Not too difficult but as I said an automated tool to fix this in future would be great .
Most end users do n’t want to have to edit config files it seems .
It ’s being worked on and the developers are doing a great job .
The other thing I did was to export all my listening data from Last.fm with the tools suggested on the ideas wiki , the instructions there are very clear and I recommend them .
The basic process involves using lastscrape.py to copy all your plays out of Last . fm into a text file .
From there you can use another script called import .py to send them to Libre.fm in batches of 50 .
The whole process took a while for me with over 10,000 plays to export but after about an hour it was complete .
So now all my tracks are going to Libre.fm and I ’m pretty happy with that .
The project is taking shape really quickly and new features are being added all the time , I think exciting times lie ahead .
When I told a friend recently tat Libre.fm had only been going for just over a month they did n’t believe me , that says it all hehe 🙂
Manage Favorites
Favorites is a term which refers to URLs saved in Internet Explorer browser .
Thanks to favorites , Internet surfers can collect a list of useful websites while browsing the Net , and revisit them later without memorizing addresses .
Not so long ago , Internet Explorer provided very limited support of moving , renaming , and editing favorites .
Since then , it has significantly broadened functionality giving users more possibilities to manage favorites .
Now , an Internet Explorer user can create categories and folders ; move , rename , drag or delete favorites ; add dividers , etc .
If an IE Favorites menu ’s functionality is not enough for you to manage favorites , and it does not meet your needs , try one of third - party Favorites Managers .
As a rule , they come with additional functions which IE bookmarking tool lacks , such as advanced management , synchronizing between browsers , searching features , automatic checking of dead links , skins to chose from , etc .
Anyway , whether you use IE Favorites menu or a third - party manager , you should keep in mind these ideas on how to manage favorites efficiently :
1.Managing favorites requires creating a list of categories which represent your major activities and interests .
Remember that IE Favorites menu comes with a default list of categories .
You should better create your own one and delete those which you ’ll hardly ever use .
2.To prevent you from getting lost in the long list of categories , just locate the frequently used ones at the top , and arrange the others in an alphabetical order .
3.As soon as you notice that the number of favorites in one category rises beyond twenty , start creating subfolders .
It enables to manage favorites easier and keep them always organized .
4. If you do not have enough time to organize favorites properly as soon as you add a new one , create a category or folder named Inbox .
Here you will add all just saved links , and get back to them when it ’s convenient for you .
5 . You should fall into a habit to add a short description and several keywords each time when you save a URL .
Unless you do it , you will soon get lost in a long list of favorites and could hardly remember why you made a particular bookmark .
6.Sometimes , contribute a little time to manage favorites and put them in order .
Despite the fact that initially favorites were supposed to ease users ’ work and save time , for some users managing favorites turns into burden and makes a workflow slow .
To solve this problem , we have designed Tidy Favorites – a user - friendly Favorites Manager which replaces plain text - links by a thumbnail - based interface .
Download it and see how easily you can manage your bookmarks .
The first genetic analysis of the H1N1 flu has revealed that things may not be as bad as first feared , although scientists admit that history may provide an example that no - one wants to see followed .
Advertisement
British scientists Nicholas Grassly of Imperial College London and Andrew Rambaut of the University of Edinburgh have studied the virus ' rate of spread , and discovered that it 's much slower than many had thought ... in fact , only just fast enough to keep itself from dying out :
If the new virus spreads from one infected person to the next at about the same speed as ordinary flu , that gives an idea of how many cases there may have been in that time .
A mathematical model permits the calculation of an important variable called R0 – the number of additional people infected , on average , by each case .
If R0 is less than one , an infection dies out .
Grassly also cautions that the estimate is very preliminary .
But with the data available now , he gets an R0 of 1.16 – enough for the virus to keep going , but only just .
Advertisement
Do n't celebrate just yet , however ; New Scientist points out that the flu pandemic of 1918 first presented with a similarly low rate of spread ( 1.45 ) that jumped to 3.75 during a more deadly second wave .
For now , though , here 's hoping that the rate falls just that little bit further to take it over the edge .
First genetic analysis of swine flu reveals potency [ New Scientist ]
School lunch programs across the country are being smothered under mountains of debt , bureaucratic indifference and melted cheese product .
You may have wondered , as I have , why obesity is epidemic among school - aged children and adolescents .
Part of the reason can be found in what happens after the midday school bell rings and kids pile into the cafeteria .
They are hit with a one - two punch of reduced food quality and a developed taste for fast food that ’s usually high - fat and high - sugar .
In the Chicago Public School System nachos are now served every day .
Naturally , they are a favorite among students , but the schools also benefit because the cost is so low : $ 1 per meal , according to the Chicago Tribune .
In one high school , the Tribune says lunches typically consist of nachos , fries , canned fruit and chocolate milk .
It ’s not only that the meals are unhealthy , but they set the table for a lifetime of bad eating habits .
Of course , school lunches have always been somewhat marginal in terms of quality .
Do n’t expect Anthony Bourdain to do an episode of No Reservations focusing on school cafeterias .
( Takes a forkful of mystery meat , chews , looks into the camera and says , “ Oh yeah …
This is what I ’m talking about . ” )
Historically , school lunches have been basic fare , but not appalling .
One of the earliest school lunches , in Cleveland circa 1909 , consisted of “ bread and jam and a hot dish , such as beef stew , minced meat with potatoes , thick soup , or macaroni with tomato sauce .
A few , on order from the medical inspector , get milk in the morning , ” according to this report from the US Department of Agriculture .
But other countries do much better , investing in school lunches that actually look appetizing .
( First check out the photo of the nachos and chocolate milk in the Tribune story , then peruse the pictures of foreign lunch trays from this interesting blog called whatsforschoollunch . )
The danger is that school lunches appear to be deteriorating .
School budgets are being gutted at the same time free and reduced lunch participation is at an all - time high — 20 million kids are being fed under the program .
On a Web site called School Lunch Talk ( yes , there really is a Web site for everything ) , a recent post notes that principals tend to allow unhealthy foods because of the income it generates .
In some New York City schools , kids are getting by on water and Gummi bears — candy and soda bring in revenue .
Public school critics often repeat the argument that you ca n’t solve the country ’s education problems by throwing money at them .
But my view is that this kind of basic student service should be an exception .
At minimum , food and drinks sold at school should n’t be considered an income source .
— A photograph taken by a student shows more racist graffiti painted inside North Carolina State University ’s Free Expression Tunnel .
The graffiti included an image of a swastika and racial slurs .
It has since been painted over white .
Campus police said they had gotten a report of graffiti in the tunnel .
The tunnel has been the center of controversy since four N.C. State students admitted to spraypainting racist graffiti in it the night President Barack Obama was elected .
The state chapter of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People called for the students to be expelled , but N.C. State officials said there were no grounds for expulsion .
The Wake County District Attorney 's Office determined the incident was not a hate crime .
According to a Freedom of Information Act reply from the U.S. Bureau of Transportation Statistics ( BTS ) , the last known pre-9/11 flights for three of the four aircraft involved in the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 took place in December , 2000 , nine months before the attacks , while no pre-9/11 final flight information was provided for American Airlines flight 77 ( N644AA ) .
However , a discovered searchable online BTS database produces the following search results for three of the four 9/11 aircraft on September 10 , 2001 :
AA 11 departs San Francisco ( SFO ) : AA
09/10/2001 0198 ( flight number ) N334AA ( tail number ) BOS ( destination ) 22:04 ( wheels - off time )
UA 175 departs San Francisco ( SFO ) : UA 09/10/2001 0170 ( flight number ) N612UA ( tail number ) BOS ( destination ) 13:44 ( wheels - off time )
UA 93 departs San Francisco ( SFO ) : UA 09/10/2001 0078 ( flight number ) N591UA ( tail number ) EWR ( destination ) 23:15 ( wheels - off time )
http://www.bts.gov/xml/ontimesummarystatistics/src/dstat/OntimeSummaryDepatures.xml
AA 11 :
http://i224.photobucket.com/albums/dd121/88Badmachine88/AABTS.jpg
UA 175 and UA 93
http://i224.photobucket.com/albums/dd121/88Badmachine88/UABTS.jpg
Regarding the Verizon and ‘ iPhone Lite ’ Rumors
There ’s been much speculation this week regarding reports in BusinessWeek and The Wall Street Journal of talks between Apple and Verizon .
To wit : that Apple is considering Verizon for a future iPhone and / or its mythical forthcoming tablet .
This is not too complicated .
Let ’s just play “ What ’s in it for them ? ”
Verizon —
Would they want to sell some sort of iPhone model ?
Yes , of course .
The iPhone has undeniably turned into a big deal .
Verizon has nothing to do with it , and it is the single best competitive advantage held by AT&T , Verizon ’s biggest rival .
None of the iPhone rival devices Verizon has offered so far is any good or very popular ( cf. the BlackBerry Storm ) , and the Palm Pre is exclusive to Sprint .
AT&T — The iPhone means more to AT&T than any other phone it carries .
Most people decide which carrier to buy a phone from , go there , then pick a phone .
With the iPhone , people decide they want to buy one , and then they go to AT&T .
Some number of iPhone owners switched to AT&T specifically and only because of the iPhone .
In fact , there are some who switched to AT&T to get the iPhone despite the fact that , all things considered , they ’d prefer to buy a phone from another carrier — often Verizon , which is widely regarded as having the best overall U.S. network coverage .
It is very much in AT&T ’s interests to keep the iPhone as an exclusive AT&T device for as long as it can .
Apple —
The iPhone matters to AT&T , but AT&T does n’t really matter much to Apple .
The U.S. is Apple ’s ( and the iPhone ’s ) biggest market , but it ’s still just one country in a big world .
In the just reported quarter , AT&T reported activating 1.6 million iPhones .
But Apple reported selling just under 3.8 million total iPhones — so 58 percent were sold outside the U.S. AT&T is n’t Apple ’s iPhone partner .
They ’re just Apple ’s iPhone partner in the U.S.
I think the U.S. tech press often overlooks this , hence some of the knee - jerk skepticism that Apple would even talk to Verizon .
Apple wants profit and they want market share .
The trick is balancing the two .
Surely Apple makes more money per iPhone with an exclusive deal , but they would sell more total devices if iPhones were available on both AT&T and Verizon .
Yes , Verizon ’s network is CDMA , not GSM , and so it would require Apple to produce different hardware .
But there are some number of Verizon customers who wo n’t switch to AT&T but who would buy an iPhone from Verizon , and my guess is that that number is high enough for Apple to at least consider producing Verizon - compatible hardware .
So , even if Apple would prefer to stick with AT&T exclusively , at least for another year , I ’d find it surprising if they did n’t at least talk to Verizon just to hear an offer , and perhaps more importantly , to leak the flirtation to the press so as to keep the pressure on AT&T to offer Apple the best possible terms .
But as for whether I think an iPhone on Verizon is actually imminent — as in “ coming in the next few months ” imminent — I doubt it .
During Apple ’s quarterly finance call last week , analyst Gene Munster asked why Apple has maintained its exclusive agreement with AT&T .
COO Tim Cook said :
On AT&T , Gene , we view AT&T as a very good partner .
We believe that they ’re the best wireless provider in the U.S. and we are very happy to be doing business with them .
They have done a very good job with iPhone , they ’ve put the full force and weight of their company behind it , it ’s a major strategic thrust for them and so we ’re very happy with the relationship that we have and do not have a plan to change it .
And then Cook again , responding to a follow - up question regarding any “ technical hurdles ” :
Well from a technology point of view as you know , Verizon is on CDMA and we ’ve shown from the beginning of the iPhone to focus on one phone for the whole of the world and when you do that , you really go down the GSM route , because CDMA does n’t really have a life to it after a point in time .
Steve Jobs , famously , is known for pooh - poohing ideas or features only to turn around months or years later and declare them to be the best ideas or features ever , now that Apple has embraced them .
Apple does n’t announce big changes until it is ready to announce them , direct questions be damned .
And so I would n’t count on Apple ’s “ not having a plan to change ” the AT&T exclusivity lasting forever .
1
But the CDMA comment does not sound like misdirection from a company planning to unveil CDMA phones this summer .
That comment was specific , and it was n’t something along the lines of we ’re not going to do CDMA , but rather more along the lines of CDMA is on its way out industry - wide .
That ’s just not something Cook would say if Apple were planning to announce a CDMA phone in June — and without a CDMA iPhone , there ’s no iPhone for Verizon .
2
Ask again when Verizon ’s next - generation LTE network is running , though .
But that ’s just the iPhone .
If Apple is preparing to soon announce its supposed tablet / mediapad / whatever , and if said tablet / mediapad / whatever is going to support mobile broadband , it could well use EVDO from Verizon without contradicting anything Cook said about CDMA or the iPhone remaining exclusively on AT&T .
( Brief Interpolation Regarding the Proper Perspective Regarding Any Rumored New Devices : Keep in mind that these tablet / mediapad / whatever rumors are growing to the point where if the WWDC keynote comes and goes without any mention of this device , the jackass contingent is going to blame Apple for not releasing it rather than blame the rumor reporters for being wrong .
BusinessWeek ’s report had the most details about purported new devices , but in terms of timing , only said “ One of these devices may be introduced as early as this summer . ”
Point of this interpolation being that if — and it very much remains an if — this really is a device that Apple is preparing to release , fever - pitched rumors wo n’t make it appear any sooner than when Apple deems it ready . )
Erring on the Side of Increased Market Share
It ’s my assumption that Apple ’s long - term plan for the iPhone platform is patterned after Apple ’s long - term plan for the iPod .
Apple ’s iPod strategy has been phenomenally successful , and there are many obvious parallels .
The biggest difference is that the iPhone has succeeded far faster than the iPod did —
Apple did n’t release the Windows version of iTunes until two years after the original iPod was released as a Mac - only peripheral .
One of the key points in the history of the iPod was the release of the iPod Mini in January 2004 .
That ’s when Apple expanded the iPod from a single product to a family of products , and the Mini proved to be a smash hit .
The formula behind the iPod Mini was simple : Apple made a smaller , cheaper device with more or less the same technical specs as the original iPod from October 2001 .
Apple went on to repeatedly improve upon the iPod in two ways : on the high end by producing new devices with the same shape and price but with new features ( additional storage , color screens , larger screens , video , etc. ) ; on the low end by taking the existing features and making them smaller and cheaper .
So here ’s how I see Apple applying its iPod strategy to the iPhone .
At some point the iPhone will expand to two form factors :
A high - end iPhone with the same basic size and price as previous iPhones , but with significant new features .
Obvious potential new features would be things like more storage space , more RAM , a faster CPU , an improved ( and eventually video - capable ) camera , 802.11n Wi -Fi , and superior battery technology .
A new , lower - priced , smaller , and more adorable iPhone , with more or less the same technical specs as the original iPhone .
Given that those specs include the 320 × 480 display , I would n’t expect something tiny , but remember that the original iPod Mini was “ just ” 35 percent smaller by volume than the then - current full - sized iPod .
Shrink the iPhone ’s forehead and chin and make it thinner — maybe a lot thinner — is what I ’m thinking .
Existing iPhone apps would run just fine on the new device , as it ’d have similar , if not identical , CPU performance and RAM to previous full - sized iPhones .
Such an iPhone sounds much like the “ iPhone Lite ” that BusinessWeek reported its source saw .
The only question is when .
Could be this year .
Could be next year .
But put me on the record for predicting it ’ll happen before the end of 2010 .
The reason why Apple did this with the iPod , and why I ’m convinced they ’ll do it again with the iPhone , is that when it comes to managing the balance between per-unit profit and overall market share , Apple is determined to err on the side of market share .
( Not as much with the Mac , however — the difference being that PCs are now a firmly established market . )
Most gadget companies , when they have a smash hit on their hands , try to milk it .
A typical company that found itself selling millions of $ 400 hard - drive - based digital music players would try its best to continue selling the same $ 400 hard - drive - based digital music players for as long as it could .
Apple , despite an overwhelming 70 percent market share , aggressively added features and drove down its own prices , year after year after year .
I ’ve previously quoted the following passage from Steven Levy ’s 2004 Newsweek interview with Steve Jobs , but it ’s worth repeating here .
The topic was the Mac ’s long - stagnant ( at the time ) market share .
If that ’s so , then why is the Mac market share , even after Apple ’s recent revival , sputtering at a measly 5 percent ?
Jobs has a theory about that , too .
Once a company devises a great product , he says , it has a monopoly in that realm , and concentrates less on innovation than protecting its turf .
“ The Mac user interface was a 10 - year monopoly , ” says Jobs .
“ Who ended up running the company ?
Sales guys .
At the critical juncture in the late ’ 80s , when they should have gone for market share , they went for profits .
They made obscene profits for several years .
And their products became mediocre .
And then their monopoly ended with Windows 95 .
They behaved like a monopoly , and it came back to bite them , which always happens . ”
In the near term , Apple could fuel explosive iPhone unit sales growth just by reducing the entry price .
But at some point , looking a handful of years down the line , expanding the iPhone ’s U.S. market share is going to require going beyond AT&T .
The only question is when .
A Mexican village whose inhabitants were overwhelmed by an outbreak of respiratory illness starting in February has emerged as a possible source of the swine flu outbreak which has now spread across the world .
The state government of Veracruz in eastern Mexico has confirmed one case of swine flu in the village of La Gloria with the sufferer named locally as a four - year - old boy , Edgar Hernández Hernández .
The federal government said tonight that he tested positive for the same strain of the virus which has claimed lives in Mexico .
The boy 's case earlier this month came amid an outbreak of respiratory illness in the area in which around 400 people requested medical help .
The boy was treated in hospital and survived .
But two babies from the same village died during the outbreak .
Sufferers complained of symptoms including fever , severe cough , and large amounts of phlegm .
" The symptoms were exactly like the ones they talk about now [ with swine flu ] , " said a local resident .
" High fevers , pain in the muscles and the joints , terrible headaches , some vomiting and diarrhoea .
The illness came on very quickly and whole families were laid up . "
It remained unclear tonight whether the illness was swine flu but the Mexican government appeared to cast doubt on its original diagnosis of the outbreak as a more typical H2N3 flu virus when it revealed that the only sample it sent to North America for swine flu tests came back positive .
" The sample of one of the cases , that of a four - year - old boy , was kept , " said federal health minister José Ángel Córdova .
" It was among the samples sent [ to labs abroad ] and that came back confirmed . "
The Veracruz state government had previously said the infants died of bacterial pneumonia and said it has no plans to exhume their bodies to find out if the cause of death was swine flu .
Early today the US owner of an industrial pig production facility around 12 miles from La Gloria said it had found no clinical signs or symptoms of swine flu in its herd or Mexican employees .
The world 's biggest pig meat producer , Virginia - based Smithfield , said it is co-operating with the Mexican authorities ' attempts to locate the possible source of the outbreak and will submit samples from its herds at its Granjas Carroll subsidiary to the University of Mexico for tests .
" Based on available recent information , Smithfield has no reason to believe that the virus is in any way connected to its operations in Mexico , " it said in a statement .
" The company also noted that its joint ventures in Mexico routinely administer influenza virus vaccination to their swine herds and conduct monthly tests for the presence of swine influenza . "
The statement came after Mexico 's national public health authority , the Mexican social security institute , raised concerns that waste from the Granjas Carrol facility may be responsible for the outbreak of illness , according to local media .
" According to state agents of the Mexican social security institute , the vector of this outbreak are the clouds of flies that come out of the hog barns , and the waste lagoons into which the Mexican - US company spews tons of excrement , " reported Mexico City newspaper La Jornada .
Swine flu can be caught through contact with infected animals , but it is unclear if contact with flies or excrement has the same effect .
A La Gloria resident who spoke to the Guardian on condition of anonymity yesterday described how illness swept through the village .
" Some people started getting ill in February and an eight - month - old baby died , " she said .
" After that another baby died on 21 March .
Suddenly most of the village got ill .
It was weekend and the tiny clinic here was closed .
The state health authorities then did send doctors and nurses to look after us , and give us medication .
About 60 % of the village were ill and we asked them what it was and they said it was a severe and atypical cold .
We talked about influenza and they said that was impossible , that influenza had been eradicated from Mexico . "
Smithfield , which is led by pork baron Joseph W Luter III , has previously been fined for environmental damage in the US .
In October 2000 the supreme court upheld a $ 12.6 m ( £ 8.6 m ) fine levied by the US environmental protection agency which found that the company had violated its pollution permits in the Pagan River in Virginia which runs towards Chesapeake Bay .
The company faced accusations that faecal and other bodily waste from slaughtered pigs had been dumped directly into the river since the 1970s .
The outbreak of respiratory illness in the area of the Granjas Carroll plant was first detected at the beginning of this month by Veratect , a company based in Washington state which monitors the spread of disease and pandemics around the world for corporate clients .
On 6 April it reported local officials had declared a health alert .
According to its dispatch : " Sources characterised the event as a ' strange ' outbreak of acute respiratory infection , which led to pneumonia in some paediatric cases .
Health officials recorded 400 cases that sought medical treatment in the last week in La Gloria , which has a population of 3,000 ; officials indicated that 60 % of the town 's population , approximately 1,800 cases , has been affected . "
Local health officials established a health cordon around La Gloria and the monitoring company reported that officials launched a spraying and cleaning operation that targeted the fly suspected to be the disease carrier .
" State health officials also implemented a vaccination campaign against influenza , although sources noted physicians ruled out influenza as the cause of the outbreak , " it said .
Trillions of dollars have been thrown at the banking system in an effort to restore the credit markets , and nearly a trillion dollars more in stimulus spending continues , both are efforts to jump - start the economy .
The government is also offering Americans various stimulus inspired programs , including lower interest mortgage refinancing and new automobile purchase incentives , to those who qualify .
However , no amount of available credit , public works expenditures , or consumer incentive deals , will reverse the current economic decline because too many Americans are currently not creditworthy .
American workers have one option ; earn their way out of their troubles .
Right now the opportunities to do so are slim .
The unemployment number for May 2009 was over nine percent nationally , so even by the debatable official number , nearly one in ten American workers is ineligible for new credit .
But this is just the tip of the iceberg .
Mortgage and home equity credit payment statistics shout the fact that even those among us who are employed have drawn the last breath out of asset backed credit .
Credit card defaults reveal yet another layer of people no longer creditworthy .
Looking deeper , many are now under - employed and struggling to pay the rent .
If you can't make the rent , you certainly are no longer creditworthy and you have probably used the remainder of your unsecured credit on necessities .
Huge numbers of Americans are under - employed , including recent college graduates with student loan obligations , older workers whose careers have been derailed , and millions of small business owners and self - employed individuals who can no longer make a living as their spending continues , while the need for their services evaporate .
The minutia is contentious , but no matter how you look at the current situation the system has failed .
Restocking the system with cash will not automatically send the rewards of diligent work to those most deserving .
Capital has not been distributed efficiently , in a way that creates jobs , vital goods , and profits to refuel the cycle .
We can rid the system of fraud and abuse today , but the jobs Americans need will not necessarily be created tomorrow .
Next Page 1 | 2
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
Chargrilled asparagus and lemon tart – that 's the vegetarian menu for a glamorous cast of musicians , actors , writers and artists starting a mass movement today to limit meat eating and combat climate change .
With his daughters , Stella and Mary , Sir Paul McCartney is behind Meat Free Monday , which aims to persuade people to go veggie once a week to reduce greenhouse gas emissions from the world 's livestock , among the most serious contributors to global warming .
" We should care about climate change because if we do n't , we are going to leave our children and their children in a hell of a mess , " Sir Paul told The Independent , which has been given exclusive details of the launch .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The McCartneys have attracted support from across the worlds of showbusiness , science , business and the environment .
The singer Chris Martin , Hollywood stars Kevin Spacey and Woody Harrelson , actress Joanna Lumley and Sir Richard Branson are advocating meat - free Mondays .
Support has also come from comedians Ricky Gervais , David Walliams and Matt Lucas , the poet Benjamin Zephaniah and Vogue editor Alexandra Shulman .
Another supporter , Sir David King , the Government 's former chief scientist , said : " The carbon and water footprints associated with producing beef are about 20 times larger than maize production .
Eating less meat will help the environment . "
The UN and Britain are concerned about the environmental impact of livestock , although the Government has shied away from urging people to eat less meat .
Vast swathes of the Amazon rainforest are being cut down to make way for cattle ranches and to grow soy for feed .
Belching from cows emits vast amounts of methane , which has 21 times the greenhouse effect of carbon dioxide .
According to the UN Food and Agriculture Organisation , meat is responsible for 18 per cent of greenhouse gas emissions , more than transport 's 13 per cent .
Dr Rajendra Pachauri , the chairman of the UN Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change , has suggested one vegetarian day a week .
Sir Paul , a life - long vegetarian , said : " Many of us feel helpless in the face of environmental challenges , and it can be hard to know how to sort through the advice about what we can do to make a meaningful contribution to a cleaner , more sustainable , healthier world .
Having one designated meat - free day a week is a meaningful change that everyone can make , that goes to the heart of several important political , environmental and ethical issues all at once . "
Kelly Osbourne , Laura Bailey , Sharleen Spiteri and Zac Goldsmith , and more than 40 other celebrities will launch the campaign at Inn the Park in St James 's Park , central London .
To make vegetarianism a more practical choice , the chefs Oliver Peyton , Giorgio Locatelli , Skye Gyngell and Arthur Potts Dawson are starting meat - free menus beside their usual ones on Mondays .
The food writers Nigel Slater and Mark Hix have written recipes for the website , supportmfm.org .
Stella McCartney , also a life - long vegetarian , said : " Whether you eat meat or not , you can be part of this decision to limit the meat industry destroying our planet 's resources . "
Her elder sister , Mary , described the change as " an achievable goal . "
Sir Paul , who has enlisted the support of George Harrison 's widow , Olivia , denied he was using the environment to opportunistically support his vegetarianism .
" We did n't start this idea , " he said .
" It was suggested in a report by the United Nations , who are presumably non-vegetarian .
It would be a lot easier to not do this but the link has been established by many scientists and authorities on the subject and it seems wrong to simply ignore it .
The issue wo n't go away . "
Carnal knowledge
The meat industry
* Meat is a " major stressor " on the world 's ecosystems , according to a UN report
* Meat makes 1.4 per cent of global GDP but 18 per cent of greenhouse gases
* Forty calories of fossil fuel energy go into producing a calorie of beef , but 2.2 calories for one calorie of plant protein
* Livestock production uses 8 per cent of the world 's fresh water
* One billion people are overweight , mostly in the West , where meat consumption is higher .
Vegetarians tend to be slimmer
* The World Cancer Research Fund recommends eating 500g red meat a week
Source : United Nations , Meat Free Monday
Your Independent
Will the threat of climate change prompt you to change your eating habits ?
Share your opinions and experiences at yourindependent@independent.co.uk
Ein offener Brief vom Karlsruher Teil des Landesvorstands BaWü an die BüKa und die Karlsruher Grünen
Liebe “ Bürger für Karlsruhe “ ,
nicht schlecht .
Ich meine , klar , es ist Wahlkampf , billige Polemik vereint mit sinnbefreiten Worthülsen schreit einem von so ziemlich jedem Wahlplakat entgegen , kaum jemand erwartet aktuell tatsächlich substanzielle und fundierte Äußerungen von einer Partei .
Und doch habt ihr mit euren Äußerungen zur Intel Friday Night Game meine Erwartungen ziemlich weit übertroffen .
Und nein , nicht im guten Sinne .
Wißt ihr , ich habe uns eigentlich für sowas wie Alliierte gehalten .
Natürlich nicht soweit , daß sich unsere Ziele und Programme groß überdecken würden , denn dafür ist unser Fokus einfach zu unterschiedlich .
Aber wir sind doch eigentlich auf derselben Seite .
Eine kleine Partei ( oder in eurem Falle Wählergemeinschaft ) , eher bürgerrechtlich ausgerichtet , kulturell offen , nicht verfilzt und nicht dazu getrieben , mit allen Mitteln an bestehender Macht festzuhalten .
Prädestiniert dafür , sachlich und bedacht zu argumentieren .
Zu denken , bevor wir reden ( oder schreiben ) , denn Kompetenz – das ist unsere Stärke .
“ Unsere Fach - und Sachkompetenz steht gegen Parteipolitik und Entscheidungen von oben ” , das habt ihr sogar auf eurer Website stehen .
Und dann musstet ihr euch unbedingt zur Intel Friday Night Game äußern .
Was mich an der Situation besonders schmerzt : Ich bin gerade dabei , unseren Oberbürgermeister Heinz Fenrich zu verteidigen .
Einen Unionspolitiker !
In einer Debatte um “ Killerspiele ” !
Er hat es nämlich geschafft , die bei diesem
Thema zahlreich ausliegenden Fettnäpfchen alle geschickt zu umschleichen , hat sich bei der Bundeszentrale für politische Bildung schlau gemacht und dann entschieden , daß das ganze vielleicht doch nicht so blutrünstig abläuft , wie es viele seiner Parteikollegen und der Axel Springer Verlag gerne immer wieder behaupten .
Zusätzlich soll ja im Rahmen der Intel Friday Night Game auch wieder eine Eltern - LAN stattfinden – Eltern zocken mit ihren Kindern , sozusagen .
Aufbauen von Verständnis zwischen zwei Generationen .
Eine absolut klasse Aktion , meiner Meinung nach .
Eurer Meinung nach offensichtlich nicht .
Zugegebenermaßen bin ich gerade bei diesem
Thema inzwischen auch schon ziemlich dünnhäutig .
Die ganze Ignoranz und fachliche Inkompetenz und damit verbundene , nennen wir sie einmal vorsichtig “ kreative ” Berichterstattung , ist ja für sich genommen schon unerträglich .
Aber eure Pressemitteilung , holla die Waldfee …
Da kommt selbst die BILD - Zeitung nicht so schnell heran .
Zum einen stellt ihr eine Korrelation zwischen Amokläufen und Egoshootern her , und impliziert Kausalität .
Auf der Basis , daß alle Amokläufer Brot gegessen , äh halt , sorry , Egoshooter gezockt hätten .
Also , zumindest habe ich euch so verstanden .
Denn ansonsten würde eure Tirade ja gar keinen Sinn haben .
Und irgendwie erinnert mich diese Art der Argumentation an gottlose Rockmusik , unheimliche Rollenspiele und den Tango .
Alle verantwortlich für den Niedergang der Gesellschaft .
Wenn ich mich richtig erinnere , dann meinte man im Heavy Metal in den späten 70ern , frühen 80 ern Aufrufe zum Mord und Selbstmord ausgemacht zu haben .
Ich sag es mal so : Die Faktenlage war nicht unbedingt ungleich der zum Thema Egoshooter .
Aber der literarische Höhepunkt kommt ja erst noch .
Ihr beruft euch auf “ Studien aus den USA ” , daß “ Killerspiele ” explizit entwickelt wurden , um die Hemmschwelle zum Töten zu senken – nennt aber keine Quellen .
Bei so einer absurden Behauptung !
Oder meint ihr gar nicht alle ?
Meint ihr nur manche ?
Meint ihr vielleicht auch gar nicht “ für das militärische Training entwickelt ” , sondern “ vom Militär zu Trainingszwecken eingesetzt ” ?
Erkennt ihr den Unterschied ?
Erkennt ihr wenigstens den Unterschied zwischen Camping und Manöver ?
Und , vielleicht die wichtigste Frage von allen – habt ihr denn wenigstens mal so ein “ Killerspiel ” tatsächlich gesehen , geschweige denn gespielt , um euch eine eigene Meinung zu bilden ?
Eine Eltern - LAN wie auf der Friday Night Game böte da durchaus die Möglichkeit …
Also , als Fazit : Während der Karlsruher OB erstaunlich souverän jedem Fettnäpfchen ausweicht , schaut ihr euch nach einem Trampolin um und nehmt noch einmal ordentlichen Anlauf .
Das Ergebnis ist zwar auf eine gewisse
Art und Weise unterhaltsam , aber mal unter uns : Kompetenz ist anders .
Und nun zu euch , Karlsruher Grüne .
Was war das denn für ein Stunt ?
Die “ BüKa ” haben das Bett gemacht , also legt ihr euch gleich mit rein ?
Und ihr geht sogar noch einen Schritt weiter – ihr wollt nicht nur die Veranstaltung aus der Stadt verbannen , ihr wollt denn Leuten sogar in ihren eigenen vier Wänden vorschreiben , was sie spielen dürfen und was nicht .
Denn nach eurer
Ansicht ist es ein Problem , wenn “ Jeder [ … ] sich diese Spiele heute zu Hause auf den Computer laden [ kann ] , ganz ohne dass die Öffentlichkeit etwas davon mit bekommt ” .
Oder verstehe ich euch falsch ?
Wenn ja , was war denn tatsächlich gemeint ?
Immerhin zitiert ihr keine “ Studien aus den USA ” , aber eure Argumente sind ebenso hohl und verquer wie die der BüKa .
Wie bitte kann ein Spiel wie Counterstrike , an dem alle Mitspieler freiwillig teilnehmen , ihre Würde verletzen ?
Es wird niemand tatsächlich verletzt .
Es gibt nicht einmal echte Rollenspielelemente !
Es gibt nur zwei Teams , die virtuell gegeneinander antreten , und höchstwahrscheinlich danach bei ‘ nem Bierchen das Match diskutieren werden .
So kenne ich das zumindest noch – und ja , aus eigener Erfahrung .
Ah , das wäre doch mal ‘ne Idee : Beschreibt mal eure letzte LAN - Party , euer letztes CS - Match .
Und macht Fotos von den unglaublich aggressiven Spielern und ständigen Schlägereien , die zwischen den moralisch abgestumpften Zockern ausbrechen .
Psst , kleines Geheimnis : Die Wahrscheinlichkeit , den Yeti vor die Linse zu bekommen , ist höher .
Wißt ihr , von euch bin ich wirklich enttäuscht .
Ich meine , ihr habt doch Zocker in euren eigenen Reihen !
Die Fachkompetenz wäre also durchaus vorhanden !
Aber anstatt mal jemanden zu fragen , der sich mit der Sache auskennt , werden die Talking Points von Wiefelspütz und Co wiedergekaut , und noch mit einer ordentlichen Portion Moralin ( sauer ) nachgewürzt .
Das ganze wird noch eine Ecke bitterer , wenn man bedenkt , wie ihr euch in eurer Zeit der Regierungsbeteiligung auf Bundesebene verhalten habt .
Mal so als Stichworte : Bundeswehr , Afghanistan .
Das war ein echter Kriegseinsatz .
Da wird nicht auf Pixel geschossen , sondern auf Menschen .
Und da gehen die Kontrahenten am Ende des “ Matches ” ganz sicher nicht ein Bierchen trinken .
Aber das war OK , das wurde abgenickt .
Und jetzt spielt ihr , die olivgrünen , euch als moralische Instanz auf , und verdammt am Ende eures Statements auch noch jeden , der an Egoshootern verdient ?
Mir fehlen die Worte , ganz ehrlich .
In 2001 , Andrew Aksyonoff had an itch .
He ran a website that indexed song lyrics and allowed users to search them .
At the time , none of the open source options for text search worked .
Lucene , the standard response at an engineering team meeting when the problem of search comes up , was still a baby .
Indexing took too long , and it was a bear to install on anything other than a Lucene developer 's machine .
Mnogosearch - the search engine you probably still have n't heard of - was too bloated and took a full twenty - four hours to index Aksyonoff 's meager 150 megabytes of data .
On top of all this , the standard algorithms for text search were about as useful as a venereal disease when it came to searching song lyrics .
Andrew had a different idea of how text search should work - and the spare time to try it out .
He did , and today , his software powers the search engines behind Craigslist , The Pirate Bay , and many more .
It 's called Sphinx , and it's on track to become the open source world 's canonical answer to the question of text search .
MySQL and Solr , the two popular solutions , are showing their age .
MySQL introduced full - text search in late 2000 as a way to more intelligently search blobs of text stored in databases .
You can work a full - text clause into a query , and MySQL will rank the result rows by how relevant it thinks they are to the query .
MySQL uses textbook search algorithms and does n't allow for a lot of relevance tuning .
It 's like a drawing from a five year old :
The heart is in the right place , but everybody knows that kids suck at drawing .
Implementation details aside , MySQL still suffers from scalability problems .
Having ignored the trend of chip manufacturers to build multiple cores into CPUs , hoping that this unpleasant trend that required them to actually think about multi- threading would just blow over sooner or later , MySQL 's ability to handle parallelism is , well , see the five year old 's drawing .
Internet - famous MySQL wonk Jeremy Zawodny , who had the foresight to jump from the ship 's bow as Yahoo started to take on water , replaced MySQL fulltext search at Craigslist with Sphinx .
Craigslist used 25 machines to handle roughly 50 million queries per day on MySQL .
Under that kind of load , Zawodny found that MySQL was n't using much CPU or doing much disk I/O , which means it 's spending all of its time waiting on thread locks .
Oops .
Maybe we should have paid attention to parallelism after all .
The Sphinx implementation took those 25 machines down to 10 , with plenty of room to grow .
While Sphinx did n't handle the traffic out of the box at the time , Zawodny was able to patch it to handle Craigslist 's specific need - and fix a few bugs along the way .
Perhaps you ’ve seen those television commercials denouncing health care reform as a plot to create a Canadian - style totalitarian nightmare , and you feel a wee bit scared .
Back in the election campaign , some people spread rumors that Barack Obama might be a secret Muslim conspiring to impose Sharia law on us .
That seems unlikely now , but what if he ’s a covert Canadian plotting to impose ... health care ?
Rick Scott , a former hospital company chief executive , leads a group called Conservatives for Patients ’ Rights .
He was forced to resign as C.E.O. after his company defrauded the government through overbilling and is now spending his time trying to block meaningful health care reform by terrifying us with commercials of “ real - life stories of the victims of government - run health care . ”
So here ’s a far more representative “ real - life story . ”
Diane Tucker , 59 , is an American lawyer who moved to Vancouver , Canada , in 2006 .
Like everyone else there , she now pays the equivalent of just $ 49 a month for health care .
By Greg Joyce , The Canadian Press
Published April 20 , 2009 04:50 pm |
The May 12 provincial election ballot will include a referendum on future elections that , if passed , would completely change the way voters elect their MLAs and their government .
Voters might be wise to start paying attention to the debate on STV -- single transferable vote .
There are many different electoral systems around the world ; British Columbia , the federal government and all provinces use the first - past - the post system , also known as single member plurality .
British Columbia 's independent Referendum Information Office describes STV as a system designed to produce " a fairly proportional result -- that is , the number of seats a political party wins will be close to its share of the overall popular vote . ''
Under the STV system , instead of the 85 separate ridings now in place , B.C. would be divided into 20 constituencies with between two and seven MLAs per constituency , depending on size and population .
It means there could be dozens of names on the ballot in populated ridings with multiple parties vying for seats .
Electors vote by ranking preferences for as many candidates as they wish to support , placing a 1 or a 2 or 3 beside the names , and so on .
Winners secure a seat after they amass a quota of the popular vote .
If the winner gets more votes than he or she needs to meet that quota , then his or her surplus ballots are distributed to the voters ' second choice until a second candidate meets the threshold , and so on .
That counting continues until all seats in the riding are filled .
The tabulation process is so baffling that STV proponents have put an animated video on YouTube explaining it .
The STV proposal won the overwhelming endorsement before the 2005 election of the Citizens ' Assembly for Electoral Reform , which was comprised of 160 citizens who examined many different voting systems .
The Liberals and NDP are staying neutral on the issue , but the Green party , which stands to gain the most from the change , has declared its support .
If so , British Columbians would be in rarefied company , joining Ireland , Malta , Tasmania and only a few other jurisdictions who have adopted the STV system .
" There is not a big groundswell for this type of system but I think it will pass this time , '' says Doug McArthur , a professor of public policy at Simon Fraser University .
By " this time ' ' he means that the referendum ballot is coming around in B.C. for the second time .
Although 57.6 per cent of voters endorsed STV in the May 2005 provincial election , it needs 60 per cent of the popular vote and more than 50 per cent of the votes in at least 51 of the province 's 85 electoral districts to pass .
Greg Joyce reports for The Canadian Press .
Starting next week ,
The Tyee will be running a five - part debate between the STV pro and no sides .
Stay tuned for a thorough education in electoral reform issues .
Looking for something sweet to accompany your coffee or perhaps a gift to bring back from Argentina ?
Look no further than the alfajor ; a compact and decadent treat popular among Argentines and visitors alike .
Both delicious and traditional , the classic Argentine alfajor ( pronounced Al - fa - hor ) consists of two cookies sandwiching a dollop of creamy dulce de [… ]
Understanding why alcohol accelerates liver disease can help a person make the important commitment to stop drinking .
Find out for yourself exactly why drinking is no longer an option for someone with a compromised liver .
When a person is diagnosed with any kind of liver disease , a physician will provide them with and recommend a list of lifestyle changes .
The first and most important instruction for learning to live with liver disease revolves around not drinking any alcoholic beverages .
These instructions are given because , in addition to causing liver disease , alcohol can also exponentially worsen existing liver disease .
The directive to “ stop drinking alcohol ” is sometimes ignored by anyone who is not ready to abandon booze .
Regardless of how well meaning this typical physician order is , commands dictating someone to end a habit , recreation or addiction , often fail .
Alcoholism statistics in the United States are staggering .
There are approximately 14 million people in the U.S. addicted to alcohol , with millions more displaying symptoms of abuse , including binge drinking .
Alcohol addiction , or alcohol dependence , is defined as having at least 3 of the following signs :
A tolerance for alcohol ( needing increased amounts to achieve the same effect )
Withdrawal symptoms
Drinking alcohol in larger amounts than intended , or over a longer period of time than intended
Having a persistent desire to decrease , or the inability to decrease , the amount of alcohol consumed
Spending a great deal of time attempting to acquire alcohol
Continuing to use alcohol even though there are recurring physical or psychological problems being caused by the alcohol
Whether a person has recognized their drinking problem , is in denial about it , or just considers him or herself to be a social drinker , quitting drinking is filled with challenges .
Hopefully , physicians advising people to abstain from alcohol provide a list of resources and support to help a person stop drinking .
Metabolism
After you swallow an alcoholic drink , about 25 percent of the alcohol is absorbed immediately from your stomach directly into the bloodstream .
The remaining 75 percent makes its way to the small bowel where it then gets absorbed in the blood .
Once in the bloodstream , alcohol remains in the body until it is metabolized .
About 90 – 98 percent of alcohol is broken down in the liver .
The other 2 – 10 percent is excreted via :
Urination
Exhalation
Perspiration
The primary way alcohol is broken down , or metabolized , by the liver is through the action of the enzyme alcohol dehydrogenase ( ADH ) .
ADH breaks down alcohol into acetaldehyde .
Acetaldehyde
Many people have experienced an upset stomach or vomited after drinking .
The byproduct of alcohol metabolism , acetaldehyde , is a highly toxic substance .
One of the many roles of the human liver is to filter toxins out of the body .
Unfortunately , excessive toxin exposure damages the liver by killing its cells , reducing its ability to function .
A person with liver disease already has a compromised liver , rendering it incapable of effectively filtering out additional toxins .
Acetaldehyde ( not the ethanol in an alcoholic beverage ) is the molecule that causes impairment or drunkenness .
Scientists have discovered that when acetaldehyde is bound to human liver plasma membranes , hepatic cell destruction occurs .
Adding acetaldehyde to a liver already struggling with illness is analogous to kicking a man when he is already down .
Tolerance
Resulting from prolonged or heavy use , alcohol tolerance refers to progressively more consumption required to achieve the same altered state .
There are two main types of tolerance resulting from prolonged or heavy use of alcohol :
1. Metabolic tolerance – Occurring in response to increased alcohol consumption , metabolic tolerance causes the liver to increase its production of alcohol dehydrogenase .
This increase in enzyme production leads to a faster metabolization of the alcohol , resulting in a lower blood alcohol content and faster elimination .
The increase in alcohol dehydrogenase production corresponds with increased stress on the liver .
2. Functional tolerance –
By adapting to chronic alcohol use , functional tolerance results when a person ’s sensitivity to alcohol ’s effects is lowered .
However , while a person ’s sensitivity to alcohol ’s effects may be decreased , blood alcohol content continues to rise .
Although tolerance increases with alcohol consumption , the liver does not become more tolerant , and is increasingly damaged over the course of time .
Hepatitis C
Researchers have demonstrated that alcohol promotes proliferation of Hepatitis C in human liver cells .
Researchers at the Children ’s Hospital in Philadelphia found that alcohol increases the activity of a protein called nuclear factor kappa B , which causes the Hepatitis C virus to replicate .
Furthermore , they found that alcohol interferes with the antiviral activity of interferon - alpha , a key therapy used for patients infected with Hepatitis C.
In addition to making therapy useless , these findings clearly show that someone with Hepatitis C who drinks alcohol is literally helping their viral load skyrocket .
While instructions from your doctor to quit drinking may not be enough to change your ways , learning how alcohol worsens liver disease may serve as sufficient motivation .
It is easy to see why some healthcare professionals refer to drinking alcohol with liver disease as pouring gasoline on a fire .
Whether you live with Hepatitis C or have any other liver disease , alcohol ’s transformation to acetaldehyde unleashes a known , potent toxin onto your liver .
Since tolerance to alcohol puts even further stress on an already disadvantaged liver , and drinking alcohol increases the Hepatitis C virus ’ replication , it is obvious why doctors advise its avoidance .
While no one claims it is easy to quit drinking , the documentation supporting alcohol ’s damaging effects with liver disease are irrefutable .
Now that you know the facts – that alcohol negatively affects liver health – take every step necessary to completely abandon this harmful toxin .
References www.cumc.columbia.edu, Alcoholism Liver Disease , Howard J. Worman , MD , 2007 .
www.intox.com, Alcohol and the Human Body , Intoximeters , Inc. , 2007 .
www.medicalnewstoday.com, How Alcohol Use May Worsen Hepatitis C Infection , John Ascenzi , MediLexicon International , Ltd. , 2007 .
www.mental-health-matters.com, Alcohol Addiction , Get Mental Help , Inc. , 2007 .
www.mydr.com.au, How Your Liver Processes Alcohol , CMPMedica Australia , 2007 .
www.oregoncounseling.com, Biological Impacts of Alcohol Use : an Overview , Michaele P. Dunlap , Psy. D , 2007 .
www.stopaddiction.com, Alcoholism Statistics , Narconon of Oklahoma , Inc. , 2007 .
www.rochester.edu, Tolerance and Beyond , University of Rochester , 2007 .
Baby Silver Foxes at Denmark 's Munkholm Zoo take in the rays while Dad stands guard .
Silver Foxes ' unique coloring is actually a genetic adaptation .
Thanks to Linzse for these photos from only two days ago .
BP Solar Expects to Add 100 MW in U.S. in 2009
April 8th , 2009 by Dave Tyler
The head of BP Solar International says his firm will install 100 megawatts of utility - level solar power projects on U.S. soil in 2009 .
[ social_buttons ]
Reyad Fezzani told Dow Jones in an interview published Monday that his company , a subsidiary of energy giant BP PLC , is seeing high demand , and strong financing interest from investors .
BP expects to manufacture 320 MW of solar panels in 2009 , roughly double the amount it made in 2008 .
That will be split about 60 / 40 between large commericial and utility installations and residential sales , Fezzani said .
That equates to about 192 MW of large scale installations , with 100 MW of that in the U.S. , he said .
As states increase their renewable energy requirements for the utilities they regulate , those utilities are seeking to buy more solar power , Fezzani said .
“ Now the average size ( of solar power inquiries from utilities ) is 25 to 50 MW .
We are bidding for tenders that are orders of magnitude larger , 100 to 150 MW and even one that ’s 500 MW , ” he said .
BP plans to own the solar installations and work towards umbrella financing agreements similar to the arrangements it has in Europe .
But competition is growing in the field , an analyst told Dow Jones , particularly from SunPower and First Solar .
And BP Solar just cut jobs in Maryland and Madrid to save money .
BP ’s made news in other clean technologies too , including cellulosic ethanol .
They ’ve also been a target for Greenpeace .
But if BP is really moving “ Beyond Petroleum ” scaling up their solar business rapidly is a good place to start .
Photo Credit : Remintola ’s Flickr Stream , via a Creative Commons License .
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Chinese police have ringed Tiananmen Square , to prevent people marking the 20th anniversary of the massacre .
The clampdown came as China angrily rejected calls for a review of the 1989 crackdown in which hundreds , possibly thousands , of people were killed .
US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton urged Beijing to examine the " darker events of its past " .
But Chinese foreign ministry spokesman Qin Gang said Mrs Clinton had made " groundless accusations " .
Open debate about the Tiananmen killings is forbidden in mainland China , and the government has never held an official inquiry .
In a statement released on Wednesday , Mrs Clinton said Beijing needed to " provide a public accounting of those killed , detained or missing , both to learn and to heal " .
China expressed its " strong dissatisfaction " with her comments .
" The US remarks are groundless accusations against the Chinese government and in contravention of the fundamental norms governing international relations , as well as a gross interference in China 's internal affairs , " said foreign ministry spokesman Qin Gang .
" We urge the US to put aside its political prejudices and correct its mistakes so as to refrain from undermining bilateral relations .
" On the political incident that took place in the 1980s , the party and the government have already reached a conclusion , " he said .
' Chance to reflect '
There is very tight security in Beijing , with police stopping foreign journalists reaching the square .
Uniformed and plain - clothed officials even stopped TV crews filming the daily flag - raising ceremony at dawn .
China ... should examine openly the darker events of its past
US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton
Chinese youth discuss Tiananmen Anniversary : Your views
Many dissidents say they have been told to leave Beijing or are confined to their homes , and plain - clothed police are at the gates of the city 's universities to prevent any commemorative events .
One journalist who has reported on several Tiananmen anniversaries told the BBC that the security this time was tighter than he had ever seen - even during the first anniversary of the massacre in 1990 .
Even in Hong Kong , where freedom of expression is guaranteed under law , some dissidents have been denied entry to mark the anniversary .
Tens of thousands of people gathered for a candlelight vigil in the territory 's Victoria Park late on Thursday .
Hong Kong is the only Chinese territory where Tiananmen commemorations are permitted .
Mrs Clinton said in her statement that the anniversary was a chance for China to " reflect upon the meaning of the events that preceded that day " .
" China can honour the memory of that day by moving to give the rule of law , protection of internationally - recognised human rights and democratic development the same priority it has given to economic reform , " she added .
Mrs Clinton 's views were echoed by British Foreign Secretary David Miliband , who said that while China had made " big improvements in economic and social rights " since the Tiananmen crackdown , progress on political and civil rights had been " far slower " .
Denied entry
The statement from Mrs Clinton represents a tougher line than the Obama administration has taken so far when addressing China 's human rights record , the BBC's Kim Ghattas reports from Washington .
She says Mrs Clinton had disappointed activists at the start of her tenure by saying human rights should not interfere in discussions with China about other issues , like climate change and North Korea .
Michael Bristow , BBC reporter in Beijing
At first glance , it looked like any other day on Tiananmen Square this morning .
The square was full of people , including those on Chinese tour groups .
They were easily identifiable by their identical baseball hats .
But a closer look revealed it was no ordinary day .
Journalists banned from square
The Tiananmen protests started in April 1989 , when students began calling for greater democracy and anti-corruption measures .
After weeks of protests , troops moved in on the night of 3 - 4 June 1989 .
One of the most prominent Tiananmen protest leaders , Wu'er Kaixi , has returned to his home in Taiwan after being turned away from Macau where he was trying to enter mainland China .
" I 'm sad the dream is not yet realised , that justice has not been done , that I can not see my parents [ whom he last saw before he fled China in 1989 ] .
I 'm sad and angry , " he told the BBC's Cindy Sui in Taiwan .
Wu'er Kaixi gained national attention as a pyjama - clad hunger striker interrupting then - Premier Li Peng during a televised meeting before the violent crackdown .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
By Detector | 20 April 2009
The new version of Songbird – a great open source multimedia player was released with various bug fixes , improvements and enhancements according to Songbird projected goals .
For more info about Songbird check these DetectorPRO articles .
You can easily install the new version of songbird on Ubuntu with one click from getdeb.com or using next links according to your Ubuntu version :
Ubuntu 9.04
Songbird 1.1.2 for Ubuntu 9.04 32 bit – click here
Songbird 1.1.2 for Ubuntu 9.04 64 bit – click here
Ubuntu 8.10 :
Songbird 1.1.2 for Ubuntu 8.10 32 bit – click here
Songbird 1.1.2 for Ubuntu 8.10 64 bit – click here
Ubuntu 8.04 :
Songbird 1.1.2 for Ubuntu 8.04 32 bit – click here
Songbird 1.1.2 for Ubuntu 8.04 64 bit – click here
Songbird also works on Windows and MacOS system .
Click here to download the newest version for your operating system .
Tags | Howto , Installation , Linux , Multimedia , Open Source , Ubuntu
Pet bites can cause potentially fatal MRSA infection
Pet owners are at an increased risk of getting infected with the potentially fatal MRSA infection through dogs and cats , say researchers .
Dr. Richard Oehler , of the University of South Florida , says that MRSA and skin infections in dogs and cats can be spread to humans through bites .
While boys aged five to nine are at risk of dog bites the most , cat bites are more common in women and the elderly .
They usually cause deeper puncture wounds than dogs , and carry a higher risk of infection and soft - tissue abscesses .
Almost 20 pct of the bites lead to severe infections , caused by bacteria in the animal ’s mouth , plus other infectious agents from the person ’s skin .
“ As community - acquired strains of MRSA increase in prevalence , a growing body of clinical evidence has documented MRSA colonisation in domestic animals , often implying direct infection from their human owners , ” the BBC quoted Oehler as saying
“ MRSA colonisation has been documented in companion animals such as horses , dogs , and cats and these animals have been viewed as potential reservoirs of infection .
“ MRSA - related skin infections of pets seem to occur in various manifestations and can be easily spread to owners . ”
However , any MRSA infection acquired from pets is treated with medication , as normal MRSA infections .
“ Pet owners are often unaware of the potential for transmission of life - threatening pathogens from their canine and feline companions , ” said the researchers .
“ Clinicians must continue to promote loving pet ownership , take an adequate pet history , and be aware that associated diseases are preventable via recognition , education and simple precautions , ” they added .
Prof. Enright , from Imperial College London , said : “ MRSA might be on a person ’s skin and , as they get bitten , it goes inside .
This is probably a marginal problem .
It may be of more significance in the US where community - acquired MRSA is more of an issue . ”
Via The Times of India
The Big Apple wants its skyscrapers to turn greener .
That ’s greener in terms of the environment , not in terms of money .
On a grassy rooftop in midtown Manhattan , Mayor Michael Bloomberg announced Wednesday – Earth Day – that the city will try to pass legislation mandating environmental changes that could reduce the city ’s total carbon output by 5 percent .
The proposed legislation is aimed at getting significant - sized buildings to meet tougher energy requirements anytime they renovate , to conduct an energy audit every 10 years , and to make energy improvements that will pay for themselves within five years .
According to the city , the energy improvements could save landlords $ 750 million a year – assuming they upgrade everything from their lighting systems to boilers .
New York ’s effort comes at a time when Congress is considering legislation to cap carbon emissions and then allow emitters to trade in carbon credits or allowances .
The proposal , which had its first day of hearings on Wednesday , is considered to be President Obama ’s second greatest legislative priority after healthcare reform .
On Wednesday , Mr. Obama , visiting a wind - power plant in Newton , Iowa , called on America to view a green emphasis as a way to lead the global economy in the 21st century .
For its part , New York is looked to by other cities as an environmental leader .
Its latest effort is being watched by other cities , and if they adopt such plans , too , the impact could be big :
The New York model requires older buildings , not just new ones , to become energy - efficient .
" This is a game - changer , because it 's the first large - scale citywide program to cut emissions from existing buildings .
It includes the private sector , and it focuses on efficiency upgrades that have a financial cost savings , " writes Fred Krupp , president of Environmental Defense Fund in New York , in an e-mail .
" And it does all that at the scale of New York City – harnessing billions of square feet of real estate to help solve global warming . "
According to the US Green Building Council , buildings in the US are responsible for 39 percent of the nation ’s carbon emissions and 32 percent of the energy usage .
In New York , which has a low transportation carbon footprint because of mass transit , buildings represent 80 percent of carbon emissions .
“ Buildings must be a part of the solution to the climate crisis and the economic crisis , ” says Richard Fedrizzi , CEO of the council , which is known for bestowing green status on buildings .
Despite the endorsement of some of America ’s most well - known environmental groups and some City Council leaders , it ’s not a given that the council will adopt the legislation .
Two years ago , the City Council considered requiring buildings to use biodiesel to cut down on emissions .
But that effort ran into opposition because there was concern that the biofuel would cause food prices to rise .
In addition , landlords in the city are starting to feel the effects of the economic downturn .
Office vacancy rates are rising .
Some prominent building owners , who purchased properties at the wrong time , are defaulting on payments .
Mayor Bloomberg ’s latest initiative is part of his plaNYC , an effort now 2 years old to substantially reduce the city ’s carbon footprint .
New York has already planted 174,189 trees ( with a goal of 1 million ) , added 80.9 miles of bike lanes , and launched 224 energy - efficiency projects for city buildings .
Among the major points of the new proposal :
• A new energy code that must be met by existing buildings of 50,000 square feet ( approximately equivalent to 50 apartment units ) whenever they make reservations .
This would go into effect in 2010 .
• The requirement for an energy audit every 10 years , which would go into effect in 2012 .
• A requirement for buildings to upgrade their lighting by 2010 .
To try to increase support for these moves , Bloomberg is characterizing them as creating 19,000 construction jobs .
At the announcement on Wednesday , a host of union leaders endorsed the plan .
The jobs would come as building owners replaced light fixtures , added energy - efficient faucets and showers , and cleaned and tuned their boilers .
Some $ 16 million in federal funds would go toward training such workers .
First picture of kidnap gang pensioner who abducted financial adviser after he lost £ 2 m savings
Pensioners battered a financial adviser with Zimmer frames before kidnapping and torturing him for losing £ 2 million of their savings .
James Amburn , 56 , was ambushed outside his home in Speyer , western Germany , bound with masking tape and bundled into a car boot .
‘ It took them quite a while because they ran out of breath , ’ said Mr Amburn , who was driven to the Bavarian lakeside home of one of the gang .
Another couple , retired doctors , joined the kidnappers in the cellar where Mr Amburn was chained and tortured for four days last week .
Suspects : Roland K. 74 , seen here with his 79 - year - old wife is accused of kidnapping James Amburn
‘ The fear of death was indescribable , ’ he said .
Mr Amburn was rescued when he sent a fax to release funds from a Swiss bank and scribbled a message on it for the receiver to call police . '
Mr Arnburn , 56 , described how two of his kidnappers , identified only as Roland K , 74 , and Willy D , 60 , hit him with a Zimmer frame outside his home in Speyer , west Germany before binding him with duct tape .
He was bundled into the boot of a silver Audi saloon and driven 300 miles to the home of Roland K on the shores of Lake Chiemsee in Bavaria .
As the financial advisor , who runs investment firm Digitalglobalnet , was bundled into the cellar another couple , retired doctors Gerhard and Iris F , aged 63 and 66 , arrived to assist his kidnappers .
Mr Amburn said : ' I had known these people for 25 years .
I had no reason to be afraid .
But as I went into my home I was jumped from the rear and struck .
' They bound me with masking tape until I looked like a mummy .
It took them quite a while because they ran out of breath .
When they loaded me into the car I thought I was a dead man .
' I was bleeding from my eyes , nose and my mouth .
But the nightmare had only just started .'
During his confinement in an unheated cellar , Mr Amburn claims he was burned with cigarettes , beaten , had two of his ribs broken when he was hit with a chair leg and chained up ' like an animal . '
He says he was fed only two bowls of watery soup during his four days in the dungeon .
' I was led into the cellar , ' recalled Mr Amburn , ' And I saw a folding bed and a WC reserved for me .
They immediately went on about their money .
' I told them what I had told them before , that due to market conditions , unfortunately it was gone .
' I was struck .
Again and again they threatened to kill me .
The fear of death was indescribable .
I never thought I would make it out alive .
' I tried to buy time , to ease the situation , but I did n’t know if night was day or day night .
' I told them that if I sold certain securities in Switzerland they could get their money and for this I had to send a fax to a bank in that country so funds could be transferred . '
They agreed and he sent a fax .
But unbeknown to them , he had scribbled a message on the bottom of the paper for whoever received it to call the police .
' It was disguised as a policy which is spelled police in German , ' he said .
' I wrote call police and they did n’t notice it but someone at the bank was bright enough to pick up on it . '
Allowed out of the cellar on Friday for cigarette break in the garden while the kidnappers waited on their loot , Mr Amburn attempted to escape over the wall .
In the pouring rain he ran down the street pursued by his captors in the Audi A8 they had used to transport him to the house .
Several people saw him but Roland K shouted : ' He ’s a burglar ! '
Ordeal : James Arnburn was held at a house by Lake Chiemsee , Germany ( above )
He was then dragged back to the cellar where he sustained several broken ribs as a ' punishment ' for trying to escape .
Shortly afterwards , the Swiss bank telephoned police in Germany and an armed team of special SEK commandos was scrambled and the house was stormed in the early hours of Saturday morning .
Forty armed officers rescued Mr Amburn who was naked except for his underwear .
A physician had to be on hand to help his captors into police vans because of their various infirmities .
They now face up to 15 years in jail each for illegal hostage taking , torture and grievous bodily harm .
Chief public prosecutor Volker Ziegler said : ' They were angry because they invested money in properties in Florida and he lost it all .
' This was black money - they had n’t declared it to the revenue authorities in Germany . '
Mr Amburn , who needed hospital treatment for his injuries before being allowed home , added : ' They threatened me with the Russian mafia too .
I am not sure I feel all that safe even though they are behind bars . '
The first scientific test on what is believed to be the remains of the Apostle Paul appears to confirm that they are genuine , the pope said .
It was the second major discovery concerning St Paul announced by the Vatican in as many days .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
On Saturday , the Vatican newspaper L'Osservatore Romano announced the discovery of a fresco inside another tomb depicting St Paul , which Vatican officials said represented the oldest known icon of the apostle .
The pope said archaeologists recently unearthed and opened the white marble sarcophagus located under the Basilica of St Paul 's Outside the Walls in Rome , which for some 2,000 years has been believed by the faithful to be the tomb of St Paul .
He said scientists had conducted carbon dating tests on bone fragments found inside the sarcophagus and confirmed that they date from the first or second century .
" This seems to confirm the unanimous and uncontested tradition that they are the mortal remains of the Apostle Paul , " he said , announcing the findings at a service in the basilica to mark the end of the Vatican 's Paoline year , in honour of the apostle .
Paul and Peter are the two main figures known for spreading the Christian faith after the death of Christ
According to tradition , St Paul , also known as the apostle of the Gentiles , was beheaded in Rome in the 1st century during the persecution of early Christians by Roman emperors .
Popular belief holds that bone fragments from his head are in another Rome basilica , St John Lateran , with his other remains inside the sarcophagus .
The pope said that when archaeologists opened the sarcophagus , they discovered alongside the bone fragments some grains of incense , a " precious " piece of purple linen with gold sequins and a blue fabric with linen filaments .
On Saturday , the Vatican newspaper announced that a round fresco edged in gold featuring the emaciated face of St Paul had been discovered in excavations of the tombs of St Tecla in Rome .
It was believed to have been dated from the end of the fourth century , making it the oldest known icon of St Paul , meaning it was an image designed for prayer , not just art , L'Osservatore Romano said .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
Monsignor Gianfranco Ravasi , president of the Vatican 's culture department , said the discovery was an " extraordinary event " that was an " eloquent testimony " to the Christianity of the first centuries .
Vatican archaeologists in 2002 began excavating the 8 - foot long tomb of St Paul , which dates from at least AD 390 and was buried under the basilica 's main altar .
The decision to unearth it was made after pilgrims who came to Rome during the Roman Catholic Church 's 2000 Jubilee year expressed disappointment at finding that the saint 's tomb - buried under layers of plaster and further hidden by an iron grate - could not be visited or touched .
The top of the coffin has small openings - subsequently covered with mortar - because in ancient times Christians would insert offerings or try to touch the remains .
The basilica stands at the site of two 4th - century churches - including one destroyed by a fire in 1823 that had left the tomb visible , first above ground and later in a crypt .
After the fire , the crypt was filled with earth and covered by a new altar .
A slab of cracked marble with the words " Paul apostle martyr " in Latin was also found embedded in the floor above the tomb .
Today is the feast of Saints Peter and Paul , a major feast day for the Roman Catholic Church , during which the pope will bestow a woollen pallium , or scarf , on all the new archbishops he has recently named .
From The Belfast Telegraph
SPD - Politiker fordert Wahlpflicht und Geldstrafen für Nichtwähler Florian Rötzer
SPD - und andere Parteien - machen wieder einmal die Wähler für ihr Scheitern verantwortlich und ihren eigenen Mangel an Selbstkritik deutlich .
Die SPD ist im freien Fall .
Nachdem Schröder bereits den
Weg nach unten eingeleitet und mit seiner Sozial - und Wirtschaftspolitik zahlreiche Anhänger vertrieben hat , war es geradezu widersinnig , die für diese Politik Verantwortlichen – Steinmeier und Müntefering - aus der zweiten Reihe nun ganz nach vorne zu stellen .
Entschlossen war man offenbar der Meinung , mit dem Weiter so sich gänzlich abwirtschaften zu wollen und die anderen Parteien – abgesehen von der CDU – davon profitieren zu lassen .
Natürlich wird nun innerhalb der Partei versucht , die Schuld für den Absturz , der sich auch für die Bundestagswahl abzeichnet , durch Gründe zu erklären , die mit den Entscheidungen des Parteiapparats nichts zu tun haben sollen .
" Kurs halten " gibt die SPD - Spitze als Ergebnis der Europawahlen aus .
Man sei " selbstbewusst und entschlossen " sagt Kapitän Müntefering , um das aufrechte Fähnldein noch zu halten , während die Ratten das Schiff schon verlassen .
In allererster Linie sind natürlich die Wähler schuld , vielmehr die Bürger , die erst gar nicht zur Wahl gingen .
Die SPD hat nämlich viele Anhänger , sagt man sich in der Partei , man habe sie nur nicht mobilisieren können ( das ist übrigens auch eine Meinung , die in der Linkspartei vertreten wird , um ihr mageres Ergebnis zu " erklären " ) .
Technik könnte helfen , meint etwa SPD - Innenexperte Dieter Wiefelspütz , der über die Einführung von Internetwahlen nachdenkt , " wenn es eine sichere Übertragung gibt " .
Das sei doch interessant für die vielen jungen Nicht - Wähler , um die Hemmschwelle zu überwinden .
Dass es auch an der Politik , den Kandidaten oder der Partei liegen könnte , ist auch den anderen von der Bild befragten Politikern ferne , die Wähler sollen sich dankbar für das Menü zeigen , das ihnen zur Auswahl vorgelegt wird .
Den Vogel schießt aber der SPD - Bundestagsabgeordnete Jörn Thießen ab , der fordert , die deutschen Wahlberechtigten in die Pflicht zu nehmen .
Gut deutsch will er die Wähler nicht durch Geschenke belohnen , sondern diejenigen bestrafen , die ihre demokratische Pflicht nicht erfüllen ( und so die SPD scheitern lassen ) .
Der Bild sagte er : „ Wir Politiker müssen im Parlament abstimmen - das kann man auch von den Wählern bei einer Wahl verlangen .
Wer nicht zur Wahl gehe , sollte künftig 50 Euro Strafe zahlen . "
Mit solchen Äußerungen macht man sich beim Wahlvolk sicherlich noch beliebter , auch wenn es in manchen Staaten durchaus eine Wahlpflicht und Geldstrafen gibt .
These photos , although taken from different angles , indicate the change in the Chacaltaya glacier since 1996
By James Painter
Latin America analyst
Scientists in Bolivia say that one of the country 's most famous glaciers has almost disappeared as a result of climate change .
The Chacaltaya glacier , 5,300 m ( 17,400 ft ) up in the Andes , used to be the world 's highest ski run .
But it has been reduced to just a few small pieces of ice .
Many Bolivians on the highland plains , and in two cities , depend on the melting of the glaciers for their water supply during the dry season .
The team of Bolivian scientists started measuring the Chacaltaya glacier in the 1990s .
Not long ago they were predicting that it would survive until 2015 .
But now it seems , the glacier has melted at a much faster rate than they expected .
Photos taken in the last two weeks show that all that is left of the majestic glacier , which is thought to be 18,000 years old , are a few lumps of ice near the top .
See how the glacier has retreated since 1940 Just 20 years ago skiers from all round the world would travel to Chacaltaya to say they had skied down the world 's highest ski run .
Water fears But Edson Ramirez , a scientist who has studied the region for years , says the significance of the melting glaciers goes way beyond tourism .
As well as those living on the highland plains , two of Bolivia 's main cities , La Paz and El Alto , rely on the Andean glaciers for an important part of their drinking water .
The World Bank warned earlier this year that many of the Andes ' tropical glaciers will disappear within 20 years .
This , the bank said , would both threaten the water supplies of nearly 80 million people living in the region , and jeopardise the future generation of hydropower .
Bolivia , Ecuador and Peru depend on that power for about half their electricity .
Mr Ramirez and his team are planning to hold a special ceremony this month to honour the loss of Chacaltaya .
It is as if someone had died , he says .
Return to top
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Dear Cecil :
As a volunteer worker with PWAs ( people with AIDS ) I 've been solemnly assured that AIDS was created in a lab by the CIA / KKK / KGB , etc. , to kill off all the commies / blacks / capitalists , etc .
Obviously this is just a modern take on that ancient and dishonorable tradition of blaming disaster and disease on your least favorite minority , as the Jews were blamed in the Middle Ages for the Black Death .
It did bring to mind , though , the stories that some Native Americans tell about the deliberate introduction of smallpox as a form of genocide .
One version I 've read has Custer 's cavalry handing out infected blankets on the reservations , and on the Pacific Northwest coast , where I live , some of the First Nations believe this sort of thing was going on as recently as the 1930s .
I 'm skeptical , not because I attribute any high morality to the Europeans , some of whom would have cheerfully infected natives if they thought they could get away with it , but precisely because of the boomerang effect .
Even today it seems to me the only thing keeping a lid on biological warfare is the fact that it will potentially kill as many of your people as of the enemy .
Bearing in mind that absence of evidence is not evidence of absence , is there any " smoking gun " in the form of documents , eyewitness testimony recorded at the time , or guilt - wracked confessions , to indicate that whites ever really did attempt such a germical holocaust ?
Philip Torrens , Vancouver
Cecil replies :
A common reaction to this story is that it has to be folklore .
Giving infected blankets to the Indians — why , that ’s awful !
That ’s disgusting !
That ’s … ethnic cleansing .
Hmm .
Maybe this story bears a closer look .
Fact is , on at least one occasion a high - ranking European considered infecting the Indians with smallpox as a tactic of war .
I ’m talking about Lord Jeffrey Amherst , commander of British forces in North America during the French and Indian War ( 1756 - ’63 ) .
Amherst and a subordinate discussed , apparently seriously , sending infected blankets to hostile tribes .
What ’s more , we ’ve got the documents to prove it , thanks to the enterprising research of Peter d’Errico , legal studies professor at the University of Massachusetts at ( fittingly ) Amherst .
D’Errico slogged through hundreds of reels of microfilmed correspondence looking for the smoking gun , and he found it .
The exchange took place during Pontiac ’s Rebellion , which broke out after the war , in 1763 .
Forces led by Pontiac , a chief of the Ottawa who had been allied with the French , laid siege to the English at Fort Pitt .
According to historian Francis Parkman , Amherst first raised the possibility of giving the Indians infected blankets in a letter to Colonel Henry Bouquet , who would lead reinforcements to Fort Pitt .
No copy of this letter has come to light , but we do know that Bouquet discussed the matter in a postscript to a letter to Amherst on July 13 , 1763 :
P.S. I will try to inocculate the Indians by means of Blankets that may fall in their hands , taking care however not to get the disease myself .
As it is pity to oppose good men against them , I wish we could make use of the Spaniard ’s Method , and hunt them with English Dogs .
Supported by Rangers , and some Light Horse , who would I think effectively extirpate or remove that Vermine .
On July 16 Amherst replied , also in a postscript :
P.S. You will Do well to try to Innoculate the Indians by means of Blanketts , as well as to try Every other method that can serve to Extirpate this Execrable Race .
I should be very glad your Scheme for Hunting them Down by Dogs could take Effect , but England is at too great a Distance to think of that at present .
On July 26 Bouquet wrote back :
I received yesterday your Excellency ’s letters of 16th with their Inclosures .
The signal for Indian Messengers , and all your directions will be observed .
We do n’t know if Bouquet actually put the plan into effect , or if so with what result .
We do know that a supply of smallpox - infected blankets was available , since the disease had broken out at Fort Pitt some weeks previously .
We also know that the following spring smallpox was reported to be raging among the Indians in the vicinity .
To modern ears , this talk about infecting the natives with smallpox , hunting them down with dogs , etc. , sounds over the top .
But it ’s easy to believe Amherst and company were serious .
D’Errico provides other quotes from Amherst ’s correspondence that suggest he considered Native Americans subhumans who ought to be exterminated .
Check out his research for yourself at www.nativeweb.org/pages/l egal/amherst/lord_jeff.html .
He not only includes transcriptions but also reproduces the relevant parts of the incriminating letters .
Cecil Adams
Send questions to Cecil via cecil@straightdope.com .
The Los Angeles Times came under criticism Thursday after it ran a front - page advertisement that resembled a news story .
The ad for the NBC drama “ Southland ” appeared in the left column , starting below the fold and above and beside a banner ad for the television show .
The ad , which was labeled “ advertisement ” and carried the NBC peacock logo , was written from the perspective of a reporter on a ride - along with the show ’s main character , a Los Angeles police officer .
The Times appears to be the first major U.S. newspaper in modern times to have run a front - page ad in a format that could be mistaken for a news story , said Geneva Overholser , director of the School of Journalism at the USC Annenberg School for Communication .
Publisher Eddy Hartenstein said he decided to run the NBC ad despite newsroom objections because he was trying to ensure that The Times could continue to operate .
Advertisement
“ Because of the times that we ’re in , we have to look at all sorts of different -- and some would say innovative -- new solutions for our advertising clients , ” he said .
The Times , like other newspapers , has struggled with shrinking revenue and has laid off hundreds of employees in the last year .
Industrywide , advertising revenue in 2008 declined 17 % , to $ 38 billion , according to the Newspaper Assn. of America .
Tribune Co. , which owns The Times , filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in December 2008 .
Hartenstein said the ad netted a “ significant premium ” over traditional rates but declined to be more specific .
NBC was n’t planning to buy print ads for “ Southland ” until The Times pitched this concept , said Adam Stotsky , NBC Entertainment Marketing president .
Advertisement
The advertisement , which drew complaints from about 70 readers , ran over the objections of Editor Russ Stanton .
In addition , a dozen editors had e-mailed Hartenstein on Wednesday night asking that the ad be “ withdrawn or revised . ”
“ There is not an editor in this nation -- including me -- who really wants to see something like that on the front page of his or her publication , ” Stanton said .
The Times has been running ads on its front page since mid-2007 .
But the “ Southland ” ad was different , industry observers say .
“ It ’s unwise and ethically problematic to have advertising morph into news content and style , ” said Bob Steele , a journalism values scholar at the Poynter Institute and a professor at DePauw University .
“ Each step may seem like a small one .
But each time you cut a corner , you create weakness in the overall product . ”
Advertisement
Staff members also objected to an advertising supplement scheduled to run with Sunday ’s Calendar section .
The four - page section promotes the film “ The Soloist , ” which is based on a series of articles by Times columnist Steve Lopez .
Although labeled as an ad supplement , the section ’s typography and layout mimic those of a regular Times news section .
Hartenstein said he planned to meet with Stanton next week to discuss ad standards before the paper commits to another front - page ad similar to the “ ride - along ” one .
--
alana.semuels@latimes.com
Advertisement
martin.zimmerman @latimes.com
Researchers from Germany find a way to improve the density of magnetic data storage , by around a thousand times .
The data will also last much longer than is possible today ...
Today we are using Cobalt as the material of choice for magnetic data recording .
The trouble is that the grains of Cobalt consist of about 50,000 atoms in a hexagonal close packed structure , and it is hard to reduce that number .
The team have found is a way to trick cobalt dimers into thinking that they 're in a hexagonal close packed structure .
Their idea is to attach the dimers to a hexagonal carbon ring such as benzene or graphene .
In this scenario , one of the pair of cobalt atoms bonds with the carbon ring , and the magnetic field between the cobalt atoms can be switched by applying a weak magnetic field and a strong electric field .
So Carbon rings storage should allow engineers to make much longer - lasting and higher - density memory .
The ICFP 2009 Programming Contest — A diary .
Justin Bailey < jgbailey@codeslower.com >
June 25 , 2009 -- 9:00 AM
This site will serve as a diary and reference for my work on the upcoming ICFP 2009 programming contest .
All code committed will be available on GitHub and can be cloned from git://github.com/m4dc4p/func-n-stein.git .
June 25 , 2009 -- 11:43 AM
All times PDT , by the way .
Downloaded the spec , read through it , seems a lot like last years problem .
I have to implement a virtual machine and then solve a bunch of orbit problems ?
Sounds doubly tough .
For starters I think I will implement something to write the submission format , and submit an empty solution .
We 'll see what happens .
June 25 , 2009 -- 2:03 PM
Got code to write a solution and have submitted an empty solution .
Not sure if double representation will be written correctly - does Haskell write it in " IEEE 764 " notation automatically ?
Had to do some pointer conversions to write doubles as binary data :
v <- allocaBytes 8 $ \p -> do poke p val mapM ( \i -> peekElemOff ( castPtr p ) i ) [ 0 , 1 ]
' ' val ' ' is our double value .
I write to 8 byte memory location , then read out as two 32 - bit values :
-- write to file hPutWord ( int2 Word addr ) hPutWord ( v !!
0 ) hPutWord ( v !!
1 )
' ' h PutWord ' ' fixes the type , as it takes a Word32 and writes it to a file :
h PutWord :: Word32 -> IO () hPutWord w = with w $ \p -> do hPutBuf h p ( sizeOf w )
I do se a bug above , where I am not writing the value in little - endian order .
Better fix that !
June 25 , 2009 -- 2:52 PM
Fairly confident output file format is being written correctly .
At least the competition server does n't complain
When I submit solutions that write to the correct config port .
Also cabalized early so it wo n't be too painful later -- I expect dependencies to grow .
Now I 'll write some code to read the executable file format .
June 25 , 2009 -- 3:37 PM
Got some code that seems to read the executable file format ( '' ReadObf.hs ' ' ) .
Lots of grungy work with pointers , bits and bytes here .
Reading words and doubles is a lot like writing them :
getWord p i = do v <- peekElemOff ( castPtr p ) i return $ ( v :: Word32 ) getDouble p i = do v <- peekElemOff ( castPtr p ) i return $ ( v :: Double )
where '' p '' points to the buffer containing the file in memory and '' i ' ' is an absolute offset to start reading from .
For some reason the file format alternates between ( instr , val ) and ( val , instr ) .
I created two nearly identical functions to read each :
toInstrE i = do --
With even addresses , instruction comes first .
instr <- getWord p i val <- getDouble p ( i + 1 ) return $ Instr instr val to InstrO i = do -- With odd addresses , value comes first .
val <- getDouble p i instr <- getWord p ( i + 2 ) return $ Instr instr val
'' Instr Word32 Double ' ' will represent a raw instruction , before it is translated to an op code / value pair for the machine .
Then I need to iterate over the array to convert each 96 - bit value into an ' ' Instr ' ' value .
'' fold M ' ' looked like the right fit :
instrs <- foldM ( \is ( f , i ) -> f i is ) [ ] ( zip ( cycle [ applyE , applyO ] ) [ 0,3..size ] )
Ouch ! '' applyE ' ' and ' ' applyO ' ' let me alternate the function I am using to convert values :
applyE i instrs = do is <- toInstrE i return ( is : instrs ) applyO i instrs = do is <- toInstrO i return ( is : instrs )
' ' [ 0,3.. size ] ' ' give me the indices to read process every 3 words in the buffer .
'' cycle [ applyE , applyO ] '' gives me a list of alternating functions to apply .
I zip those together and fold .
My instructions pop out the other end !
June 25 , 2009 -- 10:51 PM
Everything looked good until I tried to convert the bytes read from the executable format to opcodes .
" Unrecognized D- type op : 9 " -- WTF ?
All I can say is - bastards !
The instructions are stored in reverse binary .
For example , the spec says a D - type op code occupies bits " 31 - 28 " , with value from 0x1 - 0x6 .
I assumed the bits were in 28 - 31 , in that order .
No !
I am pretty sure 0x1 is represented as " 1000 " ( from 31 - 28 ) , not " 0001 " !
Well , hopefully this page on bit - twiddling tricks has an algorith for reversing a word .
I should be able to hide that from the rest of the program and convert to opcodes .
June 26 , 2009 -- 6:40 AM
I 'm still not sure if the instruction word needs to be reversed , because I wasted a bunch of time trying to figure out why I was reading illegal instructions in the .obf file .
I went to bed last night stuck -- it seemed I was reading the file incorrectly , or at least that 's all I could guess .
I figured it had something to do with '' little - endianess , '' which I felt unsure of .
I was all ready to go back to first principles and experiment with reading and writing obf files .
Fortunately I decided to look over the problem description again while I was eating breakfast .
Lo and behold , I had the executable format wrong -- I coded it so that the instruction came first on even frames .
That 's wrong -- it 's odd frames !
Making that small switch allowed me to read the obf file correctly .
Now to determine if the instructions are stored reversed or not .
June 26 , 2009 -- 6:53 AM
Bingo !
No reversal needed .
Hallelujah .
A quick test showed that parsing the obf file failed with the reversal added .
Ergo , it must be wrong .
Now let 's implement our machine .
June 26 , 2009 -- 2:45 PM
The machine seems to be working and is fairly performant , though not amazing .
10000 iterations on bin1 go pretty fast .
100,000 or 1,000,000 get progressively worse .
Hopefully it wo n't be too bad .
Simulating a machine with mutable memory is always interesting in Haskell .
The magic of '' runSTUArray '' is saving me here .
Each iteration of the machine is run inside the ST monad , which allows me to modify a mutable array ( from Machine.hs ) :
step :: Machine -> STUArray s Int Val -> ( OpCode , Addr ) -> ST s ( STUArray s Int Val ) step m mem ( op , addr ) = ...
' ' mem ' ' is my mutable array .
While the machine executes its program once , I can update the array as much as I like .
You can see that in action in the ' ' exec ' ' function :
exec :: Machine -> Input ->
Machine exec m@( Machine { instrs = instrs } ) inps = let m' = m { inputs = readInputs inps } newMem = runSTUArray $ do mem ' <- thaw ( dataMem m ) foldM ( step m ' ) mem ' ( zip instrs [ 0.. ] )
' ' fold M ' ' takes care of executing all instructions , while step updates the mutable array as needed .
The final array is returned by runSTUArray as an immutable array , meaning its like any other Haskell value .
This is a fast way to deal with mutable values but there are some downsides .
Since I want to keep a trace of the output around , I can't reuse the same array on subsequent iterations ( at least , not safely ) .
That is why you see '' thaw ' ' in there , instead of '' unsafe Thaw ' ' .
The second is that runSTUArray can only return a single array .
The machine has several mutable values : memory , output ports , and the status register .
I have no idea if output ports can be written to more than once , but better safe than sorry .
So the mutable array above actually holds all those values , and I split it up at the end of each execution ( where '' newMem ' ' is the final state of memory after the iteration ) :
outputs = runSTUArray $ do -- output ports after memory in array .
newListArray ( 0 , outputSize ) ( map ( newMem ! ) [ memSize .. memSize + outputSize - 1 ] ) statusA = runSTUArray $ do -- status bit at end of memory newListArray ( 0 , 1 ) [ newMem ! ( memSize + outputSize ) ]
Since I still have no idea how to do the math for these problems , I 'm going to try and use chalkboard ( from Hackage ) to write a visualizer so I can see what these orbits look like ...
June 28 , 2009 10:45 AM
Got visualization for the first problem working with Chalkboard last night .
What a great little library .
Funny enough , it 's also by Andy Gill , one of the contest organizers .
My only complaint is speed - it 's unbearably slow at resoulutions past 200 x 200 .
Good enough for me though
I found the site with the math I need for at least the first problem , http://www.braeunig.us/space/.
Very understandable and much clearer than the Wikipedia entry referenced in the contest document .
Reading the contest blog , it seems the first problem is actually scored based on fuel used , not remaining .
Hohmann is the wrong approach to the problem in that case , but I 'm still going to implement it just to see how it behaves .
June 29 , 11:00 AM
I submitted my final program and traces for the first scenario .
Unfortunately I never managed to get a score .
My visualization worked beautifully , and it seemed like I was making the transfer orbit correctly .
However , I suspect I 'm reading some value backwards or have a sign error .
Ah well , it was a fun time and I thought the machine I implemented was pretty slick .
Very fast and did n't leak a lot of memory .
Here 's to next year !
For the curious , the repo is available from git://github.com/m4dc4p/func-n-stein.git.
With the Haskell Platform installed it 's really easy to build .
First get chalkboard and chalkboard - viewer from Hackage ( or use caball install ) .
In the source directory , type :
> cabal build > dist\build\func-n-stein\func-n-stein -s hohmann -c 1001
and the first scenario will be run .
To visualize it :
> dist\build\hohmann-vis\hohmann-vis hohmann_1001.trc
Only the first scenario is supported , with config values 1001 - 1004 .
It is amazing how little attention on a national scale the California debacle is getting .
California alone is the 8th largest economy in the world and contributes $ 1.8 trillion a year to the national GDP .
In the mainstream press , all you hear is sound bites of “ there goes California ” yet the state is teetering on economic insolvency .
The U.S. Treasury and Federal Reserve seem more concerned about shoring up a situation where the U.S. dollar collapses instead of focusing on systematically changing the problems that have driven our economy to the cliff .
California is a perfect example of how not to finance a state economy .
I know many people out of state have a hard time understanding how $ 100,000 a year can make you feel broke in this state but after reading this article , you will understand why .
Keep in mind , you can live here on a $ 46,000 a year budget but that is now going to become harder and harder given this crisis .
California has drastically changed in the past century .
Before 1912 California would pull 70 percent of its revenue from property taxes .
In most cases property taxes are a better and steadier revenue stream because they tend to fluctuate the least in challenging economic times ( assuming we do n’t have mega once in a century national real estate bubbles like we just did ) .
Even with recessions , property taxes are a good revenue stream because people for the most part will cut back on virtually every other line item before losing a home .
Yet that is now not the case .
Now , the primary sources of income for the state are personal income taxes , sales and use taxes , bank and corporation taxes , and a variety of excise taxes .
This is how it breaks down :
It is rather apparent how a recession this deep will plunge the state to near economic collapse .
First , personal income taxes take major hits during a crisis like this .
If the state is drawing nearly half of its revenue from a volatile stream , you will get volatile tax collections .
Plus , with an 11.5 percent unemployment rate meaning over 2,100,000 people are “ officially ” unemployed there is no income tax being paid in the first place by a large contingent .
Sales and use taxes make up nearly 35 percent .
Well of course during a crisis , people are going to pull back and not buy items like cars , big televisions , and therefore sales taxes will be hit as well .
The California revenue system is a boom and bust system .
Take a look at revenue streams for the past few years :
Capital gains income highlights this boom and bust cycle perfectly .
In 2000 with the technology bubble California residents took in $ 117.56 billion in capital gains which the state received a nice chunk of $ 10.6 billion .
Yet after the bust , in 2001 only $ 50.7 billion was made and only $ 35.5 billion in 2002 .
So of course , this revenue stream was chopped each year .
Then with the real estate bubble , we see that 2005 , 2006 , and 2007 actually brought in more money than the tech bubble .
The state of course collected nice sums of money from this bubble .
Yet now , this has busted and capital gains income has fallen off a cliff .
Interestingly enough , property taxes actually increased from 2000 to 2001 at a modest rate even while cap gains split in half .
Now we are seeing drops in property tax collections given the epic California housing bubble that was built over the decade .
Property taxes for the most part are viewed as local revenue streams and impact cities , counties , and schools more directly .
The breakdown for example is roughly 17 percent counties , 11 for cities , 53 percent to schools , and 19 percent to special districts .
Here is the breakdown :
Now keep in mind , this is for 2006 - 07 which was a banner year .
During the 2006 - 07 fiscal year property tax revenues came in at $ 43.16 billion .
According to data provided by the Board of Equalization property assessed values during this time reached $ 4.28 trillion in the state .
Now this was at the peak .
By most estimates , the bubble has popped and California as whole has seen the median price drop by 50 percent .
So it is safe to say that the values are now at $ 2.1 trillion .
No wonder why revenue is drying up from every possible angle .
A big shift in revenue streams came on June 6 , 1978 when voters overwhelmingly approved Proposition 13 .
The reason this was passed is dramatic rises in property taxes during that time and also , a growing state surplus of $ 5 billion .
Proposition 13 rolled most local property taxes back to 1975 assessments and limited property tax rate increases to 1 percent plus the rate of local voter approved bond measures .
It was a limit to future property taxes .
After this measure passed , property taxes collapsed from $ 10.8 billion in 1977 - 78 to $ 5.4 billion in 1978 - 79 .
So people tend to forget that once this happened local governments went into fiscal haywire .
For the first two years after Proposition 13 passed the legislature had to bailout local governments .
The first year a stop - gap measure costing $ 4.17 billion was used from the state surplus .
A second year bailout cost the state $ 4.85 billion .
But many properties have traded hands in recent years given the California housing bubble .
With this , many properties are now sitting on overpriced assessments .
Proposition 13 allows for reassessment when properties exchange hands .
So now after the drastic collapse in prices , you can rest assured that taxes may be too high on some properties ironically .
It is pure insanity how California does its taxes .
How so ?
Well if you assessed property at bubble level prices on a yearly basis , the overall cost of owning a home would be more accurately reflected .
We now have people who bought at the peak with overpriced homes and over assessed properties .
It just does n’t give an accurate reflection of true cost .
Also , you have corporations who use Proposition 13 as a shell to keep paying commercial rates dating back to the 1970s since they do n’t need to exchange property as often as say a residential homeowner .
Yet that is one side of the story .
The bigger drain is the personal income tax stream plus the sales tax .
Let us see how this plays out for someone making $ 100,000 a year :
Let us assume you are a young working professional making $ 100,000 a year .
The above chart shows you how much money you are left with once all taxes are taken .
After all is said and done , nearly 40 percent of your income is gone ( most of it going to the federal government ) .
So after that , you can feel good right ?
No .
Because the state will then tax you like crazy with sales tax .
Here in California many counties now have 9 to 10 percent sales tax rates !
So after your $ 8,333 a month gross goes to $ 5,267 net , you now have to go out and buy things .
But when you buy an item , you are going to pay an additional tax .
The true tax burden for Californians is near 50 percent when all is said and done .
It would be one thing to pay for effective government but can you call what we have effective ?
What many people do n’t realize is that 15 percent of California taxpayers , those that make over $ 100,000 pay 84 percent of all the personal income tax revenue .
And those that make over $ 480,940 which are the top 1 percent pay 48 percent of all state personal income taxes :
The problem with this system especially when you had many in the technology industry making tons of bubble money during the bubble is once it bursts , you will lose your primary source of income .
More recently , you had a double revenue bubble since property taxes soared because of the massive housing bubble but you also had tons of people working in the finance , real estate , and other related industries making these high incomes which are now gone .
So you lose the income and the property tax streams .
Systemically our system is broken .
Proposition 13 is only one piece of the puzzle .
The problem is we depend on revenue sources that are not stable .
Unfortunately a better source of revenue is property taxes just like many other states have .
Yet to raise property taxes without adjusting state personal income taxes is insanity .
Also , going back to the $ 100,000 worker , housing prices are still much too high .
For example , let us now assume this person wants to buy a modest home in a decent area .
Let us look at some L.A. areas for an example .
Let us assume this person wants to buy a starter home in Eagle Rock .
The median price for Eagle Rock is $ 475,000 and that is with the current reality that L.A. County as a region has seen the median price drop by 50 percent ( of course much of this is because of the lower end distress market making up over half of sales ) .
So this person decides to buy this home with 10 percent down :
Down payment : $ 47,500
Mortgage : $ 427,500 ( 30 year fixed at 5.5 percent )
PITI : $ 2,921
Net Income : $ 5,267
Disposable income after house payment : $ 2,346
Now many would say big deal here .
But you need to remember we have done no contribution to a 401k or we have n’t even factored in healthcare costs .
Food ?
Car ?
You can see that a $ 100,000 in California does not go a long way and only 15 percent of taxpayers fall in this bracket .
Just imagine for the median income earner which is approximately $ 50,000 .
So you say what about 2 income households ?
That puts us up to 26 percent of the population that makes over $ 100,000 but this is from 2007 data .
With unemployment skyrocketing since then that figure is surely lower .
It ’ll be fascinating to see the data figures once we have our next big census in 2010 .
We may see a lost decade of income for many Californians .
If it is n’t obvious to you already , we need a massive overhaul of the system .
The current solutions of pure cuts or pure tax hikes are piecemeal solutions because as you can see , we ’ll be back at this again next year .
We need to reform the system to include more stable revenue streams and link up state government to these streams so they do n’t go into feast and famine mode every few years .
For the past 20 years , we jumped from one bubble to the next .
Unfortunately , there is no other bubble in the short - term and the reality of the mess is being exposed .
Because if $ 100,000 a year is not enough for someone to live on here in the state and have a middle class lifestyle , then we have some serious issues .
If you enjoyed this post click here to subscribe to a complete feed and stay up to date with today ’s challenging market !
" If the big teams and the big manufacturers leave F1 , then I do n't want to race with small teams because it is not F1 any more , " Alonso said .
" To have three or four new teams and lose six or seven of the big manufacturers – I can't understand it .
For me , it 's strange that nobody sat down and thought about how much we are damaging the sport . "
A New South Wales woman has been confirmed as Australia 's first case of swine flu .
Queensland 's chief medical officer , Dr Jeanette Young , says the woman , who is aged in her 20s , flew into Brisbane from Los Angeles on Thursday .
She says the woman was no longer contagious when she boarded Qantas flight QF16 , but has since tested " weak positive " to the virus .
" We are still waiting results on four others , which we will have by the end of today , " she said .
Dr Young says Queensland 's medical facilities are more than up to the job of testing for swine flu .
" It 's very fortunate that we 've got very good testing facilities so we can differentiate between seasonal flu and this new flu ... so that we know what we need to do , " she said .
" That 's one of the most important things ; our pathology testing at this point in time is probably one of the most critical aspects of our whole response to this flu issue . "
She says more than 360 people have been tested for swine flu so far .
" We have a capacity [ for ] a further 300 tests at Coopers Plains , at our public health laboratory there , and then of course the private sector is very able and capable of doing a minimum 300 tests a day , " she said .
Federal Health Minister Nicola Roxon told a press conference this morning authorities are contacting anyone who may have come into contact with her .
" People who were travelling on Qantas QF16 from Los Angeles to Brisbane arriving on May 7 should of course be being very conscious of any symptoms they might be showing , " she said .
" The advice we have , given the history of her illness and the time when she was unwell , is that she is very unlikely to have been infectious on the plane .
" That means we are very unlikely to have any live swine flu infection here in Australia currently but we are taking all precautionary steps .
" That 's why Queensland Health is following the protocols that are in place . "
She says she has spoken to Australia 's chief medical officer Jim Bishop , who advised that Australia should remain on the current alert level , the " delay phase " .
" Because at this stage there is no evidence of any live infection in Australia , the advice currently is for us not to change that alert level , " she said .
" That will continue to be assessed , of course , over the coming hours and days if there are any further developments . "
Ms Roxon has asked the Australian public to remain calm .
" It was inevitable given the spread of this disease across the world that we would have some infection here in Australia , " she said .
" We 've got a very strong health system able to cope with this sort of outbreak , if it was to spread further in Australia .
" The border measures that were put in place by the Government have helped identify this person early and will remain in place until we 're advised that these measures are no longer necessary . "
She said 18 Australians are still being investigated .
Twenty - five countries are now reporting swine flu infections , with over 2,500 cases .
- ABC/AAP
The euro currency sign in front of the European Central Bank in Frankfurt Plaid Cymru 's Jill Evans has called on Labour to release its MEPs ' expenses data before the European elections .
The MEP , who is standing for re-election , says she has published her expenses for the first three months of 2009 and will do so every quarter .
But Labour said all its MEPs voluntarily had their office expenditure independently audited .
Labour also said both its Welsh MEPs " consistently campaigned and voted for more transparency " on allowances .
Plaid 's election campaign has featured several attacks on Labour 's record , and Ms Evans 's comments came against a backdrop of continuing controversy over politicians ' expenses in Westminster .
Ms Evans is standing for re-election to the European Parliament , but the two Labour MEPs Glenys Kinnock and Eluned Morgan are standing down .
" Since my election to the European Parliament I have campaigned to reform the wasteful expenses system , " said Ms Evans .
Independent accountant " I have frequently condemned the allowances publicly and always voted for more openness and for all details of MEPs ' expenses to be made public . "
At its manifesto launch , Plaid Cymru leader Ieuan Wyn Jones also criticised Labour 's record in the European Parliament .
Labour responded to Plaid 's comments by saying that since 2000 all its MEPs had agreed to submit office and secretarial expenditure to an independent accountant " to ensure that all expenditure is within the European Parliament regulations , applicable law and the additional guidance laid down by the European Parliamentary Labour Party ( EPLP ) . "
Labour said both Ms Kinnock and Ms Morgan published the accountant 's certificate of conformity on their websites , and that other parties had only " belatedly " introduced other systems of accountability .
Labour also said both its Welsh MEPs also fully supported the EPLP decision " to ensure that all Labour MEPs in the new Parliament publish all expense details online every six months , including receipts of office costs , and a breakdown of their daily allowance " .
Office equipment
In addition , Labour said its MEPs ' office and administrative costs allowances of a maximum of 4,000 euros a month was " spent entirely on office equipment " .
A Welsh Conservative Party spokesman said : " We recognise the public is angry about the issue of politicians ' expenses .
" That 's why all Conservative MEPs provide full transparency of their expenditure .
" We are pleased Plaid Cymru is following our lead in starting to rebuild trust in politics . "
The Welsh Liberal Democrats ' lead candidate , Alan Butt Philip , said the Plaid MEP was right to publish her expenses online , " but this really is the least Welsh voters should expect " .
Mr Butt Philip said : " All Liberal Democrat candidates and existing MEPs have signed up to a full and proper code of conduct which the Welsh public can scrutinise us against .
" The people I meet as I campaign cross Wales do n't just want to see what expenses are claimed , they want to see less waste and absolute decency and accountability . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Paul Krugman , in one of his more inflamatory statements , claimed that congressmen who voted against cap and trade were guilty of " planetary treason . "
The bill contains substantial support for biofuels , including a five year moratorium on letting the EPA decide whether , on net , producing ethanol actually reduces carbon dioxide .
Converting food crops into fuel drives up the price of food .
Driving up the world price of food results in more people in poor countries dying .
Krugman is , no doubt , opposed to world hunger in theory .
But he has come out passionately in favor of it in practice .
Treason or murder , take your choice .
If we had tried to invent a scenario that would illustrate some of the reasons why we need DMCA exemptions for cell phone " jailbreaking , " we could not have come up with a better story than Trent Reznor 's recent troubles with Apple 's iPhone app store .
Reznor , front man for the band Nine Inch Nails and an innovator in the world of digital music , had the latest version of his Nine Inch Nails - themed application for the iPhone rejected by Apple on the grounds that it contained " objectionable content " — the content in this case being a streaming version of the song " The Downward Spiral , " which includes Reznor 's usual strong language .
Reznor posted a message about the snafu on a NIN message board :
And while we 're at it , I 'll voice the same issue I had with Wal - Mart years ago , which is a matter of consistency and hypocrisy .
Wal - Mart went on a rampage years ago insisting all music they carry be censored of all profanity and " clean " versions be made for them to carry .
Bands ( including Nirvana ) tripped over themselves editing out words , changing album art , etc to meet Wal - Mart 's standards of decency — because Wal - Mart sells a lot of records .
NIN refused , and you 'll notice a pretty empty NIN section at any Wal - Mart .
Actually , it 's worse than that .
If a customer is unhappy with the limited options at Wal - Mart , she can easily go across the street to another store with a better selection .
But in this case , a customer wanting access to uncensored content for her iPhone would have no where else to go , thanks to Apple 's policy of locking up the iPhone and blocking all unapproved applications .
It 's as if Wal - Mart was the only place to buy music .
Or , to use another analogy , imagine buying a car from a dealership .
The dealer will probably find all sorts of ways to get more money out of you , but they wo n't be able to dictate where you drive once you buy the car , or what gas you put it in , or what you listen to on the car stereo .
But then Apple has n't launched it 's new iCar yet .
Now , Apple certainly has the right to sell whatever they like through their store ( even if it is more than a little absurd for Apple to censor a song they are currently selling , dirty words and all , through their iTunes store ) .
And many iPhone customers may be perfectly happy with the 35,000 applications that have been approved by Apple in the App Store .
But the point is that customers who are not satisfied with Apple 's inventory should have the option to take their business elsewhere .
As we 've pointed out many times in the past , the DRM that Apple uses to lock up content is n't about protecting artists from piracy : it 's about protecting Apple from competition .
Data on new and recent math PhDs
Historical Data for Mathematics PhDs
Data from the annual employment survey of the American Mathematics Society ( AMS ) , available at http://www.ams.org/employment/surveyreports.html
Data for 2008 is preliminary , and " %unemployed " refers to the unemployment rate for new PhDs , shortly after receiving their degree .
Data compiled from surveys of the math departments awarding the degrees .
AMS data of recent mathematics PhD recipients Year of PhD number of PhDs US citizen PhDs % female % underrep 'd minorities %unemployed 2008 1235 540 31 9 4.7 2007 1333 576 31 6 2.4 2006 1311 552 28 8 3.3 2005 1222 496 28 7 3.9
2009 data
The data show that , by any possible measure , the number of unemployed mathematicians in 2009 is significantly larger than past years , with an unemployment rate for new math PhDs of more than 30 percent this year .
Demographic data :
The racial / ethnic makeup of the applicant pool was 51 % white , 35 % asian or pacific islander , 6 % black or hispanic , and 8 % other or not reporting .
Data by year of PhD :
Kane Barratt was part of a gang who threatened victims during robberies A convicted robber from Greater Manchester is being investigated after he was apparently able to update his Facebook page from his prison cell .
Kane Barratt , 21 , from Stockport , is being held at Lancaster prison and is believed to have updated his webpage from a mobile phone .
The Ministry of Justice confirmed an investigation is taking place .
Paul Dillon , who had a knife held to his throat in an attack by Barratt , has criticised prison authorities .
The 55 - year - old , an electrical engineer from Gatley in Cheshire , said he was " surprised and appalled " when he heard that Barratt had access to the social networking site .
" I do n't think prison is tough enough and I do n't think the prison authorities have been vigilant to have a mobile phone at your disposal while in prison and having your name on Facebook , like some urban legend .
" He was putting up messages like , ' The establishment have locked me up but my soul is still free ' . "
A Prison Service spokesman said prisoners would not usually have mobile phones or internet access .
Barratt , who uses the name Kane Reilly on Facebook , appears to have updated the site with photos and comments about life in prison .
The Prison Service spokesman said : " Prisoners do not have access to mobile phones or the internet and cannot personally contribute to websites .
" This form of media is totally unregulated and we have no power to remove a social networking profile from the internet .
" Body Orifice Security Scanners will soon be introduced .
These will be supported by high sensitivity metal detectors and mobile phone signal detectors .
" The Ministry of Justice has contacted Facebook in order to seek their help in assisting the Prison Service in preventing prisoners from making inappropriate postings on their website . "
Barratt , of Heathland Terrace , is serving five - and - a - half years after admitting two robberies and three burglaries .
He was part of a gang that broke into a number of homes , terrorised victims and stole their car keys in a six - week crime spree in Bury , Oldham , Stockport and Rochdale .
Cars were stolen from victims , who were threatened with weapons such as machetes , and some homes were burgled more than three times by the gang .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Annals of Necrophilia Body Worlds Strikes Again
By now , people around the world have become used to the periodic provocations eminating from the plastinated human corpses displayed by Gunther von Hagens .
But he may have outdone himself in a new Berlin exhibition .
Pandits e-mail excluded CitigroupÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s write - down !
Wow , so if Citi does report a negative 1st Q , then whatever shred of confidence we have left in US financials will quickly evaporate and crush equities and probably force the US government to Ã¢â‚ ¬ËœtrulyÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢ nationalize both them and BOFA .
Global Consumer confidence surveys continue to take a battering .
Collectively we are scrapping over any positive indication that a potential bottom is on the horizon .
We are starved for something Ã¢â‚ ¬Ëœless negativeÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢ ; alas we may have to wait a wee bit longer .
The US $ is stronger in the O/N trading session .
Currently it is higher against 13 of the 16 most actively traded currencies , in another Ã¢â‚ ¬ËœwhippyÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢ trading range .
US regulators seem to be making progress in dealing with the financial sector .
Financial stocks are currently keeping their head above water and received further support yesterday from the Obama administration .
They will introduce a slew of innovative plans that will tackle a particular problem from two sides ( of course they seem to be rather sketchy on details at the moment ) .
They intend to use capital injections as an incentive to get US banks to sell distressed securities to investors .
Apparently at the same time the private investor will also get federal loans to buy the assets , this two - pronged approach is intended to revive trading in MBSÃ ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s .
Geithner believes it will be cheaper to provide taxpayer financing than have the government buy the assets .
But , are they not increasing risk again for the tax payer again ?
No one has been capable of valuing toxic assets to date , but the government is happy to bankroll this gamble !
ItÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s still rather confusing .
The US$ currently is higher against the EUR - 0.74 % , GBP - 0.27 % , CHF - 0.51 % and lower against JPY +0.88 % .
The commodity currencies are weaker this morning , CAD - 0.48 % and AUD - 1.04 % .
Yesterday , the loonie was little changed against its southern rival as a 2nd straight day of weaker crude prices cooled the benefit of higher global equities .
Already this week the currency has strengthened from a 5 - year low ( 1.3064 ) after advances in global equities signaled investors were stepping up their purchases of riskier assets .
Is this rally sustainable ?
The Canadian Finance Minister is already prepping the public for weak employment numbers this Friday .
Traders are hesitant to drag the currency to lofty heights ahead of a potential shocking report ( expected - 50 k losses , but - 80 k is looking like the new consensus ) .
Year - to - date the loonie has declined - 5.5 % , after a record - 18 % loss last year vs. its southern partner .
It is the 2nd worst performer just ahead of the USD in a pool of the 16 most traded currencies .
This global recession has depleted demand for commodities .
Nearly 50 % of all of CanadaÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s export revenue is commodity based .
Traders continue to look for better levels to sell the CAD $ in the short term .
No surprise last night when the AUD $ pared recent gains on the back of weaker data out of Australasia .
The Aussi jobless rate rose last month ( + 5.2 % vs. +4.8 % ) , touching a 4 - year high as companies fired the largest number of full - time workers in almost 2 - decades .
This is further proof that this higher yielding country is in recession .
This recession is eroding demand for resources from Australia ( coal and iron ore ) , traders continue to look to sell on rallies ( 0.6464 ) .
Crude is little changed in the O/N session ( $ 42.74 up +46 c ) .
The crude market is caught between concerns over the decline in demand , and the prospect of another reduction in OPEC production levels this weekend .
Some investors continue to speculate that they will announce another production cut .
This is expected to shore up the price of crude and lower global stocks .
This commodity has only one supporter and that Ã¢â‚¬â „ ¢s OPEC .
They pump about 40 % of the worldÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s oil and have cut production 3 - times since Sept. to slow the slump in prices and prevent a glut on world markets .
The weekly EIA report was a surprise , crude stocks increased +0.7 m w/w vs. a market expectation of +0.1 m .
That is the 20th increase in the last 24 - weeks .
Global economic data does not lend support to crude prices .
China yesterday said that their oil purchases have dropped to + 11.73 m metric tons .
Year - to - date their imports have fallen - 13 % to +24.55 m tons , or +3.12 m barrels a day .
Combine this with a horrid German manufacturing order number collapsing - 38 % in Jan .
y/y , clearly a stronger indication that demand destruction is alive and kicking .
OPECÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s Secretary General said that they must remove another +800 k barrels a day to reduce output by - 4.2 m since their objectives were established last Sept .
If they do decide to reduce production targets this month , the technical charts indicate that prices may rise to $ 55 a barrel .
However , the world is awash with the black - stuff , itÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s the storage problems that are causing concerns .
This will lead to prices remaining under pressure in the longer term .
With gold eroding close to 5 % over the last 2 - trading sessions and equities finding it difficult to remain in positive territory , investors are drawn to the Ã¢â‚ ¬ Ëœyellow metalÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢ as a safer heaven asset class ( $ 913 ) .
The Nikkei closed 7,198 down - 177 .
The DAX index in Europe was at 3,836 down - 77 ; the FTSE ( UK ) currently is 3,650 down - 43 .
The early call for the open of key US indices is lower .
The 10 - year Treasury yields eased 8 bp yesterday ( 2.92 % ) and another 5 bp in the O/N session ( 2.87 % ) .
As anticipated , Treasury prices fell going into yesterdayÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s 10 - year auction , but quickly rallied as Ã¢â‚ ¬ ËœhotÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢ money was attracted to yields been north of 3.00 % .
The Treasury will auction $ 11b in 30 - year bonds today finishing this weekÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s quota of $ 63 b .
With global equities finding it difficult to maintain the weekÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s earlier rally one should expect the market to absorb todayÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s issues handily .
This article is for general information purposes only .
It is not investment advice or a solution to buy or sell securities .
Opinions are the authors ; not necessarily that of OANDA Corporation or any of its affiliates , subsidiaries , officers or directors .
Leveraged trading is high risk and not suitable for all .
You could lose all of your deposited funds .
Hugo Chavez , the populist President of Venezuela , supports the Khamenei - Ahmadinejad dictatorship in Iran .
This is what he said in his weekly program :
We send our support and respect for President Mahmud Ahmadinejad , the great leader of Iran , and to Ayatollah Ali Khamenei and the Iranian people .
We call on the world to respect Iran because protests are trying to undermine the strength of the Iranian revolution .
We ask for respect from the world .
The victory of Ahmadinejad has been an ample victory in all corners .
They are trying to tarnish Ahmadinejad ’s victory and with it the Islamic government and revolution .
But I know they will not be able to bend them .
Chavez has also blamed imperial powers for the unrest .
Unrest !
This is a revolt against the dictatorship , a genuine uprising looking for a political outlet for its expression and leadership .
It is not about supporting this or that faction of the ruling class but rejecting both of them and siding with the protestors and waiting and praying for the day the working class as working class enters into the battle against the dictatorship .
To quote from Socialist Alternative ’s magazine insert on Iran :
Back the mass protests not the leaders
Such mass struggles are the lifeblood of socialist politics .
We have nothing in common with the hypocritical advocates of Western imperialism who say they back the movement .
They have no interest in the rights of Iranians .
While Socialist Alternative has defended Ahmadinejad against the lies and slander hurled at him by imperialism and Zionism , he is not an anti-imperialist fighter , or a hero of the poor .
He runs a right - wing , authoritarian regime that is an implacable enemy of Iranian workers , and of democracy .
Nor can we offer any support to Mousavi , the main opposition leader .
He is not a “ liberal ” , even in the narrow sense of being a genuine advocate of basic democracy , let alone a friend of the working class and the poor .
He is firmly a part of the authoritarian establishment of the Islamic state .
He was prime minister from 1981 to 1989 , presiding over mass killings of some 60 - 80,000 , and the introduction of draconian laws curtailing the rights of women .
Now he attacks Ahmadinejad from the right economically – championing the discredited policies of neo-liberalism .
But the fact that Mousavi is a reactionary , and is backed by reactionary elements in the West , is not the key issue – the unleashing of mass struggle is .
What is happening in Iran now shows the potential of struggles to go far beyond the divisions at the top of society .
As British Marxist Chris Harman put it ,
a popular movement fomented by one set of ruling class or imperialist interests to damage their rivals can take on a life of its own and damage them both .
As rulers pour abuse on each other , exposing each other ’s crimes , there can , on occasions , be an opening for independent forces to emerge to challenge both .
That is why you cannot simply write off every movement against a regime the US dislikes as operating at the behest of the CIA .
There is considerable potential for this movement to have such a dynamic .
In the first place , this conflict is not being driven by the US .
It is not a repeat of the CIA - backed coup against Mossadeq in the 1950s that installed the Shah .
The movement is , in the first instance , being driven by a conflict within the Iranian ruling class , not a conflict between Iran and US imperialism .
In fact , the US has been reserved in its support for the opposition .
What the US is most concerned about is not which faction of the Iranian ruling elite holds power , but that stability is maintained .
What they most fear is a movement that gets out of hand and starts to turn into a genuine popular revolution .
Mousavi wants an orderly transfer of power – not a revolution , not an end to the Islamic republic and the rule of capital and the clerics .
Mousavi has tried to emphasise the narrow demand for a new election , and has opposed any move to broaden out the movement to be a challenge to the Islamic state .
But this has not been wholly successful .
For example , there have been continued attacks on the basiji militia , which he has repeatedly and specifically opposed , and chants against Khamenei have spontaneously broken out .
Now the regime faces danger no matter what it does .
Attempts to repress the movement could lead to a full scale revolution .
But making concessions gives the movement confidence and legitimacy .
Occasional Taliban
The Institute for War & Peace Reporting has a trainee reporter in Farah , forced to publish pseudonymically , who recently wrote about the district ’s ‘ Occasional Taliban ’ .
His report supports the contention that most Taliban fighters participate in the conflict on an ad hoc basis , and many are largely motivated by the need for cash .
( See David Kilcullen ’s recent The Accidental Guerrilla for more on this subject . )
“ I am the only breadwinner in our family of eight , ” said Abdullah Jan , a 22 - year - old from a small village .
“ I went to Iran three times to try to find work , but I was expelled .
I was in debt , and my father told me to go to the city .
I looked for a job for three weeks , but then my brother got sick and needed medical treatment .
He later died .
Two of my friends then suggested that I go to the local Taleban … ”
“ My first assignment was to attack the police checkpoint in Guakhan district , ” recalled Abdullah Jan .
“ We killed four policemen , and we lost two of our own .
Another one was injured .
The fight lasted for two hours , with the real Taleban encouraging us from behind the lines , saying ‘ go on , further , move , move , move . ’
“ When it ended , I was paid 400 afghani by the local commander .
He said that if I performed better in the future , I would get more money .
Since then , I have participated in five more attacks , and I make about 1,000 afghani per week . ”
Under this ad hoc arrangement , Abdullah Jan is a Taleban for only a few hours per week .
Other than that , he goes about his business like any other citizen .
He has no gun or any other equipment that marks him as an insurgent , and he does not consider himself to be one .
“ I am just fighting for the money , ” he said .
“ If I find another job , I ’ll leave this one as soon as possible . ”
From a Taliban perspective , this may be a pretty wise approach to manpower .
Fighters cannot be identified when ‘ off - duty ’ and easily disappear within the civilian population .
Paying them on an ad hoc basis is not that expensive given Taliban resources ( 1000 afghani is about $ 20 ) and it provides a level of stability and predictability in payouts ; it is somewhat reminiscent of US companies discerning the advantages of hiring workers on an hourly wage with no benefits .
Given economic deprivation in the region , paying fighters in this way probably ensures a steady stream of recruits , who then bear the brunt of military action while the ‘ real Taliban ’ remain behind in relative safety .
The potential disadvantage is that cash - motivated fighters will melt away if economic conditions improve — as Abdullah says , he will no longer fight for the Taliban if he can find a proper job .
However , there is a self - reinforcing aspect to this state of affairs that makes improvements less likely :
By some estimates , up to 70 per cent of the Taleban are unemployed young men just looking for a way to make a living .
In Farah , Helmand , Uruzgan , Zabul , and other southern provinces , the majority of insurgents are fighting for money , not ideology .
But they are caught in a vicious circle : as long as their provinces are unstable , there is little investment that could generate employment opportunities .
However , in the absence of jobs , they join the insurgents , prolonging the violence and guaranteeing that security and development , remain but a distant dream .
The article also highlights how local men weigh the pros and cons of different kinds of illicit paid work .
The main disadvantage of being a hired fighter seems to be the possibility of death .
Abdullah , however , plays down this risk .
“ I have to work with the Taleban , ” he insisted .
“ There is no other job except stealing or kidnapping .
I think this is better than stealing .
If we are killed , we are martyrs .
This is what the mullahs say .
They tell us we are doing jihad . ”
This line of thinking — fighting is better than stealing — suggests that even fighters who are economically motivated are also swayed by normative concepts associated with both crime and militancy .
Of course , understanding why individuals engage in different ( or multiple ) types of illicit work is necessary if effective counterstrategies are to be developed .
Vermont ’s feed - in tariff legislation became law at the end of business on May 27 , 2009 .
H. 446 is the first legislation calling for a full system of advanced renewable tariffs in the US to pass the legislature and become law .
The bill includes changes to Vermont ’s Sustainably Priced Energy Enterprise Development Program ( SPEED ) that would implement a pilot feed - in tariff policy .
Vermont ’s action follows closely on that of the Ontario provincial legislature ’s groundbreaking Green Energy Act and with several states considering similar legislation , the Green Mountain state could be the tipping point for a rapid succession of feed - in tariff policies across the continent .
It may be small states , such as Vermont , and municipalities , such as Gainesville , Florida , that could drive new renewable energy policy in the US and not the big states of California or Florida that are hopelessly embroiled in partisan stalemates .
Unlike the policy in Washington State and in the crude feed - in tariff in California , Vermont ’s legislation bases the tariffs on the cost of generation plus a reasonable profit .
Costs of the program in Vermont are borne by ratepayers , not taxpayers as in the Washington State system .
One unique feature in the Vermont program not found in Ontario is a specific tariff for small wind turbines , those less than 15 kW .
Though several bills have contained proposed tariffs for small wind turbines , Vermont ’s legislation is the first to become law with long term contracts .
The tariff of $ 0.20 / kWh is the highest in North America .
Though it has a low program cap of only 50 MW , Vermont ’s feed - in tariff policy is a serious commitment by a state of its size .
Vermont has a population of little more than 600,000 .
Vermont ’s feed - in tariff program contains the key elements of the successful policies found in Europe .
* Tariffs are differentiated by technology
* Tariffs are differentiated by size .
* Tariffs set on the cost of generation plus profit
* Profit set by a reasonable rate of return
* Long contracts terms
* Regular program review
As the technology progresses , Vermont renewable energy advocates expect the tariffs will decrease .
The bill directs the Vermont Public Service Board to review and reset the tariffs every two years .
The first review begins September 15 , 2009 when the PSC will open a case on the tariffs contained in the legislation .
Renewable Energy Vermont ( REV ) led the successful grassroots ’ campaign , the first of its kind in New England to focus on feed - in tariffs .
REVs Executive Director , Andrew Perchlik , notes that “ This law puts Vermont in a leadership role on renewable energy policy and will help to bring vibrant growth and development to our local renewable energy industry . ”
Here are several key elements of H. 446 .
* Program cap of 50 MW
* Project size cap of 2.2 MW
* Contract term : 20 years
* Wind energy tariffs
o < 15 kW : $ 0.20 / kWh
o >15 kW : $ 0.14 / kWh
* Landfill and biogas tariff of $ 0.12 / kWh
* Solar tariff of $ 0.30 / kWh
* Future tariffs based on cost of generation plus profit less applicable tax credits and other incentives
* Profit set at rate of return of Vermont electric utilities
* Open a regulatory examination of the tariffs by September 15 , 2009 and new rates set in January , 2010
Under Vermont law the governor had the choice to sign the legislation into law , veto the bill , or to let it become law without his signature .
He chose the latter course to the joy of long - suffering renewable energy advocates in Vermont .
In a statement , republican Governor James Douglas said , “ Even though this bill does set statutory standard offer rates , which I believe is inappropriate , because the Public Service Board must revisit those rates within the next four months and periodically thereafter , I will allow this bill to become law without my signature . ”
The effort now shifts to the Public Service Board to ensure that the hard won progress on tariff setting is not lost in the regulatory fog .
( Left to right : Scott Olson / Getty Images , Mario Tama / Getty Images , Justin Sullivan / Getty Images )
Updated , May 7 , 6:40 p.m. | Federal regulators said on Thursday afternoon that the nation ’s 19 largest banks must raise $ 75 billion in extra capital by November , a verdict more upbeat than the industry had expected .
On Thursday , the government is set to announce the results of the financial stress tests for 19 large banks .
Sources have already disclosed what most experts already knew : some of the biggest banks are still short of of money , though they may not be receiving more federal funds .
The stress test was put in place to determine whether the banks can get through the recession and shore up confidence in the federal oversight of the nation ’s banks .
Has this process achieved these goals ?
Or , as critics claim , has the process failed to measure the depth of the banks ’ problems ?
An Insufficient Effort
Yves Smith has written the blog Naked Capitalism since 2006 .
She has spent more than 25 years in the financial services industry and currently head of Aurora Advisors , a management consulting firm .
In the Opinion section Timothy Geithner : How We Tested the Big Banks
The fact that the stress tests took place at all was an admission of regulatory failure .
Financial firms are subject to oversight , most important , of safety and soundness , on an ongoing basis .
The notion that a one - shot effort is a substitute for insufficient supervision is spurious .
Given that the minders were badly behind the curve thanks to years of believing that the industry could manage itself prudently , a crash effort to catch up was not a bad idea .
But this should have taken place a year ago , when Bear Stearns exposed that no one really knew what was up at these firms .
The fact that a bailout package was crafted based on a cursory emergency weekend review of complex trading exposures clearly demonstrated the dangers of ignorance .
These stress tests fell far short of the needed level of review .
But the stress tests fell far short of the needed level of review .
First , they were administered by the industry based on scenarios provided by the industry .
Most observers found the “ adverse ” case to be too optimistic .
Even worse , banks got to use their own risk models , the same ones that got them into trouble .
And there was no independent verification of the quality of the accounting .
The number of examiners per bank was well short of what you ’d need to probe a single business , much less an entire firm .
Second , the industry got to negotiate the results .
This is simply unheard of .
That suggests both a lack of confidence in the process and a lack of belief on the part of the key actors ( Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner , in particular ) that the government needs to set the parameters and demand compliance .
Not a Real Test at All
William K. Black , an associate professor of economics and law at the University of Missouri - Kansas City , is author of “ The Best Way to Rob a Bank Is to Own One . ”
He served as a senior official for , among other government agencies , the Federal Home Loan Bank Board and the Office of Thrift Supervision .
Leaks claim that the test found that Bank of America needs $ 33.9 billion in additional capital .
The bank reportedly has the highest requirement of any of the banks that were tested .
Treasury officials are leaking furiously that the results of the stress tests prove that no large bank is insolvent or even seriously undercapitalized .
The stress tests , as predicted ( and designed ) have found that there is no banking crisis — all is well .
Even Bank of America can “ raise ” the “ additional ” capital with the stroke of a pen by designating prior aid from the Treasury as “ capital . ”
Treasury used a ‘ one size fits all ’ stress test that grossly understated derivatives risk — the primary risk that the largest banks face .
The case of Bank of America illustrates the mysterious nature of the stress tests .
Here ’s what we ’ve been told : the Federal Reserve sent roughly 180 examiners for about eight weeks into the 19 biggest banks .
In that time period a team of that size would be able to examine the asset quality of two or three massive banks with plain vanilla assets .
You cannot do a meaningful stress test without examining thoroughly each bank ’s asset quality .
Doing a meaningful stress test takes weeks after completing the asset examination .
It is a particularly complex , individualized process when the assets are financial derivatives because evaluating counter - party risk is exceptionally difficult .
We know that Treasury used a “ one size fits all ” stress test that grossly understated derivatives risk — the primary risk that the largest banks face .
Bottom line : there were no real examinations .
Banks continue to overstate asset quality .
The bankers pressured Congress , which extorted the Financial Accounting Standards Board , which gutted the accounting rules on loss recognition .
Because there were no real examinations , there were no real stress tests .
So only one question is key : why does Treasury believe that anyone will believe its compound fiction ?
How to Read the Results
Douglas Elliott , a former investment banker , is a fellow in the Initiative on Business and Public Policy at the Brookings Institution .
Regulators have just put the country ’s 19 largest banks through a comprehensive “ stress test ” to estimate their ability to withstand an economy worse than what has been predicted .
We will learn two key things when the results are released on Thursday afternoon .
First , how much more capital will the regulators require the banks to raise ?
Second , what does this tell us about how deep the banking crisis will be ?
If the need for capital exceeds $ 200 billion , the system is in trouble .
There have been a number of leaks confirming my previous estimate that the total capital raised will be between $ 100 and $ 200 billion ( see “ Interpreting the Bank Stress Tests ” ) .
The banks are being given two numbers , the total capital they need and how much has to be in the form of common stock , the strongest form of capital .
The big need will be coming up with more common stock –- most of this can be achieved by converting the government ’s preferred shares into common shares .
Taxpayers will effectively be going from lenders to partners .
We ’ll have more risk , but more potential return as well .
A capital need in this expected range will not tell us much about how the regulators really feel .
A larger number would require the government to commit taxpayers ’ funds that might force an early return to Congress for more money , which both the administration and Congress desperately want to avoid .
So if the number exceeds $ 200 billion , it will mean the regulators truly are worried about the system .
If we get a number smaller than $ 100 billion , it will be a positive sign that things are better than they have looked , since there is political room to go above $ 100 billion .
Lessons Learned
Simon Johnson is a professor at the M.I.T. Sloan School of Management and co-founder of the global crisis Web site BaselineScenario .
He is a senior fellow the Peterson Institute for International Economics and a regular contributor to the Times ’s Economix blog .
We ’ve learned a great deal from the stress tests , but not perhaps what we hoped to learn .
The tests , of course , were billed as assessing the capital adequacy of major banks , i.e. , would banks have enough capital if the recession proves deeper and loan losses larger than the current consensus expectation ?
But the “ stress ” scenario used by the government turns out to be a mild and short - lived downturn , so the tests were effectively designed to allow everyone to pass .
Actual official outcomes for each bank are the result of complicated closed door negotiations , and at the bank level all we have learned is who has more or less political power .
The handling of the stress tests shows the administration prefers to adopt a “ wait and see ” policy toward banks .
The big lesson is how the government will treat the financial system .
Larry Summers has made it plain that the Obama administration will do what it takes to “ support financial intermediation , ” and sees this as a “ critical node ” to ensure an economic recovery .
A Goldman Sachs report out this week ( and the documents of this firm read increasingly like official policy statements ) makes the point clearly — big banks will earn their way back to solvency through exercising their greater market power ( Lehman and Bear Stearns are gone ) , government - subsidized debt ( courtesy of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ) , and various forms of implicit subsidy ( through “ legacy ” loan removal programs ) .
The handling of the stress tests shows the administration prefers to adopt a “ wait and see ” policy toward banks .
If the economy recovers , this will help the banks get back on their feet .
If the economy does n’t recover , more subsidies for banks will soon be in the mail .
A Far -Too - Public Test
Bert Ely is a banking consultant .
The bank stress tests should never have been launched in such a public manner — they represent a serious public - policy blunder that hopefully will not be repeated .
Government banking supervision has always had , or is supposed to have , a forward - looking element to it .
Accordingly , banking supervisors are supposed to communicate to a bank the actions it must take to remain well capitalized in the face of current and anticipated economic conditions .
Banks are then supposed to take those actions .
All of this is done quietly so that market and public confidence in a bank is not rattled as a bank and its government overseers debate what actions a bank must take to remain in good financial condition .
Within a month or two , we may hear cries for another stress test , which will continue to muddy the waters about the banks ’ conditions .
The stress tests have been harmful in two regards .
First , the Treasury white paper describing the tests was so vague as to undermine the credibility of the tests .
Consequently , the stress test results may lack credibility , too , especially if enough investors believe that they paint too rosy a picture of the financial condition of those banks seen as the most troubled .
Second , many view the stress tests as a one - off review of the banks where as banking supervision , of necessity , is a continuous process for the simple reason that conditions within a bank and within the economy are constantly changing .
Within a month or two , we may hear fresh cries for another stress test , which will continue to muddy the waters about the conditions of the nation ’s largest banks .
Investors and regulators instead should view bank stock prices — specifically the ratio of the market value of a bank ’s common equity to the book value of that equity — as a far better and more timely measure of a bank ’s financial condition and prospects .
A Nice Melodrama
Alex J. Pollock , a fellow at the American Enterprise Institute , spent 35 years in banking , including 12 years as chief executive of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Chicago .
The stress tests have definitely achieved their principal purpose , which was , as I see it , to show that the Administration had a plan and was doing something : “ Our plan is to have stress tests , and we are carrying them out . ”
A nice drama , or melodrama , ensued , with a problem , the build up of suspense , and a happy ending , as shown by the big rally in relevant bank stock prices as the results were leaked .
Stress tests in general are a perfectly sensible , traditional financial idea : see how some entity fares in a given set of scenarios .
Of course , much depends on all the estimates that go into such a test .
It is ironic that the tranched subprime mortgage - backed securities that have caused so much trouble for everybody were all given credit ratings by stress tests .
Booms are full of overoptimism , busts of overpessimism .
It may be that the stress tests are part of a transition to a helpful , less pessimistic stage .
Advertisements
Michele Bachmann was on Glenn Beck ’s Fox News show today , and the result was an absolute panic over the 2010 Census .
Beck worried that by not filling out the Census the government could take away his gun .
Bachmann also continued to claim that the Census information could used to put Americans into internment camps .
Here is the video from Media Matters :
Beck tried to worry people with the threat of a fine for not filling out the Census .
Beck asked if there are any other ramifications for not filling out the Census .
Bachmann answered , “ Let me give you two ramifications Glenn , the US Census Department told my office that if you fail to fill out this form , you will receive approximately six contacts from them either through phone calls or they will knock on your door .
If you still do not give them the information they said they will contact your neighbor to the left of you , to the right of you to get information . ”
Advertisements
She continued , “ Here is the other thing that will happen .
From history the United States government between 1942 and 1947 passed the second War Powers Act .
They used the US Census information to round up the Japanese and put them in the internment camps .
Americans were told that they would have their information used against them .
They did . ”
Beck and Bachmann conceded that no one has ever been fined for not filling out the Census , so the worst punishment one can face is that the Census people will annoy you .
Oh God no , not six calls or visits from Census takers .
Does n’t it undercut Bachmann ’s entire privacy argument , if the government is able to get the information they need by asking your neighbors ?
How much confidential information can your neighbors know about you ?
I hate to tell Michele Bachmann this , but if she has filled out an income tax form , Uncle Sam has her phone number .
Heck , if the government wants to , they can listen to her phone calls .
Beck and Bachmann are the Ken and Barbie of conspiracy theorists .
Bachmann continues to confuse the Census with the American Community Survey , which is not sent to every American .
Bachmann and Beck do n’t care about facts .
They are out weave a giant Obama , ACORN , Census , concentration camps conspiracy theory that is as silly as it is crazy .
YELLING , scheming and sabotaging : all are tell - tale signs that a bully is at work , laying traps for employees at every pass .
During this downturn , as stress levels rise , workplace researchers say , bullies are likely to sharpen their elbows and ratchet up their attacks .
It ’s probably no surprise that most of these bullies are men , as a survey by the Workplace Bullying Institute , an advocacy group , makes clear .
But a good 40 percent of bullies are women .
And at least the male bullies take an egalitarian approach , mowing down men and women pretty much in equal measure .
The women appear to prefer their own kind , choosing other women as targets more than 70 percent of the time .
In the name of Betty Friedan and Gloria Steinem , what is going on here ?
Just the mention of women treating other women badly on the job seemingly shakes the women ’s movement to its core .
It is what Peggy Klaus , an executive coach in Berkeley , Calif. , has called “ the pink elephant ” in the room .
How can women break through the glass ceiling if they are ducking verbal blows from other women in cubicles , hallways and conference rooms ?
Snoop
Dogg is the boss you dream of -- if you 're a pot smoking employee who is looking for someone to take the rap .
A few hours ago , cops in Norfolk , Virginia got a tip that a suspicious package had just arrived in the mail from Canada to the Norfolk Plaza Hotel , where Snoop and crew were staying .
Our Norfolk law enforcement sources tell us cops monitored the package that was addressed to a member of Snoop 's entourage ... then swooped in and arrested the dude for misdemeanor marijuana possession .
That 's when Mr. Dogg showed up in the lobby and told cops the weed was for him , and then flashed his medical marijuana card .
So here 's where it stands .
The dude whose name was on the package was arrested .
Cops are still investigating .
Will Snoop 's marijuana card become a get - out - of - jail free card ?
|| SportsShooter.com : News Item : Posted 2009 -04 - 23
Photographer 's Toy Box : Wiring Up The Final Four
USA TODAY used Live Ingest to make their tethered transmissions at the Final Four faster and easier .
By Robert Deutsch , USA TODAY
Photo by Sean Dougherty / USA TODAY
Bob Deutsch testing the system courtside in Detroit .
While 30 of the top college basketball players were shooting jump shots , throwing down slam dunks and running up and down a temporary basketball court in the middle of the home of the Detroit Lions football team , little did they know that beneath and around them were thousands and thousands of feet of wiring carrying image files of every little thing they did .
During the 2009 Men's Final Four at Detroit 's Ford Field , USA TODAY used cameras tethered to the digital editing workroom , as did several other organizations .
The reason is speed !
Photos are delivered back to the editor on site in a couple of seconds , rather than having to wait on time outs and shipping cards with messengers , then ingesting manually via card readers into the laptops .
Eight cameras were connected using Nikon 's WT - 4a wireless transmitters , via Ethernet cable , to network switches at courtside , one on each end , which were then connected to a 1,400 - foot fiber optic line .
The fiber was necessary because of the long run back to the edit room , too far for just Ethernet .
My colleague Bert Hanashiro and I each had two handheld cameras , and one floor remote , all connected .
We also had two remotes set on the side of the court , also connected to the system .
We brought 1,000 feet of Ethernet cable , and needed 1,004 feet ... but some fudging made it work .
Bob Covington of Getty Images supplied the fiber cable , with use and costs shared by Getty , McClatchy and us .
We started the installation Wednesday morning at 8 am , running all the court wiring , attaching dozens of 8 - wire RJ - 45 plugs , several hundred feet of zip wire to trigger remotes , and finished the network , the edit room connections , and remote cameras late Thursday , with some guidance from MCT 's George Bridges and Getty 's Anthony Jacobs .
Friday is a practice day for the teams and we used that time to test the system and also produce stills and a video for daily online use .
Saturday was the semi-finals , Sunday more video features and then the Championship game on Monday .
One difference from other coverage was that we used a new feature in Photo Mechanic ( 4.6.1 ) that eased the workflow significantly : " Live Ingest " .
The photos are sent as they are shot , full - res , via FTP over the hard wire network to an incoming folder on a MacBook Pro laptop and we set up Photo Mechanic to " watch " that folder for incoming files .
When a photo moved into the folder , PM copies the file to an edit folder on the desktop , and puts a full caption on the photo , even picking up the photographer 's name from the camera info .
Our picture editor on - site in Detroit , Sean Dougherty , was then able to see all incoming images in one folder , with a boilerplate caption ( except for the actual players name ) , with the correct photographers info already applied .
All he had to do is crop , add the player ID's , and send via FTP back to our office .
Everything we did was with speed and eliminating as much unnecessary time as we could
PM 's preferences can be set to show extra info in the browser under the thumbnail , and we used that ability to display at a quick glance which camera any photo came from , the photographer 's ID , as well as the exact time it was shot .
Sean said : " We programmed our eight cameras ( four remotes and four hand held ) to the correct local time , and set the PM browser to sync by " Capture Time " , so each play came in as a group , giving us several looks at the same play from several different angles .
This also saved time editing since there was no back and forth reviewing of photos .
I basically updated the live ingest and scrolled through the incoming photos , added a quick caption and sent without toning , and repeated .
" Our sports front main photo was shot , edited , captioned and in our photo server in less than five minutes .
Our ability to get the photos back to the paper quickly , gives us a better chance of getting the latest photos in the paper , especially when one edition 's deadline is five minutes after the end of the game . "
Another feature we figured out and utilized was Bert being able to shoot the jubo and trophy ceremony and instead of searching the floor for a messenger or racing back to the digital workroom to ingest cards , he just plugged his cameras back into the system after the trophy and all the photos started moving back to Sean in seconds automatically .
While they were moving , he also shot the net cutting from that same spot and those files also moved at the same time .
We were able to have one editor send 115 cropped and captioned photos during the game .
Tethering is n't new , but Live Ingest makes the process even faster and easier so we could make tight deadlines and beat the competition .
Equipment needed for this setup :
• 1400 feet fiber cable
• 2 fiber transceivers , to connect fiber to Ethernet
• 2 fiber patch cables and 4 ST to ST barrel connectors ( for fiber )
• 3 8 - port Network switches
• 1 router
• Several Ethernet patch cords
• 1,004 feet Ethernet cable
• RJ - 45 ez plugs
• Cable stripping tools , for making the Ethernet connections
• Ethernet network tester ( so easy to mess up the 8 wire plug installs )
• 4 or 5 power strips
• 2 25 - foot AC extension cords
• 8 Nikon WT - 4 wi-fi transmitters with either AC adapters or several extra batteries
• 500 - feet zip cord for remotes
• 6 Nikon motor drive remote cords
• 4 floor plates and low , small ball heads
( Robert Deutsch is a staff photographer with USA TODAY based on the East Coast .
He shares the same birthday with other luminaries like Jack Nicholson , Queen Elizabeth II , Andie MacDowell , Tony Danza , Tony Romo and Iggy Pop . )
Related Links :
Bob 's member page
While 30 of the top college basketball players were shooting jump shots , throwing down slam dunks and running up and down a temporary basketball court in the middle of the home of the Detroit Lions football team , little did they know that beneath and around them were thousands and thousands of feet of wiring carrying image files of every little thing they did .
During the 2009 Men's Final Four at Detroit 's Ford Field , used cameras tethered to the digital editing workroom , as did several other organizations .
The reason is speed !
Photos are delivered back to the editor on site in a couple of seconds , rather than having to wait on time outs and shipping cards with messengers , then ingesting manually via card readers into the laptops .
Eight cameras were connected using Nikon 's WT - 4a wireless transmitters , via Ethernet cable , to network switches at courtside , one on each end , which were then connected to a 1,400 - foot fiber optic line .
The fiber was necessary because of the long run back to the edit room , too far for just Ethernet .
My colleague Bert Hanashiro and I each had two handheld cameras , and one floor remote , all connected .
We also had two remotes set on the side of the court , also connected to the system .
We brought 1,000 feet of Ethernet cable , and needed 1,004 feet ... but some fudging made it work .
Bob Covington of Getty Images supplied the fiber cable , with use and costs shared by Getty , McClatchy and us .
We started the installation Wednesday morning at 8 am , running all the court wiring , attaching dozens of 8 - wire RJ - 45 plugs , several hundred feet of zip wire to trigger remotes , and finished the network , the edit room connections , and remote cameras late Thursday , with some guidance from MCT 's George Bridges and Getty 's Anthony Jacobs .
Friday is a practice day for the teams and we used that time to test the system and also produce stills and a video for daily online use .
Saturday was the semi-finals , Sunday more video features and then the Championship game on Monday .
One difference from other coverage was that we used a new feature in Photo Mechanic ( 4.6.1 ) that eased the workflow significantly : " Live Ingest " .
The photos are sent as they are shot , full - res , via FTP over the hard wire network to an incoming folder on a MacBook Pro laptop and we set up Photo Mechanic to " watch " that folder for incoming files .
When a photo moved into the folder , PM copies the file to an edit folder on the desktop , and puts a full caption on the photo , even picking up the photographer 's name from the camera info .
Our picture editor on - site in Detroit , Sean Dougherty , was then able to see all incoming images in one folder , with a boilerplate caption ( except for the actual players name ) , with the correct photographers info already applied .
All he had to do is crop , add the player ID's , and send via FTP back to our office .
Everything we did was with speed and eliminating as much unnecessary time as we could PM 's preferences can be set to show extra info in the browser under the thumbnail , and we used that ability to display at a quick glance which camera any photo came from , the photographer 's ID , as well as the exact time it was shot .
Sean said : " We programmed our eight cameras ( four remotes and four hand held ) to the correct local time , and set the PM browser to sync by " Capture Time " , so each play came in as a group , giving us several looks at the same play from several different angles .
This also saved time editing since there was no back and forth reviewing of photos .
I basically updated the live ingest and scrolled through the incoming photos , added a quick caption and sent without toning , and repeated .
" Our sports front main photo was shot , edited , captioned and in our photo server in less than five minutes .
Our ability to get the photos back to the paper quickly , gives us a better chance of getting the latest photos in the paper , especially when one edition 's deadline is five minutes after the end of the game .
" Another feature we figured out and utilized was Bert being able to shoot the jubo and trophy ceremony and instead of searching the floor for a messenger or racing back to the digital workroom to ingest cards , he just plugged his cameras back into the system after the trophy and all the photos started moving back to Sean in seconds automatically .
While they were moving , he also shot the net cutting from that same spot and those files also moved at the same time .
We were able to have one editor send 115 cropped and captioned photos during the game .
Tethering is n't new , but Live Ingest makes the process even faster and easier so we could make tight deadlines and beat the competition . •
1400 feet fiber cable• 2 fiber transceivers , to connect fiber to Ethernet• 2 fiber patch cables and 4 ST to ST barrel connectors ( for fiber ) • 3 8 - port Network switches• 1 router • Several Ethernet patch cords• 1,004 feet Ethernet cable• RJ - 45 ez plugs•
Cable stripping tools , for making the Ethernet connections •
Ethernet network tester ( so easy to mess up the 8 wire plug installs ) • 4 or 5 power strips• 2 25 - foot AC extension cords • 8 Nikon WT - 4 wi-fi transmitters with either AC adapters or several extra batteries • 500 - feet zip cord for remotes • 6 Nikon motor drive remote cords• 4 floor plates and low , small ball heads
Contents copyright 2020 , SportsShooter.com .
Do not republish without permission .
Contents copyright 2020 , SportsShooter.com .
Do not republish without permission .
With RealAge , he buys lists of women who have answered a test question by saying they have heavy menstrual bleeding , among other criteria .
He chooses the ones in the 37 - to 49 - year - old age range , then sends them a series of e-mail messages .
Several of the messages do not mention NovaSure , they just identify heavy bleeding as a problem  then , he said , the messages suggest NovaSure as a solution .
Image Dr. Mehmet
Oz , a regular on  The Oprah Winfrey Show ,  is a RealAge spokesman .
Credit ... Heidi Gutman / ABC
“ We ’re trying to get out to those customers right now and let them know that it is an option for them , ” said Mr. Williamson , the vice president for sales and marketing for the gynecologic surgical products division of Hologic .
“ A lot of women do n’t know it ’s a problem , and that ’s the thing .
It ’s not something they necessarily talk about . ”
RealAge acts as the middleman between the drug companies and its members : it sends the e-mail messages from its own address and does not release members ’ names or e-mail addresses to drug companies .
That is because pharmaceutical advertisers are among “ the most heavily regulated industries in the world , and they do n’t necessarily want those e-mail addresses  they like that we ’re a proxy for their messages , ” Mr. Mikulak said .
Its access to health information has made RealAge valuable .
Founded in 1999 , it was acquired by Hearst Magazines in 2007 for an estimated $ 60 million to $ 70 million .
Though its sales  and the fees it pays Dr. Oz  are not public , it is profitable , and had about $ 20 million in revenue when Hearst acquired it .
Annie Tomlin , a 30 - year - old Web site editor in San Francisco , is a vegetarian who walks everywhere , one of the healthy consumers that RealAge prides itself on .
She first took the test after her mother heard about it on Oprah  scoring seven years younger than her actual age  but did not realize the answers were being used by marketers .
“ It bothers me because I ’m not a fan of the drug companies , and I do n’t enjoy the idea of me giving them any help in marketing their medicine , ” she said .
“ While it ’s fantastic that we have certain medicines that help save people ’s lives , there are also a lot of medicines that are very , very profitable that are pushed on people who do n’t need them . ”
Mr. Mikulak said that RealAge protected privacy : it does not give personally identifiable information to the drug companies and the advertisements in e-mail messages are clearly labeled as such .
RealAge is “ providing value in return for the information , ” he said .
♣ Infantile Congressional Behavior !
I was utterly outraged today when Downsize DC brought this Washington Post article and CSPAN video clip to my attention :
[ Washington Post 's Capitol Briefing / CSPAN link ]
I immediately wrote the following letter to my own congressman and two senators , Hon. Barbara Boxer , Hon. Dianne Feinstein , and Hon. Brian Bilbray :
Congress needs to start reading the laws it passes .
Please introduce DownsizeDC.org 's “ Read the Bills Act . ” I know you have the power to introduce this legislation on your own , without waiting for anyone else .
I urge you to do so .
This is a much - needed , common sense reform .
I can see no justification for not introducing it .
I 'm telling my friends about it , and I look forward to hearing that you 've introduced it .
You can find the text of the legislation here : [ The “ Read The Bills Act ” ]
I AM ABSOLUTELY AND UTTERLY OUTRAGED by the deeply offensive and infantile display of disrespect last month when Members of Congress Henry Waxman of California and Joe Barton of Texas made a mockery of our nation 's representative government .
Not only did they abdicate their responsibility to actually REPRESENT their constituents by ensuring that legislation is comprehensively understood before a vote , they even flaunted the violation of their own rules requiring reading of a bill before a quorum of congress : [ Capitol Briefing / CSPAN link ]
These are two men who have presumptively sworn a sacred oath to support and defend the Constitution of the United States .
How can Congress POSSIBLY represent the people of our great nation unless every bill before them for judgment is read and comprehended in its entirety ?
The guilt is not theirs alone ; Reps.
Waxman and Barton subsequently called for “ unanimous consent ” of all present to waive the rest of the reading .
And so , every one in that room who did not immediately and vocally object to this nonsense in no uncertain terms shares the blame for the un-American charade that Congress has become .
I call on you today to TAKE IMMEDIATE ACTION to censure this utterly unconscionable behavior and to promote with every fiber of your being and all the remaining respect of your office the passage of the common - sense legislation known as “ The Read The Bills Act . ”
Signed , Mr. Dann McCreary
How fantastically disrespectful of Waxman and Barton !
Has Congress become nothing more than a circus in which the clowns “ rubber stamp ” huge compendiums they will not even bother to read ?
Remember , they are passing “ laws ” that purport to impose extremely costly and time - consuming obligations on the nation , and they do n't even have the decency to READ them ?
I do n't care if the bill is more than 900 pages long , Congress !
If you do n't want to READ that much , just write shorter bills !
I hope you will also take the time to hold your congressman and senators accountable for the legislation they allow to be passed .
One way you can do this very effectively is by joining with Downsize DC and using their marvelous “ Educate the Powerful ” electronic lobbying system to minimize your time spent while maximizing your impact on your own legislators !
© 2009 Dann McCreary ( aka creator )
– Copies must be attributed to creator and linked - back to this article .
ATLANTA / PHOENIX ( Reuters ) - When Paul Bowling suffered a stroke three years ago and lost his health insurance he turned not to an emergency hospital for long - term care but to a community health center .
A volunteer parish nurse arrives to care for an elderly patient at their home in Bethesda , Maryland , September 21 , 2007 .
REUTERS / Jim Bourg
Like many Americans he found his regular doctor was not an option .
Without insurance , even routine visits would have cost $ 125 a time and the Atlanta business owner needed weekly blood tests and rehabilitation .
“ They just brush you aside .
All they want is the money , ” he said of his previous doctor , while sitting in the spacious reception area of the West End Medical Centers community health care center in Atlanta .
Americans spend more per capita on healthcare than any other country .
But studies suggest they get poorer care than in industrialized countries with national healthcare plans .
President Barack Obama has promised reform of the U.S. healthcare system and on Thursday convenes a meeting of officials and experts to find a way forward .
Opponents of those reforms say individuals are responsible for their own healthcare and the country should avoid moving toward a more European - style system of “ socialized medicine . ”
Bowling is one of 16 million people who used the centers for primary health care including dental and mental health care in 2008 .
Nearly 40 percent of those have no health insurance and one - third are children , according to government figures .
The centers focus on preventive medicine and could play a big part in reforms for the health sector , which is groaning under the cost of federally funded health insurance programs and the weight of 37 million uninsured .
But the economic recession presents the 7,000 community health centers with a paradox : it increases demand for their services while reducing the funding available to them .
The West End center , which has 10 doctors , said it sees 65,000 patients a year who pay through government and private insurance as well as personal contributions determined on a sliding scale .
Before the recession about 30 percent of its patients were uninsured but that figure could rise by 10 percent this year , said Michael Brooks , the center ’s vice president .
“ Our biggest problem is seeing people who have chronic illnesses , ” said Brooks .
Many uninsured people avoid expensive doctor visits and contract more serious health problems .
SCARCE HEALTH RESOURCES
The centers play a big role in public health by taking stress off big state - funded hospitals seen as a last resort for the uninsured .
In doing so , they help save money and the quality of care they offer should make them a first choice for the insured as well as a good choice for the uninsured , Brooks said .
Doctors at St Joseph ’s Hospital and Medical Center , the largest hospital in Arizona , applauded the work of the centers , arguing that they could take the strain of emergency medicine .
The emergency department in central Phoenix treats up to 250 patients a day , around 70 percent of them people who could see a primary care doctor for conditions ranging from a sprained ankle to chronic diabetes .
“ Many of the patients who present to my emergency department have a physician , have health insurance , but are unable to get in to see them , ” said Michael Christopher , the emergency department medical director .
A more robust primary care network makes sense because it would free up scarce resources at hospitals like St. Joseph ’s and enable doctors there to devote more time to using their skills in emergency medicine , Christopher said .
“ My job is to snatch people from the jaws of death .
That ’s what I should be focusing on , ” he said .
LIFELINE
The community health network spans both rural and urban areas and there are centers that cater for specific ethnic groups .
Some 95 percent of patients at the West End center are African American , reflecting the ethnic makeup of the community that surrounds the center .
On the west coast , an association of community health centers serves the interests of Asian Americans who represent 3.5 percent of the population but have particular health needs .
“ Many people in this community do n’t have strong language skills , ” said Jeff Caballero , executive director of the Association of Asian Pacific Community Health Organizations .
They “ are often excluded from participating in the local and national dialogue , ” he said .
Many health workers in the sector said the fact that they are often not well known reduces their chances of attract more patients .
But for Bowling , the center served as a lifeline .
“ When you are used to paying your way not just medically but in life and raising a family and all of a sudden your funds have disappeared and your savings have gone it is devastating mentally and physically , ” he said .
Why on Earth ?!
For the view ?
really
main
For the vanity ?
was
is
This
For the company ?
are
For the lack of alternatives ?
For the enlightenment ?
Preparing
not
Equipment
Packing
Maps
Other tips
must
In Conclusion
Some famous , long walks , in alphabetical order :
Ok , ok , I confess that I spent most of my formative years sitting in front of a computer instead of exploring the outdoors .
For the last decade or so , though , I have tried to make up for that .
I have done several long hikes in Patagonia , Himalaya , Tasmania , back home in Norway and elsewhere .
By now I feel qualified to offer you some advice regarding surviving a long walk in the woods .
Sort of .
Oh , and before we continue :
When I say " a long walk " , I 'm talking about multi-day walks with few or none man-made facilities around to help you .
Well , apart from what you can carry on your own back and possibly a trail , that is .
Most people are happy to walk a bit to see a particular place or to enjoy a great view .
As long as the walk is n't too long , at least .
All the recent fuzz about climate change and the need to be eco-friendly has made people want to return to Nature .
They just do n't necessarily want to do it on foot .
In principle there 's no big difference between a short and a long walk in the wild .
You get on the trail , you do your best to stay on it until you reach the end of it , and then you 're done .
In people 's minds , however , there 's something intimidating about long walks .
They are perceived to carry a much larger risk than short walks , although you rarely get an explanation for why people feel that way .
Maybe the phenomenon can be explained like this :
Say you take a nice , wide board and lay it down on the floor so that anyone easily can move back and forth on it .
That 's a short walk .
Then you place the same board high up in the air between two towers .
Now most people I know will be reluctant to go out on it .
This is a long walk .
The board is the same in both cases , but as the consequences of falling off the board become more dire , people 's willingness to walk across the board decreases dramatically .
This mental mechanism kicks in no matter how unlikely it is that you actually will fall off the board .
It 's a bit like if you were invited to eat at a restaurant .
" Yay ! " , you think at first .
Then it turns out that the restaurant you 're invited to is an Helvanian one .
You 've never been subject to Helvanian cuisine before , and the menu is printed in letters and a language you just cant't read .
You know that you will be served food , but since you do n't know exactly what you will be eating or how it has been prepared , you end up feeling a bit wary and insecure .
Suddenly going for a Big Mac instead does n't sound so bad , even though deep inside you know that if you just dare to go ahead with the Helvanian place , you 'll probably end up with a nicer meal than at the American embassy beneath the golden arches .
Oh well .
Enough metaphors .
Let 's establish a few good reasons for taking long walks .
If you 're into great scenery , long walks tend to offer a lot of that .
In many cases you can enjoy splendid views from or very close to a parking lot , but toappreciate a place , you should see it from more angles than the one you get from next to the souvenir stalls .
On the other hand , the quality of a scenic view often depends heavily on the weather .
And what conditions you will experience when you arrive somewhere can rarely be guaranteed when you have to start walking days earlier .
I 'd say that the view you may or may not enjoy on your trip should probably not be yourreason for taking a long walk .
I once did an 11 day walk ( the Jotunheimen Trail of about 350 kilometres ) , and I made a photojournal from the trip that I uploaded to my Web site .
A few days later I logged a crazy number of Japanese visitors .
It turned out that a Japanese weightloss Web site used my before - and - after self - portraits from the trip as " proof " that going for a walk is a good thing to do if you 're a bit on the chubby side .
Now , I was n't particularly flattered by that , but Iamused .
# 8D ) Anyway , going for a long walk will make you a slimmer person .
When you walk all day , you can eat as much chocolate as you could possibly want without suffering from it weight - wise .
More importantly , walking in the wildwhat your genes want you to do .
Unless you overdo it , there 's a good chance that after a long walk you 'll end up looking a lot healthier .
( Never mind that when you return home you may prefer to carry a pillow with you to put between your boney ass and any hard seats . )
As long as you can avoid being eaten by animals and falling off cliffs , walking will benefit your health and your appearance .is a good reason for going on long walks .
On many long walks you will spend your evenings at designated camp sites , where you may or may not encounter other hikers .
On other walks days may pass between each time you actually see another human being .
If you 're on popular trails with designated camp sites , like the Overland Track in Tasmania , the Jotunheimen Trail in Norway and the Appalachian Trail in the USA , you 'll probably see the same people again and again , throughout the day and at the camp sites in the evenings .
I 'm not saying that these people are particularly interesting , but theylikely to have a lot in common with you .
This will at least make them interesting to you , and vice versa .
You 'll be amazed by how quickly strangers can turn into good friends when you share the challenge of a long walk with them .
They will help and motivate you , and you them .
True , some of them will annoy you , and they will all be smelly .
Still , all in all you 'll appreciate having other people around , and you will learn something from having met them .
On the other hand , there are many long walks where you must be prepared to spend day after day without anyone at all to talk to or be helped by .
This can be difficult to handle .
Make sure you 're prepared for the situation that your walk is likely to bring , whether this means sharing a dorm with the German national snoring team , or having to spend a week or more without a single intellectually stimulating conversation .
Life on the trail can be pretty hard either way .
Sometimes there 's just one way to get somewhere , and that 's by walking , possibly for days and days before it gets really interesting .
In particular this goes for mountain regions where roads just can't be built , and where sitting on a horse or a donkey would simply be too scary .
Clearly , unless you 're ready to walk a long way , you will deny yourself some of the greatest scenery on Earth .
I think you 're better off treating yourself to some of those places .
Few people know what they are capable of .
They just assume that any strenuous activity that they have never tried or wanted to do is something they simply cannot do .
Every now and then the news media bring reports of people who have to flee their homes .
In Palestine , Afghanistan , Sudan and elsewhere , thousands of often undernourished refugees walk through deserts , jungles and generally the most hostile surroundings you can imagine , to reach relative safety .
Let 's hope that you will never fully understand what these individuals experience .
But one of the things their suffering can teach us is that the human body is one impressive machine .
The same way you would take your imaginary sports car for a spin on a race course to see what it 's good for , you should consider exploring the abilities of your own body .
Chances are that you 'll be pleasantly impressed .
You 'll probably discover that you can participate in a much wider range of activities than you previously thought possible .
Oh , and there 's of course also some satisfaction to be had from having completed a walk that is so long that the route you followed can be pointed out from Outer Space . # 8D ) As you may gather , I consider this to be a major reason for pushing yourself to do a long walk or two .
Right , so you 've decided you 'll do a long walk .
Then there 's something you should know :
In Nature there are no punishments or rewards , only consequences .
So you have better prepare well for your walk , in order for you to harvest only desirable consequences .
I suggest that you seek inspiration in the first step that is taken by members of Alcoholics Anonymous when they try to resolve their situation :
Admit to yourself that you have a problem !
Dobelittle the challenge of getting through your walk alive .
You have to take it very , very seriously .
Read all you can find about your walk , on - line and in magazines and books .
Anything written by anyone who has done the walk is useful .
The more recently they did it , the more valuable their information is likely to be to you .
What will the weather be like and how does it affect walking the trail ?
Which parts of the walk are more difficult and for what reason ?
Is chocolate available somewhere along the way ?
The same way you must know how to interpret the behaviour of your own mind and your own body , you need to know your opponent ; the walk itself and the land it passes through .
I 'm not going to tell you what to bring .
All I can say is that you must bring whatever you need in order to feel comfortable and safe on your hike .
This clearly varies depending on where and when you 're hiking and for how long you 'll stay on the trail .
In my opinion , people tend to over - invest in new equipment when they 're about to embark on long walks .
Of course , if buying some new stuff is what it takes to make you feel safe enough to get going , then that 's probably what you should do .
But keep in mind that unless you 're doing a really extreme hike , people managed to do " your walk " even before the invention of things like Gore - Tex , GPS and the steam engine ... When you 've decided what you need to bring , put it all into your backpack .
If it fits , great !
If not , throw away stuff until it does .
Now take the backpack for a test walk in terrain similar to what you will encounter on your trip .
Do n't forget to also carry as much water as you will have to on your real hike .
Walk for two hours .
Remove your backpack .
If this results in the notion that you should hold on to something in order not to float up into the air and disappear , your backpack is too heavy !
( And it probably is . )
In that case you will have to get rid of some things .
Do not bring books ( you 'll be too tired to read them ) and do not bring more than two changes of clothes .
( It will all be filthy and smelly after a couple of days on the trail anyway . )
Do not begin your hike until you are confident that you will be able to carry your stuff all the way to your destination .
Just do n't .
It 's not like you have to remove your appendix or have your hair cut , but you have to make an effort to get rid of all weight that takes more than it gives .
Choose maps that cover your trip and not too much else .
Maps have size and weight , too .
Carry only exactly the maps you need , and make sure you know how to use them .
In many areas a map is no good unless you also bring a compass .
GPS devices are often useless on long walks , since there will be little or no electricity available along the way .
For most famous treks you can buy small booklets that contain just the maps and trail descriptions that you need .
If not , you can make one yourself by cutting and pasting map fragments from maps you scan / photograph or find on the Internet .
Print your new map with a high - resolution laser printer onto a semilarge ( A3 ) piece of paper .
Click on the image below to see an example of a 320 km trail map made this way .
A detailed map is probably not something you really need in order to complete your walk .
Long walks usually follow good , clearly visible paths .
But every time you take a break and sit down , it is a great inspiration to have a glance at a map and see that you 're actually getting closer to your destination .
Before you leave home , carefully study the maps you have , so that you understand the area you 're hiking through .
Look for sources of water and places to camp .
Maybe there are sidetrips you should look into .
It 's impossible to know beforehand exactly how far you can walk per day .
You should have several options for where to stop every day , with no more than 2 - 3 hours of walking between them .
This way you can be flexible and get the most out of every day on the trail .
There 's also a chance you will have to break off your journey , due to mishaps or simply because you 're worn out .
You should know where all the " emergency exits " are .
Find out where you can leave the trail to return home or to seek help , and make sure that you know where you can fill up on supplies of food and equipment .
If it 's an option at all , try to figure out where there may be cell phone coverage , in case of emergencies or to acquire the latest weather forecast .
I think we 've touched upon the most important issues already , but I 've suffered from a few things that I hope to help you avoid . # 8D ) -
Make sure you know how to use your equipment before you leave home , whether that be your tent , your stove or anything else .
The entertainment value of figuring out exactly which hole the tent poles should be inserted into is not so high when you 're simultaneously the target of an intense mosquito attack during the darker part of dusk .
-
When you finally have decided on some food you can carry in sufficient amounts in your backpack , you 'll probably discover that this trip will not be remembered for its many great meals .
You should try living on this diet for a few days at home , so that you can learn how it affects you , both mentally and physically .
Especially if you 're walking with someone else .
Some people turn incredibly grumpy when their daily rations of certain food ingredients disappear .
The foodbe your friend on your long walk .
You do n't have to be delighted by it , but it must not turn you into a walking wreck either . -
Cut your toenails !
If you do , you may have some of them left after your hike !
While your shoes may be friendly towards the other parts of your feet , having your toenails continuously bump into the front of your shoes for hundreds of kilometres will turn the toenails black and eventually they will fall off .
That 's not sexy at all .
You can do this .
A little bit of planning is all it takes .
I recommend that you start out with getting used to carrying a fairly heavy backpack and that you spend a few days camping out in the woods near where you live .
When you feel ready for something more , consider whether some of the trips listed below may be something for you .
Good luck !*
Abel Tasman Coast TrackLocation : South Island , New ZealandDistance : 52 km , 3 - 5 daysBooking : Required , * well * in advance !*
Via Alpina / Alpine Pass RouteLocation : SwitzerlandDistance : 350 km , 20 daysBooking : Not required * Annapurna CircuitLocation : Himalaya , Central / Eastern NepalDistance : 250 km + sidetrips , 15 - 25 daysBooking : No , but trekking permit is required *
Appalachian TrailLocation : Georgia to Maine , USADistance : Approximately 3500 kmBooking : Not required * Bibbulmun TrackLocation : Western Australia , AustraliaDistance : 961 km , 6 - 8 weeksBooking : Not required at all .*
Camino de Santiago / Way of Saint JamesLocation : France and SpainDistance : Many starting points , 100 - 900 km , Booking : Not required .*
Inca TrailLocation : Central PeruDistance : 45 km , 3 - 4 days ( high altitude , not strenuous ) Booking : Very much required .*
Jotunheimstien / RondanestienLocation : Southern Norway , beginning in OsloDistance : 320 km-420 km , 12-25 daysBooking : Not required .
More info ( and more * KungsledenLocation : Northern SwedenDistance : 440 km , 3 - 4 weeksBooking : Not required .* Land 's End to John o' GroatsLocation : The length of the United KingdomDistance : Approximately 1500 - 1900 kmBooking : Not required * Mount Everest Base Camp TrekLocation : Himalaya , Eastern NepalDistance : Depends on starting point , 15 days is normalBooking : No , but trekking permit is required . *
Overland TrackLocation : North - western Tasmania , AustraliaDistance : 65 -100 km , depending on sidetrips , 5 - 7 daysBooking : Required between November and March . * Torres del Paine CircuitLocation : Patagonia , Southern ChileDistance : 100 km + sidetrips , 8 - 10 daysBooking : Only for cabinsDo you need even more options ?
Look here Happy trails !
My fuzzy green toy wif teh ornge sparkly things iz missing .
Nobody leaves teh house till we findz it .
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
LOS ANGELES - A documentary that shows Farrah Fawcett 's battle against cancer in wrenching detail drew an estimated 8.9 million viewers , NBC said .
" Farrah 's Story " details the former " Charlie 's Angels " star 's treatment and hopes for recovery , following her through chemotherapy and other grueling treatment .
Fawcett , 62 , was diagnosed in 2006 with anal cancer that has spread to her liver .
The film was NBC 's most - watched program in its Friday night time slot in more than a year , excluding the Olympics , according to preliminary ratings released Saturday .
It was edged out by CBS ' airing of the season finale of the crime drama " Numb3rs , " which drew an estimated 9.6 million viewers .
Fawcett 's video diary was initially intended for private viewing by family and friends , but was shared with a wider audience after the actress realized her story could inspire others , said her close friend Alana Stewart , a producer on the film .
The actress maintains good humour during the film as she faces pain , setbacks and , as the treatments grow harsher , the loss of her trademark lush blond locks .
" I do not want to die of this disease .
So I say to God , ` It is seriously time for a miracle , ' " Fawcett says .
Her longtime companion , actor Ryan O'Neal , said in an interview last week that the actress is in a " very rocky place . "
O'Neal is shown in the documentary as a steady presence as the actress goes through highs and lows , although the two ended their long romantic relationship in the late 1990s .
When I opened my Email on last weekend , I accidentally received a forwarded email from a friend , with the topic of
, and asked me to anti-Japanese .
The pictures she attached in the Email immediately draw my attention .
I heard about this incident before since I was young , but I did not bother much about it as there is no Internet access for me to find out more about this incident .
Basically the pictures in the Email depiciting on how Nanking massacre victims being killed and raped by the Japanese during 1937 .
From my understanding , Japanese managed to conquer Republic of China 's capital , Nanking during Dec of 1937 , but I have totally no idea what is happening during that time .
Nanking Massacre bodies flooded Yang Tze river .
I studied the history of World War II during my secondary school time .
But it is just a brief one , where our education book only talks about how Adolf Hitler conquered and died , and how and how long Japanese dominated our country .
Our history book did not mention about this incident at all , so I wonder whether this incident exist or not .
Out of my curiosity , I dig further on documentary web site , watch the documentary movie ' Nanking ' and also the latest movie of ' Nanking !
Nanking !' to further understand the incident .
In the end of the day , I found out this can be highly true .
The pictures have proved the incident , but also the Chinese victims , Chinese soldiers and Japanese soldiers to describe what had happen during the incident , according to the ' Nanking ' documentary film .
Two idiot Japanese commanders competing on slaying number of Chinese heads .
Basically the Japanese army just spent 3 days to defeat the Chinese army and enter the city .
Initially the Nanking General announced the city would not surrender and would fight to the death , by gathered about 100,000 untrained and low motivation soldiers .
Low morale , troops in open flight , and an overwhelming enemy superiority in numbers caused the General to retreat across the Yangtze River after 3 days , without officially announcing any intention of surrendering the city to the Japanese military authorities .
Many orders given during the battle contradicted those of headquarters , and many more orders were simply ignored .
The resulting chaos , compounded by the inadequacy of pre-battle preparations , gave Chinese soldiers little chance to escape the oncoming onslaught of the Japanese army .
The defense plan fell apart from the very beginning because the defenders were overwhelmed by Chinese troops fleeing from previous defeats such as the Battle of Shanghai
, and these troops just wanted to escape to safer ground and refused to obey any orders .
Chinese prisoners being buried alive by Japanese army .
From the history , we can know the problems of the Chinese troop and the Japanese army is too strong to be defeated .
And unfortunately , the Japanese army had commited atrocities , such as killing , rapes , loot , arson and so on in Nanking city , with the unappropriate management from the commanders and poor discipline among the army .
And there was about 300,000 casualites in Nanking , either massive killed by machine guns from the back , raped and killed , abused to death , snap by long knife and the head being cut while alive , and whatever the Japanese army likes .
80,000 women were raped and gang - raped , including infants and elderly .
However , whatever they had done , they have their karma .
United States launched 2 nuclear bombs over Hiroshima and Nagasaki city of Japan to end the World War II at 1945 .
The bombs killed about 140,000 and 80,000 civilians in Hiroshima and Nagasaki respectively .
Afterward , the Japanese civilians were also suffered rape incidents during the
.
Aftermath of Nagasaki atomic bomb at 1945 .
What a upset history .
Earlier a mint spokesman did not deny the plans to abolish the coin , saying : " We are not going to answer that question . "
But a reliable source said staff in the design and engraving section had been working for some months on a redesign that would include an updated portrait of the Queen on all Australian coins .
Any change to the royal portrait requires the Queen 's approval .
" She has to OK it  she has to agree to the new dies that are to be made for her side of those coins , " the source said .
Only four images of the Queen have graced Australian coins since dollars and cents replaced pounds , shillings and pence in 1966 .
Her picture was last updated in 1999 , with the Queen choosing a design by British sculptor Ian Rank - Broadley from the three submitted .
She did , however , approve a design by Australian Vladimir Gottwald in 2000 to be used once only to commemorate her visit to Australia that year .
The plan to ditch the five - cent piece follows the scrapping of one and two - cent coins in the early 1990s .
Federal treasurer Paul Keating said then that the cost of minting the copper coins far exceeded their value , and they had lost their real purchasing power .
" Many people regard them as a nuisance  millions of these coins drop out of circulation each year , " Mr Keating said on the night of the 1990 federal budget .
Prices began being rounded to the nearest five cents for cash transactions .
Since then the five - cent coin has been " Australia 's most shunned shrapnel " , with shopkeepers and retailers calling for the echidna - clad currency to be abandoned , as the New Zealand equivalent was in 2006 .
In Melbourne city , parking meters do not accept five - cent coins , and shoppers would struggle to find an item on supermarket shelves for five cents .
Australian Retailers Association executive director Richard Evans said yesterday many retailers found the small coins a " menace " to handle and would support the move .
But he said it would complicate pricing policies , and retailers would need some direction , perhaps from the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission , on whether they should round prices up or down .
" As long as it does n't provide any burden in terms of costs for retailers they 'd probably support it , " Mr Evans said .
He said with many purchases now made electronically and not rounded up or down , the impact on consumers would be limited .
" The only people it will probably affect is money boxes for children , " he said .
Choice spokesman Christopher Zinn said there was no doubt some people would welcome a decision to scrap the " inconvenient " coin , but the real question was what impact would it have on prices .
" And if you tell people the prices would be rounded up by five cents I 'm sure they would be far more reticent in terms of seeing an end to it , " he said .
" A lot of prices are already $ 2.99 rather than $ 2.95 so one could be forgiven for thinking that the temptation is far more to round up than round down .
The union representing Los Angeles police officers is pressuring the owner of San Diego ’s main newspaper to change the paper ’s editorial stance on labor issues or to fire its editorial writers .
The feud is rooted in the recent purchase of the San Diego Union - Tribune by Platinum Equity , a private Beverly Hills firm .
Platinum relies on a $ 30 - million investment from the pension fund of Los Angeles police officers and fire fighters , along with large sums from other public - employee pension systems around the state , to help fund its acquisitions of companies .
As League President Paul M. Weber views it , that makes the League part owner in the flagging Tribune and League officials are none to happy with the paper ’s consistent position that San Diego lawmakers should cut back on salaries and benefits for public employees in order to help close gaping budget deficits .
" Since the very public employees they continually criticize are now their owners , we strongly believe that those who currently run the editorial pages should be replaced , " Weber wrote in a March 26 letter to Platinum CEO Tom Gores .
Weber , in an interview , emphasized that the League is not demanding changes in the paper ’s news coverage of the issue or in its staff of reporters .
" It ’s just these people on the opinion side .
There is not even an attempt to be even - handed .
They ’re one step away from saying , ‘ these public employees are parasites , ’ " Weber said .
Bob Kittle , editor of the Union - Tribune ’s editorial page , rebuffed Weber ’s comments .
While his staff has written several editorials critical of the benefit and pension commitments city leaders have made to San Diego ’s five public employee unions , he denied Weber ’s charge that the paper is out to hurt public employees .
どうやら 、 「 要らない」で良いらしい。
https://www.securecoding.cert.org/confluence/display/seccode/POS03-C.+Do+not+use+volatile+as+a+synchronization+primitive
When memory accesses are protected by a mutex , POSIX guarantees that memory is synchronized between threads and therefore volatile is not needed .
See XBD 4.11 Memory Synchronization .
There are very many ( probably thousands ) of existing pthread applications that rely on this .
It 's worth remembering that when pthreads were added to POSIX , it did not require implementations to support the C Standard ( they had the option of supporting standard C or " common usage C " , i.e. K&R ) , so there was no way it could require applications to use volatile .
ううむ。解せなかったんだが、XBD 4.11 を確認しておわりってことになりそうだ。
ぼくの C 言語仕様に関する理解では、mutex lock は必要、volatile も必要と考えるのが自然だと思う 。
ここで問題になるのは、
メモリバリ ア
変数の揮発 性
のふたつだと思うのだが、ライブラリとして実現されている pthread_mutex_lock/unlock( ) は、 前者について適切に処理できても 、 後者には手がだせないはずだから（と思っていた）。
" POSIX guarantees that memory is synchronized between threads and therefore volatile is not needed . " っていうけどさ、 synchronized between threads っていうのは、 メモリオーダに関する（つまりメモリバリアを適切に挿入せよって） 話であって、volatile 云々は、コンパイラによる最適化を抑止して、 必ずメモリを参照してねって話でしょ。 両者は独立している筈なのに 、なんで " therefore " っていえちゃうんだろうね 。
が、どうやら、C の処理系として、どっちもよきにはからえというのが POSIX の要求らしい 。
ふーん。
それって、リーズナブルな要求かなぁ。
「 人にやさしい」という意味で妥当なのはわかるけど、
C の処理系にとって、適切に処理可能な問題なんだろうか？
この要求にこたえようとすると、すべての変数を、副作用のある関数コールをまたいで値を保持していないかもしれない（= volatile ) ものとして扱うことにならない ？
C の関数プロトタイプでは、 「 この関数によってクリティカルセッションに入ったり出たりします」なんて属性が表現されてたりしないし、
仮に宣言可能だとしても、ラップされちゃったらわかんなくなっちゃう。
まあいいけど 。
volatile は要らないらしいというのは、わかった 。
でも、納得はしない。 「 へんなのー 」と思う。 C に関す る 「仕様」のなかで、一番嫌いかも知れない。C らしくないよ。
Quote : XBD 4.10 Memory Synchronization
Applications shall ensure that access to any memory location by more than one thread of control ( threads or processes ) is restricted such that no thread of control can read or modify a memory location while another thread of control may be modifying it .
Such access is restricted using functions that synchronize thread execution and also synchronize memory with respect to other threads .
The following functions synchronize memory with respect to other threads :
fork ( )
pthread_barrier_wait ( )
pthread_cond_broadcast ( )
pthread_cond_signal ( )
pthread_cond_timedwait ( )
pthread_cond_wait ( )
pthread_create ()
pthread_join ( )
pthread_mutex_lock ( )
pthread_mutex_timedlock ( )
pthread_mutex_trylock ( )
pthread_mutex_unlock ( )
pthread_spin_lock ( )
pthread_spin_trylock ( )
pthread_spin_unlock ( )
pthread_rwlock_rdlock ( )
pthread_rwlock_timedrdlock ( )
pthread_rwlock_timedwrlock ( )
pthread_rwlock_tryrdlock ( )
pthread_rwlock_trywrlock ( )
pthread_rwlock_unlock ( )
pthread_rwlock_wrlock ( )
sem_post ( )
sem_trywait ( )
sem_wait ( )
wait ( )
waitpid ( )
The pthread_once ( ) function shall synchronize memory for the first call in each thread for a given pthread_once_t object .
Unless explicitly stated otherwise , if one of the above functions returns an error , it is unspecified whether the invocation causes memory to be synchronized .
Applications may allow more than one thread of control to read a memory location simultaneously .
僕には、 「これらの関数がロック変数の制御だけでなくて、メモリバリアも適切にいれてくれますよ 」
と言っているだけにしか思えないんだけど。 なんでこれが 「 volatile qualifier いらない」の根拠になるのか、おっちゃん（僕）にはわからん。
FAQ だったもよう （thx to m.ukai さん )
http://www.lambdacs.com/cpt/FAQ.html#Q56
ほかにも、http://ml.tietew.jp/cppll/cppll/article/11701
も教えてもらった。そこには、以下のような記述が：
ちなみに、大抵のC++環境でのmutex lockは、保護の対象となるオブジェクトだけでなく
メモリの全領域に対してメモリアクセス最適化を排除してしまうことになると思います。
うんうん、そう思う 。
さらに、上で、 「 なんでこれが『volatile qualifier いらない』の根拠になるのか、おっちゃん（僕）にはわからん」とほざいてしまいましたが、
4.10 だけじゃなくて 、A.4.10 も読むべきだった模様。
いまから読む 。
→読んだけど…どうだろ。わたしのように、「 メモリモデルと volatile は別問題では？」と考えている人間にとって納得のいく説明にはなってませんでした。
けど、まあいいや 。
volatile をきちんとつけるのは難しい しかも、volatile の要求は強すぎるので、付けると速度が犠牲になりすぎ だから、付けなくても良いようにしましょうというのが POSIX の主張で す
ってことなんだよね 。
Check out photos from the United Irish Counties Feis : Click here
UIC Feis in Yonkers weathers the economic storm : Click here
Feiseanna take a heck of a lot of work : Click here
Irish dancing dresses are often truly gorgeous .
They gleam with sequins , come in all colors , and combined with the wigs and tiaras , make the dancers look like princesses .
The Irish dancing dresses play a crucial role in the contest .
Not only does a girl ’s appearance count towards her grade , the right dress can help her dance better on stage .
There are many factors to consider when buying a dress : color , patterns , the fabric ’s weight , and current fashions .
A group of girls at the United Irish Counties Feis in Yonkers , N.Y. shared what they want in a perfect dress .
“ The colors have to go with your skin tone , ” said 15 - year - old Ryan Ashley Moran .
“ You look for the color and style that works for you . ”
“ Especially at the major competitions , where the stage is huge , the lights can wash you out , ” friend and fellow dancer Kate Carey said .
“ And if you ’re younger , you go for a cutesy dress .
If you ’re older , you want something more regal . ”
Girls need to ponder over the design , shape , neckline and length of a dress , especially since Irish dancing involves so much physical exertion .
Heavy fabrics can cause discomfort , and a pointy neckline can poke you .
In the current trends , it should reach four inches above the knee .
A dress should n’t be too long , or too short , and always keep within the traditional style .
“ The higher level you are , you want a dress that ’s ‘ wow ’ , ” explained Simone Rodriguez , who recently competed at the Worlds Irish Dancing Championship .
“ You have to have the ‘ it ’ factor , so a judge looks at you and thinks , ‘ she ’s a really great dancer , and I want to look at her . ’ ”
Simone added , “ I look for a pretty design , with not too much glitter , but shiny .
“ I look for money , ” her mother said .
Dancing dresses , when new , can cost more than $ 3,000 .
Children and teenagers grow quickly , which means there ’s a flourishing market in second hand frocks , which parents sell for about half the original price .
The dresses for the higher levels are really expensive .
As girls get older , the dresses get most costly .
Despite the costs , for a dancer , the dress has a special importance .
“ It ’s almost like a wedding dress , ” says Brigette Nieson , from Connecticut , whose 12 - year - old daughter competed at the UIC Feis on Sunday , June 14 .
“ It ’s a morale booster and a major thing for confidence for the girls .
They ’re all so very different .
And each dress seems more beautiful than the one before . ”
Cookbook | Ingredients | Recipes | Vegan Cuisine | Breakfast
A vegan cheese that mainly consists of potato , oil and soy .
Ingredients [ edit ]
Vegan cheese
Procedure [ edit ]
Boil potatoes until they are not quite done .
If the potatoes are not completely done the resulting substance may be sliceable , although it will be easy to spread anyway .
Take the mashed potatoes and add soy sauce and yeast extract generously and mix it with some margarine and / or some rapeseed oil .
Some corn flour , breading mixture or wheat flour help to make the substance drier and , in case of corn flour , add significantly to the taste .
( soy flour is unsuitable here due to its taste ) .
A small amount of lecithin powder can be added as an emulgator but is not really necessary .
It it 's healthy and , being hydrophilic and lipophilic , it binds together the water and the oil .
Mix the ingredients .
The substance should take on the consistency of peanut butter but have more the color of cheese than anything else .
The taste is n't yet close to cheese but getting closer .
Corn flour , either in a seasoning mix or just plain corn flour gets us closer to cheese now .
If you add enough seasoning mix the color will be much closer to peanut butter now but you may opt to leave away the seasoning mix altogether and just add corn flour , separately or with the vegetable stock .
Adding cumin is also highly recommended .
Another alternative is the Chili season mix , which can also be combined with other spices , for example vegetable stock , sugar and cumin .
Vinegar may increase durability in the refrigerator but more than 4 days are not recommended .
You can add bear 's garlic , garlic , onions and / or any herbs you like ( e.g. , fresh thyme ) to the cheese .
A pinch of sugar can add to the taste but may not be compatible with all other spices .
Fill the substance into a small , round form , to give it the form of a cheddar cheese .
Vegan cheese with rice
Variant with rice [ edit ]
In the variant with rice about half ( up to two thirds ) of the base substance is replaced by mashed rice .
The advantage of mashed rice is that it results in a more cheese like substance , which dries better .
Variant with vegetable stock [ edit ]
The variant with vegetable stock can be made with less soy sauce .
Mexican Taco Seasoning
Mix can be used but is not required , because the vegetable stock is already very spicy .
The variant can be combined with rice .
Variant with vegan cheese sauce [ edit ]
A dairy free cheese flavor sauce mix can be suitable to acquire a stronger cheese flavor .
Freezing [ edit ]
Freezing is not recommended .
There was a single case where freezing seemed to even have improved the consistency ( making it a bit like tofu ) but this lacks reproducibility .
Best served [ edit ]
With tomato , basil and garlic [ edit ]
Best served slightly heated ( e.g. , on a solar oven ) on ciabatta with a splash of warm olive or rapeseed oil , mixed with a mashed clove of garlic and with a slice of tomato and a leaf of basil .
With onions and grapes [ edit ]
Put the cheese on a slice of bread and sprinkle hackled onions on top .
Bake in a toaster oven or grill until the onions turn only slightly glassy .
Grapes cut in halves make a good topping and complement the taste .
[ xmonad ] StackSet patch
I found a really minor bug in the " new " function in StackSet.hs .
I 've attached a patch to fix it .
More interesting , however , is how I found this .
I 've been transcribing XMonad 's StackSets to the functional language / proof assistant Coq .
I 've set up a darcs repository with my work so far : darcs get www.cs.nott.ac.uk/~wss/repos/StackSet
At the moment I have a fairly complete implementation of StackSets in Coq .
I have to admit that I did cut a few corners here and there , but there 's nothing that can't be fixed with a bit more work .
From this Coq file , you can ( in principle ) extract Haskell code that is pretty close to the current StackSet.hs .
I should emphasize that I have n't proven much about StackSets just yet .
This only shows that the definitions in StackSet.hs can be made total ( i.e. non-crashing and terminating ) in a richer type theory .
It should be fun to prove some QuickCheck properties in Coq – which is what I 'd like to do next .
Wouter -------------- next part
--------------
A non -text attachment was scrubbed ...
Name : stackset.patch
Type : application / octet - stream Size : 6307 bytes Desc : not available Url : http://www.haskell.org/pipermail/xmonad/attachments/20090504/263c0519/stackset.obj
-------------- next part
--------------
I attended an interesting panel discussion the other night about cloud computing .
Six startup CTO ’s were there to talk about their experiences with Amazon ’s services :
Prakash Khot from Dimdim
Aaron White from Doink
Mark Pascarella from Gotuit
Joe Berkovitz from Noteflight
Philip Jacob from Stylefeeder
Brian Whitman from The Echo Nest
I really liked this panel because they were all technical and heavily involved in real day - to - day dealings with cloud computing .
It ’s easy to find breathless hype about how EC2 is going to revolutionize startups .
This was a much more balanced view of what it ’s really like .
I took some sketchy notes .
Perhaps because the speakers knew everyone had heard the positives , or perhaps because I already knew the positives , these notes skew toward the negatives .
All used Amazon services , and most if not all of them seemed to use RightScale to manage them .
Cloud is great for quickly deploying new servers .
Load testing : set up two machines , let them pound each other .
Handling unexpected demand .
It ’s scalable , but not like normal computing : Higher latency .
Higher error rates .
You have to pay much more attention to your error handling code .
Cloud limitations : Ca n’t send lots of emails , since you need a spam - whitelisted server .
Disk I/ O in the cloud is a lot slower than in real machines ( “ punishingly slow ” ) .
Want a db server with 32 Gb RAM ?
Amazon does n’t offer it .
Want dual hardware load balancers ?
Amazon does n’t have it .
PCI ( credit card ) compliance is a problem : use a 3rd - party cart or PayPal instead of doing it yourself in the cloud .
Amazon is clearly the leader .
Microsoft has a service ( Azure ) in beta , but it ’s very Microsoft - specific .
Intuit is creating a service .
No one mentioned Google App Engine .
The lock - in is latency : Transfering data within the Amazon services is free .
Transfering data to an Amazon competitor : not free .
Cost : cloud is more expensive than real machines .
Cloud is good for elastic computing , not for high constant demand .
Cloud is good for getting started without capital outlay .
Many of the six startups represented got started before being funded .
Cloud further enables virutal companies .
A bunch of guys with laptops can move office wherever they want , do n’t worry about where the servers are .
They all muttered knowingly about the day Amazon ’s cloud was down .
“ You could read about it on Twitter , but all the avatars were missing , because Twitter kept them on S3 . ”
Cloud encourages queue architectures .
Pipelined role - based “ machines ” .
The work of the app is broken into smaller pieces , distributed onto a broader network of virtual boxes .
Number of machines in each role can be altered dynamically to deal with the actual load right now .
You need monitoring services external to your cloud !
One interesting side - node : the panel was at the Vilna Shul , a historic temple on cramped Beacon Hill .
They could invest in some cushions for their 1840 high - backed pews , but other than that , it was a nice change of pace to be hearing tech discussion not among monitors and keyboards but torah holders and time - worn paint .
«« First « Previous | Random | Next » Current »»
I 'm not too happy with her version of the comic .
Israeli hacker Ehud Tenenbaum will be extradited to the United States despite his previous requests to be tried in Canada , where he was arrested , Canadian media reported over the weekend .
" the analyzer " after it was discovered that he was the mastermind behind the hacking of the Pentagon computer systems in the late 1990s , has been in Canadian custody since August 2008 , when he and three Canadian accomplices were arrested for hacking into the computers of Canadian company ' Direct Cash ' and stealing CDN $ 1.8 million .
Ehud 's mother , Malka , confirmed the extradition to Ynet and explained that it was " by agreement and there 's something to the reports . "
Shortly after his arrest , Tenenbaum was scheduled to be released on CDN $ 30,000 bail .
The court later denied bail after the prosecution entered into evidence documentation suggesting he is the leading suspect in a US case investigating the hackings of hundreds of companies around the world , including some in the US , Russia , Turkey , Holland , Sweden and Belgium .
Due to the scope of the fraud and the involvement of US companies and the Pentagon , the United States ' Federal Bureau of Investigation ( FBI ) is involved in the investigation against him .
Previously , Tenenbaum and his associates opposed extradition because the charges levied against them in the United States are much more severe than those in Canada .
Now , however , Tenenbaum appears prepared to agree to comply with extradition and even decided to forego a preliminary hearing on the matter .
In the past , Tenenbaum 's mother told Ynet she objected to the extradition because it involved charges that had taken place over a decade ago .
Regarding the recent decision , she said " I do n't want to talk so that I do n't ruin anything and you 'll understand what I mean when the time comes .
Any superfluous talk will harm my son . "
The Pee Without Noise Stool is one of those ideas that 's so cool we 're embarrassed we did n't think of it before .
We 've all been there : it 's 2 am in a sleeping house , your mother - in - law is right behind you in line for the potty , or you do n't want to broadcast the fact that you downed six glasses of beer over the course of your date .
As great as it is to be able to pee standing up , there are some situations where you just want to do your business discreetly , and having the outlet several feet above the bowl makes it hard to keep the volume down .
You could sit , but not only is that unbecoming a man , you also risk splashing the rim .
Enter the Pee Without Noise stool .
Kneeling on its soft cushions positions you at the exact right height to land your stream in the bowl at a much - reduced velocity and volume level .
This simple , elegant tool could save your dignity , your relationship , or even your life ( if there 's a robber in the house but you just have to go ) !
The Pee Without Noise stool features :
Following from the success of Capcom ’s video game 戦国ＢＡＳＡＲＡ , Battle Heroes , ( selling over 1,400,000 units ) a number of goods and services related to Kumamoto castle , ( 熊本城 ) , Himeji castle ( 姫路城 ) and Hamamatsu castle ( 浜松城 ) have become popular .
One item of interest and surprise is the popularity of a brand of mens underwear by a company called Rogin , which depicts the motiff of the popular warlords from the Warring States period .
There is a brand for Oda Nobunaga as well as Tokugawa Ieyasu .
Before you rush out to try and buy a pair of these , you should now that sales have been very brisk and they are now out of stock .
New stock should be arriving in stores soon .
Apparently , sales have been strong with women who are said to be buying the underwear as presents .
( or maybe wearing it themselves ? )
Priced at around YEN 9,000 , these are not a cheap item .
They were originally designed to be in the category of 勝負パンツ ( shoubu pants ) , which are worn for special occasions when you need that extra sense of power and confidence .
For example on a first date , or at a special business meeting when you want to land a big contract .
For these occasions the extra money spent on such an item may seem worthwhile .
If the small pictures were n’t sufficient to grab your interests here are some extra large ones
Here is a link to a newspaper article about this brand .
( Japanese only , but with photo ) .
and a further article by Excite with some pictures .
Here is a link to the Japanese and English site of the manufacturer where you can order online .
They are simply calling the brand line “ Samurai ” here .
Share this : Facebook
Pinterest
Twitter
The SixthAxis has learnt over the weekend that although the recent Firmware 3.0 feature set could n’t be confirmed as being 100 % accurate , it probably is n’t too far from reality .
“ We ’re still 6 months or so away , ” said one individual speaking off the record , “ but 2.90 will come first . ”
The individual refused to comment on the rumours we had heard regarding Home integration , but re-iterated that “ lots of things can change between now and then ” .
Stay tuned to TSA for all your Firmware news .
Useful FACT
The Falsification of Medical Studies for Commercial Purpose
Added by viorel on Jun 12 , 2009 | Visited by 5650 | Voted by 50 persons
In the science field the most common question , which unfortunately remains unanswered , refers to scientific misbehavior .
The truth is that a lot of researchers fabricate their study results and sometimes it is hard to identify lie from truth .
The open - access journal PLos ONE features an article written by Daniele Fanelli of the University of Edinburgh who presented the first meta-analysis of polls questioning researchers about their misconducts .
The meta -analysis attempted to reveal the truth about the falsification of information .
It was found that changing data or making it up was more frequent than it was previously thought .
Most frequent cases of misbehavior were registered by specialists from the medical and pharmacological fields .
Medical research is the first in the list of fields were the fabrication , falsification or altering of data is very common .
It was proven that false research is rather easy to make up and it was proven by some scandals like the one linked with Hwang Woo - Suk\ 's fake stem - cell lines or that of Jon Sudbo , who falsified the results of cancers trials .
What is really surprising is that such fake studies are published in some of the most prestigious scientific journals .
With increasing evidence it brings the obvious - that all the fake studies that came into light represent just a tip of the iceberg .
This is due to the fact that smaller cases of misconduct take place even more frequently .
If to reveal the real numbers , they might spark a wave of controversy .
Because completely different results were obtained after carrying out researches based on indirect data ( such as official withdrawal of scientific papers of arbitrary data audits ) , scientists have asked other researchers directly , with specific polls created and conducted in different countries around the globe and in various disciplines .
But the results of these surveys are still inconclusive , because different questions were asked and different methods were used .
In order to make the results of the surveys somewhat comparable , the recent meta- analysis focused of scientists \ ' actions that really deform scientific knowledge and revealed the occurrence of researchers , who reported of making up or altering data at least once , or who were aware of at least one case of a colleague that showed misconduct behavior .
The results of the survey do not include information on plagiarism and other types of malpractice .
The Results
The average result of all surveys , showed that 2 percent of scientists at least once in the career made - up , altered or falsified data with the goal of improving the outcome .
It was also revealed that up to 34 percent were involved in other doubtful practices such as \ " failing to present data that contradict one \'s own previous research \ " and \ " dropping observations or data points from analyses based on a gut feeling that they were inaccurate . \ "
Those surveys that questioned scientists about the behavior of their colleagues showed that 14 percent were aware that one of their colleagues was involved in falsification or changing of data .
In addition , the polls showed that up to 72 percent knew at least one person who was previously involved in doubtful research practices .
Such results can suggest two things , whether scientists from the two fields were more honest than others , or they are aware that falsification and altering of data takes place much more often in medicine or pharmacology .
However , if the latter is true than it would increase fears that industrial sponsorship plays an important role in distorting scientific proof in order to promote money - making treatments and drugs .
For years a pair of brilliant scientists have been locked in a nasty fight to see who could build super - strength suits for the U.S. military .
In that battle Sarcos ’ Stephen Jacobsen had a key advantage over his arch-rival , Berkeley Bionics ’ Hami Kazerooni : Jacobsen had defense contracting giant Raytheon on his side .
Which meant government contacts .
Engineering know - how .
And an ability to manufacture the exoskeletons in quantity , if need be .
Then , last month Kazerooni announced that he had teamed up with a defense - industrial giant , too .
Yesterday , at the Association of the United States Army ’s winter conference , Lockheed and Berkeley Bionics showed off their exoskeleton , the Human Universal Load Carrier exoskeleton — " HULC . "
( This video is similar to a one we highlighted last Spring ; newer footage in on the Defense News site . )
The super - strength suit attaches to the wearers ’ legs , augmenting their power while shadowing their movement .
According to Lockheed , HULC enables the wearer to carry up to 200 pounds without much effort — and sprint up to 10 miles per hour in short bursts .
Lithium - ion batteries will keep the wearer walking at a normal pace for an hour .
The companies also claim that there ’s a " long - range extended 72 - hour mission model , " which relies on JP8 jet fuel .
But they did n’t appear to show it off at the conference .
HULC wo n’t boost arm strength , like Sarcos ’ all - body exoskeleton .
But a shoulder strap does help with heavy lifting .
And HULC does n’t need to be tethered to a power source , like Sarcos ’ suit does .
Which means wearers can crawl and scamper around , uninhibited .
HULC is also fairly easy to get on and off — the thing " can be removed in 30
seconds , " according to Defense News .
" The HULC can be fitted with armor plating , heating or cooling systems , sensors and ‘ other custom attachments , ’ " Lew Page notes .
" We particularly liked that last one : our personal request would be a powered gun or missile mount of some kind above the shoulder , linked to a helmet or monocle laser sight . "
Not so fast , Pagey .
For now , the joint Lockheed - Berkeley team is just gearing up for " full - scale trials with the Army " in the standard super - suit , " beginning in January 2010 . "
ALSO :
Rated 4.94 out of 5
$ 1,097 – $ 1,197
SAVE Up to $ 302 Off RRP ! + Free Shipping This Week Only
This Uppababy Cruz V2 Stroller Deal includes the Free Snug Seat worth $ 84.95 RRP for Free .
Act FAST Before the Prices
Go back up !
In Addition - Free Shipping - This Week Only PLUS Access the Free $ 180 worth of accessories by redemption !
Every Parents needs are different when it comes to a pram - if you need a super lightweight stroller with a reversible seat , one hand fold that is only one step with a huge shopping basket and the ability to be used with a carry cot or a travel system with the addition of a baby capsule , the Uppababy Alta Stroller might just be what you have been looking for !
The Current model UPPAbaby Cruz stroller fits a need that many parents are looking for .
It additionally Features AIRGO
Tyres providing the ultimate in shock absorbing performance .
The Uppabayy Cruz is a mid-weight , full - sized stroller with excellent features to help you face whatever your busy day may throw at you !
It also features Larger , 21 cm rear wheels mimic the cushioned ride of an air - filled tire with the lightweight benefit of foam .
This provides the ultimate in shock - absorbing performance with tires that never go flat .
On top of that - Now includes Bumper Bar in the price !
Order the New UPPAbaby Cruz V2 Model with additional benefits listed separately below and Save Hundreds !
" Everything that the White House does concerning this deep recession contains an element of gambling because no one has been here before , " said Robert B. Reich , labor secretary under President Bill Clinton and a professor of public policy at the University of California at Berkeley .
" There 's no formula that can be applied , and that 's why the president 's popularity and credibility are vitally important . "
Reich noted , " Very soon we 'll be in the gravitational pull of the midterm elections , and it seems clear that Republicans want to challenge Obama on the economy and will run on tax cuts , deficit reduction , and a much more scaled - down and privatized health - care plan . "
" If they can get their act together and come up with something that is halfway respectable , and if the public begins to lose patience by Election Day , Democrats could have some real problems , " he said .
" And those problems , of course , could possibly extend through 2012 . "
Those concerns about spending and deficits are not confined by U.S. borders .
Treasury Secretary Timothy F. Geithner traveled to China this month to assure leaders there that " we will cut our deficit and we will eliminate our extraordinary government support that we have put in place to overcome the crisis . "
Traveling in Germany this month , Obama responded to Chancellor Angela Merkel 's concerns that U.S. spending could lead to global inflation and undermine the stability of U.S. debt .
“ In the midst of the worst economic crisis since the Great Depression , Mark Kirk is essentially telling China , which holds more U.S. debt than any nation on earth , not to trust the American government , and by extension , the American people .
This puts the full faith and credit of the United States at risk and threatens to permanently wreak havoc on the credit markets that are essential to our recovery and our economic future ...
Congressman
Kirk ’s reckless actions demonstrate a terrible lapse in judgment and should be immediately retracted . "
On it 's front page today , thedecided to warn how Obama 's spending plans may pose political risks .
As the Establishment in Iran is in the midst of proving , when you cross the powers that be , popularity , in very imperfect " democracies " like the U.S. and Iran , is not necessarily the last word .
Thedismisses Obama's " towering polling numbers " and notes that Establishment figures -- criminal elements tied to corporate management and fronted by haughty senators on both sides of the aisle -- are not happy with the way Obama 's change agenda is impacting their own particular special interests .
Is the anti-democratic House of Lords ready to turn on the new president so soon ?
When Inside - the - Beltway hacks mention that " even some leaders in his own party are calling on the president to soon begin making those difficult choices , despite a fragile economy that remains in recession , " they 're not talking about creating a more equitable balance between the wealthy and powerful and normal working families through things like a more progressive tax structure .
They 're talking about things like cutting Social Security or dumping this whole " public option " plan for medical insurance .
But surely the kind of partisan power fight stops at our borders , right ?
Well , not if you 've paid attention to the startling controversy around Illinois Rep.
Mark Kirk , who traveled to China and told Chinese officials not to trust Obama 's budget numbers .
He was n't talking to a bunch of drooling idiots at a GOP club house in Deerfield or to a Sean Hannity audience ; he was basically telling China to undermine the U.S. government financially .
He 's running for the U.S. Senate .
Illinois ' state Treasurer , Alexi Giannoulias , was appalled :
Even hard to embarrass right - wing bloggers like Sister Touldjah and SayAnythingBlog were aghast and told Kirk to STFU and that his kind of cheap " politics stops at the border .
" But sniping from two - bit partisan clowns like Mark Kirk is n't the worst of what Obama has to contend with while he 's trying to clean up the abysmal series of messes left behind by Bush , Cheney and an irresponsible and cowed Republican - dominated Congress .
They left Obama -- as if purposefully -- a rapidly escalating $ 1.3 billion deficit .
That does n't turn around on a dime and knee - jerk GOP obstructionism has n't helped either .
Nor has the tendency of many of the members of the House of Lords -- particularly ego - driven mediocrities like Ben Nelson , Joe Lieberman , Max Baucus , Susan Collins , Blanche Lincoln , Chuck Grassley , Arlen Specter and Evan Bayh -- to think they were each elected president .
So theanalysis goes on and on to make the point that because Obama is n't following conservative dogma , Democrats could fail in the 2010 midterms .
The Establishment foes of FDR and the New Deal said the same thing about the midterm elections of 1934 , a period almost exactly analogous to our own .
At that time the Republicans yelled and screamed " socialism " about everything Roosevelt and the Democrats did and they obstructed it all every step of the way , certain that the voters would reward them at the polls .
When the first midterm after Roosevelt 's first election rolled around Republicans lost 10 seats in the Senate , leaving them with 25 , and 14 seats in the House , leaving them with 103 .
Thealso warns , several times , that Obama could be jeopardizing his re-election in 2012 .
Roosevelt did very well in 1936 , winning every state but 2 and 523 electoral votes to Alf Landon 's 8 .
Governor Landon did n't even carry his own state , Kansas .
As for the Senate , Republicans shed another 8 seats , leaving their pathetic and extremist rump with just 17 members .
Obstructionist Republicans in the House fared no better and voters excised another 15 of them , leaving only 88 Republicans in the House opposing 322 Democrats and 13 progressive independents .
Meanwhile A.P.'s Jim Kuhnnenn is echoing the Wall Street version of " tighter controls " on banksters .
Obama is faced with not just BushCo's economic devastation , but with decades worth of deregulatory mania courtesy of the Wall Street - financed administrations of Reagan , the two father and son Bush disasters and Clinton .
" The goal , " he writes , " is to prevent a recurrence of the economic crisis that erupted in the United States and exploded last fall with devastating consequences still reverberating around the world .
" And how do the pro-Wall Street forces inside the Administration -- Geithner and Summers and their team -- think they can stop those reverberations and prevent them from happening again ?
And why are progressives already calling their proposals " too timid ? "
The Republicans -- for a change , and God only knows why -- are n't wrong when they warn about giving more power , unitary power , to the Fed , an institution that can hardly be mentioned without using the word " failed , " is a huge mistake .
It is , a potentially catastrophic one , since the Fed has demonstrated that it is far from infallible , unable , as the usually clownish Alabama corporate hack Spencer Bachus , perceptively pointed out , " to anticipate crisis , let alone prevent them . "
Re-regulation , definitely .
The Fed ?
No way -- back to the drawing board .
Labels : 2010 congressional races , federal regulatory agencies , Federal Reserve , Mark Kirk , obstructionist Republicans
Real Madrid 's pursuit of Cristiano Ronaldo is essential for the club 's image and financial interests , their president in waiting Florentino Pérez has said .
Pérez , the overwhelming favourite to regain the Real presidency this week , said the Spanish club should have bought Ronaldo in 2007 and said the signing of Manchester United 's world player of the year was as essential as the purchase of David Beckham in 2003 .
" Madrid should have bought Cristiano Ronaldo as Beckham 's replacement two years ago , " Pérez said in the Sunday Times as he outlined a vision for the club that would once again involve glamorous galáctico signings that could attract sizeable global commercial income .
" When Beckham arrived , our sponsors significantly raised their payments to us and we rescued the finances of the club .
What happened in the last few years is that the club did not reinvest in the type of players to continue with that model .
I want to put that right .
If Cristiano Ronaldo comes in , we would have a Nike - endorsed player putting on an adidas shirt every week . "
Pérez has already outlined plans to bring Kaka and Franck Ribéry to the Bernabéu from Milan and Bayern Munich respectively .
Ronaldo himself was evasive about his future plans in the aftermath of United 's Champions League final defeat by Barcelona in Rome .
Ms Redding was 13 when the search incident happened
The US Supreme Court has ruled that school staff broke the law when they ordered a 13 - year - old girl to strip while searching her for painkillers .
The Arizona school , which bans prescription and over - the - counter drugs , suspected Savana Redding , then 13 , of carrying ibuprofen .
After no drugs were found in her bag , she had to remove her clothing , and then move her bra and underwear .
However , the court said individuals could not be held liable in a lawsuit .
The school principal acted on a tip - off from another student that Savana was carrying ibuprofen .
Justice David Souter said : " What was missing from the suspected facts that pointed to Savana was any indication of danger to the students from the power of the drugs or their quantity , and any reason to suppose that Savana was carrying pills in her underwear , " Associated Press reported .
" We think that the combination of these deficiencies was fatal to finding the search reasonable . "
The justices said the lower courts would have to determine whether Safford United School District No. 1 could be held liable .
The assault on Amanda Kiefer at dusk in San Francisco ’s posh Pacific Heights was extraordinary enough for its cruelty .
A stranger , later identified as Alexander Izaguirre , snatched her purse and hopped into an SUV , police say .
The driver sped forward to run Kiefer down .
Terrified , she leaped onto the hood and saw Izaguirre and the driver laughing .
The driver slammed on the brakes , propelling Kiefer to the pavement .
Her skull fractured .
Blood oozed from her ear .
Only after the July 2008 attack did Kiefer learn of the crime ’s political ramifications .
Izaguirre , police told her , was an illegal immigrant who had pleaded guilty four months earlier to a drug felony for selling cocaine in the seedy Tenderloin area .
He had avoided prison when he was picked for a jobs program run by San Francisco Dist .
Atty .
Kamala Harris , now a candidate for California ’s top law enforcement post .
In effect , Harris ’ office had been allowing Izaguirre and other illegal immigrants to stay out of prison by training them for jobs they cannot legally hold .
Advertisement
The program , Back on Track , is a centerpiece of Harris ’ campaign for state attorney general .
Until questioned by The Times about the Izaguirre case , Harris , a Democrat , had never publicly acknowledged that the program included illegal immigrants .
In interviews last week , she and her office offered inconsistent explanations .
Izaguirre ’s trial this fall for the Kiefer attack -- his arrest forced him out of the program and into jail -- will put Harris in the middle of the controversy over San Francisco ’s lax policies toward illegal immigrants .
The city has a history of shielding some illegal immigrant criminals from deportation .
The assault on Kiefer occurred just a month after a triple homicide in San Francisco that put Mayor Gavin Newsom on the spot over the city ’s repeated release of Edwin Ramos , the illegal immigrant accused of the slayings .
Izaguirre ’s assault arrest , by contrast , drew almost no public attention .
Advertisement
Kiefer , then 29 , was walking with a friend to a restaurant when the attack occurred .
To her , it makes no sense that the D.A. 's office would set Izaguirre free after his earlier drug arrest -- or enroll him and other illegal immigrant felons in Back on Track .
“ If they ’ve committed crimes and they ’re not citizens , then why are they here ? ” Kiefer asked .
“ Why have n’t they been deported ? ”
Harris said she first learned that illegal immigrants were training for jobs in Back on Track when Izaguirre , then 20 , was arrested for the Kiefer assault and other crimes on a purse - snatching spree .
Izaguirre had been selected for the program after two arrests within eight months ; an alleged purse - snatching preceded his arrest for selling cocaine .
Because completion leads to the expunging of a felony conviction , the program has a waiting list of potential entrants .
Selections are made solely by the district attorney ’s office .
Advertisement
It was a mistake , Harris said , to let illegal immigrants into the program , a “ flaw in the design . ”
“ I believe we fixed it , ” Harris said in an interview at her office in San Francisco .
“ So moving forward , it is about making sure that no one enters Back on Track if they cannot hold legal employment . ”
Exactly how many illegal immigrants have been included since the program began four years ago is not publicly known .
Harris said that after Izaguirre ’s arrest she never asked -- and has never learned -- how many illegal immigrants were in the program .
Sharon Woo and Sharon Owsley , the prosecutors who oversee the program , said they too never asked and have never learned the number .
Advertisement
But after the interviews , Harris spokeswoman Erica Derryck said the D.A. 's office had in fact “ assessed who would not have been able to meet ” the new requirement for legal papers to obtain a job .
“ We deliberated on how best to handle this group , given that they entered the program under different criteria , ” Derryck said -- in other words , as illegal immigrants .
The San Francisco chapter of Goodwill Industries International handles day - to - day oversight of Back on Track participants for the D.A. 's office .
Carlos Serrano - Quan , a Goodwill supervisor , said it appeared that fewer than a dozen illegal immigrants had been in the program .
Whatever the number , Harris said that once she realized that illegal immigrants were enrolled , she allowed those who were following the rules to finish the program and have their criminal records cleared .
It is not the duty of local law enforcement , she said , to enforce federal immigration laws .
Advertisement
“ My issue was more , what are we going to do to prevent this from happening in the future ? ” she said .
Some of the illegal immigrants were allowed to graduate before finishing an entire 12 months of the program , as normally required , according to the D.A. 's spokeswoman .
“ The whole point of the program , ” Harris said , “ is that these people would be able to obtain and hold down lawful employment , and if they ’re undocumented , they probably would not be able to do that , so it would go against the very spirit of the program ” to continue admitting them .
Harris , 44 , was elected district attorney in 2003 and reelected in 2007 .
She designed Back on Track to help young adults who are arrested once for selling drugs ; the goal is to help them avoid falling into a life of crime .
Like cities and counties across the nation , San Francisco was already running several programs with that goal .
Advertisement
Back on Track participants agree to plead guilty to a drug felony and spend a year in the program , a mix of community service , employment and life - skills training , family counseling and English lessons for those who need them .
While in the program , they are free to live where they wish .
Even natural adversaries of the district attorney have applauded Back on Track .
“ It ’s very innovative for the district attorney to have a program like this , ” said Simin Shamji , a deputy public defender in San Francisco .
It might work better , she said , if the D.A. 's office ceded some control and collaborated more with social service agencies .
Over the last four years , 113 admitted drug dealers have graduated from the program , while 99 were yanked for failing to meet the requirements and sentenced under their guilty plea , according to the D.A. 's office .
Advertisement
Harris said graduates of the program are far less likely than other offenders to commit crimes again , but her spokeswoman declined to provide detailed statistics .
In her campaign for attorney general , Harris calls Back on Track a model for a statewide approach to preventing crime and easing prison overcrowding .
The campaign has consumed much of Harris ’ time in recent months .
Last week , she was raising money at homes in Calabasas , Studio City , Pacific Palisades and Hollywood .
Harris ’ liberal San Francisco pedigree will pose challenges in a statewide race , particularly her 2004 vow to “ never charge the death penalty . ”
That pledge will be put to the test in the upcoming murder trial of Ramos , the illegal immigrant accused in the shooting deaths of a man and his two sons .
Harris has not announced whether she will seek the death penalty .
Advertisement
Now , the Izaguirre case adds a new complication to her campaign .
“ The immigration issue , as it relates to the Izaguirre case , obviously is a huge kind of pimple on the face of this program , ” Harris acknowledged .
An instant later , she regretted the metaphor , saying , “ I do n’t mean to trivialize it , nor do I mean to cover it up . ”
Handcuffed and wearing an orange jail uniform , Izaguirre appeared Wednesday in a San Francisco courtroom .
He told a judge he would plead guilty to robbery for the July 2008 purse - snatchings .
But for reasons that were left unclear , he then abruptly withdrew the plea and backed out of a deal with prosecutors that would have put him in prison for three years and four months .
His trial is set to begin Sept. 4 and he could be deported afterward .
“ He is being prosecuted , and he will be deported with my full encouragement and support , ” Harris said .
Advertisement
Kiefer , who packages medical devices for a living , said she has left California for good , in part because of the trauma of nearly having been killed on her way to dinner last summer in Pacific Heights .
Nearly a year later , she remains baffled that San Francisco authorities ever let Izaguirre and other illegal immigrant felons back onto the streets .
“ If they ’re committing crimes , ” she said , “ I think there ’s something wrong that they ’re not being deported . ”
--
michael.finnegan@latimes.com
Rebuffing Israel on a key Mideast negotiating issue , Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton said Wednesday that the Obama administration wants a complete halt in the growth of Jewish settlements in Palestinian territory , with no exceptions .
President Obama “ wants to see a stop to settlements -- not some settlements , not outposts , not natural - growth exceptions , ” Clinton said .
Growth in settlements built in the West Bank has become a key point of disagreement between the United States and Israel as the administration assembles its plan to revive Israeli - Palestinian peace negotiations .
U.S. officials believe that a complete Israeli halt to settlement growth could lead to early concessions from moderate Arab nations and put new momentum behind the peace effort .
Advertisement
But Israeli officials maintain that existing settlements should be allowed to expand to accommodate the natural growth of Jewish families .
Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas , who is to meet with Obama today at the White House , considers a complete settlement freeze a precondition for new talks .
Abbas , who is politically weak and needs a concession to bolster his position , is expected to emphasize this point at the Washington meeting .
U.S. and Israeli officials have been debating the issue in meetings since conservative Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu visited Obama last week .
The administration has communicated its position “ very clearly , not only to the Israelis , but to the Palestinians and others , and we intend to press that point , ” Clinton said in an appearance at the State Department with Egyptian Foreign Minister Ahmed Aboul Gheit .
Advertisement
Israeli officials are willing to limit growth in outlying settlements , but contend that expansion should be allowed in larger settlements , closer to Israeli territory , that probably would be annexed to Israel in any final settlement .
Netanyahu reiterated that stand Sunday in a meeting of his Cabinet , saying there must be an allowance for “ natural growth , ” the vaguely defined term Israel uses for boosting population in the settlements , which are nearly universally seen as a violation of international law .
“ We will not build new settlements , ” he said , according to remarks released by his office .
“ But it is not fair not to provide a solution to natural growth . ”
Advertisement
Israeli officials have said they would disassemble 26 small so - called outposts in an effort to vent pressure from Washington on natural growth in the bigger areas .
In all , about 300,000 Israelis live in about 120 settlements .
Israeli officials have dismantled three outposts in the last week to underscore their willingness to end what they regard as illegal construction .
--
paul.richter@latimes.com
Advertisement
Times staff writer Richard Boudreaux in Jerusalem contributed to this report .
View unanswered posts |
View active topics
It is currently Oct 1st , ' 20 , 01:37
Forum Topics Posts Last post
Members Systems Create a thread about your system and keep people updated about your design , building and general maintenance .
Or read about other members systems .
Moderator : editors 3191 186107 Sep 27th , ' 20 , 19:28 great08
General System Discussions Discuss anything to do with aquaponics .
Get an idea of systems that others are building , post questions , problems , talk about design issues , or just boast about what your doing .
Moderator : editors 7614 100112 Sep 30th , ' 20 , 07:18 Aufin
Plants Plants keep the water clean for the fish , they can have incredible growth rates in aquaponic systems .
What would you like to grow ?
What are you growing ?
Moderator : editors 1602 20817 Sep 23rd , ' 20 , 14:47 Bregiz
Fish
What fish do you want to grow ?
What are other people growing ?
Fish are an essential component of an aquaponic system , whether they are for eating or ornamental purposes , this is the place to discuss them .
Moderator : editors 1752 26708 Sep 26th , ' 20 , 06:47 scotty435
Fish Feed Discuss different feeds for fish , commercial home made , or grown .
Moderator : editors 463 6938 May 17th , ' 20 , 00:55 dstjohn99
Fish Problems
Fish diseases and problems ?
Here you 'll find lots of information .
Moderator : editors 587 7122 Sep 10th , ' 20 , 22:30 Aufin
Fish Species Discuss different species that are suitable for aquaponic systems .
208 3587 Sep 19th , ' 20 , 20:57 scotty435
Fish preparing cleaning / filleting and recipes
Here you can discuss different methods of killing , cleaning , filleting , preparing and cooking your home grown fish .
Moderator : editors 67 969 Jan 11th , ' 20 , 22:01 BullwinkleII
Hardware
The different components and hardware used in constructing a system , pumps , tanks , growbeds , piping , etc. Moderator : editors 1776 29480 Sep 7th , ' 20 , 16:50 BnBob
Commercial Systems
This is the place to discuss anything concerning the commercial application of aquaponics systems .
System designs , sale of products , marketing etc. Moderator : editors 267 8096 Sep 26th , ' 20 , 06:03 scotty435
General Banter
A place to discuss anything to do with life .
Moderator : editors 1840 54419 Sep 16th , ' 20 , 10:59 Graf
Sustainable Solutions
Do you have some sustainable solutions .
Moderator : editors 245 5501 Sep 28th , ' 18 , 03:38 Aufin
Fishing Fishing in the wild .
Been on a fishing trip lately ?
Whats biting ?
Moderator : editors 83 1035 Nov 12th , ' 19 , 14:52 bluagate92
Electronics & Electrical Anything electrical or electronic to do with aquaponic systems .
Control systems , automation , backup systems , auto feeders .
Moderator : editors 185 4783 Jun 9th , ' 20 , 11:10 joblow
Recipes
Have any recipes you 'd like to share ?
Moderator : editors 26 277 Jun 28th , ' 20 , 00:43 BullwinkleII
Announcements Forum announcements Moderator : editors 313 8095 May 5th , ' 19 , 00:35 dutchken
Basic Information
So what is aquaponics all about ?
Moderator : editors 482 5795 Jul 30th , ' 20 , 11:12 Mr Damage
Aquaponics F.A.Q .
The most frequently asked questions about aquaponics .
Moderator : editors 508 5129 Jun 5th , ' 20 , 15:54 bobb11
Useful Information Tables , information , handy definitions , everything you may need to help understand different aspects of aquaponics Moderator : editors 268 3310 Jul 17th , ' 20 , 01:52 scotty435
Aquaponic System Locations
Do you have an aquaponic system ?
Where are you located ?
Moderator : editors 314 6030 Sep 18th , ' 20 , 21:13 Bedlore
New Member Introductions
If you 're new to the forum and would like to introduce yourself , please do so here .
Moderator : editors 3453 27063 Sep 25th , ' 20 , 13:21 LinuxGuru
Whats Happening at Backyard Aquaponics
A place to see what 's been going on at Backyard Aquaponics , at the display centre and online .
Moderator : editors 51 3173 Sep 18th , ' 18 , 04:15 casey37
International Information and news about aquaponics around the world Moderator : editors 89 958 Oct 31st , ' 17 , 02:55 tmcmaster
Australian Information and news about aquaponics in Australia Moderator : editors 76 1131 Sep 23rd , ' 20 , 19:29 gtkmarine
Aquaponics in Schools
Are you involved in education and want to set up a system in your school ?
Here you can discuss the benefits of aquaponics for students .
Moderator : editors 56 1246 Aug 22nd , ' 19 , 06:53 hoops81
Links & Downloads
Looking for links to useful aquaponics , hydroponics and aquaculture ?
If you 've found any links , share them here .
Moderator : editors 45 484 Apr 15th , ' 20 , 10:46 LowCarbTNPer
BYAP Products For Sale
Here you can find the diverse range of aquaponic products available from Backyard Aquaponics .
5 211 Apr 21st , ' 20 , 11:21 Moneybox
BYAP System Installs Backyard Aquaponics installations for people 157 1534 Dec 30th , ' 15 , 17:48 FishyFill
BYAP Distributor Systems Systems supplied and installed by distributors of Backyard Aquaponics systems and components .
Moderator : editors 5 42 Jan 13th , ' 17 , 15:27 DaSnoop
Buy , Sell , Swap or Trade Looking for any equipment or fish ?
Do you have any excess fish or an old tank your not using , here 's the place to post it .
Moderator : editors 1002 8592 Sep 30th , ' 20 , 14:19 Matthew
Systems
These sections are not just free advertising space for peoples businesses , they are for the benefit of board members to help find equipment .
Please keep this in mind when posting in these areas .
Anyone considered to be taking undue advantage of these areas may have posts deleted without warning .
Moderator : editors 44 324 Feb 13th , ' 18 , 22:50 boss
Hardware
These sections are not just free advertising space for peoples businesses , they are for the benefit of board members to help find equipment .
Please keep this in mind when posting in these areas .
Anyone considered to be taking undue advantage of these areas may have posts deleted without warning .
Moderator : editors 102 849 Aug 18th , ' 20 , 23:27 Purpledino
Fish
These sections are not just free advertising space for peoples businesses , they are for the benefit of board members to help find equipment .
Please keep this in mind when posting in these areas .
Anyone considered to be taking undue advantage of these areas may have posts deleted without warning .
Moderator : editors 83 760 Apr 30th , ' 20 , 19:56 MasterCATZ
Anni Rossi is a violinist violist & singer that hails from Minnesota .
She has such an amazing voice and presence .
Her debut album entitled Rockwell was released this March on 4AD Records .
She has recently released the video for the single entitled " The West Coast " .
The song itself is truly amazing .
I 'm guessing Anni did her on violin viola work for the song which definitely helps re-produce the going home / new beginnings type vibe .
String instruments tend to do that for me when played the say she plays them .
You will love Anni after hearing / seeing this song .
Check out the video below :
Shipping my life and my belongings .
On a road trip that turns in to going home ....
PORT -OF - SPAIN , Trinidad — President Barack Obama is extending a friendly hand -- literally -- to America 's neighbors in the Western Hemisphere .
At a summit in Trinidad , Obama is offering a new beginning for U.S. - Cuba relations and even exchanging greetings with Venezuela 's leftist president .
Venezuela 's Hugo Chavez once likened former President George W. Bush to the devil .
But on Saturday morning , Chavez shook Obama 's hand , patted him on the shoulder and gave him a book about Latin America 's exploitation by foreign powers .
Obama is at the Summit of the Americas discussing energy , security and other issues with other leaders .
© Copyright 2009 Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .
It ’s hot .
It ’s crowded .
And it ’s one of the most raucuous space parties astronomers have ever seen .
A research team using a combination of three powerful telescopes is spilling the beans on the galaxy cluster MACSJ0717.5+3745 ( MACSJ0717 for short ) , located about 5.4 billion light years from Earth .
The wild system contains four separate galaxy clusters undergoing a triple merger — the first time such a phenomenon has been documented — and that ’s just the beginning .
Galaxy clusters are the largest objects bound by gravity in the Universe .
Using data from NASA ’s Chandra X-ray Observatory , Hubble Space Telescope and the Keck Observatory on Mauna Kea , Hawaii , astronomers were able to determine the three - dimensional geometry and motion in MACSJ0717 .
Its 13 - million - light - year - long stream of galaxies , gas and dark matter — known as a filament — is pouring into a region already full of galaxies .
Like a freeway of cars emptying into a full parking lot , this flow of galaxies has caused one collision after another .
“ In addition to this enormous pileup , MACSJ0717 is also remarkable because of its temperature , ” said lead author Cheng - Jiun Ma , of the University of Hawaii .
“ Since each of these collisions releases energy in the form of heat , MACS0717 has one of the highest temperatures ever seen in such a system . ”
While the filament leading into MACJ0717 had been previously discovered , these results show for the first time that it was the source of this galactic pummeling .
The evidence is two - fold .
First , by comparing the position of the gas and clusters of galaxies , the researchers tracked the direction of clusters ’ motions , which matched the orientation of the filament in most cases .
Secondly , the largest hot region in MACSJ0717 is where the filament intersects the cluster , suggesting ongoing impacts .
“ MACSJ0717 shows how giant galaxy clusters interact with their environment on scales of many millions of light years , ” said team member Harald Ebeling , also from the University of Hawaii .
“ This is a wonderful system for studying how clusters grow as material falls into them along filaments . ”
Computer simulations show that the most massive galaxy clusters should grow in regions where large - scale filaments of intergalactic gas , galaxies , and dark matter intersect , and material falls inward along the filaments .
“ It ’s exciting that the data we get from MACSJ0717 appear to beautifully match the scenario depicted in the simulations , ” said Ma .
In the future , Ma and his team hope to use even deeper X - ray data to measure the temperature of gas over the full 13 - million - light - year extent of the filament .
Much remains to be learned about the properties of hot gas in filaments and whether infall along these structures can significantly heat the gas in clusters over large scales .
“ This is the most spectacular and most disturbed cluster I have ever seen , ” says Ma , “ and we think that we can learn a whole lot more from it about how structure in our Universe grows and evolves . ”
The paper describing these results appeared in the March 10 issue of Astrophysical Journal Letters .
Source : Harvard University ’s Chandra site .
More information can be found at NASA ’s Chandra site , and the paper is available here .
Before you rush out and buy that brand new iPhone 3G S , consider the suggestions here .
For some iPhone 3G owners , the 3G S may be unnecessary .
For those who simply cannot wait read on , because there are ways to minimize the overall cost of the upgrade .
In fact , you may even turn a profit .
The iPhone 3G S will be subsidized by AT&T for qualified customers ( $ 199 for the 16 GB model and $ 299 for the 32 GB model ) .
Unfortunately , if you currently own an iPhone 3G you are not a qualified customer because you entered into a two - year contract with AT&T last year .
Unsubsidized , the iPhone 3G S is priced at an exorbitant $ 599 and $ 699 ( plus the $ 18 setup fee ) .
AT&T is probably not going to alter its stance on the matter because , like it or not , offering subsidized phones only to new customers is standard industry practice .
If you are an existing iPhone 3G owner , and do not have money to burn , consider all your options after the jump .
Early Termination
You can cancel your AT&T account and immediately open a new one , qualifying for the subsidized iPhone 3G S prices .
AT&T permits its customers to terminate their contracts early for a fee of $ 175 .
This fee is pro-rated :
Under your AT&T contract the termination fee is reduced by $ 5 per month of the contract completed .
For example , for those of you who bought your iPhone and renewed your plan in July 2008 your termination is approximately $ 120 ( $ 175 - $ 55 = $ 120 ) since you probably have completed approximately eleven months of your contract .
Aside from the pro-rated fee , AT&T imposes no other penalties for cancellation .
Current iPhone 3G owners may cancel their contract and immediately re-enter into a new two - year contract with AT&T .
According to a June 10 , 2009 phone conversation with an AT&T representative , rumors that AT&T requires a sixty day period to reopen an account after early termination are not true .
Moreover , the AT&T representative further explained that you can even keep your old phone number so long as you create your new account within sixty days of canceling your original account .
Note — when asked for a source to reference the AT&T representative admitted that this information is not available online .
After a direct inquiry , an official AT&T spokesman stated that early cancellation is inconvenient and may be subject to extra fees and a new number — but confirmed that accounts are not frozen for sixty days .
The only other caveat is that AT&T store representatives are not always up to speed with their own policies and procedures and are notoriously incompetent .
As of the date of this article , AT&T representatives have confirmed that this is their policy regarding early contractual termination , therefore , be prepared to confirm with your AT&T representative that he / she knows how to ensure that you will keep your old number upon entering into a new contract .
If they do not — find a representative who does .
If you choose this option you are looking at adding approximately $ 120 to AT&T ’s subsidized prices as well as the $ 18 account setup fee that AT&T charges .
Your overall cost for the 16GB iPhone 3G S should be approximately $ 337 and the 32 GB $ 437 — a saving of $ 262 in both cases .
Once you get your new account and iPhone 3G S you should consider further subsidizing your purchase by selling your old iPhone 3G .
Subsidize Your 3G S with Your 3G
You can further subsidize your iPhone 3G S by selling your old iPhone 3G on the open market .
If you ’re lucky , you ’ll get up to $ 400 — making a $ 60 PROFIT on upgrading to the iPhone 3G S. Even if you do not go through the hassle of termination , you should probably still sell your old iPhone .
Each strategy has its benefits .
Terminating your contract and subsidizing your iPhone 3G S saves you the most money , but you will be stuck in another two - year contract .
Paying full price and subsidizing your iPhone 3G S does not require that you incur any new contractual obligations , but it is more expensive .
At the moment , there are hundreds of people looking to buy and sell iPhones on Craigslist .
Even after Apple ’s most recent price cut , the unsubsidized iPhone 3G is priced at $ 499 .
Depending on size , condition , and location , you can expect to get anywhere between $ 200 and $ 400 for your iPhone 3G .
If you plan on subsidizing your iPhone 3G S , consider the following :
Use Your Warranty .
First , read this article about getting the most out of your one - year warranty .
Although you may not know it , your iPhone 3G may be defective .
If you are able to identify a defect , you should take your iPhone 3G into the Apple Store to get it replaced .
If you get it replaced , you are going to be selling a shiny new iPhone 3G , not one that has a year ’s worth of wear and tear .
You will undoubtedly have an easier time finding a buyer and that buyer will probably pay a higher price .
Add AppleCare .
Second , if you have AppleCare , great .
Be sure to mention it in your advertisement .
If you do not have AppleCare , you should consider asking your buyer if they are interested in AppleCare .
Remember , you can add AppleCare onto any Apple product at any point during the first year of its life .
Since July 11 , 2009 has not yet come around you can extend the warranty by another two years through AppleCare .
It costs $ 69 and is fully transferrable to future owners .
The only catch is that you will need to notify Apple of the transfer .
Notification is very simple and instructions for the transfer can be found in Section 6 of the AppleCare Plan for the iPhone .
With AppleCare protection , whoever buys your iPhone 3G can rest assured that it is completely protected .
Find a Buyer .
Third , find a buyer .
Ideally , a friend is your best candidate .
Otherwise , be patient and use Craigslist if possible .
If you can conduct the transaction locally you will save money on shipping and avoid other expenses or complications .
If you still have them , get all of your original boxing and documentation together .
Clean up your iPhone 3G and photograph it for the Craigslist posting .
If you just got the iPhone 3G replaced due to a defect ; be sure to mention that fact .
If you currently have AppleCare , be sure to advertise that .
If you do not have AppleCare , be sure to mention the option ( reference the fact that Apple permits transfer ) .
Create your Craigslist advertisement and wait .
Hopefully you will find a buyer .
Be Smart .
Fourth , be honest to the buyer and be safe .
You do not want to get into legal trouble for fraudulent misrepresentations regarding the condition of your iPhone 3G .
If you are open and candid with potential buyers they will be more likely to feel comfortable and follow through with the transaction .
For your own safety , make sure that you choose a public location because you will most likely conduct the transaction face - to - face .
Arrange to meet in front of your local Apple Store during daylight hours .
This would be ideal because 1 ) it is a public place ; 2 ) the buyer can verify the existence of the AppleCare Plan ; 3 ) the two of you could probably even use the Apple Store ’s computers ( the ones on display ) to effectuate the transfer of the AppleCare Plan via email ( [ email protected ] with subject heading : ATTN : Agreement Administration ) .
Cash Only .
Finally , cash is king .
Be careful when accepting checks and money orders .
Make it clear to your buyer how you expect to receive payment .
If your buyer shows up with a payment method other than what you had agreed upon , beware .
If you take the time to sell your iPhone 3G you can hope to recoup up to $ 400 .
If you successfully terminate your account and get a great price by selling a recently replaced iPhone 3G , with a little luck , you may even make some money .
Skip the Hardware — Upgrade Your Software
You will save the most money by simply waiting until your contract has been in effect for eighteen months .
Remember , the iPhone 3G S is not a huge upgrade from the iPhone 3G and , therefore , you may simply want to wait until Apple releases the next line of iPhones ( probably in about a year ) .
There are relatively few differences between the iPhone 3G and the iPhone 3G S. Most of the new improvements will be coming from the iPhone 3.0 software , not the iPhone 3G S .
In fact , it is somewhat misleading that Apple advertises some of the features that will be available to all iPhones through the 3.0 software as being features of the iPhone 3G S. Many of the improvements listed on Apple ’s iPhone 3G S website are actually features of the iPhone 3.0 software , not the iPhone 3G S .
Some of the most talked about features such as landscape keyboard , cut , copy , and paste , MMS ( not even available until the end of the summer for AT&T users ) , voice memos , and many other improvements will be fully available to your regular iPhone 3G or 2G on June 17 , 2009 .
All you need to do is download and install the free 3.0 update through iTunes .
The only new features of the 3G S are : improved battery , improved processor ( note that the 3.0 software should improve your iPhone 3 G ’s performance such that you may not find upgrading to the 3G S necessary ) , a new 3 - megapixel camera ( one more megapixel than before ) , video recording , voice control , and a compass .
For those of you that are strapped for time and cash , the wait - and - see approach is ideal as you may find that the features of the new iPhone 3G S are simply not worth the expense or effort .
You may find yourself perfectly happy with the 3.0 software upgrade .
The software upgrade is free for all iPhones .
There is a nominal fee for iPod Touch users .
If you are looking to buy an iPhone 3G S because you have been experiencing problems with your current model , you may find that a warranty replacement coupled with the new 3.0 software does the trick .
Each week , the Camera ’s editorial board will post the topic of an upcoming editorial and solicit thoughts and opinions from you , the reader .
The topic will be posted here Wednesdays and open for commenting through noon Fridays .
The Camera ’s editorial board will weigh those comments in reaching its opinion on the issue .
You must be registered at www.dailycamera.com to post a comment .
Keep your opinions reasoned , pithy and professional .
No personal attacks , please .
This week ’s question :
A pro-pot student group is holding a three - day symposium in Boulder starting this weekend , leading up to the annual 4/20 campus “ smoke outâ session on Monday .
The talks and event are aimed at the decriminalization of marijuana , which many people think is a drug that should remain illegal .
What do you think ?
France might be just across the English Channel from Britain , but Emma Jane Kirby says both nations are still prone to the pitfalls of linguistic misunderstandings .
The 65th anniversary of the World War II D - Day landings took place in France Last weekend , standing on Pegasus bridge in Normandy for the D - Day celebrations , I was touched to see two classes of French primary school children singing the British national anthem in honour of the veterans .
As I went closer , I realised with delight that while they had got the tune off pat , the words were just slightly off the mark .
Standing tall and proud , the children were calling on the Almighty to " sieve the Queen and her setter , Victoria . "
It took me straight back to my own school days when I had learned to sing the nursery rhyme Frere Jacques .
For many years I had warned Frere Jacques to wake up not because the morning bells were ringing ( sonnez les matines ) , but because there was " sunny semolina " to be had .
' Yoghurting '
Even in your own language , it is difficult to catch accurately the words of a song if they are not written down in front of you , and in France , which imports most of its music from the US or UK , there is even a word for the appropriation of lyrics .
It is " yaourt " , or " to yoghurt " .
You start singing confidently ... and then trail off into inarticulate " yoghurting " when your lexicon runs dry .
As far as I understand it , so long as you look slightly pained and shut your eyes while you yoghurt , you seem to get away with it .
' I Want to Break Free ' or ' I Want a Steak Frites ' ?
Some years ago , an Irish friend of mine was on a French exchange in Paris and was hanging out with some of the local teenagers .
Desperate to impress her , they began to reel off their repertoire of English songs .
They said their favourite was a hit by Queen that they had picked up on the radio - I believe the original version was called I Want to Break Free - but unfortunately , the boys knew only the yoghurt version .
Although retaining the original passion , it had lost a little of the sense .
It went : I Want a Steak Frites , I Want a Steak Frites .
' Simply hysterical ' Mispronunciations can have embarrassing consequences .
A French friend of mine , preparing a few snacks to hand round at an English drinks party , implored her guests to help themselves to nipples .
My father once returned from a trip to France complaining bitterly that the French had just laughed at him when he had tried to ask for directions to the railway station .
British acquaintance was struck when he arrived in France by how much the French seemed to talk about Johnny Marr , the Smiths ' guitarist
A few probing questions revealed that he had not asked for la gare at all - he had asked for la guerre ( the war ) - and the locals were simply hysterical at the idea of this white - haired , would - be combatant showing up for duty 65 years too late .
But it can happen to the best of us .
Madame de Gaulle was said to have been lunching with the American ambassador at the time of her husband 's retirement when she was asked what she was most looking forward to in the years ahead .
She thought for a moment before announcing boldly : " A penis " .
A startled hush fell over the table until the former president leant over and said : " My dear , I think it 's pronounced ' happiness ' . "
Speak in French , wrote Lewis Carroll in Through the Looking Glass , when you cannot remember the English for a thing .
But there are many faux amis ( false friends ) to be wary of in English and French .
' Slip of the ear '
You can flatter a French woman by telling she looks formidable in her new dress , but tell an English woman she looks formidable in her new frock and she will quickly go and change .
The French language is littered with faux amis
And that one wrong word can do untold damage .
In English , looking and watching are two different things .
In French , one word - regarder - will cover you for both .
My American friend Janet , on holiday in Montana with her French husband Eddy , suggested he wandered around the shops while she tried on her zillionth pair of shoes .
After a few minutes spent in a bed linen store he was approached by the female assistant who asked him if he needed any help .
" No thanks , I am just watching , " he smiled , and was puzzled as she backed off slowly , desperately fumbling for her phone .
The other day I was reading an article in a French newspaper about how we regularly mishear words , particularly in foreign languages , and how that completely changes our comprehension of the conversation .
The writer spoke of a British acquaintance of his who was struck when he arrived in France by how much the French seemed to talk about Johnny Marr , the Smiths ' guitarist .
Until the writer realised what his friend was actually hearing was " J'en ai marre ( I 'm sick of it ) " .
He went on in his article to inform his readers that the English even had a phrase for such a misunderstanding .
It was called , he said confidently , a " slip of the ear " .
How to listen to : From our own Correspondent Radio 4 : Saturdays , 1130 .
Second weekly edition on Thursdays , 1100 ( some weeks only ) World Service :
See programme schedules Download the podcast Listen on iPlayer Story by story at the programme website
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
ABU DHABI ( Reuters ) -
The world economy has avoided “ utter catastrophe ” and industrialized countries could register growth this year , Nobel Prize - winning economist Paul Krugman said on Monday .
Paul Krugman of the U.S. , winner of the Nobel Prize in Economics for 2008 , attends a news conference in Stockholm December 7 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Bob Strong
“ I will not be surprised to see world trade stabilize , world industrial production stabilize and start to grow two months from now , ” Krugman told a seminar .
“ I would not be surprised to see flat to positive GDP growth in the United States , and maybe even in Europe , in the second half of the year . ”
The Princeton professor and New York Times columnist has said he fears a decade - long slump like that experienced by Japan in the 1990s .
He has criticized the U.S. administration ’s bailout plan to persuade investors to help rid banks of up to $ 1 trillion in toxic assets as amounting to subsidized purchases of bad assets .
Speaking in UAE , the world ’s third - largest oil exporter , Krugman said Japan ’s solution of export - led growth would not work because the downturn has been global .
“ In some sense we may be past the worst but there is a big difference between stabilizing and actually making up the lost ground , ” he said .
“ We have averted utter catastrophe , but how do we get real recovery ?
“ We ca n’t all export our way to recovery .
There ’s no other planet to trade with .
So the road Japan took is not available to us all , ” Krugman said .
Global recovery could come about through more investment by major corporations , the emergence of a major technological innovation to match the IT revolution of the 1990s or government moves on climate change .
“ Legislation that will establish a cap - and - trade system for greenhouse gases ’ emissions is moving forward , ” he said , referring to the U.S. Congress .
“ When the Europeans probably follow suit , and the Japanese , and negotiations begin with developing countries to work them into the system , that will provide enormous incentive for businesses to start investing and prepare for the new regime on emissions ...
But that ’s a hope , that ’s not a certainty . ”
Eighty - nine Mexican free - tail bats were shot and left to die in an abandoned mine shaft near the Peralta Trailhead of the Superstition Mountains , authorities said Wednesday .
" This is a blatant example of disrespect for wildlife , and the laws that are established to protect the state 's wildlife , " Arizona Game and Fish wildlife manager Dana McGehee said in a statement .
" Unlawful killing of any wildlife is considered a major loss for the residents of Arizona and our wildlife resources . "
Authorities believe the bats were shot and left to die sometime between April 1 and Friday , and they are offering a $ 2,500 reward for information leading to suspects .
" We need help from the public to catch the suspects , " McGehee said .
" If you were in the area recently , please try to recall anything you might have seen or heard , or any conversations you may have had .
Someone may not realize he or she has the key to solving this case . "
Mexican free - tail bats are one of 28 species found in Arizona , Game and Fish officials said .
They are considered one of the most abundant mammal species in North America and are not protected by the Endangered Species Act .
However , they are considered a " species of concern " because populations in some areas have experienced dramatic declines largely attributed to use of pesticides .
According to Bat Conservation International , Bracken Cave near San Antonio has an estimated 20 million bats that consume an estimated 200 tons of insects a night .
Mother bats leave their young in the cave to hunt food at night and are able to recognize their pups from all the others by their distinct cries .
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan ( CNN ) --
A moderate Muslim cleric who denounced suicide attacks as forbidden by Islam was killed Friday in a suicide attack on his mosque in Lahore , authorities said .
A Pakistani rescue worker works outside a damaged room of Jamia Naimia religious school .
Sarfraz Ahmed Naeemi was the first imam in Pakistan to issue a fatwa , or religious edict , against suicide attacks in Pakistan .
On Friday , a suicide bomber approached Naeemi as he left the Jamia Naimia Mosque and religious school .
The bomber detonated his explosives , killing Naeemi and four others , police said .
Another 10 people were wounded in the attack .
Naeemi had recently received death threats because of his opposition to the Taliban and his support of the current Pakistani military offensive against Taliban militants , his son told local television .
It was one of two mosque bombings in Pakistan on Friday , which has suffered a series of attacks in the wake of its ongoing military campaign against Taliban militants .
A suicide car bomb exploded Friday at a mosque in a high security area of the Nowshera Military Cantonment near Peshawar in North West Frontier Province .
At least three people were killed and more than 50 others were injured , according to local police official Manzoor Hussain .
At least two of those killed were military personnel , a military source said .
The attack occurred just after Friday prayers , while many worshippers were still inside the mosque .
Most of those who pray at the Nowshera mosque are Pakistani military personnel .
Do n't Miss Bomb rips through Pakistan hotel
Many of the recent attacks by suspected Taliban militants have taken place in North West Frontier Province .
A suicide attacker detonated near a police checkpoint in Peshawar on Thursday night , killing one person and injuring at least 12 others , police said .
Peshawar is the capital of North West Frontier Province , where a coordinated suicide attack targeted an upscale hotel earlier this week , killing nine people .
The attackers shot their way onto the grounds of the Pearl Continental Hotel , which is often frequented by foreigners and diplomats , and set off a vehicle bomb on Tuesday .
Two United Nations employees were among those killed .
Pakistan 's military has stepped up its offensive on Taliban militants in the Bannu district of North West Frontier Province , which a military spokesman said is a " notorious hideout " for militants .
The military on Thursday dropped leaflets over parts of Bannu district , warning civilians to leave in the wake of its operation .
The Bannu offensive has resulted in the deaths of 34 " terrorists , " while three others were apprehended , the military said Thursday .
One civilian was killed in a militant rocket attack in the city of Bannu , according to the military .
Pakistan 's military began its operation to clear militants from the district after tribes in the region refused to hand over those responsible for the abduction of dozens of Razmak Cadet College students , who were seized along with their relatives and teachers on May 29 , military spokesman Maj .
Gen. Athar Abbas told CNN .
One of the tribes , Jani Khel , has also been linked to numerous militant attacks on military bases in the Bannu area , Abbas said .
He described Bannu as a " known and notorious hideout " for militants .
The Jani Khel tribe is located in the area of Bannu where the military dropped leaflets warning residents to leave .
Military sources have also expressed concerns that the tribe may have helped plan a series of recent attacks on civilian targets in North West Frontier Province .
Residents in the province 's Upper Dir district continued their assault on Taliban fighters with the support of the Pakistan military , a police official said Wednesday .
Outraged over Friday 's mosque bombing in Upper Dir , residents formed a " lashkar , " or militia , to fight the Taliban .
CNN 's Thomas Evans , Ingrid Formanek and Journalist Nasir Habib contributed to this report .
Everyone has to live somewhere , even in video games .
Give people total control over what they can do and build in a video game , and you ’ll get porn , lots of porn .
But the second thing people are going to get working on is player housing .
Mostly to store their video game porn collections .
Fallout 3 is no exception to this rule , and while the game itself offers two fine little hovels to while away the apocalypse in , that ’s just not enough for those who desire more in life than a hole out of the rain .
We ’re talking style , design , wall art , and a comfy bed that is n’t hopping with lice like those ruins down near Megaton .
Take a look at this collection of unique and interesting lairs for your wasteland wanderer , all courtesy of the Fallout 3 modding community .
The boring need not apply .
Got a taste for heights ?
Why not try out the Movin ’ On Up mod , and get yourself a deluxe apartment in the sky .
Okay , really it ’s a bunch of trailers slapped into the dead skeleton of a skyscraper , but hey , check out that view !
Waterfront property , Fallout style .
If you ’ve got more bikinis in your inventory than bullets in your guns , you ’ll want to take a look at this Lake House mod .
Just a little post - nuclear cabin by the water , with planks out into the lake .
Perfect for photo shoots and fashion shows .
This one might not work with the latest patches , though , so watch yourself .
Looking to simplify your living arrangements ?
How about a truck and a shack ?
This Caravan house is just that .
No weapons , no god-items , no pathing nightmares as your dozen modded companions trip over each other and cram you into a corner with the rats .
Just a place for your stuff .
This one ’s also good for photo shoots , oddly enough .
Then there ’s the roomie option .
Ever consider moving in with someone else ?
Like , say , Eulogy ?
He ’s got a nice pad , some good friends , and has a thing for parties .
Why not stop by and meet the ladies at the Eulogy Redux housing mod ?
Though , I must say , the mod author seems to hold an odd fondness for broken hockey masks .
Then again , he also has a love of dancing girls and who can say no to that ?
Ever wonder where that minigun goes when you ’re not hosing down some poor bastard raider and his pathetic little baseball bat ?
It goes off to a non-dimensional space , of course .
Ever consider living there ?
Dimensional Storage is a mod that gives you a little place of your own out in hyperspace , and a teleport gizmo to get there and back .
Screw the lore , walking sucks .
BAMF !
Oh , and did I mention the Alien Mothership ?
Yeah , there ’s one of those .
Another teleport gizmo gets you there , found in the wreckage of the alien landing down in the wasteland .
The Dukov Project is an interesting housing mod .
In this one , you hook up with a guy who has a place , and the place has some charm to it .
Artwork , sculptures , lighting .
Oh , and girls .
Two girls .
Who you can get with .
If you ’re bored with the same ol ’ vault corridors , then try this housing mod and bring some personality into your game .
Did I mention the girls ?
Finally , if you ’re in the market for truly unique homes , you ’ll love this one .
It ’s the Statue of Liberty .
Maritime shipping is responsible for emitting 3 % of global carbon emissions , roughly equal to air travel and more than most nations .
Worse than that , however , is the fact that most oceangoing vessels burn heavy fuel oil ( aka bunker fuel ) , the heavy sludge that ’s left after every other useful product has been refined from petroleum .
Bunker fuel emits a truly massive amount of nitrogen oxide compounds ( NOx ) and , due to its high sulfur content , a huge amount of sulfur dioxide ( SO 2 ) .
According to the International Council on Clean Transportation , one of the ways to reduce emissions at port was to implement “ shore - side electricity ” in port .
This enables a suitably equipped shipping vessel to operate off of comparably clean electricity instead of extremely dirty bunker fuel .
And according to an article last week in the Long Beach Press - Telegram , the first supertanker with a shore - side electricity retrofit pulled into the Port of Long Beach and plugged in .
According to the article , the British Petroleum supertanker Alaska Navigator had to be retrofitted to operate its oil pumps off electricity instead of the bunker fuel - burning auxiliary engines , and it cost the Port of Long Beach $ 24 million to produce the electrified pier .
But the payoff is in the 10,000 gallons of bunker fuel per day that are n’t being burned while the supertanker is in port .
The article claims that this saves the equivalent of 30 tons of NOx emissions ( roughly equivalent to 187,000 cars ) every time the Alaska Navigator – or the other electrified supertankers that will visit the port each month – puts in to offload its petroleum cargo .
And this is just the start – Long Beach is electrifying piers for other shipping vessels as well , as is the Port of Los Angeles .
But as Long Beach Harbor Commission President Jim Hankla says in the article , “ Ultimately , this all is n’t going to make much difference if the technology is n’t adopted on a global scale . ”
Maybe national governments should consider regulations that require shipping vessels and ports to do just that .
— — —-
Most companies do n’t mention climate change in annual reports
According to a new study by EDF , CERES , and CEES , most major companies do n’t discuss climate change in their annual reports .
According to the study , only 23.7 % of companies in the S&P500 even mentioned climate change .
Of the sectors that the study looked at , utilities discussed climate change the most often , followed by energy companies and then materials companies .
The three worst sectors were financial , consumer products , with IT / telecommunications coming in dead last .
All of these sectors have their own impacts on climate change .
Utilities generate our electricity and heat , energy companies drill and mine , materials companies make the plastics and metal that build our civilization .
As such , these sectors have the most obvious exposure to climate risks .
But telecommunications companies operate massive switching centers while IT companies have large data centers that each use as much electricity as 25,000 homes .
Add a significant price per ton to carbon and the price for energy consumed by the data centers and central offices could skyrocket without a massive and simultaneous rollout of energy efficient servers and data storage .
There are other risks , though , to all of the sectors in the S&P500 study .
The financial sector , composed of banks and insurers , has risks to investments made by banks and risks due to loss of property from extreme weather for insurers .
Consumer products rely on natural resources that could become scarce or expensive , and many inexpensive goods rely on international shipping .
Any number of industries that rely on access to water , energy , and raw materials will find themselves similarly at risk .
The ultimate conclusion of the study is that the “ material ” risks to companies as a result of climate change largely are n’t being disclosed .
This prevents customers and investors from making intelligent decisions about what companies to support with their purchases and investment dollars .
There was one significant bright point in the study , however – the percentage of companies mentioning climate change in their latest annual report was the highest yet measured , and it nearly doubled between 2007 and 2008 .
— — —-
Scotch distilleries to cut fossil fuel use
According to a BBC story , the Scotch Whisky Association distilleries have pledged to cut their fossil fuel use by 80 % over the next 40 years .
The story claims that most of the gains will be in the use of renewable electricity and energy efficiency .
The Association plans to make its industry more sustainable through a number of other measures as well .
These include light - weight packaging and bottles , reduced landfill usage , water discharge management , and using sustainable oak for casks .
As Richard Dixon of WWF Scotland pointed out in the article , “ ” Since the whisky industry relies on Scotland ’s clean environment for its main ingredients it is important the industry takes steps to reduce its potential impacts . ”
Sustainability – one more reason to enjoy your scotch .
— — —-
Videos show human effects on Earth
Last week ,
Wired put up a set of short videos taken by the NASA Earth Observatory , a cobbled - together but still very impressive camera system aboard the International Space Station .
These videos show the effects of human activity on the Earth and range from the drying up of the Aral Sea and Lake Powell to the growth of urbanization of Dubai to the restoration of salt marshes in southern Iraq .
They ’re impressive for what they show about how much humans can do the Earth and how quickly things can change .
— — —-
Dependence is dependence , be it energy or minerals
According to an interesting NYTimes / Greenwire article , touting energy independence via renewable sources may trade one type of dependence for another , specifically imported minerals .
Most renewable energy sources have some requirement for minerals that are either not widely available , or are not presently mined in any significant amount , in the United States .
The article points out that photovoltaic panels need minerals that are largely supplied by nations in Africa , China , and Russia .
Most rare - earth minerals that are used in battery , efficient light bulb , and wind turbine manufacture are available , but not presently mined , in the US , but 97 % of them come from China .
The USGS has an old publication that discusses some of the issues with rare earth metals and their uses in technology .
“ When you think about these dependencies — and think about hybrid vehicles as an example — the use of hybrid vehicles … is an attempt to minimize dependence on Middle Eastern crude oil , ” Mark Smith , CEO of rare - earth miner Molycorp Minerals , said .
“ But think about what we ’re doing here , if that ’s the purpose .
We ’re trading one dependence for another . ”
Is it wise to trade dependence on the Middle East for oil with dependence on Russia and China for the rare - earth minerals required for the creation of clean energy sources ?
This adds another level of complexity to an already horrendously complex set of equations .
And just as there will certainly be difficult trade - offs to be made between the conservation of species and wild lands vs. clean energy generation and transmission , there will also be tradeoffs between conservation and mining the very elements required for our technology .
Image credits :
Diandra Jay , Long Beach Press - Telegram
Standard & Poors
USGS
Susie and Aretha Bright believe that mother - daughter teamwork is the answer - or maybe the last resort - for all sex advice needs .
Questions for Susie & Aretha ?
Send them to sexperts@jezebel.com .
This week : pubic shaving niceties ; virginity or not - to - be .
Advertisement
Dear Aretha & Susie :
I 'm a 19 - year - old guy who 's been with my girlfriend for four years .
The sex is great - she 's willing and more then able - but her lack of personal grooming is an issue .
She does woman - scape , but very little .
I love giving her oral sex but her hair has got to go !
What can I do to get her to clean up ?
Advertisement
- Hair Freeman
Aretha :
If you have the nerve to ask your lover to shave , be prepared .
It 's on the level of " you need to lose weight . "
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 " 8 K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
There is no asking " nicely . "
Susie :
What does " woman - scape " mean ?
Aretha : Shaving !
Susie :
How can their sex be " great " and he " loves " going down on her , but then he gets uptight about something as trivial as her hair ?
If he has an erection , how bad can it be ?
Advertisement
I wonder if he 's planning to get out a camera .
Aretha :
The only way it 's going to happen is if he says something - and she 's not going to like it .
Advertisement
Susie :
Well , what if he said , " Would you shave ME ? "
- Make it into his kinky fantasy , and maybe she 'll join in the dare .
It would n't be a " self - esteem " issue .
Aretha :
No , she 's smart , she 'll see right through that .
If my boyfriend said to me , " Let 's shave ! "
I 'd say , " WHY . "
If he said , " It would turn me on , " - I 'd say , " OH REALLY . "
Advertisement
Susie :
What 's so ridiculous is that there 's a lot more guys who get off on even the slightest glimpse of pubic hair …
Aretha :
Then how come do n't hear guys talking about the hotness of pubic hair , only tits and ass ?
Advertisement
Susie :
It 's bravado … how many people say their real sexual preferences in public ?
Most guys are n't Adrian Colesberry .
Aretha :
To be honest , if I were her lover , I can imagine having my preferences about her pubic hair … but if she is n't the type of girl who 's already waxing or shaving , then she 's not that type - leave it alone . "
Advertisement
If you stop going down on her all of sudden , that 's trouble too .
She 'll know something 's up .
Susie : I just noticed … you two have been going out for four years - why is it a problem NOW ?
You would think you'd be so close at this point that anything could come up ; you could say anything .
Advertisement
Aretha :
If you made it through high school , the worst is over - you oughta be able to talk about pubic hair by now .
Dear Aretha & Susie :
I 've been in a relationship for over three years , and for the past year we 've been talking about getting married .
Since these conversations started , my boyfriend started to expect different things of me sexually .
He gets upset if I use " dirty " words like cock , pussy , or fuck .
He said , " The mother of my future children does n't talk like that . "
Advertisement
We 're having less sex , and the sex we do have is more vanilla .
I like vanilla sex , but I would like it more frequently .
I 'm afraid that he is n't seeing me as a sexual person anymore .
If we do get married , I wonder if this will lead him to cheat .
One of the things that I liked about our relationship before , was that we had a great sexual connection - and he told me over and over how important sex is to him .
So if he can't get it from me , will he look elsewhere ?
Help !
— Unhappy Angel in the House
Susie : I would n't want him to be the father of my children , that 's for sure .
Aretha :
You 're worried about him cheating ; I 'm more worried about about how controlling he is .
He 's " Madonna - fying " you .
Advertisement
Susie :
And you obviously do n't want the prayer candle , you want your hot man back .
I do n't relish saying this , but what if he 's already cheating on you ?
His libido did n't just disappear .
Where did his sex drive go ?
Aretha :
Anyone who says " The Mother of My Children Does n't ... " - Deal breaker .
Dear Aretha and Susie :
I 'm 18 , almost 19 .
I 'm a virgin , but have been hooking up with a friend of mine named Andy for a few months .
It recently went as far as mutual hand jobs and phalanges - penetration .
He says he absolutely does not want a relationship .
I know that our " arrangement " is not exclusive .
Advertisement
I would be very comfortable losing my virginity to him , but I 'm stuck on the fact that I WOULD want a relationship .
He 's been with five or six girls already .
I 'm afraid my virginity wo n't mean anything to him .
I do n't want it to mean " Everything , " but I need it to mean " Something " to the other person , because it would certainly mean something to me .
Advertisement
The first time we hooked up , he told me , " If anything ever happens between us - and you need it to mean something , I can do that for you . "
Do you think I should go ahead and lose my virginity to my friend - and get on with my life ?
Or should I wait until I find someone I 'm comfortable around who actually wants a relationship ?
Advertisement
- Marguerite
Aretha :
He says he can " do " this for you ?
That does n't sound too generous .
I 'm not getting a good impression .
Advertisement
I 've gone through this before - you 're in a touchy situation , analyzing it all alone , and remembering " single sentences . "
You end up misleading yourself .
It does n't matter what he said when you first hooked up - it 's different now .
Susie : I need a break from the romantic angst .
Does he make you horny , as opposed to " comfortable ? "
When you make out with him , are you dying to do more ?
I can't emphasize how much that will make a difference in terms of your first time with him .
Advertisement
If you have great sex , you 'll always be glad of that experience , even if the two of you do n't ride off into the sunset .
But if you have mediocre sex with Mr. Aloof , you will either get more hung - up on the unrequited romance , or you will tire of him .
BTW , Mr. Andy does n't know what he 'll feel like after he makes love with you - all this " planning " is rubbish .
It 's not that much under anyone 's control .
Advertisement
Aretha : I do n't care what he " says . "
It will mean something to him ; it always does .
Susie : Virginity is wildly overrated .
Aretha : I agree with you about the virginity hype from a feminist p.o.v.- but virginity meant something to me - and it still seems important for most people .
It 's already SOMETHING for her ; you can't argue that away .
Advertisement
Susie :
But what is that " something " ?
It 's obviously not about her hymen OR the true meaning of love OR the definitive erotic moment .
I 'd love her to read Greta Christina 's " Are We Having Sex Now or Not ? " - Mandatory reading for " virgins . "
Ex-virgins , too .
Marguerite , follow your gut .
If you know you 're going to be heartbroken , forget it .
Get those " phalanges " out of your life .
Advertisement
Susie 's newest and 31st book is Bitten .
She blogs at susiebright.com and podcasts about sex and politics weekly on : In Bed With Susie Bright .
Aretha is eating Indian Pizza in San Francisco and it is good .
Laws
I. Introduction
The Islamic Republic of Iran has frequently responded to criticisms of its international behavior or human rights record by trumpeting the democratic aspects of the regime , especially its parliamentary and presidential elections .
On the surface , and in comparison to most states in the Middle East , the claim appears credible .
Elections for the Majlis ( Parliament ) and the presidency are held regularly and attract numerous candidates .
There are even campaign rallies and other symbols of electoral politics .
A closer look , however , reveals that Iran 's elections violate numerous principles of international law and democratic governance .
By constraining political parties , restricting permissible candidates , and coercing citizens to vote when they would otherwise refrain , Iran 's elections are in many ways an improved version of the sham elections held by the Soviet Union and other self - styled People 's Republics during the Cold War .
With a combination of restrictive election laws and an unaccountable body that vets all political candidates , the Islamic Republic of Iran has effectively curtailed its citizens ' right to participate in the political process and forfeited any right to be classified as a democracy .
This is especially apparent when Iran 's electoral system is contrasted to those in Malaysia and Pakistan , two Muslim - majority nations with regular elections .
Regardless of their application , an assessment of the relevant election statutes makes clear that Iran 's laws and limitations on candidates and political parties is much more exclusionary than those of either Malaysia and Pakistan .
II .
Democracy , Elections & International Law
Elections in international law are an element of the law of democracy .
Until relatively recently , international law did not have much to say with regard to democracy .
In fact , as late as 1987 it could be written that " international law does not generally address domestic constitutional issues , such as how a national government is formed , " hardly surprising , given the centrality of state sovereignty in that corpus of law .
[ 1 ]
Nonetheless , underneath this bedrock tenet , the seeds of change planted by the international tribunals in Nuremberg and Tokyo that followed World War II had begun to bloom .
As the individual - especially his treatment by government - and not just the state , was afforded a more prominent role in international law , it was only a matter of time before the individual 's function in the internal governance of the state would be of consequence .
Though the law of democracy is not yet a fully self - contained component of international law , there has been an undeniable process , based in parts on custom and the collective interpretation of treaties , towards a right to " democratic governance . "
[ 2 ]
The transformation of democracy from an ideal to a growing requirement of international law was aided by the end of communism in the Soviet Union and Eastern Europe and can be traced to three separate , yet interrelated legal developments : self - determination , freedom of expression , and , free and open elections .
It is within this framework that the proper standards and conditions for elections have been formed .
A. Historical Development
The first and most important concept was that of self - determination , which after World War II " became the most dynamic concept of international relations . " [ 3 ]
The right of self - determination empowers a " people organized in an established territory to determine its collective political destiny in a democratic fashion . " [ 4 ]
This right was prominently enshrined in the Charter of the United Nations ( UN ) , where the " self - determination of peoples " ranks behind only international peace in importance of objectives .
[ 5 ]
From a mostly theoretical shell , self - determination quickly developed a substantive form with the decolonization of former imperial territories in Africa and Asia .
The UN , in particular , played a very active role in this process by administering territories in trust and monitoring elections leading to independence .
Self - determination further developed with the ratification of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights ( ICCPR ) in 1967 .
The ICCPR is regarded as the most important and authoritative instrument on international law and democracy .
The covenant was an important milestone in the evolution of an ‘ internal ' right to self - determination and contains the most detailed requirements of democracy .
Related to self - determination is the notion of popular sovereignty , the " most fundamental principle of democracy . " [ 6 ]
At its core , popular sovereignty requires " citizen consent to the exercise of coercive power within a state . " [ 7 ]
The conception of popular sovereignty - once strictly off - limits - has gained importance as the internal character of regimes , and has emerged as an appropriate focus of scrutiny under international law .
The fiction that whichever regime was in power spoke for the interests of the populations has been laid largely to rest .
[ 8 ]
Instead , some from of representative procedure is regarded as being essential to divining the will of the people .
The second component of the democratic governance in international law was the burgeoning commitment to free political expression .
Partly in response to the totalitarian nightmare of the 1930s and 1940s , the right to political expression became an important component of human rights law .
First mentioned in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights , [ 9 ] it acquired fuller expression in the ICCPR , which , in addition to furthering notions of self - determination and popular sovereignty , also set forth the rights and freedoms essential to a well - working democracy : freedom of assembly , association , movement , and speech .
The drafters emphasized the essential role of those political freedoms in Articles 19 ( right of conscience ) , 21 ( right of peaceful assembly ) , and 22 ( freedom of association ) for the full enjoyment of rights in Article 25 . [ 10 ]
Although each is important in its own right , together they create the open , pluralistic environment critical to a functioning representative democracy
The final prong in the evolving right to democratic governance is the " emerging normative requirement of a participatory electoral process . " [ 11 ]
Unsurprisingly , this was first alluded to in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights , which recognized the right of every individual to participate in the political life of the nation through " periodic and genuine elections which shall be by universal and equal suffrage and shall be held by secret vote or by equivalent free voting procedures . " [ 12 ]
The ICCPR went on to recognize the importance of elections , which lie at the " core of the democratic government based on the consent of the people . " [ 13 ]
The ideological conflicts of the Cold War , however , severely curtailed the application of this requirement .
With contested elections a reality only in North America , Western Europe , and isolated pockets in Asia and Africa , democratic governance was more of an aspiration than a requirement under international law .
This changed with the implosion of the Soviet Empire in 1989 - 1991 and the " Third Wave " of democratization that was taking place .
The number of countries with democratic political systems increased from 44 in 1972 , to 107 by 1993 . [ 14 ]
Elections were becoming an obligation .
In Nicaragua in 1990 , for the first time , the United Nations helped and monitor elections in a sovereign state not emerging from decolonization . [ 15 ]
This was followed a short time later by a UN monitoring presence in Haiti during October of 1990 .
Monitoring national elections is now an accepted activity of the UN , which , through its organs , regularly expresses support for notions of democratic legitimacy . [ 16 ]
This was affirmed by the UN General Assembly , which stressed " its conviction that periodic and genuine elections are a necessary and indispensable element of sustained efforts to protect the rights and interests of the governed " and that " determining the will of the people required an electoral process that provides an equal opportunity for all citizens to become candidates and put forward their political views . " [ 17 ]
B. Justifications
There are four principal justifications for incorporating democratic governance in international law . [ 18 ]
These justifications address both international law 's traditional focus on inter-state relations and the more recent concern with individual human rights .
The most obvious justification is the " perceived connection between competitive multiparty elections and the range of other international protected human rights . " [ 19 ]
What appears intuitively correct has been empirically born out .
A second , yet arguably more valid , justification is the link between democratization and armed conflict .
Simply put , democracies rarely , if ever , go to war against one another , and because the prevention of inter - state conflict is the sine qua non of the post - war legal order , it logically follows that any process which significantly affects the prospects of inter-state conflict will be an appropriate object of international law . [ 20 ]
The third justification - the prevention of internal armed conflict - is closely related to the second .
As the 1990s progressed , civil wars and intra-state strife accounted for most of the casualties due to armed conflict and occupied an increasing amount of the UN 's attention . " [ I ] n the absence of genuinely democratic institutions , contending interests are likely to seek to settle their differences through conflict rather than through accommodation . " [ 21 ]
The final justification is that the democratic process has become essential to the effective implementation of a number of emerging international norms unrelated to democracy itself . [ 22 ]
International efforts to protect the environment , for example , are heavily reliant on a legal regime that provides for a high degree of popular participation in ensuring states ' effective compliance with their obligations .
Combined together , " it is clear that international law and international organizations are no longer indifferent to the internal character of regimes exercising effective control within sovereign states . " [ 23 ]
C. Present Standards
Though there is no single international treaty , or a universally agreed - upon set of procedures and requirements governing elections , a number of international instruments have identified the essential principles . [ 24 ]
These principles can be classified into two categories .
The first category is political rights strictu senso . [ 25 ]
These are addressed in Article 25 of the ICCPR and include the right to " take part in the conduct of public affairs " and " vote and be elected at genuine periodic elections . " [ 26 ]
Suffrage is to be " universal and equal " and elections secret . [ 27 ]
The second category consists of the rights ( freedom of expression and freedom of assembly ) necessary for effective political discourse .
Together , these associated political rights are crucial to the formation and participation of political parties , which are " indispensable for the existence and functioning of a democracy . " [ 28 ]
State parties are obligated not only to refrain from harassing and interfering with existing parties but to also " make it legally and factually possible " for individuals to set up and create new parties if they so choose . [ 29 ]
Combining these principles , one can deduce the fundamental notion that elections must be " free and fair . " [ 30 ]
An election is free when " the legal barriers to entry into the political arena are low , when there is substantial freedom for candidates and supporters of different political parties to campaign and solicit votes , and when voters experience little or no coercion in exercising their electoral choices . " [ 31 ]
The presence of universal suffrage and peaceful voting is not sufficient .
Freedom in this context is primarily a matter of " the rules of the game . " [ 32 ]
An election is fair when " they are administered by a neutral authority ; when the electoral administration is sufficiently competent and resourceful to take specific precautions against voting and the vote counting . " [ 33 ]
In fair elections , the police and judiciary treat all parties impartially throughout the process , and independent monitoring of the voting and vote - counting is allowed .
In a fair election , " the rules of the game " are applied consistently to all sides .
The standards for fair elections revolve around allowing voters safe and unfettered access to poles .
For an election to be fair , adequate notice must be given for the election and the election must be public and timely .
Polls must be situated in a manner that facilitates voting and does not hamper those who live in either rural or urban areas .
A free election can also be characterized by one that is " genuine . " [ 34 ]
In a genuine election , the populace has the ability to translate its political preferences into concrete choices .
The converse of a genuine election is a " made election . "
Unlike elections marred by outright violence or vote - rigging , made elections are much more subtle , and therefore , pernicious .
As one commentator has noted ,
" The manufacture of elections is not technically a difficult operation ; at practically every point ... officials can intervene to bias the system in favour of one set of candidates and against others .
Elections made skillfully are made by minor interventions at a large number of points , not by brutal interposition at a few .
The officials do not block all opposition by sabotaging the nomination of all candidates ; they merely twist matters a little in delimiting constituencies , dealing with nominations , giving facilities for the campaign , conducting the poll , enquiring into disputed cases .
The sum of these things should be enough to keep the government in power , unless it has involved the nation in disaster , and they do not incur the odium of dictatorship . " [ 35 ]
Made elections may be the result of infringements on both the freedom and fairness of elections .
The former can arise from undue government interference in the formation of political parties and selection of candidates .
The latter can occur when elections are not overseen by neutral administrators .
It can also occur when opposition candidates are deprived of access to state - controlled media .
Made elections are not identical across all countries .
Low - level harassment of political parties in one state can exist as crude violence or outright prohibition in another .
Therefore , it is critical to carefully examine the laws and practices as they exist in a state in order to pass credible judgment on its election process .
III .
Elections in Iran
Iranian elections are neither free nor fair .
Because the Islamic Republic has never allowed independent election monitoring , it is impossible to ascertain whether elections have been held without fraud .
There are reasons , however , to question the veracity of the Iranian government 's election figures , which do not always add up . [ 36 ]
Recently , in fact , the Revolutionary Guards has become more involved in the political process , raising fears of undue influence . [ 37 ]
More troubling are the explicit and wide - ranging structural restrictions embedded in the Islamic Republic 's electoral system .
Under Iran 's constitution , the qualification of voters and candidates is subject to statute , with the two most relevant statutes being the Election Law and the Political Parties Law .
These laws contain numerous restrictions that stymie the formation of an authentically open political system .
Also playing an important role is the Guardian Council , a quasi- judicial body of twelve unelected religious and legal officials , which vets all political candidates and monitors all elections .
Consequently , " rather than being based on written laws , actual rights of access to the electoral process come down to a question of power politics . " [ 38 ]
A. Iran 's System of Government
The Islamic Republic of Iran is the world 's only theocratic state .
Political power , de jure and de facto , rests with a small group of clerics and their supporters .
Central to Iran 's system is the doctrine of Velayat-e Faqih , or Guardianship of the Jurisprudent .
According to this concept , until the return of the Mahdi , political and religious power in society should be exercised by the Shi'ite cleric with the " right political and social perspicacity , prudence , courage , administrative facilities , and adequate capability for leadership . " [ 39 ]
Therefore , though Iran has an elected parliament , the Majlis , and an elected president , ultimate power rests with the Supreme Leader , an unelected cleric who wields ultimate power in matters of state .
Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , who became Supreme Leader after the death of Ayatollah Khomeini , is tasked with : " delineating the general policies of the Islamic Republic ; " ; " supervising the proper execution of the general policies of the system " ; being commander - in - chief of the armed forces ; appointing the head of the Judiciary , the head of the national radio and television networks , the six religious members of the Guardian Council , the chief of the joint staff , the commander of the Revolutionary Guards , and ; " resolving problems which can not be solved by conventional methods . " [ 40 ]
The Supreme Leader is appointed by , and theoretically , responsible to the Assembly of Experts .
Interestingly enough , the selection process for members of the Assembly of Experts is not provided in the Constitution .
Rather , the Guardian Council ( see below ) has the discretion to decide how the Assembly of Experts is chosen , which presently is through national election involving candidates ( who must possess religious credentials ) thoroughly vetted by the Guardian Council .
The result is a circular system in which the public , through use of the ballot box , has almost no substantive input .
A. Elections and the Role of the Guardian Council
In contrast to most states , Iran 's election regulations are not codified in a statute .
Rather , the Election Law sets forth a number of general guidelines regarding the proper administration of elections .
After the election , the Interior Ministry is to furnish a report to the Majlis . [ 41 ]
Under Iran 's Constitution and Election Law , there is no independent election commission to manage or monitor elections .
Rather , the Guardian Council is responsible for supervising elections . [ 42 ]
In many ways , the Guardian Council is a microcosm of the defects imbedded in Iran 's system .
Charged by Iran 's Constitution with ensuring that all laws and regulations adhere to Islamic criteria , the Council is comprised of six jurists and six religious experts .
The six jurists are confirmed by the Majlis from a list provided by the Head of the Judiciary Power . [ 43 ]
The six clerics are appointed solely at the discretion of the Supreme Leader .
Members serve six year staggered terms and may be dismissed only by the Supreme Leader .
This quasi- judicial body has emerged as one of the most influential bodies in the Islamic Republic and exercises an enormous amount of power in Iran 's political process .
In 1992 , the Council offered a new interpretation of Article 99 and transformed what originally was only a general supervisory power into approbatory supervision ( nezarat - e estewabi ) . [ 44 ]
Viewed as blatant power grab by even supporters of the regime , the Council has become the final arbiter of who can be allowed to become a candidate for office .
B. Restrictions on Political Candidates
Under the Islamic Republic , active participation in politics is severely limited , with most citizens excluded from the opportunity to stand for election for the Majlis or presidency .
Iran is still , in many respects , an oligarchy , ruled by an insular network of Shi'ite clerics who comprise " a professional fraternity bound together by ties forged in the seminaries and by intermarriage . " [ 45 ]
According to Iran 's Elections Law , the first requirement for a political candidate is that he or she must have " full belief and commitment to Islam and the sacred system of the Islamic Republic of Iran . " [ 46 ]
This clause is problematic for a number of reasons .
First , it entails a religious test for candidates .
This is in violation of internationally recognized prohibitions on religious discrimination . [ 47 ]
It is also in direct contradiction of ICCPR Article 25 , which gives every citizen the right to run for office " without any of the distinctions mentioned in Article 2 . "
Secondly , the clause requires an ideological commitment to the Islamic Republic .
This is qualitatively different from requirements found in democratic nations that candidates uphold a constitution or a pledge loyalty to the state . [ 48 ]
Candidates in Iran are required to prove allegiance to the Islamic Republic as it is presently constituted .
No distinction is made between commitment to the concept of the nation and allegiance to a specific political system .
Candidates are also required to show " practical allegiance to ... the progressive principle of the absolute rule of the Velayat-e Faqih . " [ 49 ]
This not only violates the right of conscience , it also creates a positive obligation to take actions in support of a particular political agenda .
For example , some candidates have been known to be rejected due to insufficient attendance at Friday prayers . [ 50 ]
Even more troubling , and emblematic of the core problem with the Islamic Republic 's political system , is that the role of the Velayat-e Faqih is constitutionally entrenched .
[ 51 ]
Article 177 forbids altering , inter alia , any changes to provisions concerning the Islamic character of the political system , the Islamic foundation of all laws and regulations , and the rule of the Velayat-e Faqih .
By effectively blocking off any avenues for substantial political or legal change , the Iranian Constitution has frozen in place a vision of state and society that can not adapt to changed circumstances and popular preferences .
The result is an arrangement in which political power and the resources of the states are monopolized by a relatively small group of insiders who are immune to public pressure and accountability .
This violates the fundamental principle that all governments must derive their legitimacy from the citizens .
While it is certainly arguable that many Iranian in 1979 were bona fide supporters of the political events then taking place , the same is certainly not true today , if only for the fact that the people have no opportunity to make known their preferences .
The Islamic Republic also discriminates against religious minorities .
Under the Constitution , sectarian communities are allotted five seats .
Zoroastrians and Jews get one seat each while the Christian communities gets three , one jointly for the Assyrians and Chaldeans , and one each for Armenians in southern and northern Iran . [ 52 ]
Those running for office as representatives of minority communities are exempt from provisions regarding Islam but must be " firm in their commitment to their own religion . " [ 53 ]
Though touted by the regime as an example of the Islamic Republic 's tolerance and fairness towards religious minorities , the seclusion of minority candidates into reserved seats is harmful for two reasons .
First , by setting religious minorities apart from the regular political process , the government is making clear that religious minorities , while tolerated , are not full and equal members of Iranian society .
Having been relegated to the equivalent of a political ghetto , members of minority communities do not have the opportunity to vie for leadership positions and , therefore , are shut out of the decision - making process relating to matters of national security , foreign policy , economic affairs , and the like .
Second , the interests of religious communities will not be sufficiently protected because the other 265 members of Majlis have no need to worry about an electoral backslash .
In other nations , politicians have to take minority voters in consideration because a small , yet united , community can make a difference in close races .
That mechanism against roughshod majority rule is conspicuously lacking in Iran .
Another seriously troublesome requirement , due to being overly vague and undefined , is that candidates must be " free from ill reputation in the election district . " [ 54 ]
By its very definition , reputation is not amenable to objective analysis .
What one regards as tenaciousness , one may deem aggressiveness or hostility .
One man 's tolerance may be another impiety .
In the hands of a political body , the prospect for mischief is all too obvious .
As such it allows authorities to bar candidates based on nothing more than allegations , rumors , innuendos , and personal feuds .
Iran election law also requires candidates to have at least an associate 's degree ( a 2 - year degree ) or its equivalent .
Though there is no explicit prohibition in international law against educational requirements for elective office , given Iran 's socio- economic development , the requirement of higher education works to keep out a large segment of the population from running for office . [ 55 ]
Iran 's Election Law also bans certain classes of individuals from standing for election .
For example , " big land owners who have uncultivated land registered in their own name " nor those reputed to be corrupt or having " displayed indecent acts . " [ 56 ]
Similar to the requirement that candidates be free from ill reputation , these classes are so vaguely defined as to be useful only for arbitrary and capricious .
Also disconcerting is the ban on those " convicted of apostasy in competent courts of law . " [ 57 ]
Aside from the obvious conflict with religious liberty , the charge of apostasy was often used by Khomeini and his followers to discredit political opponents . [ 58 ]
Another category of prohibited persons , defined with more specificity but running afoul of Article 25 of the ICCPR , is those " connected with the past regime " such as members of the city and town councils , freemasons , and members of the Senate and Majlis .
This blanket ban contravenes Articles 25's constraint on " unreasonable restrictions . "
Simply being connected to the previous regime or having had a position of political responsibility may not be grounds to be excluded as a candidate .
For example , would a Ministry of Foreign Affairs office clerk who handled sensitive information be treated the same as a deputy minister ?
Whatever political differences the current regime may have had with the previous
Shah 's rule , it may not preclude members of previous government from serving unless the individual is found to have committed specific crimes that would render him or her ineligible .
A connection , without any other evidence of wrongdoing , to the Shah 's regime has often been used by the Islamic Republic to slander and persecute individuals who were opponents of the regime .
Amir Abbas Hoveyda , a long - time Prime Minister , was charged and executed for a litany of generic and vague crimes . [ 59 ]
As the prosecutor in Hoveyda 's trial acknowledged , " the court is not trying you .
It is trying the system , of which you were the representative and executive . " [ 60 ]
Another clause that serves to shut out a large segment of potential candidates is the ban against " organizational supporters and affiliates of political parties , organizations and groups whose illegitimacy has been declared and established by the concerned authorities . " [ 61 ]
Given the government 's blanket ban on all political parties in 1981 ( see below ) , many political actors who were active before and during the Revolution are essentially excluded from the opportunity to run for office .
Moreover , no woman has ever been approved to run for the presidency .
Though there is an academic dispute as to whether the term used in the Constitution in describing the president , rejal , connotes a man or person , the Guardian Council has interpreted the term to exclude women for running .
Finally , Iran 's Election Law requires that candidates " be blessed with vision , hearing , and speech capabilities . " [ 62 ]
This requirement seems particularly anachronistic in a technologically advanced age endowed with numerous devices and instruments to help physically disabled persons lead normal lives .
C. Restrictions on Political Parties
Iran 's Parties Law , passed in 1981 , compounds the problems of the Election Law by severely curtailing political parties .
Political parties play an indispensable role in democratic societies .
Besides offering a platform for isolated groups or individuals who would otherwise be sidelined from the political process , political parties help determine the manner in which elections are conducted , establish linkages between political elites and the public , and perform a pivotal task in democratic consolidation . [ 63 ]
" It is political parties that in the end must bargain , coalesce , and produce the votes for reform in parliament . " [ 64 ]
Moreover , political parties can help alleviate tensions in ethnically heterogeneous societies . [ 65 ]
The Parties Law regulates the activities of all political parties , trade associations , religious parties , and any other groups " established by real persons believing in certain essential policies and ideals and whose objectives ... are related to the administration of the state and general policies of the Islamic Republic of Iran . " [ 66 ]
Under international law , states are free to promulgate regulations and provisions for registration of political and civil associations .
However , any restrictions must be " necessary in a democratic society , " proportional and in furtherance pluralism , tolerance , and people 's sovereignty . [ 67 ]
The only permissible restrictions are those national security , public health and order , advocacy of hatred or war , and interference in the rights of others .
Great Britain , for example , criminalizes membership in any association " organized and trained or organized and equipped either for the purpose of enabling them to be employed for the use or display of physical force in promoting any political object . " [ 68 ]
French law allows the President to dissolve groups that : ( 1 ) provoke armed demonstrations , ( 2 ) are of a paramilitary nature , or ( 3 ) have as their goal the dismemberment of the territorial state , the forceful overthrow of the republican form of government , the instigation of racial or other group discrimination , or the dissemination of propaganda promoting such discrimination . [ 69 ]
The Parties Law runs afoul of these limitations with Article 16 , which proscribes certain activities by associations .
Under Article 16 , political parties may not have contacts and exchanges with foreign embassies or groups that " may be harmful and injurious to freedom , independence and national unity . " [ 70 ]
Although this restriction may seem to fall under the exception for national security , on closer examination it does not .
The national security exception , because of the overweening power it provides governments , is necessarily defined narrowly .
To qualify , there must be a " political or military threat to the entire nation . " [ 71 ]
Political threat in this context requires activity outside of the normal political process , not a desire to change particular laws or policies , or even to amend the constitution . [ 72 ]
Iran 's prohibition on contacts that are harmful to freedom or national unity is too broad .
Freedom and national unity in this context may carry many meanings and are not sufficiently objective to prevent misuse by governmental officials eager to squelch purely political opposition .
In one publicized case , a group of five women campaigning for greater legal rights were arrested and charged with " endangering national security . " [ 73 ]
On April 25 , 2009 Maryam Malek was arrested and charged with " propaganda against the system " in connection with her activities with the Campaign for equality . [ 74 ]
The Islamic Republic also forbids political parties and association from " resorting to accusations , slander , and rumor mongering . "
Valid restrictions on political parties and associations that interfere with the rights and freedoms of others are often reflected in laws that protect privacy and prohibit defamation .
However , these laws must provide the leeway necessary to accommodate the vigorous give - and - take of political discourse .
This is especially true when the subject matter involves public figures and public issues .
In this context , accusations and rumors , even if based on disputed facts , are an expected and ordinary byproduct of electoral politics , particularly when the populace is disaffected by present policies and conditions .
Perhaps the most egregious condition of Iran 's Parties Law is the restriction on " violating Islamic standards and the basis of the Islamic Republic . "
Aside from impinging on the freedom of religion , this clause severely restricts the activities of political parties without falling under any of the exceptions provided for in the ICCPR . [ 75 ]
Lacking any credible justification , this clause serves primarily to inhibit any potential challenges to clerical rule in Iran .
It accomplished this by inhibiting the formation of any political party that does not adhere to the regime 's ideological values .
This includes opposition to the concept of Velayat-e Faqih , support for greater separation of church and state , and fundamental reform of the constitution .
Dissident clerics who reject an overtly political role for the clergy are also harassed , with their followers excluded from the political system .
As the Draft Convention on Electoral Standards , Rights and Freedom notes , in " genuine elections there is real political pluralism , ideological diversity , and a multi- party system . " [ 76 ]
Without a diverse array of viewpoints , elections are little more than facades that mask the inability of an electorate to have a meaningful voice in the political arena .
Additionally , political parties and associations may not disseminate " anti-Islamic propaganda " or publish " seditious books and literature . " [ 77 ]
The former is particularly troubling because in an arrangement where state and church are so closely intertwined , criticisms of the form of government are ipso facto attacks on religion .
After the fall of the Shah , numerous political parties and organizations were active in trying to shape the outcome of the Revolution .
As Khomeini and his coterie solidified their hold on power , opposition groups were brought to heel through a campaign of harassment , violence , and exile .
Eventually , all political parties , save one , were banned . [ 78 ]
Banned political parties reflect the entire political spectrum , from left to the right .
Many had been active during much of the modern Iranian political era .
These parties had numerous supporters and included many of Iran 's most well - known political figures .
Among them were the National Front ( Jebhe Melli ) , led by Shapour Bakhtiar , the Iranian Nationalist Party ( Hezb - e Melli-e Iran ) , led by Darioush Forouhar , and the communist Tudeh Party .
The only political party left standing was the Islamic Republican Party ( IRI ) .
Distinguished by its " strong clerical component , its loyalty to Khomeini , its strong animosity to the liberal political movements , and its tendency to support the revolutionary organizations , " the IRI , dominated the Majlis in the 1980s . [ 79 ]
Under the Political Parties Law , a commission ( Article 10 Commission ) , composed of a representative from the State Prosecutor 's Office , a representative from the Judiciary , a representative from the Interior Ministry , and two members of ( or approved representatives from ) the Majlis , is responsible for approving applications and supervising all approved groups . [ 80 ]
The Article 10 Commission was to hold its first session no later than forty days after the passage of the Political Parties law , but by 1988 had yet to convene .
The Interior Minister blamed the delay on the " dire and difficult circumstances " of the Iraq - Iran War , a peculiar excuse given that the situation was stable enough to have held nation - wide elections for the Majlis , which presumably required somewhat greater resources than five - member commission meetings . [ 81 ]
The end of the war did not bring about any change .
The IRI voluntarily disbanded in 1987 , but of the 30 organizations that submitted applications to the Article 10 Commission by February 1989 , none were approved . [ 82 ]
Though politicians continue to organize themselves into various informal factions , formal party activity ( party gatherings , creation of political platforms , public interaction with the electorate ) is rarely present .
Almost all of the 223 registered political associations are small , little - known religious groups that support the regime .
A partial glance at the official registry illustrates the regime 's narrow limits of official tolerance : Association of Islamic Engineers of Khorasan , Association of Islamic Teachers of Iran , Society of Militant Clergy of Tabriz , and the Islamic Organization of Women Who Follow the Pathway of Zahra . [ 83 ]
Almost every group is explicitly Islamic in character and none are socialist , secular , or liberal .
The Islamic Republic has reacted harshly even to the possible establishment of parties that do not toe the official line .
Dariush Forouhar , leader of the Iranian Nationalist Party and Minister of Labor in the first post - revolution cabinet , was gruesomely stabbed to death along with his wife in their home in 1998 . [ 84 ]
Abbas Khorsandi was sentenced to eight years imprisonment before his party had the chance to seek approval . [ 85 ]
His party , the Democratic Party of Iran , based its platform on Iranian compliance with the Universal Declaration of Human Rights .
The platform called for freedom of association , equal civil rights , separation of religion and ideology from the state , a ban on torture , and freedom for political prisoners . [ 86 ]
Even individuals who support the Islamic Republic , or at one time held high - level positions , are not immune from being blacklisted .
Mehdi Bazargan , the first prime minister appointed by Ayatollah Khomeini after the Islamic Revolution , attempted to register a political party ( Nehzat Azadi ) in 1983 .
The application languished for over a decade without any action . [ 87 ]
When confronted by a UN representative , the Iranian Interior Minister claimed , " in the past 12 years no years no organization had asked to be registered as a political party . " [ 88 ]
D. Compulsory Voting
The absence of free elections in the Islamic Republic of Iran is aggravated by the coercive methods used by authorities to force citizens into the voting booth .
Given the regime 's sensitivity to international skepticism of its democratic character , maintaining high voter turnout has always been a high priority .
From the outset of the Islamic Revolution Ayatollah Khomeini warned the public that voting was a religious duty . [ 89 ]
The ineffectual presidency of Mohammad Khatami and the disqualification of 8200 candidates ( including 80 serving deputies ) by the Guardian Council prior to the 2004 Majlis elections only added to this urgency as voter turnout decreased significantly . [ 90 ]
Although there is no law or publicized official policy requiring eligible Iranians to vote , the regime can easily keep track of individual turnout because all citizens must have their national identification cards stamped when voting .
One blogger has claimed that each ballot now has a bar code that identifies each voter 's identity .
Voters who in previous years would leave the ballot blank and only have their ID stamped now fear doing so . [ 91 ]
Individuals who must frequently use their ID cards can be singled out for harassment .
This includes university students and members of the security forces
More troubling , there have been reports that soldiers from a base in northeast Iran were trucked to a polling station and given a list containing specified candidates . [ 92 ]
Others have reported that ethnic minorities such as the Turkmen are especially susceptible to pressure , as they are often discriminated in attempting to gain government employments and services . [ 93 ]
Additionally , applications for certain commercial permits now require all pages of the ID , including those pages that display voting stamps , instead of just those with the necessary biographical data . [ 94 ]
Applicants for passports also have to show proof of voting .
[ 95 ]
Similar practices also extend to many government jobs .
For example , an advertisement for a position with the Ministry of Housing and Urban Development informs applicants that they must provide a copy of the first and last pages of their identification documents ( the last page being where proof of voting is stamped ) . [ 96 ]
Authorities in the Islamic Republic do not limit themselves to pressuring people into voting booths .
There is also a serious crackdown on those who have advocated boycotts of elections .
In early 2004 , authorities in Tabriz went so far as to arrest four students who were caught distributing material urging people not to vote . [ 97 ]
In May of that year , 16 university students in Yazd were charged with " propaganda against the state " for calling for a boycott against the Majils elections . [ 98 ]
The Intelligence Ministry also forbade students who had called for a boycott from speaking publicly at universities . [ 99 ]
The More ominously , police have begun checking ID cards of businessmen after elections .
" If you did not vote , they decide you are in the group that disagrees , and they write down your address and everything .
They can close your shop .
What can you do ? " [ 100 ]
E. Restrictions on the Media
Media in the Islamic Republic of Iran is tightly controlled .
This is not simply a function of the personalities in office or the prevailing political climate .
According to the Constitution , " radio and television must serve the diffusion of Islamic culture in pursuit of the evolutionary course of the Islamic Revolution . " [ 101 ]
As such , media " must strictly refrain from diffusion and propagation of destructive and anti-Islamic practices . " [ 102 ]
The early years of the Khatami administration did witness an easing of controls , with a proliferation of newspapers and increased leeway in the scope of acceptable political debate .
This more tolerant environment began to wane in the last years of Khatami 's term and was largely snuffed out by his successor , Mahmoud Ahmadinejad .
The latter was aided by the zealous efforts of Said Mortazavi , Iran 's Prosecutor General , whose actions in closing newspapers earned him the moniker of the butcher of Tehran . [ 103 ]
Under Mortazavi 's reign , numerous newspapers have been shuttered or intimidated into closing , with courts frequently denying licenses to publish .
Individual journalists are not immune either , as reporters are regularly jailed .
The Islamic Republic 's suppression of political and social debate also extends to non-traditions forms of media .
Iran restrictions of internet content are among the most restrictive and far - reaching .
Utilizing sophisticated filtering software from some American companies , Iran has clamped down on many foreign websites while also jailing popular Iranian bloggers who encroach on sensitive matters .
[ 104 ]
In aggressively inhibiting the free flow of information and political arguments , the Islamic Republic has made genuinely fair elections impossible .
IV .
Elections in Comparable States
Iran experts often single out Iran as the only country in the Middle East where elections are held regularly .
They also stress that comparing Iran to the advanced democracies of the West is unreasonable .
Given Iran 's history and level or socio- economic development , one would not expect elections in Iran to fully measure up to elections in Norway or Canada .
Without justifying that argument , one can better gauge just how inadequate Iranian elections are by comparing them to those in comparable nations .
Malaysia and Pakistan are both large , developing Muslim - majority countries .
Though not fully mature democracies , neither are they wholly despotic in the mold of Saudi Arabia or Burma .
Rather , they are what can be termed " competitive authoritarian " regimes .
" Although elections are regularly held ... incumbents routinely abuse state resources , deny the opposition adequate media coverage ... and in some cases manipulate electoral results . " [ 105 ]
Though similar in some ways , a closer examination reveals that both Malaysia and Pakistan have electoral systems markedly superior to that of the Islamic Republic .
By evaluating Malaysia 's and Pakistan 's election systems , laws on candidacy and political parties , and press freedoms , and then comparing them to Iran 's , one can gain a finer sense of the problems plaguing Iran 's electoral process .
A. Backgrounds of Malaysia and Pakistan
Since gaining independence from Great Britain in 1963 , Malaysia has been governed as a federal constitutional elective monarchy .
Closely modeled on the Westminster parliamentary system , Malaysia has a bicameral Parliament , with an upper house ( House of Senate ) and a lower house ( House of the People ) .
The Prime Minister must be a member of the lower house who can command a majority in both houses .
Ever since its partition and independence from British India in 1947 , Pakistan has had tenuous periods of democratic governance wedged in between stages of military rule .
While recent attention has been focused on the growing threat of a Taliban - aided insurgency and the rocky transition to post - Musharraf civilian rule , Pakistan 's democratic pedigree is still such that is makes for an interesting case study .
Pakistan has a bi-cameral parliamentary system consisting of an upper house ( Senate ) and lower house ( National Assembly ) .
The president is selected by an electoral college consisting of the Senate , National Assembly and four Provincial Assemblies while the prime minister is usually the leader of the largest party in the National Assembly .
B. Election Supervision
Though referenced in the Constitution , elections in Malaysia are entirely creatures of statute , with election law being the prerogative of Parliament .
[ 106 ]
The organization and supervision of elections are entrusted to an ostensibly independent Election Commission .
Members of the Commission are appointed by the Yang di-Pertuan Agong [ 107 ] and hold office until the age of sixty five .
[ 108 ]
Appointments must be made with " regard to the importance of securing an Election Commission which enjoys public confidence . " [ 109 ]
Aside from a fixed term of office , members of the Election Commission also have the benefit of salary protection and may be removed only through the same procedures used to remove Supreme Court judges .
The electoral process in Pakistan is governed by a mixture of Constitutional law and ordinary statutes .
Overseeing elections in Pakistan is the Election Commission , which consists of a Chief Commissioner appointed by the President and four Provincial High Court judges .
[ 110 ]
Pakistan 's Election Commission must " unsure that the election is conducted honestly , justly , fairy and in accordance with law , and that corrupt practices are guarded against . " [ 111 ]
The Chief Election Commissioner may only be removed by the same procedures used to remove judges but not receive any salary protection . [ 112 ]
The presence of independent election commissions in both Malaysia and Pakistan contrasts with the Islamic Republic 's lack of any mechanism to ensure the fair and neutral administration of elections .
The Guardian Council 's untrammeled power to disqualify candidates makes a mockery of the notion of genuinely competitive elections .
Rejected candidates are entitled to a written explanation listing the reasons and evidence for their disqualification but almost never receive one . [ 113 ]
C. Requirements for Candidates and Political Parties
The requirements for political candidates in Malaysia are reasonable .
Aside from age restrictions , candidates for Parliament must be citizens of Malaysia and be 21 years of age for the lower house and 30 for the upper house .
A potential candidate can be disqualified only for : ( a ) having " been found or declared to be of unsound mind " ; ( b ) bankruptcy ; ( c ) failing to have reported campaign expenses within the required time ; or , ( d ) having been convicted of an offense in Malaysia and sentenced to a prison term of at least 12 months or a fine of at least 2000 Ringgit without receiving a pardon .
Pakistan 's requirements for the National Assembly are more problematic .
Aside from standard citizenship and age requirements and a prohibition on those convicted of crimes involving moral turpitude or the furnishing false testimony , there are a number of other questionable obstacles a candidate must hurdle . [ 114 ]
First , a candidate must be of " good character " and " not commonly known as one who violates Islamic Injunction . " [ 115 ]
Additionally , a candidate must also not have " worked against the integrity of the country or opposed the Ideology of Pakistan . " [ 116 ]
Malaysia 's requirements for elective office fall squarely under international law and compare very favorably to those in Iran .
Pakistan's are more troublesome , particularly those clauses pertaining to Islamic piety and the Ideology of Pakistan .
However , even these are significantly less restrictive than Iran 's restrictions .
First , Pakistan 's Election Commission has seldom enforced the clauses regarding Islamic standards to exclude candidates .
Second , Pakistan waives the stipulations regarding Islamic behavior if the candidate is not Muslim , while Iran only allows Muslims to run ( aside from the five seats reserved for religious minorities ) .
[ 117 ]
Finally , the Ideology of Pakistan , though ominous sounding , is only a restatement of national principles that are implicitly observed by many advanced democracies : territorial integrity , federalism , democracy , and national distinctiveness .
It is in no way equal to Iran 's requirements that all candidates show allegiance to clerical rule and its attendant socio-economic model of society .
D. Political Parties
Political parties in Malaysia have long been a crucial component of the political process .
There are no constitutional or statutory restrictions on political parties .
The Malaysian government " has generally permitted opposition parties , occupational associations , and cause - oriented groups to form and canvass reasonable levels of membership or support . " [ 118 ]
Though the ruling UMNO party has held power since independence , " political rights were at some level respected ... [ enabling ] them to express dissent through party meetings and publications ... and sometime even win control of state assemblies . " [ 119 ]
The weakness of opposition parties has been mostly due to ineffective cooperation by opposition groups and informal abuses of power by the ruling coalition rather than any formal limitations . [ 120 ]
Though political parties have sometimes functioned in constrained settings ( the Communist Party of Pakistan was outlawed in 1952 and the military regime of Ayub Kahn banned all political parties from 1958 - 1962 ) , they have played an important role in Pakistani politics . [ 121 ]
While corruption in Pakistan has been endemic , " the country did witness repeated alternation in power between two political parties that had each mobilized substantial ( albeit declining ) popular support . " [ 122 ]
Political parties today operate under the 2002 Political Parties Order , which sets forward the conditions necessary for all political parties .
Political parties may not propagate any opinion or act prejudicial to the " fundamental principles enshrined in the Constitution " of the Islamic Republic of Pakistan . [ 123 ]
Additionally , political parties may not " promote sectarianism , regional , or provincial hatred . " [ 124 ]
Most importantly , however , all citizens of Pakistan , however , have the right to form or be members of a political party . [ 125 ]
Comparison to the Malaysian and Pakistani arrangements shows just how oppressive the climate for political parties in the Islamic Republic really is .
The contrast with Pakistan is particularly illuminating .
Unlike Iran's , Pakistan 's statute explicitly confers to all citizens the right to form a party .
Moreover , unlike for candidates , there is no religious test whatsoever for political parties .
E. Controls on the Media
The press in Malaysia is not completely free .
The government has used licensing requirements to limit and shut down press connected with the opposition , disrupting their ability to campaign freely . [ 126 ]
The government , however , does not completely control the media .
One important reason is that all newspapers and many radio stations are in private hands , usually under the control of the ruling coalition 's component parties . [ 127 ]
More importantly , the rise of alternative media through the internet , including social networking sites , has allowed the political opposition to circumvent restrictions on the traditional press .
Significantly , the government has mostly abstained from trying to regulate the internet , leaving substantial room for maneuver for dissident political parties .
[ 128 ]
Though , Pakistan 's press was frequently targeted during President Pervez Musharaff 's regime , most of those restrictions have been lifted . [ 129 ]
Compared to both Malaysia and Pakistan , the Islamic Republic has restricted the press to an extent incompatible with the requirements of a free and fair election .
Unlike the former , the government in Iran owns and controls all radio and television stations .
By not only shuttering newspapers , but also using increasingly intrusive controls on the internet , Iranian authorities have inhibited the ability of political actors and the public to gain information and debate back and forth .
This led to Iran being ranked 167th in the world for press freedoms in 2007 by Reporters Without Borders , a press watchdog group .
Only North Korea , Burma , Eretria fared worse .
IV .
Conclusion
Elections in the Islamic Republic do not adhere to the most minimal international standards of legitimacy .
Though outright fraud and violence are rare , the Iranian public does not have the opportunity to genuinely participate in the political affairs of their nation .
Ideological and religious restrictions have led to a system that is closed and allows only those in the inner circle of the ruling elite to have a voice in the governance of Iran .
More fundamentally , the problem is not confined to the individuals currently occupying key positions , or an unduly restrictive interpretation of current laws and regulations .
Rather , it is those law and regulations that must be significantly altered .
Even compared to the flawed systems of Malaysia and Pakistan , elections in Iran are gravely lacking
For reality to match rhetoric , the Islamic Republic of Iran must immediately implement numerous reforms .
First , and most importantly , the Guardian Council must be stripped of its blanket power to disqualify candidates for the Majlis and presidency .
A mandate to supervise elections cannot be transformed into a plenary power to shape the slate of acceptable candidates .
Additionally , requirements that candidates have full belief and commitment to the current system must be removed .
However daunting , this would have to entail a change to the Constitution allowing candidates and other individuals to put forth different proposals about how Iranian society and politics should be structured .
Without this fundamental alteration elections in the Islamic Republic will be nothing more than ratifications of the status quo .
Additionally , religious requirements and vague standards for " ill reputation " and corruption must be eliminated .
Just as importantly , limitations on political parties have to be substantially relaxed .
Preferably , registration requirements would be removed .
At the very least , the process for registration should be streamlined and transparent ; applications should be acted on promptly and denials should be accompanied with a report detailing the reasons and providing an opportunity for appeal .
Finally , governmental curbs on the media must be loosened .
Without the effective opportunity to be seen and heard by the populace , no political candidate or party can have the hope of building the following crucial to competing effectively in elections .
Whether through television and radio , traditional print media , or cyberspace , genuine elections depend on full - throttled debate and the dissemination of ideas and information .
Without serious reforms , elections in Iran will remain a firmly beneath international standards .
[ 1 ] American Law Institute , Restatement ( Third ) of the Foreign Relations Law of the United States , § 203 , comment ( e ) ( 1987 ) .
[ 2 ] Thomas Franck , " The Emerging Right to Democratic Governance , " American Journal of International Law 86 , ( 1992 ) , 47 .
[ 3 ] Ibid , 54 .
[ 4 ]
Thomas Franck , " The Emerging Right to Democratic Governance , " American Journal of International Law 86 , ( 1992 ) , 52 .
[ 5 ] United Nations Charter , Art. 1 ( 2 ) .
[ 6 ]
Steven Wheatly , " Democracy in International Law , " International Comparative Law Quarterly 51 , ( April 2002 ) , 227 .
[ 7 ]
Gregory H. Fox and Brad R. Roth ( eds ) , Democratic Governance and International Law , ( Cambridge : Cambridge University Press , 2000 ) , 49 .
[ 8 ]
Fox and Roth , Democratic Governance and International Law , 507 .
[ 9 ]
Universal Declaration of Human Rights , Art. 19 ( " Everyone has the right to freedom of opinion and expression ; " ) .
[ 10 ] Manfred Nowak , U.N. Covenant on Civil and Political Rights : CCPR Commentary , 2nd ed. ( Kehl : N.P. Engel , 2005 ) , 566 .
[ 11 ] Franck , Emerging Right , 63 .
( Emphasis in the original )
[ 12 ] Universal Declaration of Human Rights Art. 21 , paragraph 3 .
[ 13 ]
Nowak , ICCPR Commentary , 565 .
( internal citations omitted )
[ 14 ]
Doh Chull Shin , " On the Third Wave of Democratization : A Synthesis and Evaluation of Recent Theory and Research , " World Politics , Vol. 47 , No. 1 ( 1994 ) , 136 .
[ 15 ] Jon. M. Ebersole , " The United Nations ' Response to Requests for Assistance in Electoral Matters , " Virginia Journal of International Law 33 , ( 2002 ) , 95 .
[ 16 ] Gregory H. Fox & Georg Nolte , " Intolerant Democracies , " Harvard International Law Journal , Vol. 36 No. 1 , ( Winter 1995 ) , 36 .
[ 17 ]
" Enhancing the effectiveness of the principle of periodic and genuine elections . "
A/RES/46/137 .
[ 18 ] Gregory H. Fox and Brad R. Roth , " Democracy and International Law " , Review of International Studies 27 , ( 2001 ) , 333 .
[ 19 ] Ibid .
[ 20 ] Literature on the Democratic Peace Theory is voluminous .
See Russett , Bruce , and William Antholis .
" Do Democracies Fight Each Other ?
Evidence From The Peloponnesian War . " Journal Of Peace Research 29 ( 4 , 1992 ) , 415-434 .
Jack Levy , " The Democratic Peace Hypothesis : From Description To Explanation , " Mershon International Studies Review 38 ( October 1994 ) 352-354 .
[ 21 ]
Report of the Secretary - General : The Causes of Conflict and the Promotion of Durable Peace and Sustainable Development in Africa ( 1998 ) , paragraph 77 .
[ 22 ]
Fox and Roth , " Democracy and International Law " , 334 .
[ 23 ]
Ibid , 328 .
[ 24 ]
Aside from the UDHR and the ICCPR , there is the Draft Convention on Election Standards , Electoral Rights and Freedoms ( hereafter Draft Convention ) and the Document of the Copenhagen Meeting of the Conference on the Human Dimension of the CSCE ( hereafter Copenhagen Document ) .
[ 25 ]
Nowak , ICCPR Commentary , 565 .
[ 26 ] ICCPR Art. 25 .
[ 27 ] Ibid .
[ 28 ]
Nowak , ICCPR Commentary , 496 .
[ 29 ]
Ibid , 500 .
[ 30 ] Draft Convention ( election standards must comprise " free , periodic and mandatory , fair , genuine , open , and public elections " ) and Copenhagen Document ( " freely and fairly expressed through periodic and genuine elections " ) .
[ 31 ] Larry Diamond , " Thinking About Hybrid Regimes , " Journal of Democracy 13 , no .
2 ( April 2002 ) , 28 .
[ 32 ] Jorgen Elklit and Palle Svensson , " What Makes Elections Free and Fair ? " Journal of Democracy 8 , no. 2 ( July 1997 ) , 35 .
[ 33 ]
Diamond , " Thinking About Hybrid Regimes , " 29 .
[ 34 ] Draft Convention , Art. 4 paragraph 2 .
[ 35 ] Giovanni Sartori , " Representational Systems " in International Encyclopedia of the Social Sciences , ( Free Press , 1968 ) .
[ 36 ]
" According to official figures , Ahmedinejad got 5.7 million votes in the first round and 17.2 million in the runoff .
How did he gather an additional 11.5 million votes in one week ?
Even if turnout remained the same across rounds , and if Ahmedinejad received all the votes that went to the other hard - line candidates in the first round ( Ali Larijani and Mohammad Baqer Qalibaf ) that would only give him an additional 5.8 million votes .
If in fact , as the regime admits , second - round turnout was actually lower than first - round turnout , how could Ahmedinejad have almost tripled his total number of votes ? "
Bill Sami'i , " Iran : Do The Presidential Vote Numbers Really Add Up ? " Radio Liberty , 30 June 2005 .
[ 37 ]
http://www.cnn.com/2005/WORLD/meast/06/25/iran.claim/index.html
( Reporting that the Revolution Guards interfered with voting stations during the 2005 presidential election . )
[ 38 ] Iran Election Law .
[ 39 ] Iran Constitution , Art. 109 ( 1 ) c .
( In Shi'ite theology , the Mahdi is the twelfth Imam , who will one day return from hiding and usher paradise on Earth . )
[ 40 ] Ibid , Art. 110 ( 1 ) .
[ 41 ] Iran Election Law .
[ 42 ] Iran Constitution , Art. 99 .
[ 43 ]
The Head of the Judiciary occupies a unique role in the Iranian political and legal system .
Separate from the Minister of Justice ( a cabinet member , nominated by the President and approved by the Majlis , limited to presenting judicial bills to the Majlis and other administrative duties ) , the Head of the Judiciary is in charge of the entire court system of the Islamic Republic , including the Supreme Court , staffing lower courts , and monitoring Iran 's public prosecutors .
Unaccountable to anyone except the Supreme Leader , the Head of the Judiciary Power is a prime example of the lack of separation between the executive and judicial branches .
[ 44 ] Reza Afshari , Human Rights in Iran : The Abuse of Cultural Relativism , ( Philadelphia : University of Pennsylvania Press , 2000 ) , 236-38 .
[ 45 ] Stephen C. Fairbanks , " Theocracy Versus Democracy : Iran Considers Political Parties , " Middle East Journal 52 , no .
1 ( Winter 1998 ) , 28 .
[ 46 ] Iran Election Law .
[ 47 ] ICCPR Article 2 ( general prohibition on state discrimination based on religion ) , Article 18 ( freedom of religion )
[ 48 ] US Constitution Art. 2 § 1 " I do solemnly swear ( or affirm ) that I will faithfully execute the Office of President of the United States , and will to the best of my Ability , preserve , protect and defend the Constitution of the United States . " oath of office of president ) .
See also , Ibid. at Art. 6 Clause 3 ( requiring an oath to support the Constitution by all state and federal members of legislatures and executive and judicial officers but prohibiting the administering of any religious tests ) , Promissory Oaths Act 1868 ( UK ) ( requiring all members of Parliament to swear or affirm an allegiance to the Monarch . )
[ 49 ] Iran Election Law .
[ 50 ] Ladan Boroumand and Roya Boroumand , " Reform at an Impasse , " Journal of Democracy 11 , no .
4 ( October 2000 ) , 118 .
[ 51 ] Iran Constitution Art. 177 .
[ 52 ] Iran Constitution , Art. 64 ( 2 ) .
[ 53 ] Iran Election Law .
[ 54 ] Ibid .
[ 55 ]
Other developing states have been able to incorporate competency standards without barring non-college graduates .
Cameroon requires all candidates to read and write English or French ( Cameroon Electoral Code , Section 17 ) .
Indonesia requires all candidates to have a high school diploma ( Law on Political Parties , Art. 43 ( 1 ) ( d ) ) .
[ 56 ] Iran Election Law .
[ 57 ] Ibid .
[ 58 ] " From today the National Front are convicted of apostasy , unless they take to the radio this afternoon and admit that this declaration ... was not their doing . "
Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini , Sahifeh Imam : Compilation of the Writings of Imam Khomeini , vol .
14 ( Tehran : Institute for the Compilation and Publication of Imam Khomeini's Work , 1999 ) , 462 .
The declaration in question was the National Front 's call for a demonstration against the proposed adoption of Qisas ( Quranic law of retribution ) .
[ 59 ] Abbas Milani , The Persian Sphinx : Amir Abbas Hoveyda and the Riddle of the Iranian Revolution , ( Washington , DC : Mage Publishers , 2000 ) , 314-15 .
Among other charges , Hoveyda was accused of " spreading corruption on earth , " " fighting God , " " turning over underground resources : oil copper , and uranium , to foreigners , " expansion of the influence of American Imperialism , " " ruining agriculture and destroying forests , " membership in Freemasonry , and " spreading cultural and ethical corruption . "
( It is telling that , given popular perceptions of Hoveyda as an enabler of the decadent and venal Pahlavi regime , not one count involved personal financial impropriety . )
[ 60 ] Kayhan , April 8 , 1979 .
[ 61 ] Iran Election Law .
[ 62 ] Ibid .
[ 63 ]
Doug Perkins , " Political Parties and Democracy : A Comparative Analysis , " manuscript presented at 1998 Annual Meeting of the American Political Science Association .
[ 64 ] Larry Diamond , " Is Pakistan the ( Reverse ) Wave of the Future ? " Journal of Democracy 11 , no. 3 ( July 2000 ) , 104 .
[ 65 ]
Peter M. Leslie , " The Role of Political Parties in Promoting the Interests of Ethnic Minorities , " Canadian Journal of Political Science , Vol. 2 , No. 4 ( Dec. 1969 ) .
[ 66 ] Iran Political Parties Law and Relevant Executive Regulations , Art. 1 . ( known hereafter as Iran Parties Law . )
[ 67 ]
Nowak , ICCPR Commentary , 505 . ( internal citations omitted )
[ 68 ] Public Order Act of 1936 , Ch. 6 , § 2 ( 1 ) ( b ) .
[ 69 ] Law of Jan. 10 , 1936 , Art. 1 .
[ 70 ] Iran Parties Law .
[ 71 ]
Nowak , ICCPR Commentary , 506 .
[ 72 ] Iran Parties Law , Art. 16 .
[ 73 ]
" Iranian women rights activists arrested , " Agence France - Presse , March 4 , 2007 .
Available at http://www.iranpressnews.com/english/source/021558.html
[ 74 ]
http://www.amnesty.org/en/library/info/MDE13/039/2009/en
[ 75 ]
The only possible justifications would be for the maintenance of public morals or defense of national security .
However both of those fall short .
The national security exception is
[ 76 ] Draft Convention , Art. 4 paragraph 2 .
[ 77 ] Iran Parties Law , Art. 16 .
[ 78 ]
Anoushiravan Ehteshami , After Khomeini , ( Taylor & Francis , 2007 ) , 43 .
[ 79 ]
Shaul Bakhash , The Reign of the Ayatollahs , ( Basic Books , 1986 ) , 67 .
[ 80 ] Iran Parties Law , Art. 10 .
[ 81 ] Stephen C. Fairbanks , " Theocracy Versus Democracy : Iran Considers Political Parties , " Middle East Journal 52 , no .
1 ( Winter 1998 ) , 21 .
[ 82 ] Ehteshami , After Khomeini , 43 .
[ 83 ] " Characteristics of Political Organizations , " published by the Bureau of Political Affairs , Ministry of the Interior .
[ 84 ] New York Times , November 23 , 1998 .
[ 85 ]
http://www.iranhumanrights.org/tag/abbas-khorsandi
[ 86 ] Charter of the Democratic Party of Iran .
Available at http://www.irandp.org/1.html.
[ 87 ] UN Doc. E/CN.4/1995/55 , paragraph 59 .
[ 88 ] Ibid .
[ 89 ] John O'Kane and Asghar Schirazi , The Constitution of Iran : Politics and the State in the Islamic Republic , trans .
John O'Kane ( I.B. Tauris , 1997 ) , note 5 , p. 32 .
[ 90 ] Nazila Fathi , " Hard - Line Iranian Council Bars Thousands From Vote , " New York Times , January 12 , 2004 .
[ 91 ] Shad-eh Shirin Blog .
Available at http://74.125.47.132/search?q=cache:A5Q0gatmrcgJ:www.shekkar.com
[ 92 ]
http://web.peykeiran.com/net_iran/irnewsbody.aspx?ID=19360
[ 93 ]
http://www.azatlyk.net/31F.htm
[ 94 ] Qom Commerce Organization , criteria 10 .
Available at http://74.125.113.132/search?q=cache:7lIV7w_Qii0J:www.bazarganiqom.ir/main
[ 95 ] Dieter Nohlen , Florian Grotz , and Christof Hartmann , Elections in Asia and the Pacific : The Middle East and Central Asia ( Oxford University Press , 2001 ) , 64 .
[ 96 ] www.sbainfo.ir/newsdetail_21384_fa_html
[ 97 ] Emruz , March 14 , 2008 .
Available at http://emruz.biz/ShowItem.aspx?ID=13728&p=1
[ 98 ]
http://www.jdi-khorasan.blogspot.com/2004_02_01_jdi-khorasan_archive.htm
[ 99 ]
http://www.60000000.com/news/archives/2005/05/oeoeoe_uuoeu_uo.php
[ 100 ] Laura Secor , " The Rationalist , " New Yorker , February 2 , 2009 , p. 37 .
[ 101 ] Iran Constitution , Preamble .
[ 102 ] Ibid .
[ 103 ] Hadi Ghaemi , " For Iran , the Man is the Message , " New York Times , June 29 , 2006 .
[ 104 ] Robert Tait , " Iran Bans Fast Internet to Cut West 's Influence , " Guardian ( London ) , October 18 , 2006 .
[ 105 ] Steven Levitsky and Lucan A. Way , " The Rise of Electoral Authoritarianism , " Journal of Democracy 13 , no.
2 ( April 2002 ) , 53 .
[ 106 ] S. Sothi Rachagan , Law and the Electoral Process in Malaysia ( Kuala Lampur : University of Malaysia Press , 1993 ) , 218 .
[ 107 ] Malaysia Constitution , Art. 114(1 ) .
( The Yang di-Pertuan Agong is Malaysia 's elected monarch and head of state .
The position rotates among the nine rulers of the Malay states that constitute Malaysia . )
[ 108 ] Ibid. at Art. 114(3 ) .
[ 109 ] Ibid. at Art. 114(2 ) .
[ 110 ] Pakistan Cons. Art. 213 , 218 .
[ 111 ] Ibid. at Art. 218(3 ) .
[ 112 ] Ibid. at Art. 215(2 ) .
[ 113 ] Iran Election Law .
[ 114 ] Iran Election Law. , Art. 62 ( a ) , ( b ) , ( c ) , & ( g ) .
[ 115 ] Ibid. , Art. 62(d ) , ( e ) & ( f. )
[ 116 ] Iran Election Law. , Art. ( h ) .
The " Ideology of Pakistan " was first formulated by Muhammad Ali Jinnah , the founder of Pakistan .
Hoping to construct a national identity , Jinnah fashioned a creed that combined , inter alia , Islam , distinctiveness from Hindu India , democracy , and federalism .
Under Zia-ul Haq , military ruler of Pakistan from 1977 to 1988 , the Ideology of Pakistan was Islamicized , with religious orthodoxy playing a more prominent role .
Stephen P. Cohen , The Idea of Pakistan , Brookings Institution Press , 2004 , p. 170-71 .
[ 117 ] Pakistan Constitution , Art. 62 .
[ 118 ] William Case , " Semi-Democracy in Malaysia : Withstanding the Pressures for Regime Change , " Pacific Affairs 66 , no.
2 ( Summer 1993 ) , 186 .
[ 119 ] Ibid. , 188 .
[ 120 ] Andrea Ufen , " The Transformation of Political Party Opposition in Malaysia and its implications for the Electoral Authoritarian Regime , " Democratization 16 , no. 3 ( June 2009 ) , 605-06 .
[ 121 ] Christ Candland , Labor , Democratization and Development in India and Pakistan , ( Routledge , 2008 ) , 78 .
[ 122 ]
Diamond , " Is Pakistan the ( Reverse ) Wave of the Future ? " 92 .
[ 123 ] Political Parties Order ( 2002 ) Art. 3 ( 4 ) ( a ) .
[ 124 ] Ibid. , Art. 3 ( 4 ) ( c ) .
[ 125 ] Ibid. , Art. 5 .
[ 126 ] Asian Network for Free Elections : Malaysia .
Report of the 1999 Election Observation Mission 25 November - 1 December , Bangkok 2000 , 20 .
[ 127 ] Rainer Heufers , " The Politics of Democracy in Malaysia , " ASIEN 85 ( October 2002 ) , 57 .
[ 128 ] Ulfen , " Transformation of Political Party Opposition in Malaysia " , 616 .
[ 129 ] Griff Witte , " Pakistan Suspends Media Restrictions ; Crackdown was Widely Criticized , " Washington Post , June 8 , 2007 .
NICHOLAS BOLTON will be 27 on Monday .
He has scruffy hair , wears vintage suits and claims on his Facebook site to have never read a book .
He also admits to riding a bicycle around his Melbourne office .
Last November , Bolton saw a bargain .
He bought 47 million shares in BrisConnections for a mere one - tenth of a cent apiece .
Total outlay $ 47,000 .
BrisConnections shares though were " partly - paid " shares , meaning there were two more $ 1 instalments to pay in coming months .
Suddenly , his company Australian Style Investments , was up for $ 94 million .
Nicholas Bolton ... wants the company wound up .
Apparently unfazed by this impending obligation the young entrepreneur called a meeting of unitholders to have the toll road company wound up so he and other shareholders who faced financial oblivion may avoid paying their extra instalments .
BrisConnections and its heavy - hitting financier Macquarie Group in turn took Bolton to court to have his company Australian Style Investments wound up .
" Vova " , commonly known as Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin , is a superhero according to Ukrainian band Dress Code , who have released a song devoted to the merits of the James Bond - defying , child - saving , universally adored Russian .
Banned in Ukraine , the video is causing quite a stir .
The band behind the controversial homage is certainly profiting from its prohibition .
Since the song " And Vova Rules " was taken off air for " political reasons " , the illustrated music video has become a huge online hit in both Ukraine and Russia , where , incidentally , it was never shown on TV in the first place .
Putin propaganda , a big joke , or a publicity stunt ?
Whatever it is , the video 's already been viewed over 350,000 times .
The illustrations are pretty self - explanatory , but here are a few of the lyrics :
" James Bond is n't fit to shine his shoes .
He 's a superman , he 's adored by the rich , by celebrities , by professors , by village folk and the West .
He 'll always be there in your time of need .
He 'll always protect you .
If necessary he 'll whack bad guys , even in a toilet .
Indeed , Vova rules , and , surely , he rules just the way it should be done . "
The centralised guidelines have been in place for more than 10 years
The government is to dismantle one of its most significant education policies in primary schools in England .
From 2011 schools will no longer have to rely on centralised national strategies for support in teaching literacy and numeracy .
Instead they will have money to choose from other suppliers or work together to improve pupils ' basic skills .
The plans are part of wider reforms to be announced by Schools Secretary Ed Balls next week .
Slowed improvement Primary schools in England have been expected to teach English and maths according to centralised guidelines set down by national literacy and numeracy strategies for more than 10 years .
These give detailed plans for teachers on what to convey to pupils throughout the school year , with an expectation that there should be daily lessons in reading , writing and arithmetic .
They are not compulsory , but schools whose results are not good face awkward questions from Ofsted inspectors if they are not using them .
Standards - as measured by national curriculum test results - improved rapidly at first but have risen only slowly in recent years .
FROM THE TODAY PROGRAMME Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from Today programme Mr Balls is expected to say that from 2011 he is ending the multi-million pound contract with private company Capita to deliver the strategies .
He told the World at One on BBC Radio 4 he was emphatically not saying schools would move away from having daily literacy and numeracy hours .
The strategies had been needed to get school leaders to focus on improving standards - but they could now choose for themselves how best to spend the money these were costing .
The changes will be part of a wide - ranging White Paper expected to be published on Tuesday .
A spokeswoman for the Department for Children , Schools and Families said this would set out a new approach to local authority and school accountability and support , making the support that schools could access even more tailored to their individual needs and circumstances .
" We must continue to do the very best to ensure that all children get the reading and writing skills they need to succeed in later life .
" This is not about getting rid of rid of the literacy and numeracy hours but a renewed push to raise standards and provide new forms of support and challenge for schools who need it . "
Classroom overhaul Earlier this year former Ofsted director of inspection Sir Jim Rose produced a report for the government on a proposed overhaul of primary schooling in England .
He recommended that information and communication technology should be central to the curriculum alongside English , maths and personal skills - instead of science .
And ministers have agreed to the findings of a group of educationists and head teachers who said formal Sats tests for 10 and 11 - year - olds might eventually be replaced by teacher assessments of their pupils .
The leader of the National Union of Teachers , Christine Blower , said many would welcome " the dropping of the top down imposed strategies " .
" Ed Balls ' recognition that teachers ' professional judgement can be trusted to deliver the curriculum is long overdue , " she said .
" The government needs now to accept and promote the same ethos for assessment . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
According to Adams , despite the big increases in spending in the last 10 years , staff do not have the training and resources to deal with the increasing number of pupils who display problems .
" It is true that some head teachers and local authorities do not take behaviour seriously enough and support teachers , " he says .
" But there is also not enough money to deal with these children .
I had one class where eight of the 19 pupils had behavioural and emotional difficulties .
When you 're spending your time trying to separate them and keeping them in their seats , the level of teaching plummets . "
NEW YORK -- Alex Rodriguez slammed his bat and then threw it .
The first Subway Series game at new Yankee Stadium was over .
And then it was n't .
Second baseman Luis Castillo dropped A - Rod 's two - out popup in the ninth inning as Derek Jeter scored from second and Mark Teixeira from first , giving the Yankees a wild 9 - 8 victory over the Mets on Friday night .
" As soon as I slid in , I hugged Jete and I said , ` What just happened ? ' because I could n't believe it , " Teixeira said .
David Wright had put the Mets ahead 8 - 7 with an eighth - inning double off Mariano Rivera ( 1 - 2 ) , and Francisco Rodriguez ( 1 - 1 ) appeared to escape a ninth - inning jam on the popup by A - Rod , just 1 for 17 in his career off K - Rod , including the postseason .
But Castillo kept drifting toward the foul line and allowed the ball to pop out of his glove as he tried for a one - handed catch on the right field grass .
The Yankees ran onto the field to celebrate .
A few minutes later , Castillo sat alone in the visitor 's clubhouse , leaning forward , his elbows on his knees , his head resting on his hands .
His eyes were reddening .
A three - time Gold Glove winner , Castillo called it a " routine fly ball . "
" I feel bad .
I feel so bad , " he said following his fifth error of the season .
" The ball was moving a little bit . "
It was yet another stunning defeat for the Mets , who keep finding new ways to lose .
They lost to Florida on April 12 when left fielder Daniel Murphy dropped Cody Ross ' fly ball .
And on May 18 they lost to the Los Angeles Dodgers after Ryan Church missed third base en route to not scoring the go - ahead run in the 11th inning .
" We 'll have to fight through this , " Mets manager Jerry Manuel said .
" This is definitely a tremendous test for us . "
Both teams came in staggering .
The Yankees had been swept in a three - game series at Boston 's Fenway Park and the Mets lost to Philadelphia in extra innings on consecutive days .
" Of course , we feel like we just stole one , " Jeter said .
" We were lucky .
That 's just the bottom line . "
Jeter had singled with one out and stole second as pinch - hitter Johnny Damon struck out on the ninth pitch .
Teixeira was intentionally walked and Alex Rodriguez got ahead 3 - 0 before taking a strike and then popping up .
Teixeira focused on third base coach Rob Thomson and ran hard from first the entire way .
He easily beat shortstop Alex Cora 's relay from Castillo .
" When he started waving me , I , you know , put it into second gear , " Teixeira said .
" I do n't have a third , fourth and fifth . "
It was the first blown save by K - Rod in 17 chances this season .
" I still do n't believe it , " A - Rod said .
" I could n't believe what I saw .
I 've never seen that before . "
On a night the Mets brought some real energy to Yankee Stadium , known thus far for home runs and empty premium seats , the crowd of 47,967 was the largest since opening day but again short of a sellout .
Fans saw five more home runs at the Bronx bandbox , raising the total to a major league - leading 110 in 30 games .
Gary Sheffield homered for the Mets , and Robinson Cano , Teixeira , Jeter and Hideki Matsui connected for the Yankees , who wasted leads of 1 - 0 , 3 - 2 and 7 - 6 before winning .
Matsui turned 35 and homered on his birthday for the second straight year -- last year he hit a grand slam off Oakland 's Joe Blanton .
Rivera made a rare eighth - inning appearance in a tie game when he relieved with two outs and the score 7 - 7 .
Carlos Beltran reached on just the third walk off Rivera in 26 2/3 innings this year .
With the count 2 - 2 , Beltran took off for second and Wright turned on a pitch over the middle of the plate .
The ball hit the wall in right - center on a hop , and Beltran scored without a throw as Rivera hung his head and grimaced .
Wright is hitting .633 ( 19 for 30 ) in his last eight games , raising his major league - leading average to .364 .
But Castillo 's error undid that .
Mets fans were on him for much of last year , and are likely to direct their wrath at him anew .
" It will definitely be a battle again , " Manuel said .
" Not only for him , but for us as well . "
Notes
Sheffield 's homer went just inside the left - field foul pole and raised his career total to 505 , moving past Eddie Murray into sole possession of 24th place .
... Teixeira has nine homers in his last 15 home games and 13 in his last 25 overall .
... Yankees RHP Brian Bruney ( elbow ) is to make a rehab appearance Saturday for Double - A Trenton .
...
The Yankees had not won on a game - ending error since July 7 , 2003 , when Matsui scored as Boston 2B Todd Walker booted Curtis Pride 's grounder , according to the Elias Sports Bureau .
Transcript :
Jason :
Where 'd all my Warhammer miniatures go ?!
Andy : I needed the table , so I put them in this shoebox .
Jason : Aaaa !
You put them all in one box ?!
Andy :
What 's wrong with that ?
Jason :
They 'll get all scratched up !
I spent weeks and weeks painting them !
Andy : I was very careful and gentle , Jason , relax .
Jason : " Care " has nothing to do with it !
They ;re orks and space marines !
They 're mortal enemies !
They 're probably destroying each other as we speak !
Andy : Look , see ?
They 're fine .
Jason :
You 're lucky I used chip - resistant paint .
Andy :
Be sure you are n't accidentally inhaling the fumes , by the way .
California NORML Report
by Dale Gieringer , Ph.D. – Updated October 2009
Marijuana Legalization Could Yield California Taxpayers
Over $ 1.2 Billion Per Year
Additional Spinoff Benefits Up To $ 12 -$ 18 Billion
While California struggles to address the state ’s swelling budget deficit , the legalization of marijuana looms as an attractive way of raising revenue for the state .
California NORML estimates that a legally regulated market for marijuana could yield the state at least $ 1.2 billion in tax revenues and reduced enforcement costs .
A basic $ 50 / ounce excise tax ( roughly $ 1 / joint ) would yield about $ 770 – 900 million per year plus another $ 240 - 360 million in sales taxes .
In addition , the state would save over $ 200 million in enforcement costs for arrests , prosecutions and prison .
Additional benefits would accrue from increased employment and spinoff industries .
Total retail sales of marijuana could be on the order of $ 3 - $ 5 billion , with total economic impact of $ 12 - $ 18 billion including spinoff industries such as coffeehouses , tourism , plus industrial hemp .
California NORML ’s analysis of the benefits of marijuana legalization are as follows :
An excise tax of $ 50 per ounce of marijuana would raise about $ 770 – 900 million per year .
Retail sales on the legal market would range from $ 3 – $ 4.5 billion , generating
another $ 240 – 360 million in sales taxes .
another $ 240 – 360 million in sales taxes .
Legalization would save over $ 200 million in law enforcement costs for arrest , prosecution , trial and imprisonment of marijuana offenders .
Need for CAMP helicopter surveillance would also be eliminated .
Based on experience with the cigarette tax , total revenues of $ 1.5 – $ 2.5 billion might ultiimately be realized .
Based on experience with the wine industry , the total economic activity generated by legal marijuana could be nearly four times as great as retail sales , around $ 12 – $ 18 billion .
Amsterdam - style coffeehouses would generate jobs and tourism .
If the marijuana industry were just one - third the size of the wine industry , it would generate 50,000 jobs and $ 1.4 billion in wages , along with additional income and business tax revenues for the state .
Industrial hemp could also become a major business , comparable to the $ 3.4 billion cotton industry in California .
Details of California NORML ’s analysis follow below .
Revenue from Taxation of Legal Marijuana
( A) Consumption : More than 1.95 million Californians
According to the US Dept of Health & Human Services SAMHSA 2007 survey of drug use , 1.95 million Californians admit to having used marijuana in the past month .
Insofar as these figures are based on self - reporting of illicit activity , they are probably on the low side .
According to a 2002 - 4 SAMHSA survey , daily users constitute 20 % of this population , or about 400,000 Californians .
The bulk of consumption is accounted for by “ regular ” users , who consume marijuana at least several times per week .
Included is a small minority of very heavy smokers ( 10 or more joints per day ) , who push the average consumption figures upwards .
According to a British survey by the Independent Drug Monitoring Unit [ 1 ] , “ regular ” users average 2 oz of cannabis per month or about 2 grams per day ( a gram yields one or two joints ) .
The population of regular users is somewhat larger than that of daily users .
Assuming 500,000 – 600,000 “ regular users ” in California averaging 2 grams per day , consumption by this group accounts for 1.0 to 1.2 million grams per day .
Assuming the remaining ~ 1.5 million monthly users average one joint every week , this adds another 200,000 grams per day .
Total marijuana consumption by Californians may therefore be reasonably estimated at 1.2 to 1.4 million grams per day , or about 0.95 to 1.1 million pounds per year .
( B) Economic Revenues from Taxation : a $ 2.7 – $ 4.5 billion market
The total value of the domestic marijuana market can be estimated on the basis of its current retail price .
Depending on quality , retail price of a single gram ( one or two joints ) ranges around $ 10 – $ 15 ( $ 280 – $ 420 / ounce ) for domestic bud , or as low as $ 5 - 7 for Mexican grass .
For comparison , the prevailing price on the quasi-legal Dutch market is $ 6 / gram .
At $ 10 / gram , the total value of California ’s domestic marijuana market comes to about $ 4.5 billion per year .
In a legal market , prices could be expected to fall .
If they fell to current Dutch prices , the retail value of the current market would be $ 2.7 billion .
However , this decrease would be at least partly offset by an increase in consumption .
In sum , the total domestic market might reasonably be estimated at $ 2.7 – $ 4.5 billion in California .
( By way of comparison , in the Netherlands cannabis is reported to be a 2 billion Euro business generating some 400 million Euros in tax revenues per year [ 5 ] . )
Excise taxes could be used to regulate the price of marijuana and generate revenues for the state .
At current levels of consumption , an excise tax of $ 1 per gram of marijuana would yield $ 430 – $ 510 million per year .
A higher tax of $ 50 per ounce ( roughly $ 1 per half - gram joint ) would yield around $ 770 – $ 900 million , about the same as California ’s current excise tax on cigarettes .
Other economic studies have attempted to evaluate the revenues from a marijuana excise tax .
According to a study by Caputo and Ostrom [ 2 ] , a nationwide excise tax would yield $ 3.44 - $ 12.25 billion ( inflation adjusted to current dollars ) .
Adjusted for population , California ’s share would come to $ 400 million – $ 1.5 billion .
Similar results were obtained by Gieringer [ 3 ] , who estimated $ 3.2 – $ 6.4 billion based on a nationwide $ 1 per joint tax , or $ 400 – $ 800 million for California .
Doubling the tax to $ 2 per joint could bring the total up to $ 1.5 billion in California .
Sales tax would boost total revenues over $ 1 billion
In addition to the excise taxes , sales taxes could generate another $ 240 – $ 360 million , depending on the size of the total domestic market ( $ 3- $ 4.5 billion ) .
Added to a $ 50 / oz excise tax , total revenues would be $ 1 – $ 1.2 billion
Another way to estimate the total tax revenues from marijuana is by drawing a parallel with California ’s current tax on cigarettes .
Fully one - half of the current price of cigarettes is accounted for by taxes and fees .
On a $ 3.60 pack , consumers pay a $ 0.87 excise tax , $ 0.28 in sales tax , and another $ 0.74 for the tobacco settlement .
A similar 50 % level of taxation in a legal $ 3 – 5 billion marijuana market would yield $ 1.5 – $ 2.5 billion .
Spinoff Industries with Total Impact of $ 12 – $ 18 Billion
A legal market would generate additional benefits in the form of tourism and spinoff industries , such as coffee shops , paraphernalia , and industrial hemp .
A comparable example would be California ’s wine industry , which generates $ 51.8 billion in economic activity according to the Wine Institute [ 4 ] .
With $ 12.3 billion in retail sales , the wine industry generates 309,000 jobs , $ 10.1 billion in wages , and $ 2 billion in tourist expenditures .
Extrapolating these figures to a legal marijuana market with 25 % – 35 % as much retail sales , one might expect $ 12 - $ 18 billion in total economic activity , with 60,000 to 110,000 jobs , and $ 2.5 to $ 3.5 billion in legal wages , which would generate additional income and business taxes for the state .
With California taking the lead in marijuana legalization , especially strong spinoff benefits could be expected .
For instance , Amsterdam - style coffeehouses would create jobs and be a magnet for tourism .
Another spinoff industry of note would be industrial hemp , which California used to grow in the Delta and Imperial Valley .
The hemp industry in California could rival the size of the cotton industry , which now generates $ 3.4 billion in revenues per year according to the National Cotton Council .
COST OF MARIJUANA ENFORCEMENT IN CALIFORNIA IS OVER $ 200 MILLION PER YEAR
The cost of marijuana enforcement in California currently can be estimated at over $ 200 million per year , as follows .
State prison
( 1500 prisoners @ $ 49 K per year – 2009 est . )
Jail costs ( est. 40 % of prison population ) $ 29.4 million
Felony prosecution , court & probation
( est. 8500 felony prosecutions ( 2008 ) , SF DA ’s office est. $ 9250 per case )
Felony arrests 17,000 arrests ( 2008 ) @ $ 732 / arrest * $ 12.4 million
Misdemeanor court costs : $ 100 court time / case , 61,000 cases ) $ 6.1 million
Misdemeanor arrests ( $ 300 / arrest , * offset by fines ) — – $ 0
California Marijuana Suppression Program ( OCJP ) $ 3.8 million
TOTAL : $ 203.8 million
Not counted above are costs of non-helicopter surveillance and investigation by local sheriffs and police .
Also not counted are the substantial costs of criminal penalties to prisoners and their families .
* Arrest costs based on report by State Office of Narcotics and Drug Abuse to the Cal. legislature “ A First Report of the Impact of California ’s New Marijuana Law ” ( 1977 ) , adjusted for inflation .
Sources :
[ 1 ] M. Atha and S. Blanchard , “ Self - reported drug consumption patterns and attitudes towards drugs among 1333 regular cannabis users , ” Published by the Independent Drug Monitoring Unit 1997 .
Cited in Leslie Iversen , The Science of Marijuana , Oxford Press .
2000 , pp. 217-9 .
[ 2 ] Caputo and Ostrom , “ Potential Tax Revenue from a Regulated Marijuana Market ” , American Journal of Economics and Sociology , Oct 1994 .
[ 3 ] D. Gieringer , “ Economics of Cannabis Legalization , ” in Ed Rosenthal , ed. Hemp Today , Quick Publishing , Oakland 1994 .
[ 4 ] California Wine Institute , California Wine Industry Statistical Highlights , 2008 .
[ 5 ] Crossroads Magazine ( Masstricht ) , NIS News , May 5 , 2008 .
From the AP , we learn more about domestic terrorist Scott Roeder , his family and his acquaintances , including more statements from figures we have already heard from :
Some anti-abortion activists said they were familiar with Roeder .
Regina Dinwiddie , a protester in the Kansas City area , said she had picketed a Planned Parenthood clinic with Roeder .
She said she was " glad " about Tiller 's death .
Dinwiddie , you may recall , was one who witnessed Roeder threatening a doctor in 1996 but did nothing , earning a hug from Roeder .
She is less than heartbroken now , it seems .
And here 's another comment from Dave Leach , who met Roeder when Leach was visiting with Shelley Shannon , who was convicted of shooting Dr. Tiller in both arms in 1993 :
Dave Leach , publisher of the magazine Prayer and Action News , said he met Roeder about 15 years ago .
A decade ago , Roeder subscribed to the quarterly magazine , which is published in Iowa and has said " justifiable homicide " against abortion providers can be supported , Leach said .
" Scott is not my hero in that sense ; he has not inspired me to shoot an abortionist , " Leach said in an e-mail .
" But definitely , he will be the hero to thousands of babies who will not be slain because Scott sacrificed everything for them . "
So we know Leach will not be shooting abortionists himself -- but he considers Roeder " a hero to thousands of babies " , and says that " Scott sacrificed " for them .
What a guy .
As reported earlier , when he was arrested after the murder , Roeder was found with the name and phone number of Operation Rescue 's Cheryl Sullenger on the dashboard of his car .
Sullenger is herself a felon convicted of conspiring to bomb an abortion clinic in 1988 : she is a " Senior Policy Advisor " at Operation Rescue ( leading to the obvious question of what such a person is doing in such a role with a group that has made a very , very vocal point in the last 24 hours of claiming to deplore such violence . )
Already , the most virulent of anti-abortion forces are asserting the killer was a lone nut , and one that should not reflect on them ; that depends , however , on your definition of " lone " .
Right now there are still plenty of questions , and few answers , but the tightness of the most violent elements of the anti-abortion movement surrounding Dr. Tiller certainly seems noteworthy .
Consider the connections we already are aware of .
We know that Dr. Tiller 's previous shooter , Dr. Tiller 's future murderer , and a man who actively endorsed the notion that murdering doctors like George Tiller would be God 's will all had previously met and communicated with each other .
We know that Roeder , previously arrested for possession of bomb materials , had not " recently " talked to Sullenger , herself convicted for conspiring to bomb a California clinic -- but that caveat , " recently " , seems to confirm that they did talk to each other .
We know Roeder had frequent visitors to his home for apparent " religious gatherings " ; he was far from isolated .
It seems that Roeder fairly swam in a sea of anti-abortion ex-felons and their supporters , all of whom are even now making unconvincing condemnations of his acts at best , and openly cheering the assassination at worst .
The extent to which violent figures within the movement know each other and interact seems worthy of substantive investigation .
Perhaps it will prevent the next murder , one which no doubt will also be called an " isolated act . "
VERSE OF THE DAY
VISIT MY OTHER SITES AND BLOGS ...
Creative writing prompts and ideas , useful tips and resources for writers and bloggers .
Simple recipes for people who want to prepare a delicious meal without having to spend the whole day in the kitchen .
All tried and true .
" The Story of My Life " - Helen Keller 's autobiography .
An amazing destiny illustrating God 's wonderful work in human life and the ultimate victory over adverse circumstances .
An original collection of funny nursery rhymes .
SUPPORT ELIZA'S PRAYER BOX
Warning : this project appears to have died , and the information in this page is abandoned / obsolete
Ubuntu Desktop Course 8.04 LTS is now available as PDFs in several languages , instructor and student versions .
Many thanks to community members who worked hard writing , reviewing , editing , proofreading and translating !
Note :
You can generate localized docbook and HTML from project source .
Overview
The course is modular , taking 2 days if all lessons are covered .
Topics and lessons can be selected as required .
There are 10 lessons .
The last , Partitioning and Booting , is optional .
There are two versions of the course : Instructor : has instructor notes and answers to exercise questions .
Student : excludes instructor notes and answers to exercise questions .
The course content is released under Creative Commons : BY - NC - SA .
For more information on this , please refer to : http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/3.0/
Download PDFs
Here are the currently available PDFs of guide .
Student and instructor versions , in various languages .
The files are large ( around 60 MB ) .
Project Source and Development
Community participation in development and translation is greatly appreciated .
Activities are discussed on this email list : ubuntu-training-community@lists.ubuntu.com
Discussions are occurring to decide whether to develop a new version for the Lucid LTS release , so stay tuned .
The source format is a docbook book , translated through po files in Launchpad Translations ( https://translations.launchpad.net/ubuntu-desktop-course), with a build structure based on http://launchpad.net/doctemplate.
Download Source and Build PDFs
Install bzr as follows : sudo apt - get install bzr Obtain the source in a new directory as follows : bzr branch lp:ubuntu - desktop - course
See the README file for instructions on building localized HTML , PDF and docbook and on localization ( including images ) .
Note on Translations
There may be translations that were originally done directly in language - specific docbook xml files and that have not been ported to po files ( the new translation approach ) .
This conversion is required to produced localized versions , and it needs to be done by native language speakers .
If PDFs for your desired language are not available , please email the list : ubuntu-training-community@lists.ubuntu.com .
Latest News
In August of last year , the USCF was sued by current Executive Board Member Susan Polgar for $ 25 million ( later reduced to $ 10 million ) .
This and other suits related to her conduct and the conduct of her husband and fellow Executive Board Member Paul Truong , have caused the USCF to incur enormous legal fees over the last 10 months and has made the budget process for next fiscal year extremely difficult .
As a result , the USCF has had to make some difficult cuts , including a reduction to personnel costs of 20 % for an undetermined period .
Personally , for me , it was a very difficult task to return to the office and share this with the employees after the last Executive Board meeting .
Naturally , morale in the office was impacted ; however , I must communicate to the membership the pride I felt in watching how the staff ultimately handled the situation .
The staff met and offered solutions for implementation .
Even though this was personally very difficult for each of them , they rallied together , took ownership of what we faced , and bought into a plan .
I want the membership to know that you have a dedicated staff in the headquarters that now is making significant personal sacrifices to continue to provide you with the membership services that you deserve .
Until further notice and effective immediately , the USCF headquarters will be operating on a four day work week , with the offices closed on each Friday .
I hope that this is in effect for as brief a period as possible .
Bill Hall
USCF Executive Director
America 's nuclear industry and its supporters in Congress have moved to hijack Barack Obama 's agenda for greening the economy by producing a rival plan to build 100 new reactors in 20 years , and staking a claim for the money to come from a proposed clean energy development bank .
Republicans in the House of Representatives produced a spoiler version of the Democrats ' climate change bill this week , calling for a doubling of the number of nuclear reactors in the US by 2030 .
The 152 - page Republican bill contains just one reference to climate change , and proposes easing controls for new nuclear plants .
In the Senate , Republican leaders , including the former presidential candidate John McCain , also called this week for loan guarantees for building new reactors to rise from $ 18.5 bn ( £ 11.2 bn ) to $ 38bn .
Other Republicans have called on the administration to underwrite the $ 122bn start - up costs of 19 nuclear reactors , whose applications are now under review by the department of energy .
" If you care about climate change ... 100 new nuclear power plants is the place to start , " said Lamar Alexander , a Republican from Tennessee who is the strongest proponent of nuclear power in the Senate .
Another crucial element of the Republicans ' " nuclear renaissance " are two rival proposals for a " clean energy bank " now before Congress .
One version , under consideration by the Senate , envisages almost unlimited federal loan guarantees to encourage wind and solar power and , nuclear proponents hope , new reactors .
Ellen Vancko , of the Union of Concerned Scientists , said : " The nuclear industry would like to be able to finance the next generation of nuclear reactors using the faith and credit of the US taxpayer to underwrite the expansion .
They do n't want to be responsible for any risk of financing these plants and neither do their lenders . "
No new reactors have been ordered in 30 years , not least due to the challenges of raising $ 5 bn - $ 12 bn to build a new plant .
But the industry is hoping for a surge in orders for new reactors around the world and assurances from Obama 's energy secretary , Steven Chu , of nuclear power 's place in America 's long - term energy mix .
Nuclear industry executives told Congress this week that 429 new nuclear plants were planned or under construction around the world .
In the US , the energy department is reviewing 19 applications for new nuclear reactors .
Construction , if they are approved , could begin in 2011 .
Much of the push for nuclear power comes from the conservative south , which has more reactors than anywhere else in the US and which is less suited than other regions for wind or solar development .
The campaign faces two challenges : the huge cost of construction and the lack of permanent storage for nuclear waste .
The Obama administration has blocked a 22 - year project to dump waste from reactors in Nevada 's Yucca Mountain .
But the biggest obstacle to Republican dreams of a nuclear renaissance is start - up costs .
Last month , John Rowe , chairman of Exelon , which operates 17 nuclear reactors , said he would cancel or delay construction of two new reactors in Texas without federal loan guarantees .
He said the government assurances were " imperative " because of the high capital costs of nuclear reactors .
Obama 's $ 787bn economic recovery plan set aside $ 50bn for the nuclear industry but Democrats in Congress cut out the funds .
Frustrated fans of nuclear power , such as McCain , accused Obama and Chu of ignoring its potential .
" They remember Chernobyl and Three Mile Island and all those scenes in the movies that are apocalyptic about nuclear power , " he said .
If Republican efforts in Congress for a nuclear energy bill and a clean energy bank fail , the US nuclear renaissance is likely to be restricted to new reactors already being built .
Jim Riccio , Greenpeace nuclear analyst , said : " The renaissance is on hold or maybe dead on arrival . "
A new technique for finding wet exoplanets got a field test when astronomers pretended to be aliens .
" If you were on another planet , you ’d look at Earth and say , ' That looks like the most interesting planet around that star , ' " said Nicolas Cowan , a grad student at the University of Washington and lead author of the study .
" Any critter with half a brain can look at Earth and say , ' That ’s the one that looks different . '
The question is how to quantify what it is that makes it look interesting . "
Astronomers used a telescope aboard the Deep Impact spacecraft — which crashed a probe into a comet in 2005 and is on its way to another — to stare at Earth for two separate 24 - hour periods .
They tracked the changes in light and color that crossed the Earth 's surface as it rotated , and connected them back to continents and oceans .
The results will be published in the August issue of Astrophysical Journal .
Though the spacecraft was only 30 million miles away from Earth , light years closer than the nearest extrasolar planet , it was far enough to blur out the distinctive features of the Earth 's surface .
" It ’s like watching a movie if you had really poor eyesight , " said co-author Eric Agol of the University of Washington .
" You ’ll see the screen getting lighter and darker , you might see different colors , but it would n’t give you very much information about what ’s going on on the screen . "
Once the team had data on the color variations of the blurry dot's surface , they used a mathematical analysis to pick out which colors were the most important .
" The technique is largely used for pattern recognition , " Cowan said .
" It 's trying to fake human intuition for a computer . "
They found that some areas of the Earth are reflective at long , or red , wavelengths , and others are reflective at short , or blue , wavelengths .
When Cowan and his colleagues mapped the red and blue zones and compared them to a map of the Earth , the red areas corresponded to continents and the blue ones lined up with oceans .
The same technique could pick out oceans and continents on other blurry dots orbiting other stars .
" We ’d like to be able to tell when we ’re looking at an extrasolar system , are we looking at something potentially habitable and even more interestingly , something inhabited , " said co-author Timothy Livengood of NASA Goddard Space Flight Center .
" So we look back at our one example , ourselves , to see if our models are any good . "
" If you wanted to do that by hand it would ’ve been cheating , because we know that Earth has oceans , " Cowan said .
" We were trying to see if the data could support that without imposing our own ideas about what the Earth actually looks like . "
The technique has a number of limitations .
Because it averages colors over a north - south slice of the planet as it rotates , it can only detect changes from east to west .
This is great for telling Africa from the Atlantic , but would miss things like lakes at the poles or planets made entirely of oceans .
Earth is the only planet we know of with distinct oceans and continents , and we do n't fully understand their origins .
Extrasolar planets may have to be remarkably Earth - like for this method to find them .
" People run into this problem a lot in astrobiology , " Cowan said .
" We ’re looking for a planet that has life on it , and because Earth is the only one we know of , we end up looking for planets just like Earth .
That ’s probably a little narrow - minded .
We ’re being conservative , saying ' Let ’s start with the one example that we know . ' "
Still , the technique is a much quicker way to get a broad idea of what a planet looks like than other standard methods .
Taking a full spectrum of the planet and looking for " fingerprints " of individual molecules can take months .
This method takes one of the target planet 's days .
Livengood said the technique could be used to quickly pick out planets to observe in greater detail , making missions more efficient .
" If we can minimize the amount of time spent observing , we ’ve just made it a much more practical mission , " he said .
Knowing the technique works could help shape the next generation of telescopes , and perhaps even speed up the search for other Earths .
" People assumed that the cool science was only going to happen when we had really enormous spectrographs up in space to image the atmospheres , " Cowan said .
" Turns out we can leapfrog that . "
" It ’s very interesting and promising , but it ’s a step in a very complex and challenging goal , " said astronomer Eric Ford at the University of Florida .
" It ’s another step along the way to figure out how we ’ll be able to study these planets and what we ’ll be able to learn and what types of observations we need to make to learn it .
I ’m sure it will motivate further work . "
Images : NASA , Nicolas B. Cowan , and The EPOXI Team
See Also :
A French military operation to free a yacht hijacked by Somali pirates backfired yesterday when one of the hostages was killed , highlighting the perils facing US forces trying to free an American seaman being held captive in a parallel pirate standoff .
Despite the rescue of his four fellow hostages , including his three - year - old son , Florent Lemaçon was shot dead on board the Tanit during the raid by elite French forces .
Two pirates also died , and three others were taken prisoner , said the French defence minister , Herve Morin .
Standing by the commando - style tactics , the French president Nicolas Sarkozy 's office confirmed " France 's determination not to give into blackmail , and to defeat the pirates " .
However , Morin later said that , in a break with usual French policy , a ransom had been offered to the pirates , who hijacked the Tanit last weekend as it sailed towards Zanzibar .
He said Sarkozy had given the order to attack after negotiations had broken down and the pirates threatened to execute the hostages .
" Of course we offered all we could offer ... we even offered them a ransom , " said Morin , declining to name the sum proposed .
" All these things were permanently and consistently refused . "
He said France had also suggested " exchanging " Colin , the child , and his mother , Chloe , for an officer , but that had also been rejected .
Military sources last night said it was unclear whether Lemaçon , the owner of the yacht , had been killed accidentally or whether he had been murdered .
General Jean - Louis Georgelin , the army chief , said the 28 - year - old had been shot inside the yacht during an exchange of fire between French forces and the pirates .
Officials expressed exasperation at the determination of the Tanit 's crew to persist with their expedition despite the parlous security situation in the region , saying the couple had been " strongly warned " about their adventure by the navy .
Amid accusations the couple , who set off from Brittany last year , had behaved irresponsibly , Lemaçon 's father , Francis , last week defended their actions .
" They are experienced sailors and certainly not irresponsible .
They followed the advice they were given , took the less dangerous route and were in constant contact with the French forces , " he told the Ouest France newspaper .
France has taken a robust approach to the piracy scourge threatening the world 's shipping through the vital Gulf of Aden - Indian Ocean conduit .
Twice it has sought to make pirates pay for their actions ; firstly last April , by pursuing the bandits on land through Somalia , and then in September by storming a seized French yacht .
But the unfortunate outcome of yesterday 's operation underscored the formidable difficulties facing taskforces policing the treacherous waters off east Africa .
In particular , it will focus attention on the US military as it confronts a hostage crisis unfolding further north off the Horn of Africa , where a US seaman is being held by four gunmen adrift in a lifeboat .
Captain Richard Phillips offered himself up as a hostage to persuade the armed bandits to leave his ship , the Maersk Alabama , which was seized on Wednesday .
The US quickly dispatched a destroyer , the USS Bainbridge , to the scene .
The warship is prowling several hundred yards away from the drifting launch .
At one point early yesterday , Phillips tried to escape by swimming to the destroyer .
The four pirates quickly jumped in and hauled him back aboard .
Later , allies of the pirates told Reuters they wanted $ 2 m ( £ 1.36 m ) for their captive .
After a winter lull , the epidemic of piracy in the Indian Ocean has rapidly re-emerged in recent days .
Various gangs along Somalia 's coast are holding 18 foreign ships – including five taken this week – and more than 250 hostages .
Success last year , when they netted tens of millions of pounds in ransoms , has allowed them to invest in new boats and equipment , enabling the pirates to attack far out to sea .
The hijacking of the Alabama is believed the first pirate attack on an American - flagged merchant ship in 200 years .
Last night , a pirate source told Reuters that associates were heading towards the scene of the standoff on a captive German vessel with foreign hostages still on board to act as human shields .
" Knowing that the Americans will not destroy this German ship and its foreign crew , they [ the approaching pirates ] hope they can meet their friends on the lifeboat , " the pirate said .
But with at least two other US warships approaching , it was unclear whether the pirates would dare , or be allowed , to get near the lifeboat , which has run out of fuel .
" Other pirates want to come and help their friends , but that would be like sentencing themselves to death , " said Andrew Mwangura , co-ordinator of the East African Seafarers ' Assistance Programme , which monitors the region 's seas .
Some observers believe the stalemate can still be resolved without ransom or bloodshed .
Mwangura said he expected Phillips would be released in exchange for guaranteed safe passage back to Somalia for the gunmen .
" I think this will be resolved in the next day or two , " he said .
The pirates may , however , have enough resources in the lifeboat to last some time longer than that .
Joseph Murphy , a professor at the Massachusetts Maritime Academy , and whose son Shane is second in command of the Alabama , said the 8.5 m ( 27ft ) lifeboat was likely to have been stocked with enough food and water to last 34 people for 10 days .
The Tanit blog
Extracts from the blog Chloe Lemaçon wrote during the family 's journey :
First post , November 2007 " ...
We want to travel as close as possible to nature ... we just want to show Colin that you do n't really need any of that ... to be happy . "
July 2008
" For us , leaving is just about living differently .
We do n't want to become rich and famous .
We do n't want to lock ourselves in the everyday life of the west ... "
January 12 2009
" There 's still the problem of piracy .
We have read up on it and think the subject is hyped up by the media .
It 's true there is a risk , but no higher than in Venezuela , for example "
March 5
" The night is calm , the wind from the north has weakened .
In the early hours the sea is beautiful ... we caught our fourth barracuda so Flo made us fried fish with buckwheat ... "
Final post , March 20 " ...
We are right in the middle of the piracy danger zone ... however nothing to show for it ... [ a French navy commander ] advises us to stay off the commercial shipping routes ... it 's rather nice to have this contact with France in the middle of the sea , far from home ! "
Bruce shows up late , but we do get a full panel to talk about The Sims 3 and the franchise in general .
Tom gets all artsy , Julian makes an odd comparison and Troy is a cheater .
One of the four panelists hates The Sims , by the way .
No prize for guessing who .
And be sure to check out Crispy Gamer for Tom ’s Sims 3 RTS Challenge .
Can you turn his loser into a success ?
Listen here .
RSS here .
Subscribe on iTunes .
Robin Burkinshaw ’s sad story of Alice and Kev ( originally on the Quarter to Three forum )
Tom ’s Sims Diaries at Fidgit
( CNN ) -- A Tennessee man is facing charges of aggravated sexual exploitation of a minor for what authorities say are three pictures -- none of them featuring an actual child 's body .
Instead , according to testimony presented at Michael Wayne Campbell 's preliminary hearing in Chattanooga , Tennessee , on Wednesday , the photos feature the faces of three young girls placed on the nude bodies of adult females , CNN affiliate WDEF reported .
Hamilton County Det. Michael Cox said Campbell told authorities " he wanted to see what they would look like as adults , " according to WDEF .
Two of the faces were of local girls -- a 10 - year - old and 12 - year - old , the station reported .
The third face appears to be Miley Cyrus , 16 , star of Disney 's popular television series " Hannah Montana " and its big - screen adaptation , " Hanna Montana : The Movie , " according to WDEF .
Investigators do not believe Campbell had any contact with the three girls , but " when you have the face of a small child affixed to a nude body of a mature woman , it 's going to be the state 's position that this is for sexual gratification and that this is simulated sexual activity , " Assistant District Attorney Dave Denny said during Wednesday 's hearing .
Attempts to contact Denny by CNN Wednesday were unsuccessful .
Cases like Campbell 's present a unique legal issue .
The U.S. Supreme Court in 2002 ruled that " virtual child pornography , " in which no children were actually harmed , is protected speech and does not constitute a crime .
Since then , " more and more of these guys are using morphed images , image manipulations " in an attempt to circumvent prosecution , Ernie Allen , president of the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children , said Wednesday .
Such attempts are not always successful , Allen said , as charges can still be filed under obscenity laws or other statutes .
Also , other avenues can be pursued when the faces used are those of real , identifiable people , he said .
" We see it all the time , " Allen said .
" It makes it harder for law enforcement .
It makes it tougher for prosecutors . "
" It 's definitely on the increase , " said Justin Fitzsimmons , a former prosecutor and senior attorney with the National Center for the Prosecution of Child Abuse , part of the National District Attorneys ' Association .
" People are trying to come up with creative ways to continue to sexually exploit children using digital evidence . "
Generally , what is seen is the " Photoshop effect , " in which people use the face of a child on an adult body or vice versa in an effort to get around the law , he said .
Nearly every state , however , has adopted a law in response to the Supreme Court decision in the case , Fitzsimmons said .
For instance , Tennessee 's laws state that in prosecuting the offense of sexual exploitation of a minor , " the state is not required to prove the actual identity or age of the minor . "
As to the success of such prosecutions , " there have not been a huge number of them , " Allen said .
While some have been successful and won convictions , many such cases are still in the appellate process .
Fitzsimmons said he believes it is too soon to gauge the success or failure of prosecutorial efforts , as the cases " are just being challenged now . "
" It really is sort of a blending of technology and the law , " he said , and predicted such issues would become more common as society becomes more and more high - tech and technology is increasingly used in the commission of crimes .
Campbell was bound over to a grand jury , according to Hamilton County online court records .
All About Pornography • Tennessee
The courageous freedom fighters on the streets of Tehran are in desperate need of your support .
One of dictator Mahmoud Ahmadinejad ’s opponents , Mohsen Rezaie , has now withdrawn his complaint to the Guardian Council concerning the Presidential election scandal in Iran .
In a letter quoted by the IRNA , the conservative candidate regretted that despite a five day delay , too little time would remain for the council to examine the cases of voting irregularities .
He also said that the “ political , social and security situation was in a sensitive and crucial phase which was more important than the elections ” .
As a “ soldier of the revolution ” , he saw it as his duty to inform the Guardian Council that that he did not intend to pursue his complaint .
Your help is now needed more than ever .
Millions of people across the globe are taking part in this struggle for freedom .
On YouTube , Twitter , Facebook and other websites , the whole world has been following the dramatic events , hoping and praying for the Iranian people .
Now Europe ’s biggest newspaper BILD is giving the protest against the brutal regime a new voice !
BILD is calling on all of its readers :
Tell this dictator and his cronies what you think !
CLICK HERE TO SIGN BILD ’s PETITION or click on the graphic on the top left hand side of the page , and fill your name in to show your support .
You can also click on the letter on the left , print it out and send it to one of the fax numbers below , or send an email or call one of the numbers .
An appeal for freedom !
Mahmoud Ahmadinejad Tel. : 0098 21 64 451 Fax : 0098 21 33 90 01 97 E- Mail : info@ahmadinejad.ir 1 / 1 vorheriges Element nächstes Element
Iranian ambassador Ali Reza Sheikh Attar Tel. : 030 84 35 33 99o. 84 35 30 Fax : 030 84 35 35 35 E - Mail : iran.botschaft@t-online.de Embassy of the Islamic Republic of Iran Podbielskiallee 67 14195 Berlin , Germany 1 / 1 vorheriges Element nächstes Element
Iran 's Foreign Minister Manouchehr Mottaki Tel. : ( 0098 - 21 ) 611 51 Fax : ( 0098 - 21 ) 66 74 31 49 E- Mail : matbuat@mfa.gov.ir 1 / 1 vorheriges Element nächstes Element
Supreme Leader of Iran Ayatollah Ali Khamenei E-Mail : info_leader@leader.ir 1 / 1 vorheriges Element nächstes Element
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
I ’ve been reading all the chest - beating about Obama ’s perfidy in not releasing the torture photos and wondering why I seemed so alone .
Sullivan was one of his harshest critics .
At first blush , and certainly after Obama ’s stance on trying the Bush admin torturemeisters , it seemed insupportable that the photos not be released .
But the more I read , the more I wondered : what good would it do ?
It ’s like showing a jury gory photos of a murder victim ; it serves no purpose but to inflame and not very subtly signal to the jury to go crazy on the perp .
I ’m with Obama in believing that releasing the photos would certainly heighten the danger for our troops .
And , aside from re-proving that we had indeed become a nation of torturers , why should the world witness anymore of our brutality or more degradation of our victims ?
After the Abu Ghraib photos , what ’s to be learned ?
Yes , it would hold those responsible just that much more responsible , but if you do n’t believe the obvious by now , no more photos will help , while certainly making us just that much more hated around the world .
Those of us who are not ashamed by now never will be and those of us who are do n’t need our prurient interests satiated .
Admitting to ourselves and the world the heinous things we ’ve done is all that decency requires .
It would be irresponsible to publish the photos when nothing can be gained by doing so ; humbly admitting their existence is enough , as long as they ’re retained for use by a Truth Commission .
By no means should our torture policy ’s architects escape justice .
There , Obama and I part company .
Sullivan , to his credit , has again admitted to a change of heart .
Or , more precisely , that blogging often requires one to admit when they ’ve been too hasty :
The point of the photos is not to demonstrate more gore ; it is to have a fresh opening to explain to Americans just how widespread this was , and also to remind them that this led to the deaths of scores .
But against this important public interest , the president has another duty — to his soldiers in the line of fire .
These soldiers deserve a chance to do their astonishingly difficult job without inflaming those who might be inspired to kill and attack them .
I see no reason to suspect that Obama is not genuine about this question , and it ’s a fair factor to consider .
More importantly , he has not said that suppressing the photos at this time means suppressing them for ever , and has not indicated that he will prevent justice being done .
In fact , his statement said the opposite .
The pro-torture right will say this call is obvious .
It is n’t .
It ’s very hard .
When you have inherited a policy of war crimes , and you are still fighting a war , balancing accountability with responsibility is tough .
I think , having made our point , we should cut the man some slack on this .
What matters is holding those who destroyed America ’s moral standing responsible .
That is a struggle for patriots to engage , a Truth Commission to study , and the attorney - general to pursue , while allowing the president to do his job as commander - in - chief .
So , yes , by all means , air the photos : but only in pursuit of the truth and in punishing those responsible .
And ‘ hear hear ’ to Andrew for admitting when he ’s been too quick on the draw .
LOS ANGELES ( Reuters Life ! ) -
When the going gets tough , some of the tough get going to the plastic surgeon ’s office .
Music executive Jeff Grabow is shown before ( L ) and after plastic surgery in this combination publicity photo released to Reuters April 7 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Payman Simoni M.D./ Handout
The recession clearly took a cut out of plastic surgery in 2008 with U.S. cosmetic surgeries down 9 percent to $ 11.8 billion , according to the American Society of Plastic Surgeons ( ASPS ) .
But some surgeons and patients are now citing increased interest in surgery among people wanting to look younger and “ fresher ” for the ever - competitive job market .
“ I ’m 56 and I ’ve been in the music business for 35 years .
We ’re not having a good year and I know I ’ll soon have to interview , ” said Jeff Grabow , a music marketing executive in Los Angeles , who recently spent $ 17,000 on a facelift .
“ The surgery made sense for me .
I look at least 10 to 15 years younger and I have more confidence , ” he said .
Grabow ’s surgeon , Payman Simoni , performs what he calls a “ wide awake facelift ” using only local anesthesia , which he says slashes the recovery time as well as the cost by as much as $ 6,000 , making it popular among job seekers .
“ Before the economy turned down , people would come in because they wanted to have more fun and enjoyment out of life , ” he said .
“ But now plastic surgery has become a necessity for some .
People cannot only rely on their skills in this market .
They want to look refreshed and youthful so they can compete for jobs , ” he said .
COSMETIC TUNE -UPS
The American Society of Plastic Surgeons ( ASPS ) released a recent survey showing that American women were looking at cosmetic surgery to get a competitive edge in the workplace .
About 13 percent of the 756 women surveyed , between the ages of 18 and 64 , say they would consider having a cosmetic medical procedure to make them more confident and more competitive in the job market .
About 3 percent said they already had a cosmetic procedure to increase their perceived value in the workplace , and 73 percent said they believed that appearance and youthful looks play a part in getting hired , a promotion , or getting new clients , particularly in these challenging economic times ,
Linda Mason , a television producer and photographer in Los Angeles , said she recently got a facelift because she is in a “ young business . ”
“ I deal with young people and the best way to succeed in this business is to stay young , ” she told Reuters .
Manhattan plastic surgeon Stephen Greenberg saw an opportunity in this growing trend and recently began promoting a “ Job Fighter Package ” for men and women .
“ We ’ve probably done no less than 50 to 60 tune - ups since launching the package about five months ago , ” Greenberg said , noting that not all the “ tune - ups ” have involved surgeries , but also less costly and invasive procedures like cosmetic injectables .
“ Men and women in their 40’s and 50’s are competing with peers 10 to 15 years younger and employers naturally tend to go to a person who looks fresher and younger , despite who is better qualified , ” Greenberg said , adding that a lot of his patients view the surgery as an investment and are financing it with loans .
Plastic surgery loans can involve financing charges of 12 to 19 percent , according to industry experts .
In addition to the perceived competitive advantage from a face lift , some surgeons believe the recession is starting to cause more and more patients to get “ work done ” for an emotional lift in these dark times .
“ I think when people are down about the economy , they want to do things to make them feel better , ” Greenberg said .
New York City plastic surgeon Steven Pearlman agreed .
“ People are fed up and are starting to figure that it ’s time to live a little .
Cosmetic surgery is about investing in yourself .
It makes you look good and feel better about yourself , a dozen times a day when you look in the mirror , ” he said .
Awwww .
Just … awwwwww .
You can tell this kid will grow up to be one of the cutest geeks .
I hope to do something like this to my kids .
Update :
Here is a backstory of this costume .
Finding a good mover can be a daunting task at times .
Do n’t be afraid to get to get 4 - 5 quotes from different movers .
Come May and most people usually think about Mother ’s Day , but did you also know that the month May is the kick - off to the busiest time of the year where most of us move to new homes ?
Yes , May is the time to take those cardboard boxes and get busy packing .
The month of May is the National Moving Month , and planning a smooth move should start with hiring an experienced and reliable moving company .
Doing some research and shopping around for good furniture removalists the quality of http://thebestremovalists.com.au will help you to save money and avoid scams .
This article will highlight some of the most important tips in hiring the best moving company in your area .
Here are 4 tips that can help you through the moving process :
1 . The first thing you must do is to be sure to check the consumer - advocacy site : MovingScam .Com .
This site will help you to identify the moving companies that are blacklisted with a history of consumer complaints .
If you know the company name , you can search RipOffReport .
Com for any scams .
This will help you to save valuable time by identifying the scam companies at the onset .
2 . Is the Company Licensed ?
If you are planning to move from state to state , the moving company you choose should have a US DOT number .
This is a unique license number issued by the United States Department of Transportation .
Make sure that the Mover has a valid DOT number by checking it at http://li-public.fmcsa.dot.gov/LIVIEW/pkg_carrquery.prc_carrlist.
If you are looking for a moving company to move within a state , the moving company will need a state license .
3 . Insurance is the other important factor to consider when choosing the best moving company in your area .
You can use the same website , which was used to check the license number , to verify whether the moving company is properly covered by an insurance policy .
Never trust a bunch of folks ( unlicensed or uninsured ) , who call themselves a moving company and do part time moving work .
Your home items should additionally be covered under the homeowners or renters policy .
If not , you will need to consider a supplemental moving insurance cover .
4 . The experience and past track record of the moving company is vital to hire the best moving company .
Asking the company for referrals where you could double check about their past records will help a lot in this regard .
Use this information wisely – it may mean the difference between getting ripped off when you move and having a nice relaxing moving experience
Paradise Valley plans to refund a total of $ 36,000 to more than 1,000 drivers who received tickets for running a faulty traffic light at Tatum Boulevard and McDonald Drive .
The town sent 1,063 letters June 22 informing drivers ticketed between May 7 and June 17 to expect a full refund of their fines .
The yellow left - turn signal at the intersection lasted only three seconds , but town policy states yellow lights should last 4.5 seconds , Town Manager Jim Bacon said Thursday .
Drivers who paid only a citation will receive a refund of $ 182 .
Those who attended defensive - driving school will receive $ 234 .
Public Works Director Andrew Cooper said he planned to investigate whether it was equipment or human error .
" We do not have all the data that we 've requested , " he said .
" We definitely know it was a failure . "
Cooper would not reveal the source of the data he had requested .
" I am not at liberty to say , " he said .
The town contracts with Redflex Traffic Systems Inc. to supply the photo - ticketing technology at three intersections .
Camera enforcement drew complaints when the town installed its first camera at Tatum Boulevard and Lincoln Drive in 1997 .
The town paid $ 125,000 for the camera .
One driver who received a ticket after a camera photographed her driving through a red light at Tatum and McDonald questioned whether the town uses the cameras to fill city coffers .
Amelia Velasquez of Phoenix said she thought the extra enforcement was a way for governments to make more money .
" It 's an entrapment , " she said .
" That is what everybody thinks , that these lights are here to make money , because they are getting our money and we can't argue with anybody . "
Velasquez received a ticket at Tatum and McDonald in May , and said she was glad the city decided to correct the mistake .
She expected to receive $ 234 and planned to put the money back where it came from : her savings account .
Bacon said the town does not use the heightened enforcement for financial gain , but to ensure greater safety .
Bill Moloney is the program manager for photo enforcement for the Scottsdale police department .
He said Scottsdale started using enforcement cameras at intersections in 2008 as a way to condition drivers to adopt new habits .
" If you do n't want a ticket , people need to change their driving habits just a little bit , " Moloney said .
" If the light turns yellow , instead of thinking ' Oh I can make this light , ' just stop on yellow . "
For every person who runs a red light , five run the left - hand turn light , he said .
The police department noticed a spike in the number of red - light tickets after a camera was installed at Scottsdale and McDowell roads .
In March , Moloney said the city doled out 1,100 red - light tickets , but issued 700 in April - a 36 percent decrease .
Moloney said the drop mirrors that seen at other camera - enforced intersections .
Paradise Valley Mayor Vernon Parker said he wondered about the Tatum and McDonald intersection 's timing when he almost received a ticket a few weeks ago .
He said he is n't a big fan of photo enforcement , but does like the safety benefits .
From January 2008 through December , the town collected $ 107,847 in red - light tickets from the three intersection cameras .
The town has collected $ 58,820 since January 2009 .
If you ’re not aware of who Dr. George Tiller is , he ’s the doctor who was recently murdered , allegedly , because he performed late - term abortions and was therefore dubbed “ Tiller the Baby Killer ” by Bill O’Reilly and his ilk .
Of course , Bill O’Reilly does n’t see any fault of his own , but instead blames the liberals for using Dr. Tiller ’s death against Fox News .
This is a must watch , a must forward and a must talk about piece from Keith Olbermann .
Regardless of your views of how biased you think his show is , he does a great job covering Bill O’Reilly ’s involvement in essentially making Dr. George Tiller a target .
Olbermann finishes the segment stating that he will no longer focus so much of his time and effort on O’Reilly .
He also calls for Fox News to be “ quarantined , ” meaning to not support any business that supports or airs Fox News , something that FoxNewsBoycott.com has been suggesting since the site ’s launch .
Share this article
Research by the BBC Urdu 's service into the growing strength of Taliban militants in north western Pakistan shows that only 38 % of the area remains under full government control .
This map of the area is a snapshot of the current situation .
However , with ongoing fighting between the Pakistan armed forces and the Taliban the situation on the ground could change in the future .
All Taliban stronghold Taliban presence 1 .
All 2 . Taliban stronghold 3 . Taliban presence
BAJAUR ( Taliban stronghold )
Bajaur is one of those tribal areas where the Taliban established themselves early on .
Analysts have long suspected the region to be the hiding place of Osama Bin Laden , Ayman al - Zawahiri and other top al - Qaeda leaders .
It is an area where suspected US drones launched their earliest missile strikes .
Maulvi Faqir Mohammad is the chief commander of the Taliban in Bajaur and is said to lead a force of nearly 10,000 armed militants .
A year - long military operation ended in Bajaur early this year but a peace agreement has broken down and the Taliban are back in control in most areas outside the regional capital , Khar .
Maulvi Omar , spokesman for the militant alliance Tehrik Taliban Pakistan ( TTP ) , comes from Bajaur .
Taliban camps are reported at various places in Bajaur , such as Salarzai and Dasht .
BANNU ( Taliban presence )
Bannu is a so - called " settled " ( rather than " tribal " ) area in North West Frontier Province , which borders troubled Waziristan .
The district has witnessed a number of attacks on security forces .
Civilians have also been killed .
But locals do not have strong tribal affiliations with the Taliban , and the local Taliban have not been successful in building support for their activies in Bannu .
BUNER ( Taliban stronghold )
Buner is only 100 km ( 65 miles ) from the capital , Islamabad .
The military launched an operation against the militants in April after the so - called Swat Taliban seized control of Buner .
The district is popular with Pashtuns visiting the tomb of a Sufi saint , but traditional religious freedoms have been eroded .
Militants from Swat tried to enter Buner in 2008 but were thwarted by locals .
An armed clash between the two sides at Shilabandi left six Taliban dead , and the Taliban retreated to their bases in Swat .
Local resistance did not go unpunished , however , as nearly 50 people were later killed by the militants .
After Sharia law was introduced in Swat , the Taliban again decided to target Buner as part of efforts to expand their area of influence .
After negotiations with locals , the Taliban were permitted to operate in the district .
Since then all barber shops and music stores have closed down .
D.I. KHAN ( Taliban presence )
Traditionally famous for its flowers and sweets , Dera Ismail Khan ( or D.I. Khan ) has not escaped the increase in Taliban activity seen elsewhere in North West Frontier Province .
Two groups of militants are active in D.I.
Khan , one of them involved in sectarian attacks , the other in attacks on security forces .
Taliban active in neighbouring Waziristan have claimed responsibility for almost all the attacks on security personnel .
After troops stepped up an anti-Taliban drive in Waziristan in 2008 , large numbers of tribal families settled in D.I. Khan .
Some government officials fear that militants might also have left Waziristan and settled in D.I. Khan .
Local police say 84 people , many of them security personnel , were killed and more than 100 injured in various violent incidents during 2008 .
Most analysts agree there will be no end to violence in D.I .
Khan until peace is restored in neighbouring tribal areas and concerted action is taken to stop the sectarian attacks .
HANGU ( Taliban presence )
Hangu , neighbouring Orakzai , is believed to be under the control of Hakimullah Mehsud , the right - hand man of Pakistan Taliban leader Baitullah Mehsud .
Those parts of Hangu that border Orakzai are dominated by the Taliban .
The district also shares borders with two other Taliban strongholds , Kurram and Waziristan .
Most analysts argue that if government fails to take steps to check the increasing influence of the Taliban in Hangu , the radical elements now confined to its border areas could soon expand their activities to other areas of district .
Sectarian tension between Shias and Sunnis is yet another fault line , which deepened after a 2006 suicide attack on a Shia procession in Hangu .
KHYBER ( Taliban presence )
Of the tribal areas of the North West Frontier , Khyber agency is the only one where different religious organisations operate .
There are three known religious groups - Lashkar - i- Islam ( Army of Islam ) headed by Mangal Bagh , Ansar - i- Islam ( Companions of Islam ) headed by Qazi Mehboobul Haq and Amar Bil Maroof ( Organisation for Virtues ) headed by Niaz Gul .
The Taliban presence in Khyber is fairly recent and most analysts link it to Nato 's use of the main road through the Khyber pass to Afghanistan .
The Taliban are believed to have moved into the area to attack convoys carrying supplies for Nato forces in Afghanistan .
There has been a spate of such attacks .
The Taliban are now in almost total control of two of the three sub-divisions of Khyber agency , including Jamrod and Bara .
KOHAT ( Taliban presence )
Kohat is only a stone 's throw from the semi tribal district of Adamkhel .
The Taliban claim to have carried out attacks targeting security forces in the district .
In a recent operation security forces say 35 militants were killed .
As in Mardan and other districts in North West Frontier Province , the Taliban in Kohat have mostly confined their activities to opposing music and barber shops .
KURRAM ( Taliban presence )
Kurram agency , like neighbouring North Waziristan , is also divided into three administrative areas or sub-divisions - Upper , Central and Lower Kurram .
The Taliban ( who are Sunni Muslims ) do not have a significant presence in Upper Kurram as the local population are Shias .
Shias are also found in one town in Lower Kurram , Alizai .
Otherwise , the Taliban are present almost everywhere else in Kurram where the Sunni population dominates .
Foreign Taliban fighters are believed to have moved into Kurram and adjoining Orakzai agencies since 2008 when missile attacks by suspected US military drones became more frequent in north - west Pakistan .
LAKKI MARWAT ( Taliban presence )
Lakki Marwat is a district near North Waziristan where local tribes are very strong .
There have been a number of clashes between militants and security forces in the area .
LOWER DIR ( Taliban stronghold )
There have been reports since late 2007 that the Taliban have found many hideouts in Lower Dir .
This was confirmed in April when the army acknowledged that the Taliban had dug themselves in on the mountain tops .
The area known as Maidan , which is also the home town of radical cleric Sufi Mohammad who brokered the now - defunct Swat " peace deal " , has become a Taliban hotspot in the district .
The army has twice claimed to have pushed the Taliban out of Lower Dir and taken control .
But many people fear the militants may use Lower Dir to expand into nearby Upper Dir .
MALAKAND ( Taliban presence )
Malakand is essentially a mountain pass between Mardan and Swat .
Historically the district is known for a number of battles between local tribes and British soldiers in the last years of the 19th Century .
Before extremism began surfacing in Swat , the local administration had been facing law and order problems in Malakand .
At the time it mostly concerned criminal activities including kidnap for ransom .
In January 2009 members of an international charity were taken hostage .
But the biggest Taliban attack in Malakand was carried out apparently to avenge a US missile strike at Damadola .
Forty paramilitary recruits were killed in the attack on a training centre at Dargai .
Despite the fact that the Taliban have not maintained a dominant presence in Malakand , the district seems susceptible to their influence and analysts argue that if they so choose the Taliban could move into the area in a big way .
MARDAN ( Taliban presence )
Mardan , about 60 km ( 37 miles ) north - east of Peshawar , is one of the most densely populated districts of North West Frontier Province and a thriving centre for trade .
In the past year the Taliban have boosted their presence in Mardan and reports of skirmishes with paramilitary security forces have become more frequent .
Although there are not many of them in Mardan , the Taliban have proved able to disrupt the day - to - day administration of the district .
Early signs of extremism in Mardan can be traced back to attacks on music shops , and more recently , shops providing cable services for different TV channels have been targeted .
In another incident an NGO office was also attacked .
Responsibility for most of these attacks was reportedly accepted by a militant who claimed to be the local head of the Tehrik Taliban Pakistan alliance .
Mardan also made headlines in the international media when Abu Faraj al - Libbi , a high profile al - Qaeda suspect was arrested there in 2005 .
MOHMAND ( Taliban presence )
The Taliban are widely reported to be present in all three sub-divisions of Mohmand agency .
The militants here are under the command of Omar Khalid who belongs to the Safi tribe of Pashtuns .
He and about 5,000 militants have been resisting attempts by the security forces to clear them from the southern and south - eastern parts of Mohmand in order to reduce pressure on Peshawar and elsewhere .
Taliban fighters of Arab and Uzbek origin are also reported to be present in Mohmand .
NORTH WAZIRISTAN ( Taliban stronghold )
North Waziristan , home to the Wazir and Dawar tribes , is administratively divided into three sub-divisions called Miranshah , Mir Ali and Razmak .
The Wazirs make up 75 % of the local population , while the remainder belong to the Dawar tribe .
The Taliban are in control of all three sub-divisions of North Waziristan .
They mount regular daily patrols of town centres and hold informal summary courts , adjudicate in disputes and deliver verdicts from offices established in almost every part of the agency .
North Waziristan is controlled by Taliban commander Gul Bahadur , but Baitullah Mehsud is also reported to be in command of at least three Taliban camps .
Two of these are located in Miranshah while the third is in Razmak .
As in South Waziristan , there is a considerable proportion of Taliban in North Waziristan who are referred to as " Punjabi Taliban " .
ORAKZAI ( Taliban stronghold )
Orakzai agency is divided into two administrative districts .
The Taliban do not have a significant presence in Lower Orakzai as most locals belong to an anti-Taliban Shia sect .
But , mountainous Upper Orakzai is dominated by Sunnis and has many Taliban and sympathisers .
Most Taliban in Orakzai belong to the Mamuzai , Alikhel , Akhel and Ferozkhel tribes .
The local population seems supportive of the Taliban more for sectarian reasons than because of the militants ' activities .
The Taliban appointed Hakimullah Mehsud as commander for Orakzai , Kurram and Khyber agencies .
He is a cousin of Qari Hussain , the mastermind behind the training of the suicide bombers used by the Taliban .
PESHAWAR ( Taliban presence )
The capital of North - West Frontier Province ( NWFP ) , Peshawar has become the front line city in the so - called " war on terror " in Pakistan .
Bombings and suicide attacks coupled with kidnap for ransom have become commonplace .
The city is surrounded by militants on three sides .
Mardan and Charsadda to the north , Mohmand and Khyber agencies to the west and Darra Adamkhel to the south have all become battle grounds .
Disrupting Nato plans in Afghanistan has been the key Taliban target in Peshawar - at least 400 vehicles carrying supplies for Nato forces have been destroyed .
The Taliban say they will keep on attacking trucks destined for Nato forces until the US stops drone attacks in the region .
SHANGLA ( Taliban stronghold )
Shangla is said to be under the partial control of the Taliban .
Recent reports speak of militants taking control of emerald mines here and it is rumoured that an army operation will soon be launched .
The Taliban captured Shangla Top , a strategic point , about 18 months ago and since then have taken control of police stations in the district .
Policemen had no option but to run for their lives .
Other government buildings in Shangla have since been in and out of Taliban control - and some analysts believe the militants could retake them if they want .
SOUTH WAZIRISTAN ( Taliban stronghold )
South Waziristan is the largest tribal district or agency - two big Pashtun tribes , the Mehsud and the Wazir , dominate .
The Wazirs are historically settled on either side of the Pakistan - Afghanistan border , while the Mehsuds are confined to South Waziristan .
It is widely believed the Pakistani government has lost control of almost all of South Waziristan - for some time the army has been restricted to Zerinoor camp in the agency 's main town , Wana .
The army had to evacuate the Mehsud - dominated area of South Waziristan in 2008 when around 300 troops were taken hostage .
The army is understood to lack a secure supply line that could guarantee a smoother flow of men and ammunition into this area .
Parts of South Waziristan under the direct influence of top Pakistan Taliban militant leader Baitullah Mehsud are reported to contain as many as seven camps where suicide bombers are trained .
These camps or training centres are believed to have been established at Makeen , Shaktoi , Kanigaram , Dela , Kot Kai , Shawwal and Badar .
In addition , another Taliban leader Mullah Nazir is also believed to be running two separate training centres in South Waziristan at Shikai and Baghar .
Some of his followers are also known to be based in Balochistan province , which almost borders Wana .
SWABI ( Taliban presence )
Swabi is considered to be the heartland of the secular Pashtun political party , the Awami National Party ( ANP ) .
Mainly for this reason , people in Swabi have not welcomed the Taliban .
But there have been recent incidents of graffiti in Swabi boasting local support for the Taliban 's drive for their version of Sharia law and Islamic " virtues " .
Swabi was in the news in the early 1990s when an operative of Pakistan 's Inter - Services Intelligence ( ISI ) agency emerged as a key link between the army and the Taliban .
SWAT ( Taliban stronghold )
Known as the Switzerland of Pakistan , the former princely state of Swat had been popular with tourists for decades .
It is now under almost total Taliban control .
The militants have targeted the security forces , the police , secular politicians and government - run schools .
By early April 2009 , Sharia law had been imposed as part of a deal between the authorities and the local Taliban .
However , the militants failed to disarm completely in line with the accord and their fighters spread to neighbouring districts , prompting international concern .
An army offensive was launched in Swat in early May .
The main city , Mingora , was retaken later that month .
The local Taliban , under their leader Maulana Fuzlullah , extended their control throughout Swat , especially in areas of policing and its judicial system .
Maulana Fazlullah is the son - in - law of radical cleric Sufi Mohammad who led an insurgency in the 1990s .
Sufi Mohammad brokered the failed peace deal in Swat .
There are a number of pockets in and around Swat where the Taliban are known to have hidden when in danger or as a tactic when pushed back by the military .
Such safe havens could prove useful to them if political pressure mounts against them in Swat .
The militants could melt away into the north of the district where they are in even fuller control .
TANK ( Taliban presence )
Baitullah Mehsud 's Taliban fighters from South Waziristan first started making incursions into the nearby city of Tank in 2005 .
Music stores , barbers ' shops and police stations were their primary targets .
That situation still remains , with a slight difference .
Taliban groups composed of Bhittani tribesmen have been confronting Mehsud loyalists in the region .
The Bhittani is the native tribe of Tank district and its largest , but is in a minority in the city of Tank , the administrative centre , where the Mehsuds dominate .
It is thought the Bhittani Taliban are supported by the government .
Nevertheless , the writ of the government runs thin in Tank , where fully armed members of rival groups roam the streets freely and run offices in different parts of the city .
The police initially offered resistance , but have now downgraded their mandate to one of self - preservation .
They stay inside heavily - barricaded police stations .
The civil administration is almost completely paralysed .
UPPER DIR ( Taliban presence )
Recent reports suggest Upper Dir has started showing some signs of increasing religious radicalisation , but local extremists claim to have no link with the Taliban and do not call themselves Taliban .
Instead they are known to be involved in criminal activities , which does not fit with typical Taliban activity .
One notable incident of militancy in Upper Dir in February saw a paramilitary post captured .
Militants refused to abandon it despite repeated requests from a local jirga ( tribal council ) .
In April five policemen were killed by unknown attackers .
It is thought however the Taliban could gather support from Upper Dir if they wanted .
Radical cleric Sufi Mohammad 's TNSM organisation has established offices in Upper Dir and some locals sympathise with the movement .
I saw Pete Seeger Sunday night , alive as you and me .
They threw a birthday concert for him at Madison Square Garden .
John Seeger , age 95 , said from the stage that he expected his 90 - year - old younger brother to make 100 , which seems reasonable .
Standing there , banjo off his shoulder , head thrown back , Pete looked eternal , in that pose so engraved in American memory it should be on a coin .
More than 40 artists , including John Mellencamp , Arlo Guthrie , Joan Baez and Bruce Springsteen , joined in a stage - clogging sing - along .
When its four - plus hours are edited down to highlights , from “ This Land Is Your Land ” to “ Goodnight , Irene , ” it will be a PBS special made in pledge - week heaven .
I wonder , though , how many of the angry moments will survive .
Will we hear the Native American musicians pleading for support in their battle with Peabody Energy ?
Peabody is a giant strip - mining company that has been at the center of lawsuits by Southwestern tribes over drinking water and income from mineral rights .
Will we hear the praise for the Clean Water Act of 1972 , or the acid remark from one of the Indians : “ Ever since that man by the name of Hudson went up that river , it ’s gone to hell . ”
We need to move Left in this country .
We need single payer health insurance , but its proponents are not even allowed a seat at the table .
We have evidence of war crimes but it looks as if this administration wo n't pursue legal redress even though failing to do so violates national and international law .
Billions of dollars are still being funneled to private interests with no benefit to the taxpayer .
People are still denying the right to marry to an entire segment of the population based on the incorrect assumption that marriage has anything to do with monotheist religion .
Women 's bodies are still subject to control by the state .
It 's time for us to live up to the Jeffersonian ideal .
Now , the problem we face is this :
How do you pull a majority of the population into a higher level of moral and ethical development ?
Reason wo n't work with someone stuck at Level 2 .
They do n't have critical thinking skills and they are n't open concepts or cultures in conflict with the one they 're born into .
Now that the Republican party is facing its own loss of power and prestige , a threat to its survival , they have completely regressed to Level 1 functioning .
Reptiles lack empathy , logic , and are based in rage and fear .
It 's no coincidence that I just described Dick Cheney 's recent media blitz , telling us all we 're going to die if we do n't torture people in violation of international law even though torture does n't work .
There is also the additional problem that the leaders of the Right have financial interests in keeping the status quo , and they understand these levels of functioning .
They are extremely adept at manipulating people with good intentions but poor educations .
The only solution I see to moving us Leftward is education , but we know our schools are n't up to the task right now and we can't wait several generations for change .
The only way to reach most people is through the popular media .
Short of strapping everyone down and making them watch Rachel Maddow and Keith Olbermann , I do n't know how we reach them .
I only know that it has to be done .
In this morning ' sCharles Blow cites a great many statistics to show why people in the Northeast are n't taken in by the right - wing 's siren songs any longer -- and why the GOP now has a minor and shrinking presence in that region .
He asserts that " Northeasterners are not so easily duped .
Voters there tend to be wealthier less religious and more progressive than those in other regions .
"
Of course there 's a correlation between all of these factors -- better educated people tend to be less superstitious , more successful financially , more open to new ideas , etc .
College graduates , for example , tend to make more money and are far less likely to allow their lives to be driven by primordial fears and primitive religious dogma .
They are less likely to take Rush Limbaugh , Dick Cheney and Sean Hannity seriously and less likely to vote for a political party whose philosophy starts and ends with selfishness and greed .
Across the country , 27.5 % of Americans have graduated from four year colleges .
Let 's compare the half dozen states with the smallest percentage of college graduates with the half dozen states with the greatest percentage -- in terms of how they voted in the 2008 presidential election .
( The final figure , in the parenthesis is the median household income of each state . )
West Virginia - McCain-56%/ Obama- 43 % ( $ 35,059 ) Mississippi-McCain-56%/ Obama- 43 % ( $ 34,473 ) Arkansas - McCain-59 %/ Obama- 39 % ( $ 36,599 ) Kentucky - McCain-58%/Obama- 41 % ( $ 39,372 ) Louisiana - McCain-59 %/ Obama- 40 % ( 39,337 ) Alabama - McCain-61%/Obama- 39 % ( $ 38,783 ) Massachusetts - Obama - 62%/McCain- 36 % ( $ 59,963 ) Maryland - Obama - 62%/McCain- 37 % ( 65,144 ) Colorado - Obama - 54%/ McCain- 45 % ( $ 52,015 ) Connecticut - Obama- 61%/ McCain- 38 % ( $ 63,422 ) New Jersey - Obama - 57%/ McCain- 42 % ( $ 64,470 ) Vermont - Obama - 68%/ McCain- 31 % ( $ 47,665 )
This morning 'sreports that Colin Powell , probably the most admired living man still claiming to be a Republican -- who is being driven out of the GOP by the likes of detested and divisive political figures like Dick Cheney , Karl Rove and Rush Limbaugh -- will be answering his narrow - minded , extremist critics tomorrow morning on .
Not all Republicans agree with Limbaugh and Cheney that mainstream conservatives like Arlen Specter , Lincoln Chafee , Wayne Gilchrest and Colin Powell should be " cleansed " from the GOP to make way for some kind of small , narrow , regionally - based party that considers itself " pure " but can only win in states with populations who get all their information from Fox , from Hate Talk radio or from the Buy Bull and where few people are educated or living a middle class lifestyle .
Even an extreme right - winger like South Dakota 's John Thune is starting to worry .
Powell , he told theis " one of the greatest leaders of our generation , and he is at heart a Republican . "
I guess that means
Thune 's going to have to do penance in front of a Limbaugh alter next week .
Morgaine Swann sent me a more clinical -- and more facsinating -- look at this , Attention Liberals : There 's No Reasoning With A Reptile .
And she is n't referring to Republicans are snakes and lizards , any more than the rest of us .
Like many of us , she 's looking for an answer .
Understanding the problems -- in this case , the way the brain functions -- is a crucial first step .
Labels : Charles Blow , Colin Powell , Limbaugh
Large pool of cheap resources sometimes is enough of a motivation to outsource tasks .
Sometime even those that you might not have done in the first place ;)
It also is very tempting to engage manual labor rather than create , debug and use tools .
Those reasons along with some business drivers were behind a data entry project I started a few weeks ago .
While small and fairly simple the project offered a few interesting lessons to learn and a couple of interesting points to share .
There are many places where you can find freelancers .
Most of those places offer offshore labor .
Even local resources such as craigslist will generate more response from offshore than from locals , even if you specify “ locals only ” .
In my case I was specifically looking for offshore resources and the rock bottom rates .
I knew that every site has its own community of freelancers , what was somewhat surprising is how substantial the difference in response would be .
Response to my ad from 5 sites I tried in the first 3 days was 0 , 2 , 3 , 6 , and 78 .
The last figure was the response from oDesk community .
It ’s no surprise that the best candidates also came from oDesk .
As a matter of fact I ended up to picking all providers from oDesk ( I was looking for 5 people ) .
The rates diversity was quite surprising as well .
My project which was a basic internet research and data entry attracted freelancers from all over the world with majority of applicants from India , Pakistan and Philippines .
There were a couple bids from USA ( I frankly doubt that the work was planned to be performed by USA resources though ) .
The lowest bid was $ 0.78 an hour ( Bangladesh ) , the highest was $ 26 an hour ( India ) .
The quality of responses varied greatly from thoughtful and professional to “ Need a job ! ” , the last one incidentally was one of the highest bids as well .
Fit between the job and skill set was decent with a few exceptions even though I had somewhat of a difficult time categorizing my project – fitting it into one of the categories / subcategories provided by the sites .
Each of the sites has its own idiosyncrasies and proprietary conventions ; that makes search for freelancers across several sites rather cumbersome .
In this case I did not have to work across the sites – the difference in response clearly made oDesk a better place to seek for my resources .
That is not always the case though .
In particular many type of projects such as web design , graphical arts , etc. would find equally strong support on many sites .
For this project pruning candidates was not complex – I cut off everyone with rate above $ 5 an hour and those who did not appeared to put any efforts into their bid .
That still gave me about 25 candidates , at that point ratings and hours worked helped me quickly pick top ten .
I did not put a lot of efforts in the “ Interviewing ” ; a quick email exchange quickly showed whether the person appeared professional and responsive enough .
A few of candidates requested Skype conversations , that was a bit more time consuming and I am not sure whether for this kind of project the time is justified .
I picked 7 suppliers ( my target was 5 ) .
Can you guess why ?
Of course the quality of suppliers , especially when you scrape the bottom of the rate barrel is a hit or miss .
One of them “ did not show up for work ” after the bid was accepted , one turned out so dense that I had to stop working with her after two days into the project .
I now have only three suppliers left .
All three are from Philippines and all are doing a decent job .
The rates are 1.11 , 2.78 and 3.33 an hour .
The communications are sufficient .
Productivity as expected or even better .
I think so far I can call this project a success .
If you are facing a data entry , web scraping , email response , etc. project here are a couple tips I suggest for you to consider :
Using freelancing sites saves time of sourcing candidates , simplifies management , and helps with payment aspects .
Today the rate target could be $ 3 an hour plus / minus a buck .
Have a very simple , concise and unambiguous project description .
A step by step operating procedure should be developed .
( remember the 3rd fundamental rule of outsourcing ? )
Do not invest too much effort in selection of the candidates ; it ’s easier and faster to start another project and get a bunch of new candidates than try to pick just the right ones .
Using the project above as example – the candidates I thought were the best are no longer on my team , one of them was the no-show .
Use the site communication methodology rather than your own email .
That reduces the clutter in your own inbox and helps with categorization of email and follow up .
I guess that ’s as much as this project deserves .
I am kicking off a SEO / SEM project shortly .
It will be a bit different will see how it pans out and whether there is much to learn from it .
READER COMMENTS ON
" And Then There Were Six : NH Signs Marriage Equality Bill into Law "
( 7 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... Joan said on 6/3/2009 @ 7:14 pm PT ...
Kudos , New Hampshire !
Thanks for recognizing they 're HUMAN rights we 're talkin ' about , and we all want 'em !
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... Jeannie Dean in LA - 13 said on 6/4/2009 @ 12:06 am PT ...
WhoooHOOo !
I 'm not surprised , NH !
GREAT state , even if your Deputy Secretary of State is a bit of a queef .
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... Entitlements are wrong said on 6/4/2009 @ 8:31 am PT ...
This has nothing to do with ' human rights ' and is merely one more socialist entitlement using sex to define yourselves as a victim group .
Why not just join the socialist party and be done with it ?
Shame on you all .
It is not right nor conservative nor America loving .. it 's welfare for gays .. you do n't get ' human ' rights from your government unless you consider the UN your government .
( And hopefully you do n't because that is dangerous since the UN also reserves the right to take away your rights too . )
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... FreedomOfInformationAct said on 6/5/2009 @ 3:16 pm PT ...
Obama 's Law Professor Says ' Defense Of Marriage Act ' is Unconstitutional
By Emma Ruby - SachsCivil Lawyer
Posted : June 5 , 2009 12:34 PM
http://www.huffingtonpos...essor-says_b_211854.html
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... stoneveneer said on 6/6/2009 @ 2:01 pm PT ...
Excellent .
One can only hope that by a generation from now , we 'll be on to issues that are truly important to humanity .
What we really need is for the SC to weigh in on this once and for all .
After all , are we not " the land of the free " ?
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... Michael said on 6/7/2009 @ 3:27 pm PT ...
This is very depressing news - a decision by Obama to threaten the UK with withholding intelligence if the British high court release seven pages detailing the torture of British resident Binyam Mohamed :
" The seven paragraphs at issue are based upon classified information shared between our countries , " the U.S. letter said .
" Public disclosure of this information , reasonably could be expected to cause serious damage to the United Kingdom 's national security .
" Specifically , disclosure of this information may result in a constriction of the U.S. - U.K. relationship , as well as U.K. relationships with other countries . "
So Obama has now appointed a general to head up the Afghanistan occupation who reportedly assured his men who were routinely and sadistically torturing captives in Iraq that no investigator from the military , let alone the Red Cross , would be allowed in to witness the war crimes .
And he has now threatened a major ally if its court releases details of another torture victim of the Bush - Cheney era .
One assumes it has something to do with Pakistan .
If the Musharraf government were implicated , the wave of anti-Americanism in that country could explode even further .
But this is speculation on my part .
It 's unclear why the details of the Zubaydah torture could be released , but not the torture of Binyam .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Well it looks like a Palin presidency is guaranteed .
And with the Conservative Political Action Conference heating up in Washington , DC , this is sure to cause great excitement .
A new CNN poll looking at the 2012 presidential election is out ( which makes sense because President Obama only has 47 months to go in this term ) .
Smooth sailing
The results show Sarah Palin is the favorite to receive the GOP presidential nomination .
So all she ’s got to do now is remain popular this year , and in 2010 , and in 2011 , and in 2012 , raise a ton of money , win a bunch of primaries , and then get nominated .
You ca n’t dispute polls .
Pollsters have proven there is no better industry to be in when it comes to economic catastrophes .
They never get laid off .
Just last week , there was one that had President Obama beating Jesus in a “ who ’s your favorite hero ” poll .
( Not lying , here ’s that story ) .
Breakdown
The CNN survey showed the Alaska governor to be the preference of 29 percent of those polled .
Mike Huckabee scored a close second with 26 percent opting for him .
While Mitt Romney was the favorite for 21 percent of the respondents .
Louisiana Governor Kenneth the Page Bobby Jindal received nine percent of the poll ( but this was taken before Tuesday night ’s spectacle ) .
No word on how Joe the Plumber fared .
But he announced yesterday that he ’s not running in 2012 .
He ’s looking at a 2014 run instead .
( Click here to read this story ) .
Value proposition
The true value of this poll ?
None .
Even CNN ’s polling director called it worthless .
“ So many things will happen between now and 2012 that this poll has no real predictive value , ” said Keating Holland .
OK .
Thanks .
Jimmy Orr
The Christian Science Monitor
Anyway , so here 's where it gets phenomenally insulting .
At somewhere around the 25 - 30 minute mark , Oreilly holds a lengthy segment in which ... get this ... he expresses OUTRAGE at the discrepancy in coverage between the murdered Army recruiter and the murdered abortion doctor .
His primary argument - the media 's covered is an indicator of how much they care about these respective events .
In a nutshell ( emphasis on the nut ) :
The MSM covered the abortion doctor more because his death was more meaningful to them - it was the greater loss ( you know , being fellow baby killers and all ) .
BUT WAIT .... he has n't said a God damn thing about the shooting today !!!
An outright attack on the Jewish community , which ended in the death of a black man ( who the killer was all too happy to target for equally racists reasons ) , and yet Oreilly says NOTHING .
By his own fucking standard , Oreilly 's quiescence on this matter should be interpreted as indifference .
He did n't cover it , and so according to his own rants , he just does n't care .
If you get a chance , watch the rerun later tonight ( unless you have a Nielsen box , in which case download it from the interwebs ) .
Compared to the coverage that this tragic event has been given - even on his own lame - ass fucked up network - Oreilly 's silence on this matter is deafening ... and insulting in the extreme .
This clown never ceases to amaze me .
P.S. On another note , props to Shep Smith who essentially admitted that there 's a considerable amount of overlap between right - wing psycho nut job extremists and ... well , the people who watch Fox News .
UPDATE : Point of Clarification , he did MENTION the incident , he just did n't spend more than a minute on it before moving on to gay penguins ( seriously ) .
Colors are everywhere and their impact on us should n’t be under -estimated .
Our nervous system requires input and stimulation .
And color choice is the best way to help it .
Colors can change our mood , make us work or feel tired – imagine , your room colors may be the reason for your bad productivity or lower creativity !
The human eye sees about 7,000,000 colors .
Certain colors and color relationships can irritate , cause headaches , or make you feel sick .
Other colors and color combinations are healing and soothing .
Consequently , the appropriate use of color can maximize productivity , minimize visual fatigue , and relax the whole body .
Here are some basics to start from :
Color Physical background Feelings Effect on productivity Thermal / warm colors ( stimulate and raise blood pressure ) Red Red raises blood pressure , increases breathing , heart rate and central nervous system functioning Makes people feel hungry ; subconsciously symbolizes dominance Makes people more cautious and detail - oriented ; =>
Make people ’s work more accurate Cool colors ( calm , ease inflammation , and lower blood pressure ) Blue Blue lowers blood pressure , the pulse rate and body temperature Least appetizing ; calming Boosts creativity Green Green in the center of the spectrum has a stabilizing effect on the human system as a whole .
Relieves stress , makes you calmer Researchers have also found that green can improve reading ability
Now , just a few details to support the data listed in the table :
Red :
It may look weird that while making you more energetic and excited , this color also makes you more productive and attentive to details .
This phenomenon is explained the following way :
“ When you feel that the situation you are in is problematic , ” said Norbert Schwarz , a psychology professor at the University of Michigan , “ you are more likely to pay attention to detail , which helps you with processing tasks but interferes with creative types of things . ”
Blue :
By contrast , when people are calm , balanced and in a happy mood , they are more creative and less analytic .
Hence if you need to get more creative , blue is the right choice for you .
Blue also suppresses appetite , so if you have bad time concentrating because of the frequent breaks for some snacks , surround yourself with blue and you will get more organized .
Compare :
Want to see for yourself , compare then :
Which one looks more delicious ?
and
Which one makes you more relaxed / energetic ?
and
Post images by janerc , FlickrJunkie , ruurmo , colormatters , flod , B G
More on colors : How Color Choices in Stores Can Influence Your Shopping Decisions
Two weeks after a pro-life nut assassinated an abortion doctor in church , and minutes before a far - right extremist shot up the Holocaust Museum in Washington , DC , Republican Congressman Chris Smith ( R - NJ ) said the following about President Obama :
“ Mr. Obama is on his way to becoming the abortion president .
Virtually everything he ’s done through executive order and through appointments and through other policies promote the killing of unborn children and the wounding of their mothers . ”
Considering the agitated state of the Republican party and its extremist followers nowadays , that ’s the kind of language that could get someone killed .
A Great Inflation Indicator
Many people believe that gold , or TIPS is a good way to hedge against inflation but there ’s actually a better way .
The indicator has actually accurately forecasted every inflationary and deflationary cycle since it ’s inception in 1957 .
INO has done a great video talking about it so check it out here .
The index , now called the Reuters - Jefferies CRB Index ( NYBOT_CR ) , tracks 19 different markets so there ’s good diversification built in .
The markets that it tracks are :
Metals : aluminum , copper , gold , nickel , silver
Energies : crude oil , heating oil , natural gas , unleaded gas
Grains : corn , soybeans , wheat
Food & Fiber : cocoa , coffee , cotton , orange juice , sugar
Livestock : lean hogs , live cattle
If you want to learn more , click here for the full video .
Promote or Save This Article
If you like this article , please consider bookmarking or helping us promote it !
If you like this article , please consider bookmarking or helping us promote it !
Print It | Email This | Del.icio.us | Stumble it !
| Reddit |
Related Posts
31 SHARES Share Tweet
The Value Of Time
Time is scarce , and therefore a precious commodity .
What we do with our time , how we spend the present moment , is a constant investment into our future .
Your wallet today ( physical , mental , financial and spiritual ) tells you how your previous investments with your time worked out .
This is the karma of our actions .
There is no moment in time inherently worth more than any other moment in time .
It is your own judgment of value on how you should spend your time , and not anyone else .
However , I will give some advice as to something that I have spent much of my time neglecting , and the consequences I had to face because of my misallocated time .
Time Spent With The Body
If you are anything like me , you probably spend way too much time on your computer , watching TV , reading , or find other ways of being physically inactive .
With so much technology to distract us we sometimes forget that we have a body to take care of too .
Our bodies are always with us so it is easy to take them for granted .
We cater to its needs when it calls for them – food , sleep , and warmth – but when it comes to keeping our body ’s prepared for long - lasting health we get forgetful , or just plain lazy .
Technically , we spend every waking moment with our body .
But when I say to dedicate time to your body , I am talking about the time spent attending to your body .
Our attention is one of the most important tools we can use for self - improvement , without it we are unaware of our dissatisfactions and shortcomings .
But when we shine our beacon of attention we become enlightened to the things that make us dissatisfied and we are given the opportunity to correct them .
Without attention ( and in a broader sense our awareness ) , time would be meaningless and valueless .
Mindfulness of Time = Attention
To attend to the body is to experience the body at the most basic of sensations .
If one is stretching or flexing , it is really important to pay close attention to the muscles involved in that movement as they expand and contrast .
This not only makes one more familiar with their body ( building a heightened awareness to the body ) but it also helps to optimize your effort exerted onto the body .
There are over 600 muscles in the body from the eyebrows to the toes , and they all deserve time attended to – appreciated .
This comment is n’t meant to encourage tedious exercises that account for each and every muscle , but to instead encourage a certain mentality that the body is a constantly unraveling gift and a terrain that calls for much exploration .
Everyone – athletes , muscle builders , casual exercisers , couch potatoes , and all in between – should pick up the habit of being aware of the body as often as possible .
When in daily routines such as cooking or cleaning , remain mindful of the movements your body makes and how its parts are designed to move with elegance and mechanical precision .
Be awed and bewildered .
This does not only help the body but it enriches the experience of even the most seemingly mundane and repetitive of tasks .
Also plan for time where you are not busy and can go into greater detailed attention of the body .
My favorite time to do this is early morning .
Before I begin any kind of work , I first set aside no more than 20 - 25 minutes just to dwell on the body .
I stretch , bend , twist , and flex my muscles to awaken them ; I give them my gratitude for all they offer to me ( this is a mental event , a perception and act of will ) .
Do n’t be afraid to push your body to its “ limits . ”
I am not encouraging you to pull muscles but to acknowledge when certain movements begin to shift towards sensations of stress or pain .
It is important you explore these limits and to push yourself ( in a healthy and mindful manner ) so that you come away from your session learning something new about the body .
You may find a previously foreign motion that acquaints you to a muscle you did not know of before .
Maybe you did n’t realize you could bend in that way .
Do not force anything , but do n’t be too surprised if you discover things that you were unaware the body was capable of .
These are signs that you are on the right path .
How should I get started ?
Should I follow a daily regimen ?
Most exercise programs encourage persistence and dedication by following a mostly - rigid schedule .
This is where my opinions most diverge away from popular consensus , and thus I hope I explain myself clearly .
For some , it is easy to jump right into a rigid regimen and stick with it for extended periods of time .
For others like myself , we are slow adapters and need to ease into change at our own pace .
My advice for this section will be mostly geared towards these “ slow adapters . ”
As a slow adapter , the first thing that you need to accept is that any change in the right direction is still a change in the right direction , no matter how tiny of an increment it may first seem .
Remember , as cliché as it may seem , a snowball that builds as it rolls down a hill still started as a lonely snowflake .
The smallest and most effortless change one can make to get started is to simply examine one ’s body .
I prefer a full - length mirror ( provides the most accurate presentation of how you look from a third - person perspective ) but it is also important to acknowledge how you look when you look down on your body from the first - person .
Do not turn this opportunity as a method to criticize your body and hamper your self - esteem .
Instead , try your best to passively observe yourself with little to no judgment .
You may note dissatisfactions , but balance it by noting an equal amount of things you already like about yourself .
If you find things you do n’t like about yourself that you are mostly powerless to change then learn to like them – they are a part of you and there is no reason to show yourself anything but unconditional love ; people that love themselves are immediately more attractive than those who do not .
Pay particular attention to the things you do not like about yourself but have the power to change .
Also make a note on how much effort you may need to invest to make the change .
Some things you will find you can get started on right away .
For instance , if you find yourself over or under weight then you can begin to make changes in your diet ( again this can happen over small increments , there is no rush to the finish line unless you find out from a physician that you have habits that have dire health consequences that require immediate change – but this is not often the case ) .
Maybe you find that you have acne or poor skin on certain areas of your body , you could then try out a new face wash , seek medication , change your diet , or try to get more sun .
You ’ll notice that for most dissatisfaction you have multiple options on how to improve them .
Begin to experiment with exercises , diet changes , time spent outdoors , drinking more water , hygiene products , even your mental states .
I ’m throwing a lot of ideas out at once .
This is n’t intended to overwhelm you , but to keep your mind open to all the possible ways you can make small and seemingly effortless changes , as well as the changes that will require effort but will be well worth it .
In the end , I want you to make changes at your own discretion and good judgment .
Do not underestimate your intelligence and your will to do the right thing .
There is no natural law that requires you to listen to others in order to improve yourself ; sometimes the answers are right in front of you – stay mindful of this .
Miscellaneous tips
I will now take the opportunity to jump around between subjects and throw ideas at you that I have found particularly helpful in my own , ongoing journey of self - improvement and health .
Know your body .
This goes back to observing yourself as well as remaining mindful of your body throughout the day .
Learn things about yourself from a personal , anecdotal perspective – how do you react to certain foods , how do certain foods make you feel , what parts of your body are weak or strong , do you feel any aches or pains , how do you feel after you exercise , keep track of your energy levels throughout the day , etc .
Keeping these kinds of things in mind is going to help you to monitor yourself throughout your day as well as give your body the opportunity to tell you when something is wrong or right .
Let your body speak , keep your senses open , and keep the line of communication between mind - body strong .
Do research .
You can know your body from a scientific perspective too .
What have studies shown about the health benefits or consequences of certain foods ?
What do experts have to say about certain exercises ?
Learn how your metabolism works , what muscles there are in the body and how you can exercise them , and other things to consider in the environment that effect your body ( such as weather , pollution , noise and other potentially stressful stimuli , pets and animals , plants , too much TV , and whatever else ) .
Always keep the body somewhere in your mind .
Do n’t let it slip away for so long that you forget about it .
Health should be a top priority so get used to thinking about the body often and the things you can do to take better care of it .
Get encouragement .
If you are the type of person that is n’t the best self - motivator than seek the help of others .
Find a friend to join a gym with you or agree to run with you on certain days of the week .
Try to find a friend who is in a similar position .
Ignore friends that discourage you .
If you notice a friend is not keeping up with their promise to exercise with you , and this bothers you , then find someone else to work with .
Final Thought
I sincerely hope that you found something in this short guide that has pushed you in the right direction .
I am very familiar with the feeling of neglecting my body for far too long and paying the consequences – but always remember – there is never a better time to make a change than right now .
3D Gaming Advances In Windows 7
When Microsoft officially releases Windows 7 on October 22 , 2009 , they will be delivering to the world what they promised Windows Vista would be ... with a few nifty extras , of course .
So , you can't blame some folks for skipping Windows Vista and hanging onto Windows XP while Microsoft gets Windows 7 working .
Beta testers have so far been very impressed with Windows 7 .
It 's fast and it 's stable .
One of the reasons is the improved graphics capability in Windows 7 .
Microsoft seemed hesitant in utilizing the full capabilities of the graphics processor in Windows Vista , which was a real shame .
Windows 7 changes all that , and that 's what we will be talking about today .
We recently got our hands on more internal documents on DirectX improvements in Windows 7 , or rather how Windows 7 takes better advantage of Direct3D .
Although Microsoft has publicly revealed some details on what 's improved , this document reveals the details on what 's improved , as well as the new Direct2D and Direct3D 11 APIs .
Update @ Sept. 21 , 2009 : We added two new pages on the improved multi-GPU support in Windows 7 .
Note :
For inside information on other graphics advances ( non 3D ) in Windows 7 , please take a look at our Microsoft Windows 7 Graphics Enhancements article .
Windows 7 & Direct3D 10
The Direct3D 10 API that was released with Windows Vista was a rearchitecture and ground - up code rewrite of earlier Direct3D versions .
Direct3D 10.1 , which was released with Vista SP1 , came with some incremental changes .
Windows 7 further builds upon the Direct3D 10 infrastructure in the following areas :
Desktop Window Manager ( DWM )
Direct3D 10 - level -9
Remoting changes in Direct3D 10
Let 's take a closer look at those changes ...
This archived news story is available only for your personal , non-commercial use .
Information in the story may be outdated or superseded by additional information .
Reading or replaying the story in its archived form does not constitute a republication of the story .
SOUTH JORDAN --
There were some 6,000 to 8,000 lightning strikes in the Salt Lake Valley Saturday , and it appears one of them struck the new Oquirrh Mountain temple .
Witnesses say the lightning blackened the arm , trumpet and face of the Moroni statue that sits on top of the temple 's steeple .
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints has not confirmed the lightning strike .
×
Photos
Sen. Bernie Sanders on The Situation Room discussing his recent article at The Huffington Post , Health Care Is a Right , Not a Privilege .
From the article :
In the midst of this horrendous lack of coverage , the U.S. spends far more per capita on health care than any other nation - and health care costs continue to soar .
At $ 2.4 trillion dollars , and 18 percent of our GDP , the skyrocketing cost of health care in this country is unsustainable both from a personal and macro-economic perspective .
Let 's be clear .
Our health care system is disintegrating .
Today , 46 million people have no health insurance and even more are underinsured with high deductibles and co-payments .
At a time when 60 million people , including many with insurance , do not have access to a medical home , more than 18,000 Americans die every year from preventable illnesses because they do not get to the doctor when they should .
This is six times the number who died at the tragedy of 9/11 - but this occurs every year .
His interview with Wolf Blitzer below the fold where the good Senator showed just exactly how any question that is prefaced with " here 's what Karl Rove writes " , should be answered .
BLITZER : And joining us now , the Independent senator from the state of Vermont , Senator Bernie Sanders .
Senator , thanks very much for coming in .
SANDERS : It 's good to be with you .
BLITZER : You just wrote this -- and I 'll read it and put I up on the screen :
" I think the evidence is overwhelming that we must end the private insurance company domination of health care in our country and move toward a publicly funded , single payer , Medicare - for - all approach . "
You want a nationalized health care system in this country .
SANDERS : No , not a nationalized .
I want a national health insurance program which will continue to have privately funded doctors and non-profit hospitals .
The fact of the matter is , our current system is disintegrating .
You 've got 46 million without any health insurance .
More are underinsured .
We have 60 million Americans who do not have access to a doctor on a regular basis .
20,000 Americans die every single year because they do n't get the medical care they should be getting , and you know what , Wolf ?
At the end of the day we spend almost twice as much per person on health care as any other major countries , all of which have national health insurance programs .
Does that make a lot of sense to you ?
BLITZER : So you want to get rid of all of the insurance companies that deal with private health care insurance whether United Healthcare , or Kaiser Permanente --
SANDERS : Oh , United .
BLITZER : You want the government to take over the health insurance business ?
SANDERS : Exactly .
And that 's different that socialized medicine .
That 's a public health insurance program not dissimilar from what Canada has .
United Health Insurance .
A couple of years ago the head of that company was a guy named William McGuire .
He received $ 1.6 billion in stock options .
Now , do you think that 's a cost effective way of putting money into health care ?
We do n't have enough primary health care doctors -- one guy has $ 1.6 billion .
BLITZER : President Obama , as you know , he makes the point repeatedly that under any health care reform that he wants -- if you like -- millions of people have health insurance and they like their insurance policies , they like their doctors .
He says , if you like what you have right now you can keep on doing exactly that .
Why is he wrong ?
SANDERS : He 's not wrong .
He 's exactly right .
All that we 're changing -- we 're not telling people they should go to a different doctor .
We 're not telling people they do n't have a free choice --
BLITZER : But you 're telling them they should go to a different health insurance company .
SANDERS : Do you think people are saying , Oh , my God .
I want a freedom of choice of hundreds of health insurance companies ?
That 's not what they 're saying .
They 're saying , I want to go to the doctor that I want to go to .
I want to go to the hospital --
BLITZER : But there are a lot of people that do n't trust the federal government to do a good job managing their health insurance .
SANDERS : Well , I would tell you this .
That far more people look favorably on the Veteran 's Administration , look favorably upon Medicare or on Medicaid than they do on the private health insurance system .
People detest -- you know , one of the reasons in my view that Obama is president -- you remember during his campaign he said in so many words , my mom was struggling with cancer , she eventually died .
And she did n't -- she had to use half her energy to deal with getting claims from the private insurance companies .
Let 's be clear .
The function of a private insurance company is not to provide health insurance .
It 's not to provide health care .
Its goal is to make as much money as it can and you do that by denying people health insurance .
BLITZER : Here 's what Karl Rove writes in the " Wall Street Journal " on Thursday .
He says , " If Democrats enact a public option health insurance program , America is on their way to becoming a European - style welfare state . "
SANDERS : Oh , my goodness .
Well , I mean , the credibility of Karl Rove , who was Bush 's guy for eight years leaves something to be desired .
In my humble opinion , George Bush will go in down history as one of the worst presidents we 've ever had .
And he was advised ably in that regard by Karl Rove .
So , what Rove says is n't terribly important to me .
Let 's talk about so - called " European - welfare states . "
Every one of those countries has a national health care program and you know what ?
Not only is their health system more cost - effective , but what ends up happening , they do a lot better in terms of health care outcomes .
We are 37th in the world , in terms of infant mortality .
Do you think that 's a good record ?
BLITZER : Not if you listen to some of the commercials that are already running .
A group called Conservatives for Patients Rights is already airing this commercial .
Listen and watch .
( BEGIN VIDEO CLIP )
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE :
If you have cancer in the U.K. today , you 're going to die quicker than any other country in Europe .
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE : I feel that national health service has let me down because I feel that if I had asked -- if I had had a ( INAUDIBLE ) when I 'd asked one originally , I would n't have just gone through everything that I 've been through now .
And I feel that them raising the age limit has pretty much signed my death warrant .
( END VIDEO CLIP )
BLITZER : All right .
You hear those horror stories --
SANDERS : Oh !
Wait a minute .
Are these conservative people representing the insurance companies going to be putting ads on the television ?
BLITZER : You know there 's going to be a lot of buzz --
SANDERS : Of course they are .
That 's the reason why we are the only major country without a national health insurance company .
An actual health insurance program .
Because the insurance companies are going to spend part of our health care doctors on lobbying and advertising and campaign contributions to the tune over a period of years of hundreds of millions of dollars .
I do n't see the ad out there , talking about the 20,000 Americans who die every single year because they do n't have access to a doctor in a proper way .
Is there a problem with the British system ?
Of course there is .
Do you know what the differential is in spending per person in the United States and Great Britain ?
It 's about three to one .
We could do much better than the British do .
We can do better than the Canadians do .
None of these guys have an answer about why we spend so much on health care and we get so little value in return .
BLITZER : Senator Sanders , I 'm sure you 'll be at the forefront of this debate that 's going to be unfolding over the next several weeks and months .
Thanks for coming in .
SANDERS : My pleasure .
Israel frequently claims to possess the most moral army in the world An Israeli military college has printed damning soldiers ' accounts of the killing of civilians and vandalism during recent operations in Gaza .
One account tells of a sniper killing a mother and children at close range whom troops had told to leave their home .
Another speaker at the seminar described what he saw as the " cold blooded murder " of a Palestinian woman .
The army has defended its conduct during the Gaza offensive but said it would investigate the testimonies .
The Israeli army has said it will investigate the soldiers ' accounts .
The testimonies were published by the military academy at Oranim College .
Graduates of the academy , who had served in Gaza , were speaking to new recruits at a seminar .
The climate in general [ was that ] lives of Palestinians are much , much less important than the lives of our soldiers
Soldier testimony
Analysis : Operation Miscast Lead ?
Gaza war crimes probes " [ The testimonies ] conveyed an atmosphere in which one feels entitled to use unrestricted force against Palestinians , " academy director Dany Zamir told public radio .
Heavy civilian casualties during the three - week operation which ended in the blockaded coastal strip on 18 January provoked an international outcry .
Correspondents say the testimonies undermine Israel 's claims that troops took care to protect non-combatants and accusations that Hamas militants were responsible for putting civilians into harm 's way .
' Less important '
The Palestinian woman and two of her children were allegedly shot after they misunderstood instructions about which way to walk having been ordered out of their home by troops .
" The climate in general ...
I do n't know how to describe it .... the lives of Palestinians , let 's say , are much , much less important than the lives of our soldiers , " an infantry squad leader is quoted saying .
FROM THE BBC WORLD SERVICE Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from BBC World Service
In another cited case , a commander ordered troops to kill an elderly woman walking on a road , even though she was easily identifiable and clearly not a threat .
Testimonies , which were given by combat pilots and infantry soldiers , also included allegations of unnecessary destruction of Palestinian property .
" We would throw everything out of the windows to make room and order .
Everything ...
Refrigerators , plates , furniture .
The order was to throw all of the house 's contents outside , " a soldier said .
One non-commissioned officer related at the seminar that an old woman crossing a main road was shot by soldiers .
" I do n't know whether she was suspicious , not suspicious , I do n't know her story I do know that my officer sent people to the roof in order to take her out It was cold - blooded murder , " he said .
The transcript of the session for the college 's Yitzhak Rabin pre-military course , which was held last month , appeared in a newsletter published by the academy .
Israeli human rights groups have criticised the military for failing to properly investigate violations of the laws of war in Gaza despite plenty of evidence of possible war crimes .
' Moral army '
The soldiers ' testimonies also reportedly told of an unusually high intervention by military and non-military rabbis , who circulated pamphlets describing the war in religious terminology .
Palestinian civilians paid a heavy price during the three - week Israeli operation " All the articles had one clear message , " one soldier said .
" We are the people of Israel , we arrived in the country almost by miracle , now we need to fight to uproot the gentiles who interfere with re-conquering the Holy Land . "
" Many soldiers ' feelings were that this was a war of religion , " he added .
Defence Minister Ehud Barak told Israel Radio that the findings would be examined seriously .
" I still say we have the most moral army in the world .
Of course there may be exceptions but I have absolutely no doubt this will be inspected on a case - by - case basis , " he said .
Medical authorities say more than 1,300 Palestinians were killed during Israel 's 22 - day operation , including some 440 children , 110 women , and dozens of elderly people .
The stated aim was to curb rocket and mortar fire by militants from Gaza .
Thirteen Israelis , including three civilians were killed .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
At the moment , three of the top stories on the Huffington Post are :
Scratch that , journalism is dead .
The Huffington Post is supposed to represent the future of online journalism , but there 's no way that this trite compares to the work of established newspapers and media organizations like the New York Times and BBC News .
Images are from the Huffington Post
Do not simply believe anything on this web site - always check for yourself .
Treat the stories and quotes in these pages as pointers to find out more .
Learn to think for yourself and check all information .
Click on the year to see more details .
Introduction
Whenever , an event like this occurs there are two reasons to be considered .
Reason 1 : The reason given by the USA , its media and its friends around the world .
Reasons like Communism , Terrorism , Human Rights , Freedom , Liberation , Weapons of Mass Destruction , etc .
: The reason given by the USA , its media and its friends around the world .
Reasons like Communism , Terrorism , Human Rights , Freedom , Liberation , Weapons of Mass Destruction , etc. Reason 2 : The actual reason .
This is usually hidden from the general public and has to be looked for in quotes by under - reported officials or subsequent events on the ground .
Often , the victims of the change of government know the real reasons better than the populations of the Western countries .
Real reasons are many but usually include Business Interests , Access to Resources , Markets , Military Bases , Strategic Value , or Political Support .
Year Country Reason Given Actual Reason 1949 Syria Communism Elected government against USA political interests and pro-Palestinian .
1949 Greece Communism Elected government against USA political and economic interests .
1952 Cuba None Elected government against USA business interests .
1953 Iran None Elected government against USA oil interests .
1953 British Guyana None Access to sugar and bauxite .
1954 Guatemala Communism Elected government against USA business interests .
1955 South Vietnam Communism French backed leader replaced by USA backed leader .
1957 Haiti Haiti is near the USA Previous government against USA business interests .
1958 Laos None Pro-USA government wanted .
1959 Laos None Pro-USA government wanted .
1960 South Korea Communism Previous leader not strong enough for USA .
1960 Laos None Pro-USA government wanted .
1960 Ecuador Communism Previous government too independent in foreign policy .
1963 Dominican Republic Business Interests Elected government against USA business interests .
1963 South Vietnam None Previous leader 's policies led to televised suicides .
1963 Honduras Communism Pro-USA government and access to resources .
1963 Guatemala Communism Military government was about to allow elections .
1963 Ecuador None Elected government too independent .
1964 Brazil Communism
Access to resources and cheap labour .
1964 Bolivia Communism Previous government too independent in foreign policy .
1965 Zaire None Access to cobalt , copper and diamonds .
1966 Ghana None Previous government too independent in foreign policy .
1967 Greece None Military bases .
1970 Cambodia None Previous king against USA political interests .
1970 Bolivia None Country took ownership of its oil and tin .
1972 El Salvador Communism Elected leader against USA business interests .
1973 Chile Communism Elected government against USA business interests .
1975 Australia None Elected government had unsuitable foreign policy .
1979 South Korea None Pro-USA government wanted .
1980 Liberia Democracy Pro-USA government wanted .
1982 Chad None Pro-USA government wanted .
1983 Grenada Democracy Pro-USA government wanted .
1987 Fiji Democracy Previous elected government supported nuclear - free Pacific .
2002 Venezuela None Disagreed with foreign policy of elected government .
2004 Haiti Fraudulent elections Disagreed with economic policy of elected government .
2009 Honduras Attempted to Change Constitution Disagreed with economic and foreign policy of elected government .
Unlock the key of your success by Testking 70 - 642 certification exam along 642-661 certification exam certification .
By using our latest 642- 145 questions and answers product and 77-602 audio exam , you can easily pass with 70 - 536 Certification dumps .
Books From Amazon.co.uk and Amazon.com
KryssTal Related Pages
External Links
US Foreign Interventions .
This listing goes back to 1890 .
Quotes
" From 1945 to the end of the [ 20th ] century , the USA attempted to overthrow more than 40 foreign governments , and to crush more than 30 populist - nationalist movements struggling against intolerable regimes .
In the process , the USA caused the end of life for several million people , and condemned many millions more to a life of agony and despair " .
Michael Krenn , quoting the USA chargé d'Affairs in 1929 ;
" Until the Venezuelan people could be trusted to make the right decisions concerning their political and economic direction - and that time was deemed to be in the very distant future - it was best for all concerned that they be kept safe from democracy . "
CIA document , dated 10 September 1973 about Chile :
" The coup attempt will begin September 11 .
All three branches of the armed forces and the Carabineros are involved in this action .
A declaration will be read on Radio Agricultura at 7 A.M. on 11 September . "
Jack Kubisch , Deputy Assistant Secretary of State .
Testimony before the USA House Subcommittee on Inter American Affairs 20 September 1973 about the Chilean coup :
" Gentlemen , I wish to state as flatly and as categorically as I possibly can that we did not have advance knowledge of the coup that took place on September 11 . "
Pentagon 's Planning Guidance for the Fiscal Years 1994 - 1999 , a USA planning document :
" Our first objective is to prevent the re-emergence of a new rival ... we must maintain the mechanisms for deterring potential competitors from even aspiring to a larger regional or global role . "
Bill Clinton , USA president , speaking in Greece ;
" When the junta took over in 1967 here the United States allowed its interests in prosecuting the Cold War to prevail over its interests - I should say its obligation - to support democracy , which was , after all , the cause for which we fought the Cold War .
it is important that we acknowledge that . "
ARLINGTON , Va.  President Obama observed Memorial Day on Monday just as his predecessors had , by placing a wreath at the Tomb of the Unknowns here .
But Mr. Obama added a twist : he sent a second wreath to a memorial honoring blacks who fought in the Civil War .
“ They felt some tug ; they answered a call ; they said , ‘ I ’ll go , ’ ” Mr. Obama said after the wreath - laying ceremony in a 12 - minute address paying tribute to veterans and fallen soldiers .
“ That is why they are the best of America , and that is what separates them from those of us who have not served in uniform : their extraordinary willingness to risk their lives for people they never met . ”
Image President Obama took part in a wreath laying ceremony at the Tomb of the Unknown at Arlington National Cemetery in Arlington , Virginia .
Credit ...
Mandel Ngan / Agence France - Presse — Getty Images
The president asked all Americans to pause at 3 p.m. on Monday for a moment of “ national unity ” to honor the war dead .
“ I ask you to ring a bell , or offer a prayer , say a silent ‘ thank you , ’ ” Mr. Obama said , “ and commit to give something back to this nation , something lasting , in their memory . ”
Numark has released their video introducing the gameplay of and most importantly the controller of their game , Scratch .
Of course this is a game that will be going against DJ Hero this fall .
Numark is the most respected name for DJ equipment and has been making turntables for a very long time .
So , when it came time to create a controller for a DJ simulation game , they would be the ones that could create a very authentic DJ experience .
[ vimeo ]
http://vimeo.com/5014070[/vimeo]
Now , going against DJ Hero , both games have their pros and cons .
DJ Hero :
3 buttons on the turntable
An effects dial
Activision / Blizzard name to back it up
Has 10 special songs to play with a friend with a Guitar Hero Guitar
Crossfader
Can only scratch when the game tells you to
Available October 27th
Numark ’s Scratch
Sorry if this is a little heavy compared to the normal blog post I produce but I ’ve been due one for a while .
This is going to be a tough one to do , so please keep with me , please if I make a mistake this is out of my comfort zone of knowledge pull me up and tell me where I ’m wrong , but this has been kicking around my head for a number of weeks .
I ’ve also been reading everything I can and asking silly questions to all the people I know ( thank you in particular to Stephen Hurst at Mercanta and to Juancarlo of Virmax in Colombia for answering all my stupid questions ) .
For years the coffee industry has tried to make coffee prices a bit too simple .
So numbers like $ 1.31 a lb for fairtrade , 8 cents a lb premium for organic market price of $ 1.36 a lb for commodity coffee have been common place .
I along with many others have been as guilty as anyone else of doing this .
The grey area has always come with specialty coffee ( minus cup of excellence I guess , if this got any more transparent then you would n’t be able to see it ) here relationship prices can be anywhere that the market decides but tend to be normally above and beyond what would be considered the norm .
Also FOB ( free on board prices ) never tell the full story , was there pre finacing , is there a long term agreement in place etc )
We have made a commitment from day one of Has Bean being a glimmer in my eye , to pay the very best prices we can , while making sure the consumer gets a great deal too .
For too long a premium on coffee without a premium in the cup has been what was expected in the coffee world ( and to an extent still is ) , and I ’m thinking of fairtrade rainforest alliance etc , this is not a premium but a charity donation that is not sustainable and for the long term , and for sure has been a short term fix to a terrible problem , but without foundations of a longer term solution that needed to be laid .
This is where the relationship prices kick in .
I think there are many others out there that have done far more admirable work thatn us , but as the small fish we are we have the goals and ambtions to emulate them .
But something I did n’t understand really happened in the market was something called differentials .
These are country premiums on top of the commercial market price for any grade of arabica coffee .
So any one will be able to achieve this price and there will be lots of people offering to take it off there hands for these prices with no regard for quality .
To give you an idea of the prices take a look below for April ( Colombia got even higher afterwards ) ( at time of writing the market price for commercial coffee is £ 1.36 so all these prices are that plus the differential )
Colombia 66.73 Cents
Guatemala 25.53 Cents
Costa Rica 24.35 Cents
El Salvador 9.73 Cents
Honduras 8.26 Cents
Mexico 4.55 Cents
Brazil - 18.85 Cents
I do n’t know the answer to this question , but it does make me think that if fairtrade is pitching at $ 1.31 minimum price do they pay differentials too ?
And is this across the board differentials ?
The other thing I ’ve since found out that you would think producers would welcome higher prices .
But the very reason the differential has gone up is due to lack of supply .
So the higher prices are just cushioning the blow of lower yields , and there is a huge negative of not being able to service long term customers with there requirements with the reduced stocks .
This also has a long term damage of customers looking at other origins a little harder
I also questioned was the incredibly low Brazil price .
But much of this is down to the huge sizes of the farms and the mechanised nature of these farms .
But it seems very low even for commercial coffee I wonder how it can be profitable at this very low cost .
But the upshot from all of this was commercial coffee prices are having less and less to do with speciality coffee .
We have been far more effected by the strength of the dollar against the pound that any other factor .
When you start high these things tend to not have so much of a bearing , and longer term relationships are most important at times of highs as well at the times of lows and it should and is a two way street .
Interesting times to be involved in coffee .
Melanoma can start in a mole or in normal skin Homeless people in Edinburgh are able to get free high - factor sun cream to protect them from the summer rays , a charity has announced .
It is hoped the scheme will help protect homeless people , who spend a lot of time outside , from skin cancer .
Charity Sunwise , which works to cut the numbers of sunburn and sunstroke in the homeless , has been organising the hand - out of free factor 30 sun creams .
The creams will be available through hostels , GPs , hospitals and paramedics .
For the UK's homeless people , sun protection is an unaffordable commodity , not an essential precaution .
Gordon Farquhar
The Co-operative Pharmacy Although , national chemist chain , The Co-operative Pharmacy , is paying for and providing the creams and lotions to the scheme , they will not be available from its shops across the capital .
Instead the creams will be available from all homeless outlets in the city .
Malignant melanoma is the most rapidly increasing cancer in the UK , largely due to sun exposure .
Posters to publicise the initiative have been displayed across the city advising homeless people how to obtain the sun cream and after - sun lotion .
Gordon Farquhar , commercial director of The Co-operative Pharmacy , said : " For many of us , slapping on the sun cream is as synonymous with summer as ice cream and days at the beach .
" However , for the UK 's homeless people , sun protection is an unaffordable commodity , not an essential precaution .
" As a community pharmacy , we 're dedicated to looking after the health and well - being of all the people within the communities we serve which is why we 're providing free sun cream and after - sun lotion to support this initiative . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Scientists at the Gladstone Institutes of Virology and Immunology ( GIVI ) have found another clue that may lead to eradication of HIV from infected patients who have been on antiretroviral therapy .
A real cure for HIV has been elusive because the virus can " hide " in a latent form in resting CD4 - T cells .
By understanding this " latency " effect , researchers can identify ways to reactivate the virus and enable complete clearance by current or future therapies .
Researchers in the laboratory of GIVI Associate Director Eric Verdin , MD have found that methylation of cytosine in the DNA of infected cells is associated with HIV latency and that inhibition of DNA methylation causes the reactivation of latent HIV .
These observations offer a potential new strategy for inhibiting HIV latency and reactivating the virus .
The discovery was reported in the current edition of PLoS Pathogens .
" While HIV - 1 latency is likely to be a multifactorial process , we have shown that inhibiting the methylation of the provirus contributes to an almost complete reactivation of latent HIV - 1 , " said lead author Steven E. Kauder .
The research team , which also included scientists from the University of Utah and Stockholm 's Karolinska Institute , developed in vitro models of HIV - 1 latency in T cells that harbor a full - length HIV genome .
The provirus in the cell lines also encoded a fluorescent marker to illuminate HIV - 1 transcriptional activity .
In addition to finding that DNA methylation is a mechanism of latency , the scientists also discovered that a host protein , called methlyl - CpG binding domain protein 2 ( MBD2 ) binds to the methylated HIV DNA and is an important mediator of latency .
" Interfering with methylation greatly potentiates the reactivation of HIV , " Kauder said .
In this study , the researchers found that the drug 5 - aza - 2 ' deoxycytidine ( aza - CdR ) can inhibit HIV methylation and cause the virus to reactivate .
" Combined with other areas of our investigation into HIV latency , this research provides important new knowledge about the process and opens many new pathways for future study , " said Dr. Verdin , senior author of the study .
Source : Gladstone Institutes ( news : web )
Explore further Can periodontal disease act as a risk factor for HIV-1 ?
Posted : May 28 , 2009
Sure , the buy - a - Chrysler - Pacifica - get - a- PT - Cruiser - free deal looked enticing .
And the buy - one - get - one - free - Dodge - Rams were tempting .
But nothing can top the deal Mitsubishi is offering in New Zealand this month .
Australia 's Sydney Morning Herald reports , " Mitsubishi Motors is offering a free goat with every Triton ute sold before August in a novel effort at correcting the economy . "
A ute , we should explain , is a vehicle with the front end of a family sedan and the rear end of a pickup truck - like the Subaru Baja , or the Chevy El Camino of the 1970s .
We almost got a Ute here this year , but with the death of Pontiac , it 's been cancelled .
In the best quote we 'll every have the opportunity to run , Mitsubishi Motors New Zealand general sales and marketing manager Peter Wilkins told the Herald that " Goats , like our Tritons , are hardy , versatile units which will integrate directly into existing farm operations . "
Speaking to the New Zealand Business Review , he added , " And , most importantly , there is no such thing as Goat Flu - so no threat to tourism .
It 's hard to see a downside . "
However , he noted , " On the off chance that the purchaser already has enough goats or feels that goat herding is better left to those in drier climes , we 'll supply a ‘ no goat package ' consisting of a five - year / 100,000 km extended warranty , five free WOF inspections [ we have no idea ] , 5,000 km road user charges , five years of roadside assistance and $ 500 of genuine or approved Triton accessories . "
Unfortunately , there are no announced plans to offer an ungulate package with an Eclipse stateside - even though an alpaca could easily fit in the backseat if the convertible top were down .
If you 're in the market for a new car , we can run down this month 's best car deals for you .
But we 've found nothing as cool as the goat to tell you about .
They were joined by the civil servants , police officers and pensioners who all enjoyed the incumbent ’s oil - financed generosity to his base , by those who relished his name - naming attack on corruption and by those who took pride in his defiance of the West .
Outside Iran , the result was comforting to hawks in Israel and some Western capitals who had feared that a more congenial Iranian president would cause the world to let down its guard against a country galloping toward nuclear weapons capability .
( Mr. Moussavi , while promising a more conciliatory foreign policy , did not disavow the country ’s nuclear - processing project , which Iran insists is for civilian ends alone . )
“ In fact , Moussavi will be more difficult to deal with , because he will be nicer , ” one skeptical Western diplomat said on the eve of the vote .
Among downcast Iranian journalists and academics , the chatter focused on why the interlocking leadership of clerics , military officers and politicians , without whose acquiescence little of importance happens , decided to stick with Mr. Ahmadinejad .
Did they panic at the unexpected passion for change that arose in the closing weeks of the Moussavi campaign ?
Did Mr. Moussavi go too far in his promises of women ’s rights , civil freedom and a more conciliatory approach to the West ?
Or was the surge an illusion after all , the product of wishful thinking ?
The optimists in Iran and abroad have to ask themselves whether the joyful ruckus that filled the streets represented a new popular force or just an opportunity to let off steam .
While Iran is not quite the closed society many imagine  it is a nation of text messagers and Facebook users , with access to Persian - language BBC broadcasts and other independent voices  it is still a controlled society .
On the street , the speculation focused more on how the election was manipulated , as many voters insisted it must have been for Mr. Ahmadinejad to score such a preposterous margin of victory .
Ford is trying to take advantage of recent problems at GM and Chrysler Ford , the only one of the " Big Three " US carmakers not to have gone bankrupt , has reported its share of the US market in May was its highest since 2006 .
Its sales of 155,954 vehicles in May were down 24 % from the same month last year , but up 20 % from April .
On the day after filing for bankruptcy , GM announced May sales were down 30 % from a year ago but up 11 % from April .
Chrysler , which filed for bankruptcy on 30 April , saw its sales in the US fall 47 % from May 2008 to 79,010 .
Many of Chrysler 's sales were a result of heavy discounting because 789 dealers are due to stop selling the company 's cars next week .
GM sold 191,875 cars and light trucks during the month , with the worst performance coming from the brands it plans to get rid of : Pontiac , Hummer , Saturn and Saab .
We 're encouraged that consumers are beginning to return to showrooms and that the industry continues to show signs of stabilisation
Don Esmond , Toyota Earlier in the day it said it had reached a tentative agreement to sell Hummer , but did not identify the buyer or the value of the agreement .
' Future is now '
Ford has decided to increase production to take advantage of the problems facing General Motors and Chrysler .
It will make an extra 10,000 vehicles in the April to June quarter and 42,000 more than were planned for the following quarter .
" At Ford , the future is now , " said Ford 's Ken Czubay .
" New products account for 50 % of our sales , and demand for these products is driving our market share gains , " he added .
Toyota 's US sales fell 40 % from last year to 152,583 , but that was up 21 % from April .
" We 're encouraged that consumers are beginning to return to showrooms and that the industry continues to show signs of stabilisation , " said Toyota 's Don Esmond .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
After discussions with EFF , YouTube has implemented additional privacy protections for visitors to Whitehouse.gov viewing embedded videos hosted by YouTube .
When the Whitehouse.gov website launched in January , including embedded videos from YouTube , privacy advocates raised concerns that without extra privacy measures , YouTube would be improperly tracking visitors to the government website , including recording which videos were watched and combining that information with the ever - growing amount of information that Google and YouTube have about internet users , through YouTube ’s use of cookies .
In response , The White House first made sure that YouTube 's cookies were not served merely upon visiting the website , much like EFF does with MyTube .
That was a good step .
Now YouTube says that they have taken a second step urged by EFF : essentially ignoring their account cookies for videos viewed on Whitehouse.gov .
Ordinarily , YouTube maintains a record of every YouTube video you ’ve ever viewed , associated with your YouTube account , through use of the YouTube cookie .
Now , they ’ve agreed to exempt videos embedded on Whitehouse.gov from this logging .
This is a good step and we commend YouTube and the Government for taking it .
It shows that they recognize that tracking the government videos that Americans view is creepy and wrong .
It also shows that Google / YouTube technologists can build and offer clever , useful privacy - protective modifications to their standard software .
Now we'd like to see them turn that cleverness to other places , not just the White House .
Google / YouTube should offer this same " tracking - free " viewing to others .
Human rights videos , politically sensitive videos , or even ordinary videos where viewers may want privacy should all be available without tracking .
This is all the more important given the recent announcement that your YouTube viewing habits are being linked to your general Google dossier .
In addition , the government should adopt " tracking - free " videos across the board for all government websites .
Viewers of videos from the Internal Revenue Service , the Federal Bureau of Investigation , your member of Congress and other governmental entities deserve the same privacy protection that viewers of the President 's speeches .
And since we 're on the subject , we 'd like a response to our January 27 and February 11 letters to the White House Counsel seeking the waiver that he provided to Whitehouse.
gov to allow it to use cookies in the first place .
As we 've said before , privacy concerns do n't begin and end with the use of cookies .
Along with CDT , we 've proposed a better approach to privacy on government websites .
Nevertheless , YouTube has taken a good step in the right direction with this change .
May 22 , 2009 - Erik Johnson
First off , a quick note :
We put so much stuff into this update that we did n't manage to cover it all on the internets before the update went live , so we made a special Bonus page .
In addition , our merchandising crew had as much fun coming up with Spy & Sniper themed merchandise as we did making the update , so make sure you go and check it all out .
Secondly , we wanted to take a moment to talk about the new item drop system in the update , since we 're getting a lot of questions about it .
Why did we build a new system ?
With our first four class updates we were tying the new weapons for each class to a set of achievements .
Our intention was to make a set of achievements that eventually all players would get , and would be fun to get along the way .
In some cases we did a good job at this ( Scout ) , and in some cases we did a bad one ( Medic ) .
Across all of the class packs we were disappointed in the number of people that got to play with the new weapons , and feedback from the community was generally not favorable with this approach .
For the last number of months we 've been working on using the Steam Cloud to store a player 's inventory .
With that finally in place , we were able to deploy a new system focused on the giving of items to players .
That new system watches the amount of time that players are playing TF2 , and gives them a chance to find items at regular intervals .
They are n't guaranteed to get the item at those points , but they have a pretty good chance .
We based the system on granting items on the amount of time played because we do n't want players to have to do weird things like join achievement grinding servers to get new content .
Basing it off time also has the benefit of ensuring that if you play a lot of TF2 , you 're going to get more items than players who do n't .
When we were tuning this system we first looked at the average amount of time that players spend playing TF2 daily .
From there , we set the goal of most players having around 20 items in their inventory after a couple of weeks of play .
If you 're someone who plays a lot of TF2 , you 're going to get items a lot faster than that .
In the first few hours after the release yesterday , we had some issues that prevented the system from working properly , so that timeframe was not indicative of the system as it's designed .
A Los Angeles man was sentenced late Wednesday in federal court to four years in prison after pleading guilty last year to infecting as many as 250,000 computers and stealing thousands of peoples ' identities and hijacking their bank accounts .
The Los Angeles authorities said John Schiefer , 27 , was the nation 's first defendant to plead guilty to wiretapping charges ( . pdf ) in connection to using botnets .
Schiefer , who went by the online handle " acidstorm , " faced as many as 60 years in prison and acknowledged using a botnet to remotely control computers across the United States .
Once in control of the computers , the authorities said , ( .pdf ) his spybot malware allowed him to intercept computer communications .
He mined usernames and passwords on accounts such as PayPal and made purchases totaling thousands of dollars without consent .
The authorities said he worked by day as an information security consultant with 3G Communications .
After his guilty plea , Schiefer was hired at Mahalo , the so - called " human powered search engine . "
Its founder , Jason Calacanis wrote that the company failed to realize that the Los Angeles company had hired a man who had pleaded guilty to being a hacker .
Calacanis point out that Mahalo users ' data was not breached by Schiefer .
Note to Mahalo Users : John ’s work is well - supervised .
Mahalo follows strict security policies and we do n’t store any sensitive data anyway .
( Even if one of our employees did go off the deep end , the most they would have access to would be your questions and answers on Mahalo Answers– not much damage can be done there since they ’re all public anyway ) .
The defendant was among eight individuals indicted or successfully prosecuted in a crack down on black hat hackers who use armies of zombie computers to commit financial fraud , attack web sites with floods of traffic and send spam .
The crimes at issue involved more than $ 20 million in losses , according to the FBI .
The FBI dubbed the eight cases " Operation Bot Roast II " – the second round of its investigations against botnets , one of the most dangerous threats online today .
The first FBI crackdown on botnets was announced in June , 2007 .
See Also :
Also follow steephill on Twitter
Stage Races Classics
Giro d'Italia 2020 Live Dashboard
Race Info , Preview , Live Video , Results , Photos and Highlights
Group riders by : or Printable Startlist
News and Updates for Giro d'Italia 2020
Live starting Thursday , 2020 UCI Road World Championships
Live : race info , broadcasters , updates
2020 Giro d'Italia Preview
Revised stage maps , profiles and timetables now posted for the rescheduled October Giro d'Italia .
See race summary table , right .
updates to dates , host towns and stage details coming ...
Official route announced .
See profiles and maps ( right )
Also follow steephill on Twitter for the latest race info and video updates .
Live Video Streaming and TV Coverage
2020 Giro d'Italia Route Map
A work in progress forlive and delayed coverage .
Most live feeds will be country restricted , but .
Check back at race time for more links .
Feel free to send in additional sources for live video , tv coverage or text updates / tickers as they become known .
— Fubo tv now has special pricing on their cycling pass ( unbundled offer for U.S. and Canadian viewers ) through the rest of year .
$ 59.99 USD includes the Italian races such as this weekend 's Il Lombardia and the Giro d'Italia in October and the Flanders Classics : ( Revised for the move to October ) Stage maps are posted in the race summary table
US Army officials have announced that the high - tech XM - 25 computer smartgun , intended to let soldiers shoot at and hit enemies hiding around corners , will enter field trials this summer .
The " counter defilade " gun , similar in size to existing infantry weapons , is expected to reduce the number of controversial airstrikes used in Afghanistan and Iraq .
Your trench has become your grave .
Regular Reg readers will already be familiar with the XM - 25 and its unique ability to strike at enemy gunmen or snipers who are protected by roof edges , corners , rock outcrops , trenches etc .
This is accomplished by using a laser rangefinder to precisely measure the distance to the enemy 's protection ( for instance a low wall ) .
The XM - 25 smartgunner then selects how much nearer or further from that location he thinks the target is - for an enemy behind a normal wall , the soldier would choose +1 metre .
If the soldier had lased the back of a room or cave through an opening , he might choose - 1 or - 2 metres .
Then the XM - 25 's computer calculates the exact angle the weapon 's barrel should be elevated to in order to lob a 25 mm explosive mini- shell through the selected point in space , and generates a new pipper in the gunsight accordingly .
The soldier moves the pip onto his or her original point of aim , so adjusting the gunbarrel to the correct angle .
The shell in the XM - 25 's breech gets its electronic time fuse precisely set by a wireless transmission from the smartgun computer at the instant it is fired .
It flies out on the calculated ballistic arc and explodes exactly in the chosen spot - above the head of an enemy in a trench or on a rooftop , right next to one lurking around a corner , dead in the middle of a room etc .
The miniature explosive warhead sprays the target (s ) with shrapnel .
Rich Audette , the US Army official in charge of the XM - 25 , described the weapon 's usefulness in a briefing last week .
" In Iraq we had many instances where there was a sniper firing from a rooftop and you have a squad trying to engage that target , but the soldiers could n’t get to him with the weapons they had , so they ’d call in the Air Force to drop a JDAM [ joint direct attack munition - a smart bomb ] , ” he said .
“ We can take out the target at $ 25 per XM round as opposed to a $ 20,000 to $ 50,000 JDAM . ”
Quite apart from saving money , less smartbombs dropped would also be a good thing in terms of winning the propaganda war - particularly in Afghanistan at the moment , where US and allied airstrikes are believed to be killing large numbers of innocent civilians .
Many nonprofits find that they spend hours writing social media posts in the hopes of attracting new members — only to get just a handful of responses .
It can be frustrating and disheartening , particularly when some nonprofits are managing to create social campaigns that go viral , earning millions of views and shares .
You might also be wondering if there ’s a secret ingredient that these posts have and yours do n’t .
Is there a certain combination of words to use ?
A shortcut to get Facebook likes ?
Or does it just take a huge marketing budget ?
However , the real secret ingredient to increasing engagement with your social media is surprisingly simple .
Whether your organization is big or small , it ’s something you can achieve , even with limited resources .
And that secret ingredient is : preparation .
Nonprofits often create exciting , well - written content on social media , but still do n’t see much engagement because their posts :
Do n’t have a clear purpose
Are n’t speaking to the most relevant audience
Are n’t on the right platform
Are n’t being posted at the right time
Before you publish another post , take a look at our guide to the four key questions you should be asking yourself in order to avoid these setbacks .
Read More : The Beginner ’s Guide to Mastering Facebook
In this blog , we ’ll cover :
Why are we posting ?
Who are we trying to reach ?
Where is the right place to post ?
When is the best time to post ?
By answering these questions , you ’ll have created a plan that outlines both what to post and how to post it for the maximum impact .
Let ’s get started ...
1 . Why are we posting ?
The first step of creating a social media marketing strategy that really works for your nonprofit is deciding what you want to achieve from your posts .
Many organizations set broad goals such as ‘ raise awareness ’ that are difficult to track .
Instead , to make your goal more focused , think about how you would be able to report on it .
Does ‘ raising awareness ’ mean increasing the number of people who share each post , or the number of people who click through to your website ?
A good guide is to set goals that are SMART :
Specific
Measurable
Achievable
Relevant
Time - based
For example , you could aim to gain 100 new members over 3 months from a specific campaign .
Or maybe your goal is to gain enough donations to complete some badly needed office renovations .
With a measurable goal in your sights , you can choose a call to action that works towards this , such as ‘ Follow our Facebook Page ’ , or ‘ Join Us as a Supporter ’ .
This will also help you choose the text and images you post , and to easily track your progress as you go .
Take this post by Circle of Health as an example .
As well as giving a link to their donation campaign , they also let supporters know how they use those donations , the reasons that they 're vital , and how they 're progressing towards their target .
Tracking your progress could take the form of weekly reports on the number of subscribers to your newsletter , or the number of times your posts have been shared .
It could mean keeping a running total of the donations you ’ve received in a place where your whole team can see it , or the number of people who have signed up for your next event .
2 . Who are we trying to reach ?
The most successful social media marketing is targeted towards very specific audiences .
For example , an organization supporting schools in New York is more likely to receive donations from parents who live within the state than from teenagers who live in Europe .
Establishing your target audience will help you focus your social media posting to the places they are and the things they care about .
To do this , many organizations find it helpful to create personas — fictional characters who represent the people you ’re trying to communicate with .
To create personas for your nonprofit , start by looking at your existing members and supporters , and researching the people you would ideally like to reach .
How old are they ?
Where do they live ?
What kind of job do they work in ?
What are their hobbies ?
How do they prefer to communicate ?
In order to get to know your current supporters , it helps to keep a tidy and comprehensive database of your members , donors and contacts that lets you find the information you need at a glance .
Using a nonprofit management software solution can take the hassle out of managing your data by helping you set up easy membership sign ups , online access , and filters that easily pick out the right people to speak to .
Using your research , you can create a character ( or two , or three at most ) that represents an average member of your audience .
As you begin to plan a new social media campaign , try to write to this persona .
Would they understand any technical lingo you ’re using ?
Would they stop to look at the image you ’re planning to use ?
Would they find the content you ’re posting helpful ?
3 . Where is the right place to post ?
Once you ’ve gotten to know your audience , you ’ll find it easier to choose the platforms these people are looking at .
Check out this article by Social Media Today for a useful guide to which demographics are using the most popular platforms , including Twitter , Facebook , Instagram and Snapchat .
It ’s also important to remember that different platforms suit different types of content .
Choosing the social media networks you ’ll be posting on will also help you structure the types of post you ’ll be making .
On Facebook , you can create Events that people can easily share with their networks or use to register ; with Slideshare , you can upload educational presentations about your mission ; and on Pinterest , you can keep a photo log of all your projects .
For example :
The ASPCA use Facebook Events to let supporters know the date , time , location and details of their upcoming fundraisers .
The Dana - Farber Cancer Institute use Slideshare to explain complex medical questions in a way that ’s understandable to everyone .
Jolkona supports social entrepreneurs , and uses their Pinterest to showcase the projects and people they work with .
If you 've decided that Facebook is one of the platforms your nonprofit should be on , be sure to check out this guide on how to get your Facebook page up and running .
4 . When is the best time to post ?
While planning when to post , there are two main things to take into consideration .
Firstly , you ’ll need to decide how you want to pace your social media accounts .
Will you be posting regularly , or more frequently around events ?
Are there major holidays or events coming up that you want to piggyback on for traffic , or avoid clashing with in case you get drowned out ?
If you ’re planning to post several times about a particular project or theme , you should also consider whether you want to spread these out with posts on other topics to keep readers interested .
A good rule of thumb is the 80/20 split .
80 % of your posts should be non-promotional and provide interesting or educational content for your readers , leaving 20 % to ask for donations or promote events .
Secondly , pick the day and time of each post to maximize the number of people who see it .
Each social media platform has different points in the week when they receive the most visitors — Sprout Social has a helpful guide to this .
Linkedin , for example , has lots of visitors on mid-week afternoons , but very few on the weekends .
The best time to post on Twitter , however , is Thursday and Friday at lunchtime .
Not available at the peak time ?
No problem .
There are free or low - cost online tools like Hootsuite and Buffer that let you save the posts you want to send and schedule them to be published automatically at specific times .
How to Start Writing Social Media Posts Your Supporters Will Love
Once you ’ve set your plan in place , you ’re ready to start creating your campaigns .
For ideas on what to post and examples of campaigns that have worked for other nonprofits , watch our on - demand webinar with nonprofit social media expert and author Julia Campbell , 5 Ways Nonprofits are Actually Attracting New Members with Social Media .
In this free 1 - hour webinar , you ’ll learn about the common pitfalls that make your social updates less effective , the real reasons why some nonprofits are finding success , and a simple process to create engaging content on social media .
And for more examples of really great nonprofit social media strategies , check out this post .
Additional Resources
The 10 Best Social Media Tools for Nonprofits ( Wild Apricot )
Use These 5 Steps to Create a Nonprofit Marketing Plan ( Wild Apricot )
Facebook for Associations : The 5 Best Ways to Promote Your Organization ( Wild Apricot )
Essential Social Media Metrics ( Neil Patel )
You would be forgiven for thinking that Sir Peter Viggers ' duck house was an unnecessary extravagance .
But this whimsical floating house is not merely a folly : it also serves to protect the sleeping birds from predators .
Here is our pick of the best duck islands to suit every budget
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
The White House will unveil reforms to the nation 's international tax code on Monday intended to close loopholes for overseas tax havens and end incentives for creating jobs overseas .
The White House aims at companies that use loopholes in the law that allow them to legally avoid paying taxes .
Senior administration officials briefed reporters Sunday evening in a conference call ahead of the announcement that will be made by President Obama and Treasury Secretary Tim Geithner .
The two components of the president 's plan include reforms that ensure the tax code does not handicap companies seeking to create jobs at home , as well as reforms that reduce the amount of tax revenue lost to tax havens .
The White House is targeting companies that use loopholes in the law that allow them to legally avoid paying billions in taxes .
It also focuses on wealthy individuals who break the law by creating hidden overseas accounts .
The Obama administration plans to raise $ 103.1 billion by removing tax advantages for investing overseas and will use that money to help make a tax credit permanent , the officials said .
The administration also hopes to raise $ 95.2 billion over the next 10 years by cracking down on overseas tax havens .
The White House , under the plan , would eliminate the " check - the - box " provision which allows corporations to designate overseas subsidiaries as branches of the company , not subjected to taxes .
This tax loophole enables companies to avoid paying U.S. taxes .
One senior administration official said it has cost the U.S. government $ 86.5 billion over 10 years and is " the most unjustified loophole in the international tax system which needs to close down . "
It is a legal practice , the officials said , involving " companies taking advantage of a very bad law . "
The U.S. government also loses about $ 9 billion in tax revenue from wealthy individuals who use illegal tax havens overseas , a senior administration official said .
The White House will announce the changes as part of the administration 's budget .
The plans include the Internal Revenue Service hiring almost 800 employees , who would be devoted to cracking down on overseas tax abuse .
The administration expects these initiatives to raise at least $ 210 billion over the next 10 years " to cut taxes for American families , increase incentives for businesses to create jobs in America and reduce the deficit . "
When asked about the intense lobbying effort already underway against these reforms , including 200 opposition letters sent to Congress , a senior administration official said , " We expect many lobbying against us ... "
All About Taxes • Barack Obama • Internal Revenue Service
Topics Covered Hunan Provincial Museum OLD POT
This ancient ceramic cooking pot was reassembled from pottery fragments unearthed in Yuchanyan Cave in China in 1995 .
A new study of that site indicates that potsherds collected there are some 18,000 years old , which pushes back the age of pottery making nearly 2,000 years .
Text Size A A
Pottery making dates back nearly 2,000 years earlier than previously believed , according to an international team of scientists .
On the basis of archeology and radiocarbon dating methods , the researchers , based in Israel , China , and the U.S. , determined that fragments of pottery unearthed in Yuchanyan Cave in China 's Hunan province are approximately 18,000 years old ( Proc. Natl .
Acad . Sci. USA , DOI : 10.1073/pnas.0900539106 ) .
Previous studies of archeology sites in East Asia set the ages of the oldest potsherds ever analyzed in the 15,000 - to 16,000 - year - old range .
Many of those studies , however , do not include systematic analyses of the ages of the strata in which the pottery fragments were recovered .
A key challenge in these types of studies centers on pinpointing carbon - rich materials in the immediate vicinity of — and associated with — the potsherds and then accurately measuring the ages of those carbon - based materials .
Elisabetta Boaretto of Weizmann Institute of Science , in Rehovot , Israel , explains that the ancient ceramic fragments themselves cannot be dated because they do not contain preserved organic material that can be related to the time of use or creation of the pottery .
So Boaretto , archaeologist Xiaohong Wu of Peking University , in Beijing , and their colleagues analyzed a large number of charcoal and bone collagen samples collected throughout the cave , including samples found in strata above and below potsherds .
In that way , the group produced an archeological timeline that ties the pottery fragments to datable specimens recovered from the same layer of sediment .
The analysis shows that humans were firing clay to make pottery containers nearly 2,000 years before the craft was previously thought to have developed .
The researchers conclude that the cave , which contains , in addition to the potsherds , a large amount of ash , animal bones , and tools made of bone and shell , was used as a foragers ' camp in the Late Paleolithic era .
Mercury , closest planet to the sun , is as hot as you would expect , with daytime temperatures of 800 degrees Fahrenheit / 450 degrees Celsius and because of its small size , its gravity is weak , only about 38 percent of Earth's .
These conditions make it hard for the planet to hold on to its extremely thin atmosphere , which can can only be seen by special instruments attached to telescopes and spacecraft like MESSENGER ( MErcury Surface , Space ENvironment , GEochemistry , and Ranging ) .
Even then it's not easy because Mercury 's magnetic field gets in the way .
MESSENGER 's first flyby on January 14 , 2008 , confirmed that the planet has a global magnetic field , as first discovered by the Mariner 10 spacecraft during its flybys of the planet in 1974 and 1975 .
This is a diagram of the October 6 , 2008 , MESSENGER flyby that revealed magnetic tornadoes forming in Mercury 's magnetic field .
The tornadoes are corkscrew - shaped bundles of twisted magnetic fields and plasma .
The pink area represents the boundary of Mercury 's magnetic field , called the magnetopause .
The tornadoes are technically known as " flux transfer events " ( twisted lines ) when they form at the magnetopause and " plasmoids " ( yellow areas ) when they form in the long magnetic " tail " extending from the night - side of Mercury .
The large magnetic field leakage through the magnetopause and the flux transfer events acts as open channels through which the solar wind can flow down to the surface of the planet and sputter neutral atoms into Mercury ’s atmosphere .
Credit : Image produced by NASA / Goddard Space Flight Center / Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory / Carnegie Institution of Washington .
Image reproduced courtesy of Science / AAAS .
" Mercury 's atmosphere is so thin , it would have vanished long ago unless something was replenishing it , " says Dr. James A. Slavin of NASA 's Goddard Space Flight Center , Greenbelt , Md. , a co-investigator on NASA 's MESSENGER mission to Mercury .
That something could be the solar wind , a thin gas of electrically charged particles , called a plasma , which blows constantly from the surface of the sun .
The solar wind moves quickly , usually around 250 to 370 miles per second ( about 400 to 600 kilometers / second ) ; fast enough to blast atoms off the surface of Mercury .
Through a process called " sputtering , " solar wind particles that crash into Mercury 's surface transfer sufficient energy to launch some atoms into ballistic trajectories high above the surface and replenish Mercury 's atmosphere , according to Slavin .
The ions and electrons that make up the solar wind are electrically charged and " feel " magnetic forces , so a global magnetic field usually deflects the solar wind .
However , global magnetic fields are leaky shields and , under the right conditions , they are known to develop holes through which the solar wind can flow .
During its second flyby of the planet on October 6 , 2008 , MESSENGER discovered that Mercury 's magnetic field can be extremely leaky indeed .
The spacecraft encountered magnetic " tornadoes " – twisted bundles of magnetic fields connecting the planetary magnetic field to interplanetary space – that were up to 500 miles wide or a third of the radius of the planet .
" These ' tornadoes ' form when magnetic fields carried by the solar wind connect to Mercury 's magnetic field , " said Slavin .
" As the solar wind blows past Mercury 's field , these joined magnetic fields are carried with it and twist up into vortex - like structures .
These twisted magnetic flux tubes , technically known as flux transfer events , form open windows in the planet 's magnetic shield through which the solar wind may enter and directly impact Mercury 's surface .
" Venus , Earth , and even Mars have thick atmospheres compared to Mercury , so the solar wind never makes it to the surface of these planets , even if there is no global magnetic field in the way , as is the case for Venus and Mars .
Instead , it hits the upper atmosphere of these worlds , where it has the opposite effect to that on Mercury , gradually stripping away atmospheric gas as it blows by .
Venus has a thick atmosphere that may be replenished by volcanoes , so losses to the solar wind are insignificant .
Mars is a different story .
Mars lost its global magnetic field billions of years ago .
With little apparent volcanic activity since then , the solar wind could have eroded a significant portion of the Red Planet 's atmosphere .
Features on Mars resembling dry riverbeds , and the discovery of minerals that form in the presence of water , indicate that Mars once had a thicker atmosphere that kept it warm enough for liquid water to flow on the surface .
However , somehow that much thicker ancient atmosphere got lost , because it appears Mars has been cold and dry for billions of years .
In 2013 , NASA plans to launch a mission to Mars called MAVEN ( Mars Atmosphere and Volatile Evolution Mission ) .
It will explore the various ways Mars loses its atmosphere to space , including how much may have been stripped away by the solar wind .
The process of linking interplanetary and planetary magnetic fields , called magnetic reconnection , is common throughout the cosmos .
It occurs in Earth 's magnetic field , where it generates magnetic tornadoes as well .
However , the MESSENGER observations show the reconnection rate is ten times higher at Mercury .
" Mercury 's proximity to the sun only accounts for about a third of the reconnection rate we see , " said Slavin .
" It will be exciting to see what 's special about Mercury to explain the rest .
We 'll get more clues from MESSENGER 's third flyby on September 29 , 2009 , and when we get into orbit in March 2011 .
" Slavin 's MESSENGER research was funded by NASA and is the subject of a paper that appeared in the journal Science on May 1 , 2009 .
MESSENGER is a NASA - sponsored scientific investigation of the planet Mercury and the first space mission designed to orbit the planet closest to the Sun .
The MESSENGER spacecraft launched on August 3 , 2004 , and after flybys of Earth , Venus , and Mercury will start a yearlong study of its target planet in March 2011 .
Dr. Sean C. Solomon , of the Carnegie Institution of Washington , leads the mission as Principal Investigator .
The Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory , Laurel , Md. , built and operates the MESSENGER spacecraft and manages this Discovery - class mission for NASA .
Friday , June 12 , 2009
How Facebook Uses Your " Skipped " Webmail Contacts
By Tony Ruscoe
Yesterday , Facebook suggested two people to me through its “ Suggestions ” feature which usually includes friends of friends , co-workers and people I used to go to school with .
The odd thing about these two suggestions was that although I knew both of them – I had made contact with them years ago because they are my third or fourth cousins – we had no friends in common , we had never worked at the same place , we even lived in different parts of the world .
So how did Facebook know that we knew each other ?
I ’m sure all you Facebook users are already aware that you can enter your Gmail ( or other webmail ) username and password to import a list of your contacts into Facebook to see if any of them are already registered based on their email address .
This is something I have never done as I do n’t like to enter my Google Account password on third - party websites .
Even if I had done this , I knew for a fact that I had never used my Gmail account to email these two people .
But what if Facebook had used my friends ’ imported contact lists to suggest their profile to me even though they did n’t add me as a friend ?
I am now pretty sure that ’s what happened here .
Here ’s how I proved it :
My friend added my email address to his Contacts in Gmail .
My friend signed in to his Facebook account and imported his Contacts from his Gmail account using the “ Find People You Email ” feature .
My friend chose to skip the friend suggestion it was making based on my Gmail address .
I signed in to my Facebook account and saw that my friend ’s Facebook account was being suggested to me .
In summary , it seems that even if you choose to skip the contacts you have imported , Facebook will still store your relationship with those contacts .
Not only will it continue to include them in your suggestions , but it will also alert them to the fact that you previously imported their email address and that you are registered on Facebook .
Facebook clearly states that it will not store your password , but it does n’t tell you that it will store all your contacts even if you chose to skip them .
Admittedly , your account will only be suggested to others if your privacy settings allow your profile to be returned in search results , so anyone could search for your profile themselves , but is it right for Facebook to suggest you to the people that you have chosen to skip ?
Also , does this mean it ’s possible to force yourself into someone else ’s suggestions list by simply adding their email address to your contacts ?
>>
More posts
Advertisement
The evidence is becoming overwhelming that marijuana fights cancer .
See below for a few more blockquotes on this topic but first , from AFP :
The main chemical in marijuana appears to aid in the destruction of brain cancer cells , offering hope for future anti-cancer therapies , researchers in Spain wrote in a study released Thursday .
The authors from the Complutense University in Madrid , working with scientists from other universities , found that the active component of marijuana , tetrahydrocannabinol ( THC ) , causes cancer cells to undergo a process called autophagy -- the breakdown that occurs when the cell essentially self - digests .
The research , which appears in the April edition of US - published Journal of Clinical Investigation , demonstrates that THC and related " cannabinoids " appear to be " a new family of potential antitumoral agent . "
Clean Up Australia Day founder Ian Kiernan has called on the Federal Government to implement an immediate national ban on plastic grocery bags to halt the " nuclear " impact they are having on the environment .
The 1994 Australian of the Year said even though shoppers appeared to be embracing alternatives such as green grocery bags , Australians were still dumping 7150 recyclable plastic bags into landfill every minute , or 429,000 every hour .
Ian Kiernan ... ' Community cares and is prepared to do something ' .
" The damage is incredibly substantial , " Mr Kiernan said .
" Plastic just accumulates and it's been compared in the ocean to nuclear - it just does n't go away . "
The Numbers Behind Martin Brodeur
Total Pro Sports –
We would like to congratulate Martin Brodeur for his 552nd career win against the Chicago Blackhawks last night .
It ’s fitting that Martin Brodeur broke Patrick Roy ’s win record on St. Patrick ’s Day .
In his illustrious career playing for the New Jersey Devils Marty Brodeur has tallied up some amazing statistics .
He has been in the NHL for 15 seasons , he won the Rookie of the Year , won four Vezina Trophies , three Stanley Cups , and now hold the record for the most career wins by a goaltender with 552 .
These are just a few of the known statistics behind Brodeur ’s career .
Lets take a look at some of Brodeur ’s statistics that some of you may not know .
Brodeur is one of 11 goaltenders in NHL history to score a goal .
Brodeur has two to his credit .
He recorded one during the 1997 Stanley Cup Playoffs and another during the 1999 - 2000 regular season .
Both were scored by Brodeur shooting the puck on net .
Most of Brodeur ’s victories have come New Jersey , with 299 taking place at the Continental Airlines Arena or Prudential Center .
On the road , he appears at home at Mellon Arena in Pittsburgh , Pa. ( 20 wins ) , Nassau Coliseum in Uniondale , N.Y. ( 18 wins ) and the Wachovia Center in Philadelphia , Pa. ( 16 wins ) .
He ’s only recorded one victory at Detroit ’s Joe Louis Arena .
Brodeur holds 15 NHL goaltending records : all - time victories ( 552 ) ; most minutes played ( 4,697 ) , victories ( 48 ) ; combined regular season and playoff games ( 97 ) , combined regular season and playoff victories ( 59 ) , and playoff shutouts ( 7 ) , shootout victories ( 10 ) in a season ; most shutouts ( 3 ) in a Stanley Cup Final ; most combined regular season and playoff shutouts ( 122 ) , consecutive 30 - win seasons ( 12 ) , consecutive 40 - win seasons ( 3 ) and 40 - win seasons ( 7 ) in his career ; most games ( 986 ) and wins ( 551 ) by a goaltender with one team in his career ; and most shootout victories ( 27 ) .
Of the 152 goaltenders who have faced Brodeur , only 15 have come out unscathed .
Brodeur failed to record a win against Scott Bailey , Marcel Cousineau , Jeff Reese , Vitaly Kolesnik , Jonas Hiller , Andrei Trefilov , Adam Berkhoel , Dany Sabourin , Jussi Markkanen , Philippe Sauve , Blaine Lacher , Michael Garnett , Wade Dubielewicz , Ken Wregget and Rich Parent .
Most of Brodeur ’s victories have come New Jersey , with 299 taking place at the Continental Airlines Arena or Prudential Center .
On the road , he appears at home at Mellon Arena in Pittsburgh , Pa. ( 20 wins ) , Nassau Coliseum in Uniondale , N.Y. ( 18 wins ) and the Wachovia Center in Philadelphia , Pa. ( 16 wins ) .
He ’s only recorded one victory at Detroit ’s Joe Louis Arena .
Only three coaches can claim the feat of registering multiple regulation victories against Brodeur without suffering a loss : Randy Carlyle , Don Hay , and Wayne Gretzky .
As for opposing goaltenders who probably groaned when they saw Brodeur at the other end of the ice , 13 suffered at least 10 losses at the hand of the Devils netminder .
Those who fared the worst against Brodeur were Olaf Kolzig ( 15 losses ) , Mike Richter ( 14 ) , Jose Theodore , Roberto Luongo , Marc - Andre Fleury and Martin Biron ( 13 apiece ) .
Vancouver is the only team that boasts a record above .500 against Brodeur , who is 6 - 9 - 0 against the Canucks .
Brodeur has 238 one - goal wins to his credit and 21 of those are 1 - 0 shutouts .
Thirteen players have skated against Brodeur at least 30 times in their career and not registered a goal .
Brendan
Witt is the most snakebitten of them all , having gone scoreless in 40 games versus Brodeur .
Jaromir Jagr filled the nemesis role , lighting the lamp behind Brodeur 17 times during the regular season in his career .
Among players still in the NHL , Simon Gagne has 16 goals against Brodeur , while Vincent Lecavalier has 14 .
Truly one of the greatest goaltenders in NHL history .
Share This
Yes , it ’s true .
We instituted an internal email ban at Arment Dietrich .
Well , it started as an email ban and now it also includes instant messaging .
It all started when my colleague , Christine Heim , blogged about an internal email boycott by a single woman in an effort to communicate better at work ( see it here ) .
We discussed during our weekly meeting , but I was n’t convinced .
I mean , I travel a ton and I work odd hours .
How was I going to communicate with everyone here during non -office hours ?
But then I began to hear rumblings that we were having conflict conversations over email … in order to avoid the person , but still say what had to be said .
So that did it .
On May 7 we instituted a 10 day email ban and decided we would discuss during the May 18 staff meeting .
Do n’t get me wrong .
It was HARD .
Especially for me …who is addicted to my BlackBerry and sends notes whenever I think of something :
The middle of the night , on a plane , on my bike , in the shower .
But a funny thing happened .
We began talking to one another …IN PERSON !
If someone had a question , it did n’t fill my inbox or sit there for two or three days ; it got answered immediately because they came into my office and asked .
But it was n’t a good thing just for me .
“ With email , you do n’t hear the tone in someone ’s voice , nor can you quickly ask for clarification .
Instead , your find yourself analyzing the message :
Do they sound upbeat ?
Are they upset ?
Do they not care ?
Now that we ’re talking face - to - face , the unknowns are gone and we get to the answer much more quickly . ”
So on May 18 , we discussed and people said they really liked it , but I also learned those conflict conversations were still happening … but now on instant messaging and not in email .
EVEN WORSE !
Now we do n’t use either …except to send links back and forth or to ask for a few minutes of someone ’s time .
During yesterday ’s staff meeting , I asked for feedback .
Following are some tidbits :
* I find I think of solutions before presenting problems , if I know I have to have a conversation about it .
Before , I would just send an email and check it off my list , making it someone else ’s problem .
* It ’s easy to miss something when your inbox is cluttered .
Now , if I get an internal email , I know it ’s important and I ca n’t let it sit there .
* It was difficult to adjust to at first , but now it ’s A LOT easier to correctly communicate needs .
* It ’s easy to take an email or instant message wrong , because you do n’t hear the tone of the person ’s voice .
Now we have less conflict because we ’re talking to one another .
* I actually find it silly now when I do n’t go talk to someone .
It ’s made me more relaxed because I feel closer to my colleagues , but also because I do n’t come to work on Monday morning to 100 emails .
Now when I hear people ask , “ What did we do without email ? ” I know the answer is , “ We had conversations ! ‘
* This boycott has fostered increased communication and accountability .
People ask me all the time , “ What about Twitter ?
What about Facebook ? ”
We still use technology to get what we need , and in a timely manner , just not INTERNALLY !
I contend that if you have multiple offices ( though the phone works , too ! ) or work virtually , the internal email boycott probably does n’t work .
But for those of you who go to an office and see the same people every day , you should try talking to them , instead of sending them an email .
See what happens !
Maggie Koerth - Baker is a guest blogger on Boing Boing .
A freelance science and health journalist , Maggie lives in Minneapolis , brain dumps on Twitter , and writes quite often for mental_floss magazine .
As with every spring , the rains fall , the sun shines , and I remain hopelessly inept as a gardener .
Or , maybe , " inept " is n't quite the right word .
" Lazy " and " impatient " .
There , that 's the ticket .
So , despite fantasizing repeatedly about the wonderful life we would lead if only we got around to putting in some vegetables this year , my husband and I have never gotten around to putting in some vegetables .
At best , we keep the lawn mowed and free of vehicles on blocks .
But that may be changing because , last week , Baker brought home a copy of The All New Square Foot Gardening guide , a book written by a retired engineer , which manages to make home veggie patches appealing to both my laissez - faire approach to plant life , and Baker 's ( who is , himself , an engineer ) tendencies towards efficiency - obsession and Maker glee .
The book promises to help you grow more , in less space , with less work .
OK , I 'm game .
The basic idea is that most people try to garden like they 're making a miniature farmstead — with wide rows , hills and furrows , plowed into the earth of your backyard .
And , frankly , all that adds up to a pain in the ass .
Tilling sucks .
Your dirt probably is n't ideal for growing things .
You get weeds that need to be dealt with every day .
The watering process wastes water and usually ends up with some plants drowning and other plants parched .
And all you want is a freakin ' salad .
Square - foot gardening , on the other hand , is all about eliminating those problems .
Instead of tilling the dirt and pumping in fertilizer , you build a big box , put a liner on the bottom , and fill it with a mixture of peat moss , vermiculite and compost .
Great soil .
And no weed seeds to sprout up .
Because you make the box small enough to reach everything without stepping in the dirt , your soil stays aerated .
Because you do n't have to weed , you can grow plants from fewer seeds , closer together , with each box broken down into neat , anal - retentive grids .
The idea of a garden that can be plotted out on graph paper is already making Baker salivate .
The watering solution is particularly slick .
Instead of moving around a sprayer that never seems to successfully dampen the full area you 've aimed it at ( and chucks water onto places that do n't need it ) , you hook up a pipe system to your box and screw in the hose .
Plant stuff than needs lots of water closer to the pipe , and stuff that needs less further away .
Then you can turn the water on ( at a lower pressure than you 'd use for spraying ) and let it trickle down .
I 'll be honest , as the wife of an engineer , I end up poking a lot of fun at the hyper - planning , " let us sit down and work out the numbers before we toast that bread " mindset .
But it 's all in fun .
I promise .
You engineers can be as detail - oriented as you want to be , as long as you keep offering up great solutions like this .
Image of a nicely gridded - up square foot garden courtesy shygantic , via a Creative Commons license .
Question :
In your very popular post “ The 12 Most Annoying Bad Habits of Therapists , ” you mention some red flags to watch out for .
For folks who are currently shopping for the right shrink , how would you advise them ?
What are the three most important attributes of a good therapist , or what ’s the most important factor for therapy to work ?
Dr. Grohol : I think finding a good therapist to work with is a challenging prospect , even when you have a recommendation or two from a trusted friend or your doctor .
Why is it so difficult to find a good therapist ?
Because the qualities that might be ideal for one person may not work as well for another .
A therapist is more than a plumber for your mind ; you ca n’t just pick one at random from the Yellow Pages .
Well , you can , but you may not find the right one using that method .
And when I say “ right one , ” I ’m really getting to the heart of the matter .
No matter what qualities I may suggest a person look for in a good therapist , ideally a person should look at finding a new therapist as a test drive , a completely temporary arrangement that may or may not work out .
Most people try going to a single therapist , find it incompatible with their needs , and never return for a second session ( much less try again with a second therapist ) .
The key is to find a therapist that seems to complement your needs and your personality .
A therapist is n’t your friend , so you should n’t just be looking for someone you get along with or feel really comfortable with ( although that might be an important quality to look for nonetheless ) .
A good therapist is positive and empathetic .
So I ’d argue above and beyond everything else , no matter what , the most important factor for therapy to work is to find a therapist you can have a positive , empathetic relationship with .
And the research confirms this advice — all types of psychotherapy work to some degree or another , so one of the key factors in the reason they work is because of the professional , positive relationship one has with one ’s therapist .
1 . A good therapist is professional , courteous , and respectful .
Beyond that single most important factor , there are secondary things to look for that are attributes of a good therapist .
One is that a good therapist is always professional , courteous , and respectful .
This means they show up on time for your appointment , explain how they work with you in a clear and direct manner ( hopefully putting aside any psychobabble ) , and use legitimate , recognized psychotherapeutic techniques ( such as cognitive behavioral techniques and such ) .
They do n’t try and hug you after the first appointment , they do n’t show up late , and they do n’t eat their lunch in front of you .
2 . A good therapist recognizes her strengths and limitations .
Second , a good therapist recognizes their own strengths and limitations and tries to work with patients they know they ’re likely to have the most success with .
That means a good therapist is a discerning one .
They do n’t necessarily take every client that walks through their door , nor do they agree to work on problems they have no experience in dealing with .
You ’d think this is common sense , but I ’ve known therapists who do both .
Perhaps when you ’re first starting off as a brand new therapist , you ’re allowed a little leeway with these things .
But if you ’ve been practicing for 5 or 10 years , there ’s no excuse for not being aware of your strengths and limitations , and what kind of clients one works best with .
Good therapists know these .
3 . A good therapist is genuine .
Third , a good therapist is genuine no matter what .
I ’m a big believer in the power of genuineness , that it ’s one of those qualities impossible to fake .
Someone who is genuine is likely to be a better listener and be interested in what you ’re saying — and if they are n’t , they say as much .
Call it the Albert Ellis approach , but with compassion and toned down 95 % .
A good therapist is * there * with their clients , and tries to be there with the emotional content of their words and experiences .
They take all of that and reframe it and help a person look at it from different perspectives , with different thinking , and tries to help them undo years of poor learning .
You can see why it might be a little challenging to find a “ good therapist . ”
You can rarely tell from one session alone , especially since you ’re the one usually doing all the talking during the first session .
But if I want to work on a problem and really change things about me , I ’ll take the time necessary to find the right therapist to work with that can best help me .
Even if it means going through 2 or 3 therapists before finding one that fits best with my needs .
My practice as a scientist is atheistic .
That is to say , when I set up an experiment I assume that no god , angel or devil is going to interfere with its course ; and this assumption has been justified by such success as I have achieved in my professional career .
I should therefore be intellectually dishonest if I were not also atheistic in the affairs of the world .
-- J.B.S. Haldane
" Fact ...
Hanover , N.H .
WORLD trade is collapsing .
The United States trade deficit dropped sharply in November as imports from the rest of the world plummeted in response to the financial crisis and global recession .
United States imports from China , Japan and elsewhere declined at double digit rates .
The last thing the world economy needs is for governments to give a further downward shove to trade .
Unfortunately , we may be doing just that .
Steel industry lobbyists seem to have persuaded the House to insert a “ Buy American ” provision in the stimulus bill it passed last week .
This provision requires that preference be given to domestic steel producers in building contracts and other spending .
The House bill also requires that the uniforms and other textiles used by the Transportation Security Administration be produced in the United States , and the Senate may broaden such provisions to include many other products .
That might sound reasonable , but history has shown that Buy American provisions can raise the cost and diminish the effect of a spending package .
In rebuilding the San Francisco - Oakland Bay Bridge in the 1990s , the California transit authority complied with state rules mandating the use of domestic steel unless it was at least 25 percent more expensive than imported steel .
A domestic bid came in at 23 percent above the foreign bid , and so the more expensive American steel had to be used .
Because of the large amount of steel used in the project , California taxpayers had to pay a whopping $ 400 million more for the bridge .
While this is a windfall for a lucky steel company , steel production is capital intensive , and the rule makes less money available for other construction projects that can employ many more workers .
American manufacturers have ample capacity to fill the new orders that will come as a result of the fiscal stimulus .
In addition , other countries are watching closely to see if the crisis becomes a general excuse for the United States to block imports and favor domestic firms .
General Electric and Caterpillar have opposed the Buy American provision because they fear it will hurt their ability to win contracts abroad .
Meet the World 's Smartest Kid Toddler Elise Tan-Roberts became the youngest member ever of British Mensa .
May 1 , 2009  --
The majority of parents believe their children are geniuses , but toddler Elise Tan-Roberts has the official seal of approval to back up the boast ..
At 2 years and 4 months old , Elise becomes the youngest member ever of the high IQ fraternity Mensa .
How Smart Is She ?
She knows 35 of them , including Paris , Tokyo and Washington D.C .
Little Elise 's IQ is an astonishing 156 .
Compare that to Albert Einstein 's 160 , and you realize just how smart Elise really is considering she still has so much to learn .
Past Genius Kids
Before Elise took Mensa 's youngest - ever honors , the title of youngest female ever admitted to Mensa was held by Georgia Brown .
Georgia had been the youngest girl when she joined in 2007 at 1,041 days old .
The youngest boy and youngest member ever accepted was Ben Woods , who joined Mensa in the 1990s at 1,035 days old , according to Mensa 's Web site .
Elise was 845 days old when she joined the international high IQ club .
British Bombshells
Boyle became the instant favorite to win the television competition .
Soon her face appeared on tabloids and television shows around the world .
Then on the same popular British TV show where " American Idol 's " Simon Cowell serves as a judge , 12 - year - old Shaheen Jafargholi wowed audiences with his bombastic pipes .
The trio is helping to make a big splash outside its native United Kingdom .
It leaves some to wonder just how much talent does Britain have ?
Total Pageviews
About Me Tony Andrews
I have been working with Oracle databases for over 14 years , including a couple of years working as a Senior Consultant for Oracle UK Ltd .
Now I work as an independent consultant specialising in analysis and design of Oracle databases and applications , particularly Oracle Application Express ( aka ApEx or HTMLDB ) .
I also play lead guitar in a great band called The Love Handles .
View my complete profile
[ / caption ]
These images of Sarychev Volcano were popping up everywhere in the internet yesterday , but unfortunately I was out of intertube contact most of the day .
But these images are too awesome not to share !
Astronauts on board the International Space Station took these striking views of Sarychev Volcano ( Kuril Islands , northeast of Japan ) on June 12 , 2009 .
Notice the shock wave around the edge of the volcano ’s plume and the “ hole ” the clouds that the eruption caused .
Sarychev
Peak is one of the most active volcanoes in the Kuril Island chain , and it is located on the northwestern end of Matua Island .
Here are few more images taken in sequence as the ISS flew 354 km ( 220 miles ) overhead :
Volcanologists say these images are exciting because they capture several phenomena that occur during the earliest stages of an explosive volcanic eruption .
The main column is one of a series of plumes that rose above Matua Island on June 12 .
The plume appears to be a combination of brown ash and white steam .
The vigorously rising plume gives the steam a bubble - like appearance .
The eruption cleared a circle in the cloud deck .
The clearing may result from the shockwave from the eruption or from sinking air around the eruption plume : as the plume rises , air flows down around the sides like water flowing off the back of a surfacing dolphin .
As air sinks , it tends to warm and expand ; clouds in the air evaporate .
Also visible is material from the eruption falling down the slopes of the volcano .
These images were taken by the Expedition 20 crew on the ISS , using a Nikon D2XS digital camera fitted with a 400 mm lens , and is provided by the ISS Crew Earth Observations experiment and Image Science & Analysis Laboratory , Johnson Space Center .
Source : NASA Earth Observatory
Wolfram Alpha is not a search engine .
Perhaps it will one day become one , but currently it 's exactly what its tagline says : a computational knowledge engine .
However , it looks like Google , it provides you with answers and therefore most users will try to use it as a search engine , which does n't always yield good results .
Once you start asking it the right questions , it 'll give you better answers .
I 've spent a couple of days with Wolfram Alpha , and I 've learned to love it for all the ways it 's different than search engines such as Google .
Here are some guidelines which will help you shake off that " search engine " frame of mind and perhaps help you start using Wolfram Alpha to its full potential .
Complex queries
When you type a search query into Google , it understands what you want because the query is usually simple .
If you give it a lot of data , it 'll get confused .
Google searches , it does n't compute ; and this is where Wolfram Alpha shines .
It does not care at all how many arguments you give it ; just like a calculator , it could n't care less if you 're adding up two or fifty numbers .
That 's why concatenating many arguments in a query often works extremely well .
Here 's an example .
If you want to find out detailed info on a planet in the solar system , in Google you 'll get the best results by entering one planet at a time : Earth , Saturn , Jupiter , and so on .
In Wolfram Alpha , you can simply put all of them in one query and you 'll get both the data for every individual planet and several comparisons between them .
You can go crazy ; add stars , moons , nebulae into the mix ; as long as the data is comparable , Wolfram Alpha will be able to give you a nice head - to - head comparison of all the entities you 've fed it .
Localization
Google can create localized versions of its services , or even feed you different results depending on where you 're physically located .
However , it cannot force every site out there to do the same .
Wolfram Alpha , for the most part , does not depend on other sites for the data it 's giving you , and therefore its localization works better .
For example , if I ask it " New York income per capita " it will also give me the result in my local currency .
Google will give me good results for the same query , but I 'll have to do the conversion myself .
Precision
The first query most reviewers tried on Wolfram Alpha was typing their own name into it , and they 've gotten lousy results .
Well , that 's a good thing .
Since you 're probably not in WA 's database , it does not try to pull the result from thin air ; it simply says it has no information on you .
This makes Google vastly better for actually searching the web ; but it also gives a certain advantage to Wolfram Alpha : it 's precise .
You do n't have to worry about getting the wrong information ; you can rely on Wolfram Alpha to either give you the right answer ( depending , of course , on the accuracy of its own index ) , or no answer at all .
This can have important implications on the way we conduct searches .
We 're used to approximate results , and thus we often try to round up numbers to get a better chance of finding an answer .
On Wolfram Alpha , you can type in very precise queries , which can ultimately save you a lot of time .
Calculation
Well , duh .
It is a computational engine , it 's supposed to calculate well , right ?
It does seem obvious , but it 's important to understand what this means from a practical standpoint .
Not many users will type in complex mathematical formulas , but a lot of users need to know how much calories should they take daily , how to calculate their mortgage , and what 's the distance between two cities .
One way to think of Wolfram Alpha is as if someone collected all those various calculators scattered around the web and put them in one place .
Google has been dabbling with this , adding currency conversion and other simple calculations to its search service , but WA is so vastly better than Google with this regard that you 'll actually use it in your everyday life .
And that means you wo n't have to visit obscure sites , usually designed in the last century , to find out what your body mass index is .
Comparison
The Google frame of mind - or , shall we put it , the search engine frame of mind - forbids you to ask certain queries , because you know you will not get an answer .
You probably would n't even try to find a comparison of sales tax rates for five US cities , but on Wolfram Alpha it works like a charm .
Furthermore , when you need a comparison between two numbers or two data sets , you can only hope that Google has indexed a site that has exactly what you need ; or you can do the comparing yourself .
Not the case with WA , as you can easily compare several data samples and get not only results , but also handy graphs , ratios , tables and historical data comparisons .
Have you found a great way to use Wolfram Alpha ?
Please let us know in the comments !
Additional Resources from Mashable
After having eaten more than my share of mouth - watering ham during my recent trip to Gijón , Spain ( where I gave a presentation about DIY at the fantablulous Foro Internet Meeting Point ) I was gratified to read that the Mangalica pig has been saved from the brink of extinction .
As Michael Pollan and others have pointed out , one of the best ways a plant or animal species can ensure its survival is to be useful to people .
At one time , only 198 purebred pigs remained in the world .
Farmers preferred other breeds .
" The corpulent Mangalica grows very slowly and cannot be kept in closed quarters .
It is therefore poorly suited to modern industrial pig farms , and it has been gradually replaced by modern breeds , " according to the Slow Food Foundation for Biodiversity in Florence , Italy .
After less than two decades of intense breeding , the Mangalica population has now increased one - hundred - fold , with 20,000 pigs living in Spain and Hungary .
An 8 - 10 pound leg of Boneless Jamon Mangalica costs $ 490 at La Teinda .
Rare pig breed resurrected for ham lovers
The guide no traveler should be without , presented here in alphabetical order by language .
A
Afrikaans -
Ek het jou lief
Afrikaans -
Ek is lief vir jou
Afrikaans -
Ek is lief vir jou Albanian - te dua
Albanian - te dashuroj
Albanian - te dashuroj Alentejano ( Portugal ) - Gosto De Ti , Porra !
Alsacien - Ich hoan dich gear
Amharic - Afekrishalehou
Arabic - Ana Behibak ( to a male )
Arabic - Ana Behibek ( to a female )
Arabic - Ib 'n hebbak .
Arabic - Ana Ba-heb - bak
Arabic - nhebuk
Arabic - Ohiboke ( male to female )
Arabic - Ohiboka ( female to male )
Arabic - Ohibokoma ( male or female to two males or two females )
Arabic - Nohiboke ( more than one male or female to female )
Arabic - Nohiboka ( male to male or female to male )
Arabic - Nohibokoma ( m. to m. or f. to two males or two females )
Arabic - Nohibokom ( m. to m. or f. to more than two males )
Arabic - Nohibokon ( m. to m. or f. to more than two females )
Arabic ( not standard ) - Bahibak ( female to male )
Arabic ( not standard ) - Bahibik ( male to female )
Arabic ( not standard ) - Benhibak ( more than one male or female to male )
Arabic ( not standard ) - Benhibik ( male to male or female to female )
Arabic ( not standard ) - Benhibkom ( m. to m. or female to more than one male
Arabic - Ana Behibek ( to a female ) Arabic - Ib 'n hebbak .
Arabic - Ana Ba-heb - bak Arabic - nhebuk Arabic - Ohiboke ( male to female ) Arabic - Ohiboka ( female to male ) Arabic - Ohibokoma ( male or female to two males or two females ) Arabic - Nohiboke ( more than one male or female to female ) Arabic - Nohiboka ( male to male or female to male ) Arabic - Nohibokoma ( m. to m. or f. to two males or two females ) Arabic - Nohibokom ( m. to m. or f. to more than two males ) Arabic - Nohibokon ( m. to m. or f. to more than two females ) Arabic ( not standard ) - Bahibak ( female to male ) Arabic ( not standard ) - Bahibik ( male to female ) Arabic ( not standard ) - Benhibak ( more than one male or female to male ) Arabic ( not standard ) - Benhibik ( male to male or female to female ) Arabic ( not standard ) - Benhibkom ( m. to m. or female to more than one male Armenian - Yes kez sirum em
Assamese - Moi tomak bhal pau
Basque - Nere Maitea
Batak -
Holong rohangku di ho
Bavarian - I mog di narrisch gern
Bavarian - I hob di liab
Bavarian - I liab di
Bavarian - I hob di liab Bavarian - I liab di Bengali - Ami tomAy bhAlobAshi
Bengali - Ami tomake bhalobashi .
Bengali - Ami tomake bhalobashi .
Berber - Lakh tirikh
Bicol - Namumutan ta ka
Bolivian Quechua - qanta munani
Bulgarian - Obicham te
Burmese - chit pa de
Cambodian -
Bon sro lanh oon
Cambodian - kh_nhaum soro_lahn nhee_ah
Cambodian - kh_nhaum soro_lahn nhee_ah Cantonese - Moi oiy neya
Cantonese - Ngo oi ney
Cantonese - Ngo oi ney Catalan - T'estim ( mallorcan )
Catalan - T'estim molt ( literally , " I love you a lot " )
Catalan - T'estime ( valencian )
Catalan - T'estimo ( catalonian )
Catalan - T'estim molt ( literally , " I love you a lot " ) Catalan - T'estime ( valencian ) Catalan - T'estimo ( catalonian ) Cebuano - Gihigugma ko ikaw .
Chickasaw - chiholloli ( first " i " nasalized )
Corsican -
Ti tengu cara ( to female )
Corsican -
Ti tengu caru ( to male )
Corsican -
Ti tengu caru ( to male ) Croatian - LJUBim te
Czech - miluji te
Czech - miluju te !
( colloquial form )
Danish - Jeg elsker dig
Dutch -
Ik hou van jou
Dutch -
Ik ben verliefd op je
Ecuador Quechua - canda munani
English - I love you
English - I adore you
English - I adore you Esperanto - Mi amas vin
Estonian - Mina armastan sind
Estonian - Ma armastan sind
Farsi - Tora dust midaram
Farsi - Asheghetam
Farsi ( Persian ) - doostat dAram
Farsi - Asheghetam Farsi ( Persian ) - doostat dAram Filipino - Mahal ka ta
Filipino Iniibig Kita
Filipino Iniibig Kita Finnish - Minä rakastan sinua
Flemish -
Ik zie oe geerne
French -
Je t'aime
French -
Je t'adore
French -
Je vous aime
French -
Je vous adore
French -
Je t'adore French - Je vous aime French - Je vous adore Friesian - Ik hald fan dei
Gaelic -
Ta gra agam ort
German - Ich liebe Dich
Greek - s'ayapo ( pronounced s'agapo )
Greek ( old ) - ( Ego ) philo su ( ego is implied , but may be used for emphasis )
Greek ( old ) - ( Ego ) philo su ( ego is implied , but may be used for emphasis ) Greenlandic - Asavakit
Gujrati - Hoon tane pyar karoochhoon .
Hausa - Ina sonki
Hawaiian - Aloha I 'a Au Oe
Hebrew - Ani ohev otach ( male to female )
Hebrew - Ani ohev otcha ( male to male )
Hebrew - Ani ohevet otach ( female to female )
Hebrew - Ani ohevet otcha ( female to male )
Hebrew - Ani ohev otcha ( male to male ) Hebrew - Ani ohevet otach ( female to female ) Hebrew - Ani ohevet otcha ( female to male ) Hindi - Mai tumase pyar karata hun ( male to female )
Hindi - Mai tumase pyar karati hun ( female to male )
Hindi - Main Tumse Prem Karta Hoon
Hindi - Mai Tumhe Pyar Karta Hoon
Hindi - Main Tumse Pyar Karta Hoon
Hindi - Mai Tumse Peyar Karta
Hnu
Hindi -
Mai tumse pyar karta hoo
Hindi - Mai tumase pyar karati hun ( female to male ) Hindi - Main Tumse Prem Karta Hoon Hindi - Mai Tumhe Pyar Karta Hoon Hindi - Main Tumse Pyar Karta Hoon Hindi - Mai Tumse Peyar Karta Hnu Hindi -
Mai tumse pyar karta hoo Hokkien - Wa ai lu
Hopi - Nu ' umi unangwa'ta
Hungarian - Szeretlekv
Hungarian - Szeretlek te'ged
Icelandic - Eg elska thig
Indi - Mai Tujhe Pyaar Kartha Ho
Indonesian - Saya cinta padamu
Indonesian - Saya cinta kamu
Indonesian - Saya kasih saudari
Indonesian - Aku tjinta padamu ( less common form )
Indonesian - Aku cinta padamu ( less common form )
Indonesian - Aku cinta kamu ( less common form )
Indonesian - Saya cinta kamu Indonesian - Saya kasih saudari Indonesian -
Aku tjinta padamu ( less common form ) Indonesian - Aku cinta padamu ( less common form ) Indonesian - Aku cinta kamu ( less common form ) Iranian - Mahn doostaht doh-rahm
Irish - taim i' ngra leat
Italian - ti amo ( if it 's a relationship / lover / spouse )
Italian - ti voglio bene ( if it 's a friend , or relative )
Japanese - Kimi o ai shiteru
Japanese - Aishiteru
Japanese - Chuu shitey o
Japanese - Ora omee no koto ga suki da
Japanese -
Ore wa omae ga suki da
Japanese - Suitonnen
Japanese - Sukiyanen
Japanese - Sukiyo
Japanese - Watashi Wa Anata Ga Suki Desu
Japanese - Watashi Wa Anata Wo Aishite Imasu
Japanese - Watakushi - wa anata - wo ai shimasu
Japanese - Suki desu ( used at 1st time , at the beginning of a relationship )
Japanese - Aishiteru Japanese - Chuu shiteyo Japanese - Ora omee no koto ga suki da Japanese -
Ore wa omae ga suki da Japanese - Suitonnen Japanese - Sukiyanen Japanese - Sukiyo Japanese - Watashi Wa Anata Ga Suki Desu Japanese - Watashi Wa Anata Wo Aishite Imasu Japanese - Watakushi - wa anata - wo ai shimasu Japanese - Suki desu ( used at 1st time , at the beginning of a relationship ) Javanese - Kulo tresno
Kannada - Naanu Ninnanu Preethisuthene
Kannada - Naanu Ninnanu Mohisuthene
Kannada - Naanu Ninnanu Mohisuthene Kiswahili - Nakupenda
Korean - No-rul sarang hae ( man to woman in casual relation )
Korean - Tangsinul sarang ha yo
Korean - Tangshin-ul sarang hae -yo
Korean - Tangsinul Sarang Ha Yo
Korean - Tangshin - i cho -a - yo ( i like you , in a romantic way )
Korean - Nanun tangshinul sarang hamnida
Korean - Nanun Dangsineul Mucheog Joahapnida
Korean - Nanun Dangsineul Saranghapnida
Korean - Nanun Gdaega Joa
Korean - Nanun Gdaereul Saranghapnida
Korean - Nanun Neoreul Saranghanda
Korean - Gdaereul Hjanghan Naemaeum Alji
Korean - Joahaeyo
Korean - Saranghae
Korean - Saranghaeyo
Korean - Saranghapanida
Korean - Tangsinul sarang ha yo Korean - Tangshin-ul sarang hae - yo Korean - Tangsinul Sarang Ha Yo Korean - Tangshin - i cho -a - yo ( i like you , in a romantic way ) Korean - Nanun tangshinul sarang hamnida Korean - Nanun Dangsineul Mucheog Joahapnida Korean - Nanun Dangsineul Saranghapnida Korean - Nanun Gdaega Joa Korean - Nanun Gdaereul Saranghapnida Korean - Nanun Neoreul Saranghanda Korean - Gdaereul Hjanghan Naemaeum Alji Korean - Joahaeyo Korean - Saranghae Korean - Saranghaeyo Korean - Saranghapanida Kurdish -
Ez te hezdikhem
Lao - Koi muk jao
Lao -
Khoi huk chau
Lao - Khoi huk chau Latin -
Te amo
Latin - Vos amo
Latin ( old ) - ( Ego ) amo te ( ego is implied , but may be used for emphasis )
Latin - Vos amo Latin ( old ) - ( Ego ) amo te ( ego is implied , but may be used for emphasis ) Latvian -
Es milu tevi ( Pronounced " Ess tevy meeloo " )
Lebanese - Bahibak
Lingala - Nalingi yo
Lithuanian - TAVE MYLIU ( ta - ve mee - lyu )
Lojban - mi do prami
Luo - Aheri
Macedonian - SAKAM TE !
Madrid lingo -
Me molas , tronca
Malay - Saya cintakan mu
Malay - Saya sayangkan mu
Malay - Saya sayangkan mu Malay / Indonesian - Saya sayangkan engkau
Malay / Indonesian - Saya cintakan awak
Malay / Indonesian - Saya cintakan awak Malayalam - Njyaan Ninne ' Preetikyunnu
Malayalam - Njyaan Ninne ' Mohikyunnu .
Malayalam - Ngan Ninne Snaehikkunnu
Malayalam - Njyaan Ninne ' Mohikyunnu .
Malayalam - Ngan Ninne Snaehikkunnu Malaysian - Saya Cintamu
Malaysian - Saya Sayangmu
Malaysian - Saya Cinta Kamu
Malaysian - Saya Sayangmu Malaysian - Saya Cinta Kamu Maltese - Inhobbok
Mandarin -
Wo ai ni ( Wo3 ai4 ni3 in tonal notation )
Marathi - me tujhashi prem karto ( male to female )
Marathi - me tujhashi prem karte ( female to male )
Marathi -
Mi tuzya var prem karato
Marathi - me tujhashi prem karte ( female to male ) Marathi - Mi tuzya var prem karato Mohawk - Konoronhkwa
Navaho - Ayor anosh'ni
Ndebele - Niyakutanda
Norwegian - Eg elskar deg ( Nynorsk )
Norwegian - Jeg elsker deg ( Bokmaal ) ( pronouncedyai elske dai )
Op - Op Lopveop Yopuop
Osetian -
Aez dae warzyn
Pakistani - Mujhe Tumse Muhabbat Hai
Persian - Tora dost daram
Pig Latin - Ie Ovele Ouye
Polish - Kocham Cie
Polish - Ja cie kocham ( Yacha kocham )
Polish - Kocham Ciebie
Polish - Ja cie kocham ( ) Polish - Kocham Ciebie Portuguese - Amo-te
Portuguese ( Brazilian , Azores ) - Eu te amo
Portuguese ( Brazilian , Azores ) - Eu te amo Punjabi - Mai taunu pyar karda
Punjabi - Main Tainu Pyar Karna
Romanian -
Te iu besc
Romanian - Te Ador
Romanian - Te Ador Russian - Ya vas liubliu
Russian -
Ya tebya liubliu
Russian -
Ya polubeel s'tebya
Russian ( malincaya ) - Ya Tibieh Lublue
Scot Gaelic -
Tha gra\dh agam ort
Serbian - ljubim te ( I kiss you / love you , 'lj ' pronounced like 'll ' in Spanish , one sound , ' ly 'ish )
Serbocroatian - Volim te
Serbocroatian - Ljubim te
Serbocroatian - Ljubim te Shona - Ndinokuda
Sinhalese - Mama oyata adarei
Sioux - Techihhila
Slovak - lubim ta
Slovene - ljubim te
Spanish -
Te quiero
Spanish -
Te amo
Spanish - Te amo Srilankan - Mama Oyata Arderyi
Swahili - Naku penda ( followed by the person 's name )
Swedish - Jag älskar dig
Swiss - German - Ch'ha di gärn
Syrian / Lebanese - BHEBBEK ( to a female )
Syrian / Lebanese - BHEBBAK ( to a male )
Tagalog - Mahal kita
Tahitian - Ua Here Vau Ia Oe
Tamil -
Ni yaanai kaadli karen ( You love me )
Tamil - n^
An unnaik kAthalikkinREn
( I love you )
Tamil - Naan Unnai Kadalikiren
Tamil - n^
An unnaik kAthalikkinREn
( I love you ) Tamil - Naan Unnai Kadalikiren Telugu - Neenu ninnu pra'mistu'nnanu
Telugu / india Nenu Ninnu Premistunnanu
Telugu / india Nenu Ninnu Premistunnanu Thai - Phom Rak Khun ( formal , male to female )
Thai - Ch'an Rak Khun ( formal , female to male )
Thai - Khao Raak
Thoe ( affectionate , sweet , loving )
Thai - Phom Rak Khun
Thai - Ch'an Rak Khun ( formal , female to male )
Thai - Khao Raak
Thoe ( affectionate , sweet , loving ) Thai - Phom Rak Khun Tunisian -
Ha eh bak
Turkish - Seni seviyorum
Turkish - Seni Seviyurum
Turkish - Seni Seviyorum
Ukrainian - ja tebe koKHAju ( real true love )
Ukrainian - ja vas koKHAju
Ukrainian - ja pokoKHAv tebe
Ukrainian - ja pokoKHAv vas
Ukrainian - ja vas koKHAju Ukrainian - ja pokoKHAv tebe Ukrainian - ja pokoKHAv vas Urdu - Mujhe tumse mohabbat hai
Urdu - Main Tumse Muhabbat Karta Hoon
Vietnamese - Em ye^u anh ( woman to man )
Vietnamese - Toi yeu em
Vietnamese - Anh ye^u em ( man to woman )
Vietnamese - Toi yeu em Vietnamese -
Anh ye^u em ( man to woman ) Vlaams -
Ik hue van ye
Welsh - ' Rwy 'n dy garu di .
Welsh -
Yr wyf i yn dy garu di ( chwi )
Yiddish - Ich libe dich
Yiddish - Ich han dich lib
Yiddish - Ikh Hob Dikh Lib
Yiddish - Ich han dich lib Yiddish - Ikh Hob Dikh Lib Yugoslavian - Ya te volim
How good is hemp and lime ?
Study pins down performance
The environmental potential of hemp as a building material has never really been in doubt - it absorbs carbon as it grows and can be grown almost anywhere , cutting down on the need for energy - intensive transportation .
But is it any good ?
A study underway at the BRE Centre for Innovative Construction Materials at the University of Bath is attempting to clear up any doubts .
" The idea of using hemp and lime has been around in the UK for ten or 12 years now and there have been a number of applications but there 's still relatively little scientific information on the performance of the materials , " Prof Pete Walker , director of the centre , told edie .
" We 've identified this as a significant barrier to market uptake . "
He said that mainstream engineers , architects and buyers were shying away from a potential tool in the fight against climate change due to the absence of reliable independent information on its characteristics .
The research project is providing concrete answers to the questions of the construction industry and also experimenting with different ratios of hemp to lime in an effort to maximise its carbon cutting potential .
" The lime has all the embodied carbon and energy and , if we 're honest , the cost , " said Prof Walker .
" The hemp offsets this .
Using renewable crops to make building materials makes real sense - it only takes an area the size of a rugby pitch four months to grow enough hemp to build a typical three bedroom house .
" Growing crops such as hemp can also provide economic and social benefits to rural economies through new agricultural markets for farmers and associated industries . "
Hemp - lime is a lightweight composite building material made of fibres from the fast growing plant , bound together using a lime - based adhesive making it better - than - carbon neutral .
Sam Bond
© Faversham House Ltd 2009 .
edie news articles may be copied or forwarded for individual use only .
No other reproduction or distribution is permitted without prior written consent .
Leave it to Fox News to report pure hearsay as fact , especially if it ’s regarding Fox News , or from Rush Limbaugh , or both .
Supposedly , a 18 year old Michigan high school student called into Rush Limbaugh ’s radio show and complained that his teacher scolded him for reading FoxNews.com .
From the article , Fox News did not get a direct statement from the student , they did not find out which teacher , nor did they have a first hand account from anybody .
Also important to note is that the student never made a complaint through the school , so the only record of this is a more - or - less anonymous call to Rush Limbaugh .
Wow .
Share this article
1:13PM
1:13PM
1:11PM
1:11PM
1:10 PM
1:10 PM
1:10 PM
1:09 PM
1:09 PM
1:09 PM
1:09 PM
1:08 PM
1:05 PM
1:03PM
1:03PM
1:02PM
1:02PM
1:01PM
1:00 PM
1:00 PM
12:59PM
12:58 PM
12:57PM
12:57PM
12:56PM
12:55 PM
12:55 PM
12:53PM
12:52 PM
12:52 PM
12:49 PM
12:48 PM
12:47PM
12:47PM
12:47PM
12:47PM
12:45 PM
12:45 PM
12:42 PM
12:39PM
12:39PM
12:37PM
12:37PM
12:37PM
12:37PM
12:37PM
12:34PM
12:32PM
12:32PM
12:32PM
12:30 PM
12:29PM
12:27PM
12:25 PM
12:25 PM
12:23PM
12:22 PM
12:19PM
12:19PM
12:19PM
12:16PM
12:15 PM
12:14PM
12:13PM
12:13 PM
12:12 PM
12:12 PM
12:10 PM
12:10 PM
12:09 PM
12:07 PM
12:05 PM
12:05 PM
12:04PM
12:03 PM
11:27AM
11:27AM
And it 's over !
We 're going to roll up into balls and exit the theatre .
The game will take you deeper into Samus 's story , and further into the Metroid universe , according to Reggie .
It appeared to show some kind of origin story , maybe .
Samus Aran , for the first time , speaks in the trailer .
Footage includes first person and third person sequences .
2010 : Metroid : Other M.THIS IS A METROID ACTION GAME FROM TEAM NINJA .
THIS IS HAPPENING .
WE ARE LOOKING AT THIS THING THAT IS HAPPENING .
IT'S METROID .
Team Ninja and Nintendo collaborating on something .
It 's in space .
Could a new , edgier game also be coming from Nintendo ?
" The answer is , absolutely . "
Team Ninja !
Dead Space Extraction got a pretty decent amount of applause !
People here like monsters and stuff .
All of these games will be on the show floor , Reggie says .
Dead Space : Extraction now .
Maybe this is why EA did n't show it -- because Nintendo is .
These are titles we knew about , so far .
The Conduit first , and now here 's Resident Evil : The Darkside Chronicles .
Trailers for both .
So he meant " more " than is currently out , not more than we knew about .
For now , at least .
" I 'll be honest .
I read the blogs too , " Reggie says .
He knows that we want more .
And that more , he says , is associated with third parties .
So now he 's introducing Wii exclusive titles with a " harder edge .
" Easily the biggest applause of the show .
Perhaps because it 's the biggest surprise ?
Besides the Vitality Sensor .
Super Mario Galaxy 2 . That 's the name .
Yoshi can pick up power - ups that allow him to bloat up like a balloon .
A big button will freeze large bodies of water so Mario can run on them .
And now there 's a little world that blooms with flowers whenever Mario runs over an area .
2D sidescrolling levels showcased , with the return of Bee Mario .
Looks like a sequel to Super Mario Galaxy .
Mario's riding Yoshi on some spherical worlds .
Can we call megaton ?
A second full 3D Mario title on a single Nintendo console for the first time !
Cammie 's back to deliver some more " stimulation " after that " relaxation " from Iwata .
How can you top the heartbeat thingy ?
Wow , I just realized this is really close to that fake " Wii Relax " helmet that went around for a while .
Good call , whoever did that .
Nintendo liked your idea .
" For example , how nervous am I ? "
Slight chuckle in the audience .
Maybe everyone can use the sensor to relax with videogames !
What 's next for games after Wii fit and Brain Age ?
The Wii Vitality Sensor .
It 's one of those biorhythm doodads you stick your finger in .
Except it connects to the Wiimote .
He wants these to increase understanding of games , and then the social standing of gamers .
"
In a sense , each of these could be considered everyone 's game .
" Games like Pong , Space Invaders , and Donkey Kong satisfied everyone .
They were intuitive enough to be enjoyed by all .
Nintendo , last year , addressed this idea with Mario Kart and the Wii Wheel .
Further toward that goal : New Super Mario Bros .
Wii , Wii Sports Resort , and Wii Fit Plus .
" If we simply lower the bar , we wo n't satisfy highly skilled players .
And I 'm also troubled by the imaginary wall that is built ... between veteran players and new players . " " Imagine if the number of players could grow by 50 percent . "
Next goal is to create individual titles that can satisfy every population of gaming at once .
He describes this as a challenge .
Traditionally , gamers have assumed the best games are the ones that are hardest to play .
Nintendo disagrees with this .
" For every two people now playing , there 's one more just waiting to jump into the game . "
Nobody tell him what Microsoft 's Xbox marketing slogan is .
He 'll be mad .
" There are some now who believe the audience expansion movement is starting to fail . "
Describing three populations of people : people who play video games , people who NEVER play , and " maybes .
"
It 's impressive Nintendo has made so many announcements without introducing Iwata .
Regardless , the audience is quiet .
No applause for any announcements so far .
Cammie is now introducing Satoru Iwata .
And the man himself comes out to some kind of guitar solo .
This summer , you can automatically upload photos from DSi to Facebook .
It 's a Facebook - off !
WarioWare : DIY .
This is the game released in Japan as " Made in Ore . "
It 's a complete suite of tools to create your own WarioWare games -- draw the graphics , make the music , create the game logic , everything .
For a five - second - long game .
You can share your microgames as well .
It 's going to be DSiWare , available June 8 .
" That 's right , this coming Monday . " Mario vs. Donkey Kong : Minis March Again .
It looks just like Mario vs. Donkey Kong , but now it has a full level editor with online level sharing !
Moving Memo is coming out , now called Flipnotes Studio , this summer !
This is the DSi app that lets people draw animation and upload it .
Different features , different price points , and different audiences for the DS Lite and DSi .
Total DSi sales in North America are over 1 million , with 400K Lites sold in the same period .
Now it 's a video that appears to be from the DSi launch , about how much people like the DSi .
People in line to buy a DSi really love the DSi they 're about to buy , apparently .
Finally !
Have you been waiting for the North American release of Nintendo 's fashion game " Girls Mode ? "
Because I have .
No , I 'm serious , actually .
It was a really big hit , and I 'm kind of curious !
It 's going to be called Style Savvy here .
Features wireless connectivity , to shop in other players ' boutiques .
Cop : The Recruit from Ubisoft .
" More urban , open - world gaming , " says Cammie .
And now a trailer , which looks like Flash animation .
This appears to be a RE4 - style shooter .
On DS .
Women 's Murder Club : Games of Passion , based on James Patterson 's work , for DS .
" Why join a book club when you can join the Women 's Murder Club ? " the trailer says .
Because I do n't like ... murder ?
2D sprites on dynamic 3D environments , with 3D monsters .
It was a quick look , but more of Golden Sun than we 've seen in years .
And that wraps it up for the RPG portion .
They really are n't going to mention Dragon Quest IX ?
Golden Sun DS - 2010 .
I totally thought he was hyping Dragon Quest , and then Reggie pulls this on us !
Mario & Luigi Bowser 's Inside Story is launching this fall in North America and Europe .
The game is adorable , of course !
Side - scrolling platforming combined with turn - based RPG mechanics .
All inside a giant dinomonster 's digestive system .
This is the RPG segment of the presentation .
Talking about Mario & Luigi : Bowser 's Inside Story , the new name for Mario & Luigi RPG 3 .
" Bowser really does suck ... and I mean that in a good way .
" Kingdom Hearts 358/2
Days now .
We 're watching a trailer for that .
I had n't heard any Utada yet today , so I 'm glad Nintendo hooked me up .
And now we 're watching a trailer for Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles : The Crystal Bearers .
Reggie called it an " exclusive open world RPG .
" Now Reggie is talking about Red Steel 2 , which is Motion Plus exclusive .
" These new titles begin to suggest how third party development is flowing to Nintendo . "
More third party games were sold for Wii and DS than any other platforms , he says .
Wii Sports Resort launches July 26 .
We knew that .
Now Reggie is showing off Tiger Woods PGA Tour 10 and talking about its bundle .
It 's a shooting contest .
Two players grab a ball , shoot , then grab another one .
It looks like each player is on his own screen .
I do n't want to speculate or anything , but how do most people play console games on two screens ?
It could be a demo , or it could be online .
It 's basketball .
Very friendly trash talk between Bill and Reggie .
Friendly and awkward .
Really awkward .
Seriously awkward .
Uncomfortable silence fills the room .
Reggie makes fun of Bill 's height .
You get three shots per target .
The screen zooms in more as you pull back more , but it also gets shakier .
He 's showing one more sport , for which he 's going to compete with Reggie .
Next up , archery .
Hold the Wiimote vertically like a bow , then push A to grip .
" It feels great . "
Hold Z , pull Nunchuk back to pull string .
Let go of Z to shoot at the target .
There 's a wind gauge to help compensate for wind .
There must not be too much archery practice over at NOA .
Just sayin' Now there 's a giant Busby Berkeley - style formation .
Music swells , then everyone 's chutes open .
" Welcome to Wii Sports Resort . " " You , and everyone else who plays the game , will start by jumping out of an airplane . "
Seriously .
You hold the Wiimote as if it were your falling body .
Spin it around , position it to grab other Mii skydivers .
Speed up by diving downward .
He 's made a formation of five people now .
Bill Trinen back out to demonstrate MotionPlus .
He 's going to show us more Wii Sports Resort things .
He 's talking about the added precision in gameplay .
Now they 're showing us a Motion Plus demo video that happens to feature new Wii Sports Resort stuff .
Archery , kayaking .
Reggie is out now .
He 's talking about the Wii interface -- first the Wiimote , the Nunchuk , the Balance Board .
What 's next ?
Oh , right , the MotionPlus .
This will be out fall 2009 in both Balance Board bundle and standalone versions .
In addition , fifteen new balance games : skateboarding , juggling , a math game in which you bump numbers with your hips to add up to ten .
There 's even a sort of Mario - esque platformer , though it scrolls toward you and not from left to right .
Six new strength and yoga training activity .
You can now set up playlists of exercises , it sounds like -- continuous strings of exercises .
Wii Fit Plus will keep track of total calories burned .
Introducing Wii Fit Plus now .
" This next version moves in an added direction -- helping find a specific workout routine " for you .
Cammie just referred to Wii Fit as a " gaming platform . "
I see what she did there .
The game ( called New Super Mario Bros. Wii ) will launch this holiday 2009 and is playable at the show floor .
At the end , the players are ranked based on points , coins , lives , and enemies killed .
Cammie came in fourth .
The screen pans out when players spread apart .
Hidden areas appear behind walls , and the player sees a cutaway through the walls as he approaches .
You can play the main mode in single player or in co-op .
You can switch at any time .
There 's a propeller suit that allows Mario to fly upward when you shake the Wiimote .
It looks like jammies with a propeller on top .
The game is classic Mario , in New Super Mario Bros. style 3D .
Four players play at the same time , competing for coins .
When you die , you pop back up onscreen in a bubble .
Bill Trinen from Treehouse is out .
Treehouse people are coming out to play simultaneous multiplayer Mario .
Oh , that 's right .
One Mario , one Luigi , two Toads , in side - scrolling 3D.4 is the key to Mario 's surprise .
Miyamoto has been thinking of doing a new way playing Mario .
Wow , a new Mario game ?
That was fast !
How many more megatons ?
" Innovation in the form of the next leap forward in game control .
And surprises in places you might not have thought there 'd be any left .
"
" One thing we all have in common : we 're all professionally involved in video games . "
She 's comparing video game sales to other media .
Surprise : favorably .
Cammie Dunaway comes out first , to polite applause .
" Everyone 's GAME " -- a montage of Wii game videos up now .
The music just stopped .
We 're starting !
On the screen , Nintendo showcases various trivia questions .
How much of a Nintendo nerd are you ?
Club Nokia is an interesting place to hold the Nintendo conference .
It 's very sleek , with some nice lounge and club music playing in the background .
We've teamed up with Joystiq for live coverage of E3 , and Nintendo 's keynote is next up for the extra special liveblogging treatment .
The event is scheduled to start at around 12 PM ET / 9 AM PT .
We 're live !
We 're on the scene at the Nintendo keynote , getting ready to fire salvo after salvo of news at you , our readers .
Get those bingo cards ready and start making your own predictions of what the Big N's got planned in the comments section .
( And no , " Cammie Dunaway does something embarrassing " does n't count ! )
Having worked for 25 years at fragile archaeological sites in Peru , UCLA archaeologist Charles “ Chip ” Stanish held his breath when the online auction house eBay launched more than a decade ago .
“ My greatest fear was that the Internet would democratize antiquities trafficking , which previously had been a wealthy person ’s vice , and lead to widespread looting , ” said the UCLA professor of anthropology , who directs the UCLA Cotsen Institute of Archaeology .
Indeed , eBay has drastically altered the transporting and selling of illegal artifacts , Stanish writes in an article in the May / June issue of Archaeology , but not in the way he and other archaeologists had feared .
By improving access to a worldwide market , eBay has inadvertently created a vast market for copies of antiquities , diverting whole villages from looting to producing fake artifacts , Stanish writes .
The proliferation of these copies also has added new risks to buying objects billed as artifacts , which in turn has worked to depress the market for these items , further reducing incentives to loot .
“ For most of us , the Web has forever distorted the antiquities trafficking market in a positive way , ” Stanish said .
Looting , which is illegal , is widely recognized as destructive to cultural heritage because it can remove from public ownership tangible links to a people ’s past .
In addition , looting is perceived as the enemy of scholarship because it typically is done without regard to any appropriate methods that allow scientists to date objects and to place them in a larger , more meaningful context .
One of the world ’s premiere authorities on Andean archaeology and supervisor , at UCLA , of the one of the world ’s largest collections of working archaeologists , Stanish has been tracking objects billed as antiquities on eBay for more than nine years .
His conclusions also are informed by experiences with the U.S. customs service , which occasionally asks him to authenticate objects .
In addition , Stanish has visited a number of workshops in Peru and Bolivia that specialize in reproductions of pottery and has interviewed these artisans .
While his background is in South American archaeology , he has tracked eBay listings of antiquities from many cultures .
“ Chinese , Bulgarian , Egyptian , Peruvian and Mexican workshops are now producing fakes at a frenetic pace , ” he writes .
When he first started tracking eBay ’s sales of antiquities , Stanish focused mainly on objects related to his field .
At the time , the ratio of real artifacts to fakes was about 50 - 50 , he estimates .
About five years later , 95 percent were fakes .
Now , he admits , he can’t always tell , because the quality of the fakes has improved so much .
He estimates that about 30 percent of “ antiquities ” currently for sale on eBay are obvious fakes , in so much as creators mix up iconography and choose colors and shapes for visual effect rather than authenticity .
Another 5 percent or so are genuine treasures .
The rest fall in the ambiguous “ I would have to hold it in my hand to be able to make an informed decision ” category , he writes .
Stanish admits himself to occasionally being duped by fakes encountered in shops in areas where both looted items and fakes are sold .
The advent of eBay has had the biggest impact on the antiquities market by reducing the incentive to unearth precious treasures in the first place , Stanish has found .
“ People who used to make a few dollars selling a looted artifact to a middleman in their village can now produce their own ‘ almost - as - good - as - old ’ objects and go directly to a person in a nearby town who has an eBay account , ” he said .
“ They will receive the same amount or even more than they could have received for actual antiquities . ”
As a result of the rise of a ready market , many of the primary purveyors have shifted from looting sites to faking antiquities .
In addition to linking craftsmen with a market for cheap fakes , eBay has tended to have a depressing effect on prices for real looted artifacts , further discouraging locals from pillaging precious sites .
“ The value of … illicit digging decreases every time someone buys a ‘ genuine ’ Moche pot for $ 35 , plus shipping and handling , ” he writes .
( An authentic antiquity would sell for upwards of $ 15,000 . )
So far , authentication techniques have struggled to keep abreast of increasingly sophisticated fakes , Stanish said .
Pottery can still be authenticated reliably , although the process is costly .
In addition , forgers tend to only guarantee the authenticity of their pieces as long as no form of “ destructive ” analysis is used .
While just a tiny flake of pottery is required for thermoluminescence dating — the gold standard for pottery — the process is technically considered destructive , Stanish points out , so the test invalidates such warrantees , no matter its conclusion .
Thanks to laser technology and chemical processes for forming antique - appearing patinas , stone and metal , reproductions are “ almost impossible ” to authenticate using today ’s technology , Stanish writes .
However , the prospect of authentication techniques eventually catching up with today ’s fakes is also having a chilling effect on the market for antiquities , by dramatically adding to the risk of illicit , high - end trafficking .
“ Who wants to spend $ 50,000 on an object ‘ guaranteed ’ to be ancient by today ’s standards , when someone can come along in five years with a new technology that definitively proves it to be a fake , ” he asks .
My favorite line about eggplant is from “ How to Pick a Peach , ” an appreciation of seasonal produce by Russ Parsons .
“ Let ’s get one thing straight : most eggplants are not bitter ( even though they have every right to be after everything that has been said about them ) . ”
People do have strong feelings about eggplant .
If they do n’t like it , they usually cite its bitterness or heaviness .
Salting does improve eggplant ’s texture if it ’s to be fried , Parsons notes , but that ’s the only reason to purge it .
The problem with frying is that eggplant will soak up every ounce of fat in the skillet , which is why so many eggplant dishes are heavy .
But there ’s an alternative .
I get around frying eggplant , even in dishes where eggplant is sautéed , by roasting it first .
Then I cut it into pieces and cook it again with the other ingredients in the dish .
Roasted eggplant has a deep , complex flavor .
As long as you do n’t need firm slices , roasting is a great way to avoid making it heavy .
Eggplant is also terrific grilled , and you ’ll be amazed by how silky and delicious it can be when steamed and tossed with a dressing .
9 SHARES Share Tweet
[ adsense_id= ” 3 ″ ]
Many people are living a life of abundance and they do not realize it .
They insist on miscounting their wealth – living everyday as it it were a close - call struggle for survival .
This attitude brings out the barbarian in man .
It makes us act on impulse .
It makes us abandon reason and abandon luxury – it leads many to live a life of constant neuroticism .
What do we have to be so overprotective about ?
Why should we cling to every bit of property as if it were our last meal ?
What makes us so hesitant to give up what we do not truly need or depend on ?
A dollar that sits in your wallet remains but a dollar .
It is worthless .
It is not real wealth – the kind that only comes from production and consumption – it is only a symbol of wealth .
Not to misrepresent savings – a practice that is crucial for accumulating capital – the only way to increase one ’s potential for production and consumption , but the economist Keynes – if he was right about one thing then it was this : “ In the long - run , we are all dead . ”
There is no amount of wealth we can gain in this world and keep after we die .
Nothing we own in this life will be ours forever .
Sounds scary ?
It ’s not .
It ’s liberating .
What we lose in clinging to our material possessions is equal to what we gain by letting go of them .
Before all else , acknowledging one ’s abundance becomes a shift in perspective .
It allows us to step in the handsome role of the giver and no longer remain the victim of circumstances .
I 'd like to try to clear some of the confusion that surrounds the economics of wind power , as it is often fed and used by the opponents of wind to dismiss it .
As I noted recently , even the basic economics of energy markets are often wilfully misunderstood by commentators , so it 's worth going in more detail through concepts like levelised cost and marginal cost , and identify how different electricity producers have different impacts on electricity ( market ) prices ( which may or may not be reflected in retail prices ) and have different externalities .
Value for society of a generation source may also include other items that are harder to acount in purely monetary terms ( and / or whose very value may be disputed ) , such as the long term risk of depletion of the fuel , or energy security issues , such as dependency on unstable and / or unfriendly foreign countries or vulnerable infrastructure .
Costs
The cost of wind is , simply enough , what you actually need to spend to generate the electricity .
The graph below shows how these costs have changed over the past decade : a long , slow decline as technology improved , followed , over the past 3 years , by an increase as the cost of commodities ( in the case of wind , mainly steel ) increased , and as strong demand for turbines allowed the manufacturers ( or their subcontractors ) to push up their prices :
Source : Economics of wind ( pdf ) by the European Wind Energy Association
The most recent Energy Outlook by the International Energy Agency suggests that wind power currently costs € 60 / $ 80 per MWh , which makes it , today , pretty close to what the traditional generation sources ( nuclear , coal , gas ) cost :
Source : World Energy Outlook 2008 ( available on order only )
In the case of wind , it is important to note that most of the costs are upfront , i.e. you need to spend money to manufacture and then install the wind turbines ( and build the transmission line to connect to the grid , if necessary ) , but once this is done , there are very few other actual costs : some maintenance and some spare parts now and then .
This means that the levelised cost of wind ( ie , the average cost over the long run , when initial investment costs are spread out over the useful life of the wind turbines ) is going to be highly dependent on the discount rate , i.e. the hypotheses used to spread the initial cost of investment over each MWh of production over the useful life of the wind turbine , both in terms of duration , and the rate used .
The graph below shows the sensitivity of the cost of wind depending on the discount rate used ( over 20 years ) :
Source : Economics of wind ( pdf ) by the European Wind Energy Association
The discount rate is the cost of capital applied to the project , it will depend on whether you can find debt ( whose price can depend on your credit rating ) or need to provide equity ( which is usually more expensive ) ; altogether this means that most of the revenue generated by a wind farm at any point during its lifespan will go to repay the initial investment rather than to actual short term production costs ; moving the discount rate from 5 % to 10 % increases levelised costs by approximately 40 % ( whereas for a gas project , it would typically be less than 20 % ) .
Source : the Economist , 2005
Note : this reflects price for gas at 3 - 4$ / MBTU
As a consequence , the marginal cost of wind is essentially zero , i.e. , at a given point in time , it costs you nothing to produce an extra MWh ( all you need is more wind ) .
In contrast , the marginal cost of a gas - fired plant is going to be significant , as each new kWh requires some fuel input : that marginal cost is very closely related to the price of the supply of the volume of gas needed to produce that additional MWh .
The cost structure of wind and gas - fired power plants are completely different , as the graph to the right ( from the Economist ) shows : one includes mostly finance costs , the other mostly fuel costs ( with nuclear closer to the economics of wind , and coal closer to the economics of gas ) .
It is worth emphasizing that " letting the markets decide " is NOT a technology - neutral choice when it comes to investment in power generation : public funding ( such as can be available to State - owned or municipal utilities ) is cheaper than commercial fund of investment : given that different technologies have different sensitivities to the discount rate , preferring " market " solutions will inevitably favor fuel - burning technologies , whereas public investment would tilt more towards capital - intensive technologies like wind and nuclear .
This also means that , once the investment is made , the cost of wind is essentially fixed , while that of gas - fired electricity is going to be very variable , depending on the cost of the fuel .
The good news for wind is that its cost is extremely predictable ; the bad news is that it 's not flexible at all , and cannot adjust to electricity price variations .
Or , more precisely , wind producers take the risk that prices may be lower than their fixed cost at any given time .
Given that , as a zero- marginal cost producer , the marginal cash flow is always better when producing than not , wind is fundamentally a " price - taker , " i.e. , the decision to produce will not depend on the price ; however , the ability to repay the initial debt will depend on the level of the price , and if prices are too low for too long , the wind farm may go bankrupt .
Meanwhile , gas producers take a risk , at any time , on the relative position , of the prices of gas and of electricity ( what the industry calls the " spark spread " ) .
This is a short term risk : gas - fired plants have the technical ability to choose to not produce ( subject to relatively minor technical constraints ) at any given time , they can thus avoid any cash flow losses , and the very fact that they shut down will influence both the gas price ( by lowering demand ) and the electricity price ( by reducing supply ) .
In fact , as we 'll see in a minute , electricity prices are directly driven , most of the time , by gas prices , and thus gas - fired plants are " price - makers " and thus their costs are what drive electricity prices .
This suggests , once again , that selecting market mechanisms to set electricity prices ( rather than regulating them ) is , again , not technology neutral : here as well , deregulated markets are structurally more favorable to fossil fuel - based generation sources than publicly regulated price environments .
At this point , the conclusions on the cost of wind power ( ignoring externalities , including network issues , which I discuss below ) are that they do n't seem to be that different from those of traditional power sources ( nukes , gas , coal ) , but that they have a very different relationship to prices .
So let 's talk about prices .
Prices
There are two aspects here : the price received by wind producers , and the price paid by buyers , which may be different .
The price of wind energy is what wind energy producers get for their production .
It may , or may not , be related to the cost of the generation , but you 'd expect the price to be higher than the cost , otherwise investment would not happen .
But the question is , of course , whether the price needs to be higher all the time , or just on average , and if so , for what duration .
Given , as we 've seen before , that wind has fixed prices , all a wind producer requires is a price which is slightly above what its long term costs are .
That makes investment in wind profitable and actually rather safe ( which means that a fairly low return on capital is required ) .
The problem , as we 've seen , is that wind is a price - taker and , unless producers are able to find long term power purchase agreements ( PPAs ) with electricity consumers at such prices , it is subject to the vagaries of market prices .
And when your main burden is to repay your debt , and you do n't have enough cash for too long ( because prices are below your cost for that period ) , you go under right away , even though you can generate a lot of cash ( remember that wind is a zero - marginal cost producer and can generate income whatever the market price is ) - which means that a bankrupt wind farm will always be a good business to take over ; it 's just that it may not be a good business to invest in if prices are too volatile ...
And thus it is not that surprising that the most effective system to support the development of wind power has been so called feed - in tariffs whereby the wind producers get a guaranteed , fixed price over a long duration ( typically 15 to 20 years ) at a level set high enough to cover costs .
The fixed price is paid by the utility that 's responsible for electricity distribution in the region where the wind farm is located , and it is allowed by the regulator to pass on the cost of that tariif ( ie the difference between the fixed rate and the wholesale market price ) to ratepayers .
It 's simple to design , it 's effective and , as we 'll see , it 's actually also the cheapest way to promote wind .
Other mechanisms include quotas which can be traded ( that 's what green certificates or renewable portfolio standards amount to ) or direct subsidies , usually via tax mechanisms .
Apart from tax benefits , which are borne by taxpayers , all other schemes impose a cost surcharge on electricity consumers ( although , as we 'll see below , in the case of feed - in tariffs , that surcharge may not exist in reality , as we 'll see below ) .
But there 's an even trickier aspect to wind and electricity prices : in market environments , marginal cost rules , i.e. the price for electricity is determined , most of the time , by the most expensive producers needed at that time to fulfill demand .
Demand is , apart from some industrial use , not price sensitive in the very short term , and is almost fixed ( people switching lights and A / C on , etc ... ) , so supply has to adapt , and the price of the last producers that needs to be switched on will determine the price for everybody else .
Source : Economics of wind ( pdf ) by the European Wind Energy Association
If you look at the above graph , you see a typical ' dispatch curve ' , i.e. the line representing generation capacity , ranked by price .
Hydro is usually the cheapest ( on the left ) , followed by nuclear and / or coal , and then you have gas - fired plants and CHP ( combined heat and power ) plants , followed to the far right by peaker plants , usually gas - or oil - fired .
You take you demand curve ( the quasi vertical lines you can see on the right graph ) , and the intersection of the two gives you the price .
As is logical , night time demand is lower and requires a lower price than normal daytime prices , and even less than peak demand which requires expensive power generators to be switched on .
The righthand graph shows what happens when wind comes into the picture : as a very low marginal price generator , it is added to the dispatch curve on the left , and pushes out all other generators , to the extent is available at that time .
By injecting " cheap " power into the system , it lowers prices .
The impact on prices is pretty low at night , but can become significant during the day , and very high at peak times ( subject , once again , to actual availability of wind at that time ) .
Source : Economics of wind ( pdf ) by the European Wind Energy Association
As the graph above suggests , the impact on price of significant wind injections is high throughout the day , and highest at times of high demand .
When there 's a lot of wind , you end up with prices that get flattened at the price of base load , i.e. the marginal cost of nukes or coal , and wind no longer has any influence on price .
But the consequence of this is that the more wind you have into the system , the lower the price for electricity .
With gas , it 's the opposite : the more gas you need , the higher the price will be ( in the short term , because you need more expensive plants to be turned on ; in the long run because you push the demand for gas up , and thus the price of gas , and thus of gas - burning plants , up ) .
In fact , if you get to a significant share of wind in a system that uses market prices , you get to a point where wind drives prices down to levels where wind power loses money all the time !
( That may sound impossible , but it does happen because the difference between the low marginal cost and the higher long term cost is so big ) .
There are two lessons here :
wind power has a strongly positive effect for consumers , by driving prices down for them during the day .
it is difficult for wind power generators to make money under market mechanisms unless wind penetration remains very low ; this means that if wind is seen as a desirable , ways need to be found to ensure that the revenues that wind generators actually get for electricity are not driven by the market prices that they make possible .
That 's actually the point of feed - in tariffs , which provide stable , predictable revenue to wind producers , and ensure that their maximum production is injected into the system at all times , which influences market prices by making supply of more expensive producers unnecessary .
And these tariffs make sense for consumers .
The higher fixed price is added to the bill for the buyers of electricity , but as that bill is lower than it would have otherwise been , the actual cost is much lower than it appears .
As I 've noted in earlier diaries , studies in Germany , Denmark and Spain prove that the net cost of feed - in tariffs in these countries is actually negative , i.e. a apparent fixed cost imposed on consumers ends up reducing their bills !
Assessment of the impact of renewable electricity generation on the German electricity sector ( pdf )
Mario Ragwitz , Frank Sensfuss , Fraunhofer Institute , presentation to EWEC 2008
The table above indicates that renewable energy ( mostly wind , plus some solar ) injections into the German electricity system caused , on average over the year , prices to be reduced by about 8 euros / MWh - about 15 % .
That translated into savings of 5 billion euros over the year for electricity buyers ( utilities and other wholesale consumers ) , or 95 EUR / MWh of renewable energy injected .
With a feed - in tariff of , on average , 103 EUR / MWh ( which includes the high price for solar ; wind tariffs are around 85 EUR / MWh ) , the net cost of renewables is thus under 10 EUR / MWh , to be compared to a average wholesale price of 40 - 50 EUR / MWh .
Thanks to the feed - in tariff , a wind MWH costs one fifth of a coal MWh !
In other words , by guaranteeing a high price to wind generators , you ensure that they are around to bring prices down .
And that trick can only work with low marginal cost producers , thus not with any fuel - based generator , which would need to pay for its fuel in any case , and might end up requiring a higher price than the guaranteed level to break even , if fuel prices increased ( as they would if such a scheme came up and encouraged investment in such plants ) .
So we get an glimpse of the fact that there is value in wind power for consumers which is not reflected directly through electricity prices , and is only remotely related to the actual cost of wind .
Value / externalities
Which brings us to our last point , the " value " of wind power , which has to include the other impacts of wind onto the system that are not captured by monetary mechanisms .
This is also what economists call externalities , i.e. the impact of economic behavior or decisions which are not reflected in the costs or prices of the economic entity taking the decision .
Pollution is a typical externality , but so is the impact on the grid of bringing in a new producer .
Regulation is meant to put a price on these items , in order to reflect the " true cost " of a given economic action , i.e. in this case a decision to invest in a wind farm or a gas - fired plant or otherwise .
Amongst the externalities we need to discuss here are the intermittency of wind , carbon emissions ( which , in this case , is an existing , improperly priced , externality of existing technologies which wind can help to avoid ) , and security of supply .
Intermittency and balancing costs
A traditional argument against wind ( its availability is variable , and cannot be counted upon to fulfill demand ) , which people may be surprised to find listed here as an externality - but that 's what it is .
In a market , you are not obliged to sell ; the fact that the electricity grid requires demand to be provided at all times is a separate service , which is not the same thing as supplying electricity - it 's continuity of supply .
But while wind is criticized for its intermittency , I never hear coal or nuclear blasted because the reserve requirements of the system need to be sized to be at least as big as the largest plant around , should that plant ( which is inevitably a multi- GW coal or nuclear plant ) happen to drop off .
The market for MWh and the market for " spare MWh on short notice " are quite different animals , and the Germans actually treat them separately :
From wikipedia
The Germans distinguish between permanent base load ( i.e. the minimum consumption of any time , which effectively requires permanent generation , " Grundlast " in the graph above ) , semi- base load ( or the predictable portion of the daily demand curve , " Mittellast " in the graph above ) , and peak / unpredictable demand ( i.e. the short term variations of supply availability and demand - " Spitzenlast " in the graph above ) .
Wind is now predictable with increasing accuracy with a few hours advance , and can , for the most part , be part of semi- base load ; i.e. , low winds can be treated just like a traditional plant being on maintenance : reduced , but expected , availability of a given asset .
( for contrasting views on this topic , you can read these two articles : Wind is reliable and Critique of wind integration into the grid on Claverton ) .
The reality here is that the service " reliability of supply " is well - understood , and the technical requirements ( having stand - by capacity for the potentially required volumes ) are well - known , there is plenty of experience on how to provide them ( " spinning reserves " , i.e. gas - fired plants available to be fired up , or interruptible supply contracts with some industrial users who accept to be switched off at short notice ) and experience and the relevant regulations have made it possible to put a price on that service .
Source : Economics of wind ( pdf ) by the European Wind Energy Association
In the case of wind , the cost of the service ( which a wind producer needs to pay to the grid operator in order to be able to provide its service , which is the same of kWh ) is estimated at 2 - 4 EUR / MWh , i.e. 5 % or less of the cost of wind .
And , given that the relevant regulations exist , that externality can be easily internalised - and in that case , added to the cost of producing windpower - or deducted from the price wind generators can get for selling their " naked " MWh .
Carbon emissions
The second externality to mention is carbon emissions .
In that case , it is not an externality caused by wind generation , it is an externality which is created by existing power generators , which is not properly accounted for yet today , but which wind generation avoids .
In other words , there is a benefit for society to replace fossil fuel - burning generation by wind , but it is not priced in yet ( or , in other words , the indirect cost of coal - burning is paid by the inhabitants of low - lying islands rather than by the consumers of that electricity ) .
Attempts to price carbon emissions are moving forward , with the European ETS ( emissions trading system ) and the expected " cap- and - trade " mechanism in the USA ; these require carbon - spewing generators to pay for that privilege and materialize a new cost for them , which will be added to their cost of generating electricity ( but not to that of wind , as it emits no carbon dioxide in the process ) .
Source : Economics of wind ( pdf ) by the European Wind Energy Association
The grey area in the bars above is the added cost of producing electricity from coal or gas , for two different prices of carbon ( note that the bottom graph also changes the cost of fuel , which increases the other component of cost for coal and gas ) .
It has a significant impact on the net cost of production for these sources , and on the respective competitively of competing technologies .
Note that the graph above includes the grid - related costs for wind discussed above , in dark blue .
It is no less legitimate to include the cost of carbon as it is to include the cost of stand - by capacity in the calculation of the cost of electricity .
If we consider the power grid as a fully integrated system , then there is very little reason to include some externalities and not others - other , that is , than force of habit and lobbying by the incumbents who designed the rules around their exiting generation mix .
Security of supply
A power plant is an investment that can last 25 to 50 years ( or even more , in the case of dams ) .
Once built , it will create patterns of behavior that will similarly last for a very long time .
A gas - fired plant will require supply of gas for 25 years or more ( and the corresponding infrastructure , and attached services , employees ... and lobbyists ) .
Given worries about resource depletion ( usually downplayed ) and about the unreliability of some suppliers ( hysterically exaggerated , cf the " New Cold War " hype about Putin 's Russia ) , it is not unreasonable to suggest that security of supply has a cost .
This may be reflected in long term supply arrangements with firm commitments by gas - producing countries to deliver agreed volumes of gas over many years - but , given all the Russia - angst we hear , this does not seem to be enough ( most supplies from Russia are under long term contracts ) .
Wind , which requires no fuel , and thus no imports , neatly avoids that problem , but how can that be valued in economic terms ?
That question has no satisfactory reply today , but it is clear that the value is more than nil .
Another aspect of this is that " security of supply " is usually understood to mean " at reasonable prices . "
Fuel - fired power plants will need to buy gas or coal in 10 , 15 or 20 years time and it is impossible today to hedge the corresponding price risk .
Given prevalent pricing mechanisms , individual plants may not care so much ( they will pass on fuel price increases to consumers ) , but consumers may not be so happy with the result .
Again , here , wind , with its fixed price over many years , provides a very valuable alternative : a guarantee that its costs will not increase over time .
Markets should theoretically be able to value this , but futures markets are not very liquid for durations beyond 5 years , and thus , in practice , they do n't do it .
This is where governments can step in , to provide a value today to the long term option embedded in wind ( i.e. a " call " at a low price ) .
This is what feed - in tariffs do , fundamentally , by setting a fixed price for wind production which is high enough for producers to be happy with their investment today , and low enough to provide a hedge against cost increases elsewhere in the system ( and indeed , last year , when oil and gas prices were very high , feed - in tariffs in several countries ended up being below the prevailing wholesale price : the subsidy went the other way round ... ) .
Note that the regulatory framework will decide who gets access to that value : if wind is sold at a fixed price , it is the buyer of that power that will benefit from the then - cheap supply ( and that may be a private buyer under a PPA , or the grid operator ; depending on regulatory mechanics , that benefit may be kept by that entity , or have to be reflected into retail tariffs for end consumers ) .
If wind producers get support in the form of tax credits or " green certificates " , it is wind producers that will capture the windfall of high power prices .
So the question is not just how to make that value appear , but also how to share it .
Both are political questions to which there are no obvious answers .
: : ::
So wind power has value as a low - emissions , home - grown , fixed cost supplier .
It also tends to create significant numbers of largely non-offshoreable jobs , which may be an argument in today 's context .
It also has , in a market pricing mechanism , the effect of lowering prices for consumers thanks to its zero - marginal cost .
Its drawbacks , i.e. mainly intermittency , can be priced and taken into account by the system .
( Birds / bat are not a serious issue , despite the hype ; esthetics are a very subjective issue which can usually be sidestepped by avoiding certain locations - the US is big enough , and Europe has the North Sea )
Altogether , wind seems to be an excellent deal for consumers - and an obvious pain ( in terms of both lower volumes , and lower prices ) for competing sources of power , except maybe those specialising in on - demand capacity .
In other words : sticking with mostly coal or nuclear is a political choice , not an economic one .
Michael Jackson will live on as a ' plastinated ' creature preserved by German doctor Gunther von Hagens .
Von Hagens has caused controversy with everyone from the Pope to the chief rabbi in Israel with his practice of embalming corpses with preserving polyurethane .
Yesterday , he declared : ' An agreement is in place to plastinate the King of Pop . '
' An agreement is in place ' : German doctor Gunther von Hagens says he is to preserve the King of Pop with polyurethane
Michael Jackson with his Chimpanzee Bubbles in 1991 : Bubbles currently resides at the Body Worlds exhibit at the O2 Centre in London
Von Hagens said that he spoke with representatives of the Jackson family ' many months ago ' and it was agreed that his body will be plastinated and placed next to Bubbles , his late pet monkey who was plastinated a number of years ago and is exhibited at The Body Worlds & Mirror Of Time exhibition at the O2 Centre in London .
Von Hagens also confirmed it was one of Michael 's final requests to be reunited with Bubbles .
' There is no better place than to do this at the venue where Jackson was due to perform his world record 50 - date tour , ' said a spokesman for Von Hagens .
He added : ' Von Hagens has hinted that a moonwalk pose would naturally be favoured .
' It is hoped the exhibit will be unveiled towards the end of July . '
It was widely believed that the singer , who died yesterday from a heart attack , was interested in having his body frozen in the hope he could later be brought back to life .
However , it is now too late for his wish to be granted as the freezing process - cryonics - must be initiated almost immediately after death but an autopsy on Jackson 's body still needs to be carried out .
Cryonic freezing : Michael Jackson would need to have been put in a supercooled chamber very soon after his death for it to be effective
Cryonics is the cooling of legally dead people to liquid nitrogen temperature where physical decay essentially stops , with the idea that technology developed in the future will be able to revive them .
No -one has ever been revived using this process although it is a popular subject in science fiction films such as Forever Young featuring Mel Gibson .
Despite this , cryogenic freezing has become more popular over time .
Media mogul Simon Cowell caused headlines recently after he said that he wanted to undergo the process .
' Medical science is bound to work out a way of bringing us back to life in the next century or so , and I want to be available when they do , ' he said .
How cryonics works
The medical process is a complicated one .
Immediately after a cryonic patient 's death certificate is signed by a doctor , a cryonics team restores the heartbeat and respiration using a machine to help keep cells in organs and tissues alive .
The patient 's body is then cooled from body temperature ( 37C ) to 10 C as quickly as possible using ice .
Mel Gibson played a character from the 1930s who was frozen for 60 years in the 1992 film Forever Young
Medication is added to their bloodstream to help preserve the body .
Blood is then removed from the body and replaced with a saline - like solution that stops the shrinking or swelling of cells and tissues .
Anti-freeze agents are added to the blood vessels and the body is placed in a special cooling box where it is cooled to between - 120C and - 196C and stored away .
However , for this process to have any chance of working , the cryonic process must be started just minutes after ' legal death ' is verified by doctors .
This is because a dead person 's brain will start to experience a build - up of lactic acid at room temperature .
Within 24 hours it will have virtually dissolved .
So with an autopsy on Michael Jackson expected 24 hours after his death , it 's already too late for the Peter Pan of pop who never wanted to grow up .
Must See Movie
I 'm digging all things fantasy right now -- The Hobbit , anything with superheroes , witches , and supernaturals .
So fun and a great relief from day to day .
Enjoyed Beautiful Creatures and City of Bones .
Neither is anything approaching Oscar worthy , but they are fun .
The following correction was printed in the Guardian 's Corrections and clarifications column , Wednesday 24 June 2009
The article below on the chief executive of Apple referred to memorable TV ads aired in 1984 to promote the Apple Macintosh computer and said these portrayed " mindless conformity in Jobs 's supreme rival , Bill Gates of Microsoft " .
The ads were actually tilting at the industry 's giant of the day , IBM .
A young Bill Gates is on record praising the Mac .
When Steve Jobs rolled out the Apple Macintosh computer in January 1984 he did so , true to form , by commissioning one of the most memorable TV adverts ever created .
It bore several classic Jobs hallmarks .
It was cool .
It was darkly funny .
And it seemed to portray a mindless conformity in Jobs 's supreme rival , Bill Gates of Microsoft .
Modelled on the George Orwell novel Nineteen Eighty - Four , it showed row upon row of grey - suited , grey - faced male automatons ( for which read PC users ) sitting in front of a huge screen upon which Big Brother pontificates .
A blonde woman in white and red running gear - Ms Apple by implication - hurtles towards him and hurls a mallet at the screen , which erupts into a fireball just as Big Brother is saying , " We shall prevail ! "
Close observers of the ever more mysterious world of Steve Jobs will have remembered that advert this weekend with a wry chuckle .
For , in the last few days , the behaviour of Apple 's chief executive and his top team has become increasingly erratic , bordering on bizarre , with definite shades of Big Brother .
Over the weekend we learned that Jobs had had a liver transplant two months ago .
You could almost hear the sharp intake of breath among geeks everywhere , particularly in the west - coast techno - Mecca of Silicon Valley .
At last there was an explanation for his gaunt appearance and evident weight loss , for his disappearances and for this year 's six - month break from work .
But consider the manner in which the news came out .
It broke late on Friday night - that witching hour beloved of buriers of bad news - at the end of a day that had also seen Apple launch its latest iPhone .
The Wall Street Journal had the exclusive and , unusually for them , ascribed it to no source at all , provoking a mass of blogger speculation that the source could only have been Jobs himself .
All that Apple would say on the subject was to repeat parrot - like the phrase that " Steve continues to look forward to returning at the end of June " .
Big Brother would have been proud .
The news of the liver transplant was just the latest of a series of events that saw Jobs and Apple dig themselves deeper and deeper into a pit of secrecy surrounding his health .
The first the world knew about his problems was in August 2004 , when it was announced he had been treated for a rare form of pancreatic cancer .
Later it dribbled out that in fact the diagnosis had been made months earlier , in October 2003 , and that he had tried initially to beat it with a peculiar dietary treatment ( we 're talking about a Buddhist vegetarian approach here ) .
Earlier this year came the baffling claim that he had a relatively simply treated " hormone imbalance " , followed just days later by the announcement that Jobs would be stepping down for six months to focus on his health .
The relative news blackout over almost five years has prompted desperate attempts by Jobs 's devoted band of followers to reach the truth .
Bloggers have tried to confirm that April 's liver transplant took place in Memphis , Tennessee , by tracking the movements of Jobs 's private plane .
They have also pored over records of property transactions near the Memphis hospital that specialises in such treatments , to identify the mansion house they believe he bought while preparing for and recovering from the operation .
Why go to such extraordinary lengths to find out information that Jobs clearly prefers to keep private ?
Why does his health matter so much to anyone other than himself and his close family and friends ?
Here 's a clue to the answer to those questions : Apple share prices .
When Jobs took over the company for the second time in 1996 its stock was trading at about $ 4 a share ; now it approaches $ 140 .
Or look at more micro movements .
When his six - month break was announced in January , share values plummeted to as low as $ 78.20 .
Even unfounded rumours about his health can move the markets : last December , Apple stock went up simply on unconfirmed reports that Jobs had been spotted looking well at his favourite frozen yoghurt outlet in Palo Alto .
On another occasion , an inaccurate blog report that he had suffered a heart attack depressed shares by more than 5 % .
Such figures , impressive though they are , are mere symptoms of the peculiar power of Steve Jobs ; they do not provide a diagnosis .
For that one has to look back into the cluttered garage of Jobs 's family home in California where , in 1976 , aged just 21 , he joined forces with Steve Wozniak to create their first personal computer .
They built 25 of the first Apple I prototype , with the help of an order from a local company , and within just four years had exploded from a garage industry into a major international technology giant .
Millions of words and a library full of books have been dedicated to trying to understand how Jobs did it .
But two characteristics stand out beyond all others .
First , Jobs is a man who does not suffer from self - doubt : everything he does is imbued with absolute self - confidence .
Second , he is obsessive about Apple and its products , which he engages with at a level of detail virtually unheard of among his fellow CEOs .
Rob Enderle , a technology analyst who has been covering Apple for more than two decades , says that Jobs has " redesigned Apple around him .
In any product , he 's involved from its first design stage to its final presentation . "
That attention to detail , Enderle says , includes coal - face negotiations with phone carriers and suppliers in which Jobs uses his legendary temper to scare other companies into submission .
Enderle tells the story of one firm that supplied a faulty computer chip to Apple .
Though the fault was Apple 's own , Jobs apparently insisted the supplier rebuilt the chip in an impossible 60 days , threatening never to work with them again if the deadline was missed .
" That 's the kind of thing that scares people to death .
They know that if you let him down you can lose your contract , your job or even your company , " Enderle says .
Jobs has a similar nerve - jangling reputation among Apple 's 35,000 employees .
Workers at the company 's Cupertino headquarters have a phrase - " being Steved " , meaning to be at the receiving end of his wrath .
" He uses fear more effectively than any CEO I 've ever seen , " Enderle says .
Leander Kahney runs an Apple analysis website , Cultofmac.com , and is author of Inside Steve 's Brain , which seeks to understand his creative genius .
He believes that since Jobs returned to Apple in 1996 , having resigned from his own creation 11 years previously , he has set out to remould it in his own image .
The new Apple bears the imprint of Jobs 's obsessiveness .
" When they take on a problem at Apple they discuss it from every possible angle until they have absolutely mastered it . "
Kahney points to a telling - and rare - anecdote from Jobs 's own private life .
A few years ago he needed to replace the family washer - dryer .
Where most people might go online and select a model that looked right for them , Jobs embarked on a two - week consultation process with his wife and children .
Every night around the dinner table they explored a different aspect of the ideal machine - how much water it used , its ecological footprint , its cleaning ability and how it impacted on clothes .
Then he went out and bought one of the most expensive German models .
Apple is sticking to that Big Brother mantra that Jobs will return later this month , though it adds that he may come back initially in a part - time capacity .
The question , though , is can the culture that he has created in his own image survive him ?
Other senior executives have been stepping up to the plate since Jobs 's enforced absence .
Tim Cook is widely tipped as a possible replacement as CEO .
He has run the show for the last few months , proving himself to be a diligent and safe pair of hands , but analysts wonder whether he lacks the creative spark that Jobs has had in abundance .
Last Friday 's launch of the latest iPhone was competent , but where was the magic ?
The same issue exists in reverse for Jonathan Ive , Apple 's legendary designer .
As a design artist he is unsurpassed , but he lacks the clout and the fear factor that Jobs uses to generate loyalty and drive results .
And then there 's that other overwhelming question , which has little bearing on Apple 's commercial future but has every bearing on Jobs 's personal prospects .
Why would someone facing the threat of cancer spreading from his pancreas to other organs want to bother with mere gadgetry any longer ?
Has n't he got bigger worries now on his mind than whizzbang phones ?
There is another clue here provided by a speech he gave in 2005 - just after his surgery for cancer - to a class of graduating students at Stanford .
He spent a third of the speech talking directly about death .
" Remembering I 'll be dead soon is the most important tool I 've ever encountered to help me make the big choices in life .
Remembering that you are going to die is the best way I know to avoid the trap of thinking you have something to lose .
You are already naked .
There is no reason not to follow your heart . "
In a few weeks ' time we will know - Big Brother permitting - the choice that Jobs has made this time round .
Given his record , it is a safe bet that he will yet again follow his heart .
And that his heart will be Apple .
Supreme leaders :
Other bosses who define their companies
Richard Branson / Virgin
Richard Branson is less businessman than publicity - seeking missile .
His stunts ( the boat racing , the balloon flights ) may be a way of getting cheap advertising for the Virgin group , but they also express a show - off streak .
He appears on TV , he blogs , he tweets - and in his spare time he starts up new businesses .
Virgin has begun more than 200 companies , doing everything from planes and trains to selling wine and offering flights into space .
Binding all these ventures together is nothing stronger than the company logo , and the always - smiling , ever - bearded Branson .
Oprah Winfrey ( various )
Of all the big egos on this list , Winfrey is surely the only one to have had an academic course created after her , at the University of Illinois : History 298 - Oprah Winfrey , the Tycoon .
Winfrey used the knockout ratings for her talk show to set up Harpo , her own production company .
She then began O , The Oprah Magazine - perhaps the most successful startup in the history of the magazine industry - and went into making TV films .
Winfrey claims to believe in management by instinct , and is so wary of investing in the share market that she once hoarded $ 50 m in cash .
Mukesh Ambani / Reliance
Mukesh Ambani is probably the wealthiest billionaire you 've never heard of .
He runs India 's largest private business , the Reliance conglomerate , which deals in everything from natural gas to Bollywood movies .
Mukesh and his younger brother Anil inherited the Reliance conglomerate from their father , but have since fallen out .
Easily the highest - profile businessman in India , Ambani is building in Mumbai what is reputed to be the priciest home in the world : 60 storeys high and worth $ 1bn .
Aditya Chakrabortty
One of the first things I do every time I set up a server is increase the timeout on the SSH timeout to a much higher value .
Nothing more annoying than when you go to refill your drink only to return to a dead session .
Increasing the timeout is quite simple :
On the server execute the following commands :
sudo pico
/etc/ssh/sshd_config
Look for TCPKeepAlive and make sure it is set to yes and add the following lines after it :
ClientAliveInterval 30 ClientAliveCountMax 1000
This will execute a “ keep alive ” command every 30 seconds and continue to do so 1000 times .
You can tweak these settings to suit your needs of course .
You will also need to restart your SSH server using the following command :
# /etc/init.d/ sshd restart
For more information on configuring SSH , just type man ssh .
By an eight - to - one verdict , the Supreme Court ruled Thursday morning that “ a school ’s strip search of an Arizona teenage girl accused of having prescription - strength ibuprofen was illegal , ” the Associated Press reports .
RAW STORY has more details here .
This video is from MSNBC ’s News Live , broadcast June 25 , 2009 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
ADVERTISEMENT
The long - held belief ( some call it a myth ) that homeownership is a sure - fire ticket to building wealth and equity might be changing , according to a recent survey from the National Foundation for Credit Counseling .
Nearly half of those surveyed no longer think owning a home is a realistic tool to build wealth .
Consider it a by - product of the ...
# 607291 +( 747 ) - [ X ] < Caskie >
Ive gotta try and write a 17 page letter , but i dont kno what to write
< Fletch >
Just write ' i am a fish ' 400 times
< Caskie ? no ! :P , thats a waste of paper
< Fletch >
Pfft , Im sick of people saying ' dont waste paper ' .
If trees wanted to live , they 'd all carry guns
MINGORA , Pakistan , May 3 ( Reuters ) - Pakistani Taliban have beheaded two government officials in the northwestern Swat Valley in revenge for the killing of two insurgent commanders by security forces , a militant spokesman said on Sunday .
Authorities struck a peace deal in February aimed at ending militant violence in the former tourist valley of Swat but the militants have refused to disarm and pushed out of the valley into neighbouring districts .
The Pakistani Taliban aggression raised alarm in the United States and in Islamabad , and a week ago the security forces launched an offensive to expel militants from two of Swat 's neighbouring districts .
The two government officials were kidnapped and beheaded on Saturday evening in Khuwaza Kheil , a village 18 km ( 10 miles ) north of the valley 's main town of Mingora , said town police chief Danishwar Khan .
Their bodies were dumped beside a road .
" They beheaded the officers .
We 've sent an ambulance to pick up the bodies , " Khan said .
Militant spokesman Muslim Khan said the beheadings were revenge for the killing of two low - level Taliban commanders earlier on Saturday .
The U.S. State Department said last week the number of people killed in terrorist attacks in nuclear - armed Pakistan last year rose by more than 70 percent over the 2007 figure .
The violence has raised fears for the prospects of the vital U.S. ally in its efforts to stabilise neighbouring Afghanistan .
President Asif Ali Zardari will meet U.S. President Barack Obama and Afghan counterpart Hamid Karzai in Washington on May 6 - 7 to discuss how to destroy al Qaeda and Taliban sanctuaries on the Pakistani - Afghan border [ ID : nISL219917 ] .
Obama said last week the situation in Pakistan warranted " grave concern " [ ID : nSP437584 ] .
A U.S. official said on Thursday the United States and Pakistan would likely discuss stepping up U.S. training for Pakistani security forces during Zardari 's visit .
The army launched an offensive to clear militants from the Dir and Buner districts after U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton accused the government of abdicating to the Taliban .
[ ID :nSP437584 ] .
More than 170 militants have been killed since the offensive was launched on April 26 , according to the military .
There has been no independent confirmation of the military 's casualty reports .
( Writing by Kamran Haider ; Editing by Robert Birsel and Jerry Norton )
Rivals on the GOP re-branding tour
They “ hate ” and “ despise ” the Alaska governor , Limbaugh said , and the “ listening tour ” is nothing more than “ an early campaign event ” for the presidential elections of 2012 .
He went on to call Palin “ the most prominent and articulate voice ” for American conservatism .
Limbaugh , then , presented himself as Palin ’s bodyguard , and attacked her potential rivals for the GOP ’s presidential nomination in 2012 ( or after ) .
Both Jeb Bush and Mitt Romney were blasted by the conservative talk radio hurricane .
“ They want you to forget about Reagan , ” Limbaugh said in response to Bush ’s remark that conservatives have to stop hoping for something that once was , and look towards the future instead .
But Romney is drawing more attention for what he said about Alaska Governor Sarah Palin , the GOP vice presidential candidate last year and a possible competitor for the 2012 nomination .
On CNN on Sunday , Romney was asked about Time magazine including only two high - profile Republicans -- Palin and radio talk show host Rush Limbaugh -- on its list of " The World 's Most Influential People . "
" I think there are a lot more influential Republicans than that would suggest , " Romney said .
" But was that the issue on the most beautiful people , or the most influential people ? " he continued .
" I 'm not sure .
If it 's the most beautiful , I understand .
We 're not real cute . "
“ I am a Christian , and I am a model .
Models pose for pictures , including lingerie and swimwear photos .
Recently , photos taken of me as a teenager have been released surreptitiously to a tabloid Web site that openly mocks me for my Christian faith .
I am not perfect , and I will never claim to be . ”
... Although Prejean said the pictures were taken when she was 17 , others have alleged that they seem to have been taken after she underwent breast - enhancement surgery six weeks prior to the Miss USA pageant .
That surgery was paid for by the Miss California pageant .
Rush Limbaugh does n't get much right but when he 's barking about GOP inside baseball he knows what he 's talking about .
He 's been dismissive of the Republican insiders rebranding tour -- never an admirer of voter participation in governance , he says its a waste of time to talk to common people -- but now he really has something to use to rile up the dittoheads : Jeb Bush , Eric Cantor , Mitt Romney and the rest of the insiders hate Sarah Palin -- and for the same reasons the libruls do .
Willard fundamentally disagrees with Limbaugh on the listening session stunts .
Straying from right wing doctrine , he offered the bold assertion that " Listening to people can make a difference .
" Actually in 2002 Romney was the only non-entertainment figure who made it tomagazine 's " 50 most beautiful " list ( at # 44 ) , beating out Debra Messing , Jill Hennessy and Rashida Jones , though not in the same league as Jennifer Aniston , Halle Berry , and Cindy Crawford .
Romney 's campaigns have always tried to substitute the votes of smitten women for what he loses from people who wo n't vote for the ... well , you know ... the Mormon thing .
And why will he do so well with the gals ?
Well , he always has .
In fact in 2002 , when he was running for governor of Massachusetts , he did an ad strolling down the beach shirtless -- which I guess he equates with Sarah Palin shooting wolves with an AK - 47 out of a helicopter .
But it goes beyond that .
His 2007 campaign worked to further exploit what they call his " sensational good looks . " :
" In this media - driven age , Romney begins with a decisive advantage .
First , he has sensational good looks .
magazine named him one of the 50 most beautiful people in America .
Standing 6 feet , 2 inches tall , Romney has jet - black hair , graying naturally at the temples .
Women -- who will play a critical role in this coming election -- have a word for him : hot . "
And it was n't even just Ann Coulter and other Republican women who were drooling .
Gay GOP hearts were all aflutter over all 6 ' 2 " of shirtless Willard too .
Jim McCrery ( R - LA ) and Denny Hastert ( R - IL ) , two fine Republican closet queens , were all goo - gah over Mitt .
He was always terrible on women 's issues and even worse on gay rights but his condescending campaign staff thought gays and women were so shallow that they 'd vote for him because ... he has nice teeth ?
I guess he does n't like the competition from Palin .
Others think both Palin and Romney should just give it up already and make room for the new superstar in the Republican Party firmament , Carrie Prejean , the homophobic warrior du jour and sore loser in this year 's Miss America pageant .
In fact the same dribbling perverts who were so excited about Palin will really be able to get behind Prejean -- especially now that her Christian beavershots are showing up all over the Internet .
She says the nudes were taken when she was just a child and that she will redouble her efforts to spread hatred , divisiveness , bigotry and the rest of her bizarre interpretation of Jesus ' religion .
She claims that everybody does those kinds of photos , although the judges say they go beyond what 's permitted and would have disqualified her from competing in the Miss California pageant if she had been honest about her activities .
Labels : Limbaugh , Mitt Romney
“ Because federal law does n’t recognize gay marriage , Wrigley and other same - sex couples pay taxes on their SU benefits , healthcare and tuition costs , unlike their heterosexual married colleagues . [… ]
To combat this inequality , SU may consider providing what ’s called “ grossing up ” to its employees .
The university would pay Wrigley and other same - sex couples more to make up for the extra government taxes .
This would ensure all employees pay the same amount for the same coverage .
A movement to guarantee equal benefits for all couples at SU began approximately three years ago through the Lesbian , Gay , Bisexual and Transgender Concerns Committee in the University Senate , SU ’s governing body of faculty and staff .
But gay partners still pay more for their benefits today , despite the committee ’s lobbying .
SU also requires heterosexual couples to be legally married to receive any benefits . ” [ Daily Orange ]
Email accounts are constantly at risk .
New measures of security could involve your friends and relatives .
( image : Dan Mulligan / stock xchng )
What ’s your secret question ?
Your mother ’s maiden name ?
Your first pet ?
For many people , facts like these are all that protect their email and other accounts should they forget their password .
Now a new study ( pdf ) by researchers at Microsoft Research in Redmond , Washington , US , reveals just how easy the answers of such security questions are for other people to guess .
Acquaintances of 32 webmail users – people with whom they would not normally share their login details – were asked to try and guess the answers users assigned to protect their accounts .
The volunteers managed to guess correctly nearly a fifth of the time , raising questions over how secure the commonly used system is .
Advertisement
However , a second Microsoft study suggests a more secure alternative : relying on trusted friends to vouch for you if an account becomes locked .
Skeleton key
Securing webmail is important because email accounts typically allow an attacker access to other accounts , for example , eBay and Amazon , points out Ross Anderson , a security engineer from Cambridge University , UK , because it is possible to request password reminders that will be sent to the compromised account .
“ If I can recover these passwords via your email account then I can spend the balance of your credit card on flat - screen TVs , ” he says .
Hackers can break open webmail accounts by guessing the password .
However , many providers , including the four biggest in AOL , Google , Microsoft , and Yahoo , use secret questions to trigger a password reset , something that let a hacker compromise the Yahoo account of US vice presidential hopeful Sarah Palin last year .
Trusted friends
Under the new system proposed by Stuart Schechter and Rob Reeder at Microsoft , users select several “ trustees ” .
If a user becomes locked out of their account their trustees receive a message asking them to download a “ recovery code . ”
The user must collect codes from multiple trustees to unlock their account .
A group of 19 Hotmail users trialed the system and 17 successfully regained access to their Hotmail account .
That 90 - per-cent success rate compares favourably to 80 - per-cent success rate of the standard secret question system , say Schechter and Reeder .
In the trial , most users recovered their accounts within two days .
However , when the researchers got users ’ acquaintances to ask the trustees to give up the codes , many of them did so .
Reeder says this attack could be avoided by getting account holders to advise trustees of their role in advance .
In the trial , trustees simply received an email containing the code out of the blue .
References required
Rather than replacing the standard secret questions approach , the new method should be an optional choice for users , says Anderson , who agrees that it is important to train trustees to be appropriately security conscious .
But the idea has promise , says Reeder , pointing out that it is not a new idea to have people use third parties to back up their identity .
“ When I opened my first bank account , in the early 70s , I had to provide three references , ” he says .
The two Microsoft papers were presented at the Security and Human Behaviour conference at MIT , Massachusetts , US , last week .
Internet users in China are planning a day - long boycott in protest against the country 's controversial new filtering system .
Protestors are calling on users in China to log off the internet on 1 July to register their disapproval of the Green Dam tool .
The Chinese government is mandating that all computers sold in the country be bundled with the software .
While the government and the software company behind Green Dam claim that the tool can be disabled and is intended only to filter out pornographic content , critics have charged that it will allow the state to gain tighter control on user access and more closely monitor their activity .
According to Reuters , the protest is being lead by architect Ai Weiwei , a noted critic of the Chinese government .
Ai is said to be organising the boycott as a way for citizens to show their opposition without the risk of government retaliation .
The protest is the latest in what has been an ongoing battle over Green Dam .
While human rights groups have criticised the tool as government censorship , the business community has raised fears of legal wrangling and export issues stemming from the software 's alleged use of stolen intellectual property .
This document describes the Safari 4 Public Beta Security Update .
For the protection of our customers , Apple does not disclose , discuss , or confirm security issues until a full investigation has occurred and any necessary patches or releases are available .
To learn more about Apple Product Security , see the Apple Product Security website .
For information about the Apple Product Security PGP Key , see " How to use the Apple Product Security PGP Key . "
Where possible , CVE IDs are used to reference the vulnerabilities for further information .
To learn about other Security Updates , see " Apple Security Updates . "
A whole lot of nothing
Another repost , this time from last year when Peter Davies was elected Mayor of Doncaster .
I ’ve noticed this is being linked to a lot , so here it is
( Update ( 12.06.2009 ) : I ’ve had an email from Toby Foster ’s brother , who ’s pointed out that where I originally transcripted Toby as saying “ About right ” , he actually says “ Well that ’s bright ” .
I ’ve updated the transcript to that effect )
Today is Doncaster ’s brand - spanking - new Mayor ‘s first day on the job , and his first engagement of the day was an interview with BBC Radio Sheffield ‘s Toby Foster .
I hope Mayor Davies did n’t think he was in for an easy ride for his first official interview , because that ’s not what he got .
Over the course of seven and a half minutes , Toby Foster took Mr Davies ’ election manifesto and pulled it apart , pointing out that he does n’t know what ‘ PC jobs ’ there are in the council ( Mr Davies ’ reply being “ the things that are usually advertised in the [ …] Guardian ” ) , that he ca n’t cut translation services for non-English speakers ( Toby Foster : “ It ’s more than likely illegal , is n’t it ? ” .
Peter Davies : “ I dunno ” ) , and that he has n’t even though of the possible benefits of funding minority events such as the Gay Pride march ( when asked how much money went to funding it , he replies “ Have n’t got a clue , I have n’t looked into … I have n’t got the details ” ) .
On top of this , he admits that his cuts will mean job losses – which I ’m sure the electorate of Doncaster will be happy to hear .
Click here for BBC ’s Listen Again ( at about the 1hr 57 min mark ) , or here for just the interview ( which I hope the BBC wo n’t mind me putting here ) .
For those who ca n’t listen to the interview , I ’ve transcribed the whole thing below .
( from BBC Radio Sheffield , 8th June 2009 )
Toby Foster ( BBC Radio Sheffield ) :
Thanks very much for joining us .
I said that we did n’t see it coming – did you see it coming ?
Did you expect to win ?
Peter Davies :
Well , well not really .
A great friend of mine told me the night before I was going to get a great shock , and that I would win .
I was thinking of saving the deposit at the time .
TF : I can imagine .
What was it you think that made people vote for you ?
PD : Well we were the only party who gave a distinctive agenda to the electorate .
All the others talked waffle .
I looked at all the leaflets , I could n’t make anything of them all , they were all the same .
TF : You did give a distinctive agenda , you ’re absolutely right , you made some real points on that .
Let ’s just have a look – let ’s have a look at them shall we ?
The first one of course I think ’s an easy one – you ’re going to cut the mayor ’s salary .
PD : That ’s the first thing this morning
TF : Down to £ 30,000 a year .
Now , some people could look at that Peter and say , well , you get more than that for running a supermarket these days .
Surely a council deserves … a bit more respect ?
PD : No , the council deserves somebody who ’s going to run it properly , and it deserves somebody who ’s prepared to give their services partly free , in a sense – at one time all local government councillors did all the free , er , it ’s become a gravy train and I ’m not prepared to be part of that .
TF : So what about the people who work for you ?
The deputy mayor , other people in the departments – are you cutting their wages as well ?
PD : Er , well , I ’ve discussed that with - , well not - not the people in the departments , I can ’t- I ’ve no control over what they ’ve been given , but the deputy mayor and the rest of the cabinet will discuss that at , at the earliest opportunity .
TF : Well , you say you ’ve no control over people in the departments , one of the big things on your campaign was that you ’re going to cut ‘ PC jobs ’ .
PD : Oh yeah , that ’s a different thing altogether , er-
TF : Which jobs are those ?
PD : Well , er , I ’m going to look into that .
Things like Diversity Officers , er , the things that are usually advertised in the Manchester - , well , it ’s not the Manchester Guardian now – in the Guardian …
TF : Right , so have - , so , so hang on , so so there are politically …
PD : I mean , I ca n’t give you a full list at the moment , but I will …
TF : But that ’s what you put on your manifesto – you must have had an idea on your manifesto what you were talking about ?
PD : Yeah , yeah , all these people who are , sort of , controlling thought processes and this sort of thing , and er , erm … every department is riddled with this sort of nonsense these days .
TF : So currently then , this morning , Doncaster Council is riddled with people who are , who are doing this kind of nonsense , ah… and they ’re on notice , are they ?
People are going to lose their jobs ?
PD : Er , very likely .
TF : But we do n’t know who they are , yeah ?
But certainly Diversity Officers …
PD : Obviously I… I ’m… well , that sort of thing , yes .
TF : So , the Diversity Officer who ’s getting ready for work this morning at Doncaster might as well not bother ?
PD : Well , he ’s … he ’s in employment at the moment …
TF : But he wo n’t be for long ?
PD : … I think , I think we ought to be talking about what we ’re going to do sort of , er , now and , er , what I ’ve discovered – that might be a more fruitful discussion .
TF : Well , I mean … these are the reasons people voted for you .
Very bold points , as you said .
Er , you ’re going to cut translation services for non-English speakers – that ’s a very bold point .
It ’s more than likely illegal , is n’t it ?
PD : I dunno… again , I ’ve got to find this out .
It ’s -
TF : Well it is – let me tell you it is , under the European Court of Human Rights it ’s illegal .
PD : - Well , well , well let … we ’ll look into this – we ’re getting council ’s opinion on what I can do and what I ca n’t do , and that ’s …
TF : No , no , you said in your manifesto you would definitely do it .
PD : Yeah , well , I… well , I , er , if , if somebody comes in the way and stops me doing these things , then that is an insult to democracy .
TF : So what was the point of your manifesto ?
You might as well have said you were going to fly to the moon if you ’re just going to say now that you ca n’t do it .
PD : No , look …
I ’m going to do my best to do it .
If I can ’t , I shall tell the electorate why I ’ve not been able to do it , and who ’s stood in the way of it .
The -
TF : Well , the law ’s standing in the way of it .
PD : - Just a minute , just a minute .
The electorate clearly want me to do that .
The law needs changing , then , does n’t it ?
TF : Well , you say the law needs changing -
PD : If we get a new government , then we might get rid of some of this ludicrous legislation , and be able to run our own country again .
TF : Okay , now you ’re going to cut the number of councillors from 60 to 20 .
PD : That is another difficulty , and the first -
TF : Ca n’t do it , can you ?
PD : Er , well , we can appeal to their moral consciences -
TF : So you ca n’t do it , can you ?
PD : Look , you keep telling me what I ca n’t do .
I ’ll find out what I ca n’t do , and if I ca n ’t do -
TF : You are finding out now , I ’m telling you , Peter , you ca n’t do it .
You ’d have thought you ’d have thought of this before you started .
PD : This is quite a pointless discussion .
Completely pointless .
TF : Why ?
PD : Well – I ’m sitting here telling you what I want to do , you ’re telling me I ca n’t do it .
I ’ll find out – not from you , from other people – if I can do it or not .
TF : Why did n’t you look at to see -
PD : That ’s where we go .
And then we tell the electorate what ’s going on .
TF : Why did n’t you look to see if you could do it before you asked people to vote on it ?
PD : Because people want this to happen .
And it ’s time we -
TF : We all want free speech , Peter , but why did n’t you look into it to see if it could happen before you asked 14,000 people to vote on it ?
You know what ’s going to happen – they got upset with the political processes in Doncaster before , they disliked Martin Winter .
You ’ve come along , you ’ve waved this flag , knowing you ca n’t back any of it up and they ’ve voted for you .
How are they going to feel when they realise they ’ve been hoodwinked ?
PD : They ’ve not been hoodwinked , I ’m a man of my word , and I shall do everything that I can to put this into practice .
And that is something that Doncaster ’s not had before .
TF : You ’re going to cut the Gay Pride funding .
PD : Yep .
TF : Erm , how much did Doncaster Council fund Gay Pride ?
PD : Have n’t got a clue , I have n’t looked into …
I have n’t got the details , I… I have n’t even started -
TF : Well that ’s bright , is n’t it ?
So how much did … how much was it worth to Doncaster ?
PD : How…er , what ?
TF : The Gay Pride march .
8,000 people in town for a day .
PD : I do n’t know .
They can still come .
There ’s nobody stopping them coming .
TF : So you do n’t know what it costs , you do n’t know what it earns , but you ’re banning it ?
PD : I ’m saying that … hard - pressed taxpayers money should not be spent on promoting any type of sexuality whether it ’s straight or gay .
TF : But for all you - , but for all you know it could be making a fortune for the town – you do n’t know , you ’ve not even looked at it .
PD : Well , it , er… it may , it may or it may not , I ’m telling you what I ’m not doing , and again it was on the manifesto , it was quite clear people appeared to like what I was saying .
TF : Yeah , but the stuff on the manifesto we ’ve already realised – you ca n’t do anything about it .
PD : I think it ’s time we finished this interview , it ’s quite pointless .
I ’ve … I… It ’s really wasted …
I wanted to say a few things this morning that might have been -
TF : Tell me what you want to say .
PD : … that people might have wanted to listen to .
TF : Tell me what you want to say .
PD : Well , I wanted to point out that this morning I was going to , er , see that two social workers were returned to the childrens hospital , er , which were taken away some time ago for some unaccountable reason .
I was going to say we ’re getting rid of Doncaster News at the earliest opportunity , and I also wanted to point out that this very weekend I ’ve discovered that Doncaster is twinned with nine separate towns , er , that the Mayor … the ex-Mayor had a car , for what reason I do n’t know .
It ’s quite reasonable that the Civic Mayor has a car , but why the elected Mayor has one , God only knows , er , and it looks to me like a Daily Telegraph moment , where I shall be discovering things every day that , er , can be got rid of .
TF : Okay … none of that really means anything , does it ?
Let ’s have a look at Doncaster News .
You ’re getting rid of Doncaster News , that ’s a , er , flyer … er , paper that goes to every home in the borough is n’t it , to tell them what you ’re doing ?
PD : Well , it was to distort … er , what Mayor Winter was doing , yes .
TF : So now you ’re stopping communication with the people of Doncaster ?
PD : No – communication will be through the Doncaster Free Press , though Radio Sheffield if we can get some sensible interviews -
TF : Heh .
PD : - and , er , the free newspapers .
TF : So the people who work on Doncaster News , then , are they out of work as well ?
PD : I do n’t know , I do n’t …
I , I , do n’t know what their full …
I ’ve … I… I ’ve not even got … been in the office yet , I ’ve … I ’ve not even -
TF : This is the problem , is n’t it -
PD : - had the briefing from the Chief Executive -
TF : You actually do n’t understand the laws , you do n’t understand -
PD : Okay , I ’m stopping this interview , it ’s a complete waste of time , er , you ’re not asking any sensible questions , and er , I really do n’t want to continue .
TF : Peter , all I ’m asking is how you ’re going to deliver on your election manifesto ?
> Silence <
TF : Well , I can assure you , that ’s going to be one of the easiest he gets .
ANCHORAGE  Defense Secretary Robert M. Gates runs the most powerful military in the world , but his six - day trip to Asia and Alaska this past week proved how much remains out of his control .
Not only did he have to respond to the unpredictable nuclear theatrics of North Korea  a country senior Defense Department officials routinely describe as not of this planet  but he also was grounded by days of repairs to his plane , which is built to withstand a nuclear blast but not , it turns out , a broken wing flap .
From the top of a hotel crammed with Asian generals in a steamy Singapore to the bottom of a missile silo in sub-Arctic Alaska , Mr. Gates took a tough line in public on North Korea and a tough line in private on the Air Force , which provides the maintenance crew for his plane .
In both cases , senior defense officials said it was hard to know what was actually going on .
North Korea , of course , presented the greater strategic implications .
Its nuclear test on May 25 , days before the major security conference that Mr. Gates attended in Singapore , woke up the clutch of defense intellectuals and , for the most part , hardened views toward the regime .
PHOENIX ( Fortune ) --
Did you happen to see the latest home - price stats from S&P / Case - Shiller , or did you avert your eyes ?
Here 's what struck me :
As of March 2009 , every metro area in Case - Shiller 's 20 - city index , without exception , has fallen double digits from its peak .
Ten are down more than 30 % .
Eight have dropped more than 40 % .
Las Vegas is down 50 % .
Phoenix ?
It does n't get any worse than Phoenix .
According to Case - Shiller , between June 2006 and March 2009 the average house in Phoenix lost a staggering 53 % of its value .
Possibly during the Great Depression , but almost certainly at no time since then , have house prices in a major metropolitan area fallen by more than half .
It 's almost unbelievable .
Brother , tell me you did n't buy a house during the boom in Phoenix !
I 've been to Phoenix twice in the past six months to look at real estate .
The first time , in November , I squeezed into a crowded white stretch limo and rode around town all day looking at foreclosures on a tour led by an energetic realtor who wore Chanel sunglasses .
Time to buy , she assured us , and who could argue ?
Prices had come way down .
When I went back in May , however , prices were still going down .
And while the pace of home sales had picked up , nobody I talked to was ready to call a bottom - not with any conviction anyway .
" I think if we reach our toe down , we can kind of feel the bottom , " real estate investment adviser Robin Reed , president of ProEquity Management in Scottsdale , told me over lunch at a strip - mall bistro on my first day in town , " but we ca n't rest solidly on it yet . "
My focus on this trip was a little different .
I was looking at places where retired people live .
I wondered about the specific impact of the bust in those places :
How have homeowners fared during the downturn ?
What are the prospects for newcomers who might want to buy now ?
To be blunt , are there screaming bargains to be had ?
Here are the short answers : Retirement communities in and around Phoenix got smacked ( " same as other places , " says Reed ; " it 's real estate " ) but , in a surprising twist , not as violently as the broader market ; the price drops were less dramatic and there have n't been nearly as many foreclosures .
Is it a good time to buy ?
Yes .
Will you find a screaming bargain ?
You might , if you 're patient and alert to the peculiar inefficiencies of the retirement market ( more on that later ) , but not as easily as you could elsewhere in Phoenix .
That 's okay , by the way .
Too many bargains implies a market defined , historically , by too much volatility and pain .
You do n't need that when you retire .
Phoenix is where the seemingly oxymoronic concept of an active retirement was born nearly half a century ago .
Today it 's famous for its many acres of planned , age - restricted communities built around golf courses , swimming pools , and artificial lakes , where property taxes are low because there are n't any schools ( there are n't any kids ) , yard work is a breeze ( yards are all gravel ) , and street - legal golf carts serve as second cars .
The granddaddy of Arizona retirement meccas and the first development of its kind anywhere in the country , Sun City , turns 50 next year .
It was built by the legendary Del Webb , a hard - drinking , nonsmoking former owner of the New York Yankees who made his fortune building military bases ( and a Japanese internment camp ) in the Southwest during World War II , and later Minutemen missile silos in Kansas and Montana , a 30,000 - acre housing development for NASA workers in Houston , the Beverly Hilton , and several Las Vegas casinos .
Bob Hope , Bing Crosby , and Howard Hughes were among his pals .
Sun City was a big hit from the day it opened , Friday , Jan. 1 , 1960 .
In its first weekend , according to an account in Time , Webb sold 272 of the " neat and gay pastel houses " at prices ranging from $ 8,750 for two bedrooms to $ 11,600 for three bedrooms and two baths .
Phase one was completed in the '60s , phase two in the ' 70s , phase three in the ' 80s , block after block of new construction displacing irrigated fields of grapes and cotton , gaily marching north up the valley .
In the '90s came Sun City West , Sun City Grand , Corte Bella ( that one 's gated ) , and just in the past couple of years , Sun City Festival , which sits 10 miles beyond the western limits of developed greater Phoenix in a dusty , whistling wasteland at the base of the White Tank Mountains .
Today more than 100,000 people live in the combined Sun Cities , on curvy , desert - landscaped streets , interlaced with close - cropped fairways and dotted with lakes and bustling rec centers ( supported by a modest annual assessment ) where residents , when they 're not golfing , can swim , bowl , play shuffleboard , and make pottery and stained - glass trinkets .
You ( or your roommate ) must be at least 55 years old to live here .
Children under 19 can visit , but they can't stay longer than three months .
The newer the development , the nicer the homes , the classier the amenities , the more you 'll pay .
( Every house gets garbage pickup twice a week ; not all come with fancy granite countertops . )
If you 're prepared to spend nearly $ 1 million , you can have two bedrooms , a patio suitable for a presidential fundraiser , and a stunning fairway vista in Sun City Grand .
Farther south in phase one , meanwhile , just over $ 100,000 buys a cozy cottage on 107th Avenue that 's walking distance from the Sun Bowl amphitheater , which hosts free outdoor concerts in the spring and fall .
Reed had warned me at lunch that given the economic downturn , the mood in Sun City might be grim .
" It 's one thing to be 40 or 50 and know that you 've got 10 years for the thing to turn back around , and that in the meantime you can go out into the job market , you can do something , " he said .
" People in their sixties and seventies really can't do that .
They 're feeling a despair right on the heels of what previously had been kind of a wisdom - ' We 've been here before , we know how to batten down the hatches . '
For them it was never about consumption .
But they did expect their savings to be savings and their investments to be investments and their pensions to be pensions .
It went from wisdom to concern and then , in some cases , outright fear . "
That may be true for retirees in general , but inside the walls that surround places like Sun City the impact of the downturn is muted .
At the Sun City Visitors Center on the corner of 99th and Bell , I meet volunteer greeter Bill Burt , 76 .
He is n't grim at all .
Red - faced and barrel - chested , with a shock of salt - white hair sprinkled with pepper , Burt grew up driving a cotton picker in fields not far from where he now lives .
He was a " blood banker " when he still worked , he says , building and managing blood donation centers all around the country .
Ten years ago he came home .
Burt and his wife bought a duplex condominium in an older section of Sun City .
Two years later , in 2001 , they sold at a small loss and traded up to a nearby duplex on a lake for $ 161,000 .
Then came the boom .
By 2005 , if we can believe Zillow.com , the Burts ' house was worth more than $ 300,000 .
And today ?
Zillow says $ 173,000 , or 40 % below its peak .
Burt just grins and shrugs .
It was only a paper gain ; now it 's a paper loss from that high .
Meaningless , in other words , unless he decides to sell , which he has no intention of doing .
He 's happy , his wife 's happy .
His only regret is that he did n't move to Sun City 10 years earlier .
" When people leave here , they usually go out in a box , " Burt says .
" Or they 've been cremated , you know .
They go out in a bottle . "
According to the latest MLS data , Sun City , while definitely hurting , is a lot better off than its neighbors .
The median sales price in April for a single - family dwelling in surrounding Maricopa County ( Arizona 's populous region that includes Phoenix , Mesa , and Scottsdale ) was $ 125,000 , down from $ 230,000 a year ago .
That 's 46 % in 12 months .
Ouch .
In Sun City during the same period , home prices fell just 24 % .
What 's killing Maricopa County is foreclosures .
Even as home sales rise , cheap , bank - owned properties are flooding the market : 1,042 in April alone , plus 8,396 new pre-foreclosures , where the borrower has stopped paying and the eviction process is underway .
Foreclosures during the same month in Sun City ?
Six , representing an infinitesimal one - hundredth of 1 % of Sun City 's single - family homes .
Fewer foreclosures equals greater stability .
It 's a pattern that seems to play out nationally .
While there 's been little research on how retirement markets have fared specifically , experts say that the same profile - minimal foreclosures , less severe price drops - is true of retirement communities across the country ( for more examples , see our gallery of deals across the nation ) .
Says Bill Ness , founder of the retirement website 55 places.com : " It is a common understanding among most agents that real estate values have held up better in active adult communities than in other non-age - restricted communities . "
There could be a simple explanation for this :
Old people are n't as stupid and greedy as young people are .
Or maybe they 're just not as stupid and greedy as they were when they themselves were younger .
" By the time you 're retired , " says Phil Andrews , 85 , a Vietnam vet and 10 - year resident of Sun City West , " you 've got a little bit of sense about buying a house .
You 're not going to buy one you can't pay for . "
It 's true .
Ask the local realtors about the exotic variable - rate mortgages that suckered so many younger homebuyers into borrowing more than they could ever hope to repay , and they just shake their heads ; not in Sun City .
In fact an astonishing 61 % of Sun City residents have no mortgage at all .
Bob Bleasdell , for example .
He 's a 73 - year - old retired obstetrician who lives in Sun City Grand .
The night before the full moon in May , Bleasdell and I sit talking for an hour on his patio at dusk while he smokes a $ 5 cigar .
" I retired in 1995 at 61 , " Bleasdell says .
" If you 're going to retire early , you can't have a lot of wives you 're paying , you sure as hell can't have kids in college , and you can't have a lot of debt .
You gotta get your debt down , get your bills paid , pay for your car .
And then when hard times come , you do n't participate .
My IRA 's down 40 % ; I do n't sell it . "
Bleasdell and his wife paid $ 220,000 for their house in 2003 .
Two years later they might have been able to sell it for $ 400,000 , but why would they do that ?
Bleasdell likes it here , enjoys sitting outside in sandals and shorts under a soft blue blanket of sky by a blooming palo verde tree , listening to the quail and the doves , calling out to neighbors as they pass .
He plays golf three days a week , with three different foursomes , rotating among four different courses , none of which takes more than five minutes to get to in a golf cart he parks in its own little garage .
Bleasdell says he has no idea what his house is worth today , and furthermore , he does n't care .
His kids might care someday , he allows , but that 's neither here nor there .
" We do n't owe 'em anything , " he says .
" I helped buy a house for my daughter .
I take my son on fishing trips up to British Columbia .
I 've done enough for them .
If they get anything out of us , it 's just a bonus .
Do n't count on it . "
Next day I 'm driving around the nicest parts of Sun City with realtor Renee Chipules , trying to get a feel for what 's out there .
First - quarter sales were down slightly this year , Chipules says , in stark contrast with the rest of Maricopa County , where sales were up 79 % .
One reason for that we already know : Sun City does n't have nearly as many foreclosures , which tempt investors and first - time homebuyers with irresistible discounts and are fueling a sharp rebound in sales in some parts of the country .
But there 's also the ripple effect .
No one has to move to a retirement community ; when people can't sell their houses back home , they tend to stay put .
" It used to be the case that people would come in , buy the house they liked , and feel confident that when they went home their house would sell within 60 or 90 days , " Chipules says .
Now they 're waiting for their homes to sell before plunking down for another .
Chipules and other realtors I spoke to think there 's a huge , pent - up demand for retirement homes .
Once the market recovers nationally , the argument goes , Sun City and other places like it will get a big bump , especially as the coming wave of baby boomers starts to retire .
Chipules shows me three houses - similar sizes ( about 3,000 square feet ) , similar layouts ( two or three bedrooms , all on one floor ) , similar amenities ( marble everywhere , hot tubs , curved - glass showers ) , all of them situated directly on or within sight of a golf course .
But the asking prices are all over the map : $ 425,000 in Sun City West , $ 699,000 in Corte Bella , and $ 949,000 in Sun City Grand .
Why the disparity ?
Well , for the one in Grand , it could be the fairway view ; it truly is spectacular .
" What 's going to happen with that particular piece of property , " says Sun City realtor Norm Brenna , who knows the house , " it 's going to be somebody who pays cash , and it 's going to be somebody who walks in and says , ' This is me , here 's my money . '
That 's where that 's going to sell . "
Still , if this one sells for anything close to what the current owners are asking , it would be shocking ; they paid $ 895,000 near the peak in April 2007 .
The one in Corte Bella ?
Possibly it 's overpriced , even fully furnished .
Its owners paid $ 491,000 in June 2006 , so they'd be making money too .
Not likely , says Brenna : " Everybody I 've been involved with over there wants to list way more than they can currently get . "
That 's why things are slow , he says .
" If you watch the listings over there , when they sell , they definitely come down in price . "
And Sun City West for $ 425,000 ?
A bargain , Chipules believes .
Priced to sell at two - thirds of its peak value in late 2007 .
But the current owner was there long before the big run-up in prices ; she 's got other houses , and she just wants her equity .
Sure enough , after 12 days on the market , she gets an offer at asking price , sale pending .
All of this , says Chipules , is evidence of a turbulent and inefficient market .
No one really knows what anything is worth anymore .
Some sellers appear to be kidding themselves , even now , though a patient , sober buyer will indeed find bargains , even screamers .
( Here 's a tip : Heirs are motivated sellers .
Says resident Tom Mays : " The kids , they 'll probably accept the first offer that comes , just to get out . " )
But do n't get too excited .
Excitement is over in real estate .
On the other hand , if you 're thinking about moving soon to Sun City or someplace like it , you 're in luck .
You wo n't have any trouble finding a terrific house , and it should n't cost you nearly as much as it would have just a couple of years ago .
Congratulations .
WASHINGTON — Californians can expect “ drastic cuts ” in education , health care and law enforcement , Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger said Wednesday after voters rejected a series of ballot measures designed to reduce those cuts .
“ We heard the voice of the voters loud and clear , and they want us to go all out and make those cuts ” to close a $ 21.3 billion budget shortfall through the middle of next year , the governor said .
“ You try not to make cuts that you feel would be devastating to some people , but now we have to do that , ” he added .
Schwarzenegger finished a two - day trip to Washington and headed back to Sacramento to meet with legislative leaders to deal with the latest state budget crisis .
The governor ’s trip was marked by highs and lows .
A White House event Tuesday celebrated new national vehicle emissions standards that was a victory for California , but the failure of the budget initiatives backed by the governor made his request for federal help more urgent .
He met with Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius , seeking a waiver that would allow the state to make cuts in the Medi-Cal program without losing federal matching funds .
The governor said Sebelius pledged to work with the state on “ flexibilities ” to help California and not lose federal funding .
Schwarzenegger said the ballot measures failed mainly because people were tired of special elections , and their attitude toward state leaders was simple : “ Do n’t come to us with your problems . ”
“ The majority of people who came up to me did n’t complain so much about certain issues , ” Schwarzenegger said at a press conference .
“ They just said , ‘ Why are you bothering me again ?
I mean , I ’m busy .
You take care of it .
You guys are sent to Sacramento to take care of those problems . ’ “
He also said many people do n’t know where to make cuts in state services , but they expect their leaders to make those decisions .
The governor , who came to power in a special election , said : “ If you look at the history of special elections , it appears they do n’t work . ”
Contact Frank Davies at fdavies@mercurynews.com or 202-662-8921 .
Beer Belly Builder
A forum designated for beer lovers , where any brew can be discussed , criticized , celebrated , mocked ... etc .
Solar Insulating Window Film : Quick Savings Tip
One of the easiest and most cost effective ways to save big on your energy bills is to apply solar control or insulating window film .
It can be pleasant to have full light come into your home , a major reason we have windows .
The biggest drawback to allowing unfiltered sun light into your home is that it can increase your energy bills .
During the winter , light does not provide enough heat , while during the summer light only increases the amount of heat entering our homes .
Benefits
The financial benefits obtained through using insulating window films far outweigh the affordable cost to buy and apply window film to your windows .
The typical film is to be applied to the interior part of our windows and works by eliminating or holding in much of the sun ’s heat .
Up to 70 % of the heat can be reduced during hot times of year and keeps the cold out during winter months by better insulating your windows .
This can result in a 5 - 10 % savings on your monthly energy bills , but the savings are usually much greater in warmer climates or during the summer .
On top of the savings you get through your energy bill , there is also a 30 % tax credit on the purchase of all window films .
This means that you get a 30 % discount on the total purchase of any tinting you buy for you home .
Even though it usually tends to be fairly affordable , this is just another incentive to go out and buy window film .
Window films can also have an added benefit of reducing most of the harmful UV rays from the light that enters your home .
This can drastically reduce the amount of fading that occurs on flooring , furniture and fabrics .
There is also a reduction in glare .
What even nicer is that technology has improved the quality of window film making it barely noticeable in terms of how it looks on your windows and the amount of natural light still entering your home .
Total Savings
Let ’s first start with the cost to actually buy and install window film in your home .
You can expect to pay in the $ 2 - 3 range and the cost of installation can range from $ 5 - $ 7 per square foot .
That means that the total cost to buy window film for a 3 × 7 sliding door would cost approximately $ 50 and an installation cost of a little over $ 100 .
Since window filming tends to last for about 10 - 15 years , this means that you can really save over that period .
The following table is a sample of how much you could save depending on your total energy bill cost :
Window Film Savings on Monthly Energy Bill
1 Month 1 Year 5 Year 10 Year $ 100 $ 10 $ 120 $ 600 $ 1,200 $ 250 $ 25 $ 300 $ 1,500 $ 3,000
As you can tell from the data , the more your energy bill is the more you can save , especially in the long run .
Even with a relatively small energy bill , you can recoup the costs for the film in under a year and reap the savings over the remainder of its life .
None of this is including the savings from having to possibly replace flooring , furniture or window treatments due to fading over the period .
You can also save a little money by doing it yourself , but be sure that study up on how to properly install window tinting and follow this video that does a great job in describing each step of the process :
The financial benefits should encourage anyone to want to have window filming installed on windows throughout your home .
Just be sure to contact a professional if you are unsure about anything in the process as with any DIY project .
It is also recommened that you contact your window manufacturer to ensure that window film is appriate for your windows and will not cause any damage if applied .
Please share any experience you have with window film or if you plan on installing window filming throughout your home .
If you enjoyed this post , keep yourself updated with all my latest posts : Subscribe to my RSS Feed
What is RSS ?
Sign Up for Daily Morning Emails
Comments
" We knew that if we were going to break the record , we had to do it in style and 2,510 Smurfs will be a tough act to follow for any budding record - breakers . "
Democrats to Rep. Mark : Now Who 's Un - American ?
During the Bush era , it was Republicans who often hurled charges of un-American sentiments at their Democratic rivals .
Now the tables have turned , and Democrats are hammering Rep. Mark Kirk ( R - Ill . ) for a comment he made on a recent trip to China .
In a speech at the Center for Strategic and International Studies in Washington , Kirk said he told Chinese officials " the budget numbers that the U.S. Government has put forward should not be believed . "
He went on to say that Congress will wind up spending even more .
( Here 's a link to a video of the speech put on YouTube by Talking Points Memo . )
Democratic operatives are n't letting this one go .
They 're fixated on Kirk 's declaration that the U.S. budget numbers " should not be believed . "
In other words , Democrats charge , Kirk is calling his own country a liar .
" After helping get us into this current economic crisis by supporting President Bush 's failed economic policies , Congressman Mark Kirk went to China and told Chinese officials that the American government was not to be trusted , " says Ryan Rudominer , spokesman for the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee .
" Congressman Kirk 's questioning of America while representing our government in China is incredibly irresponsible and endangers the American economy . "
We asked Congressman Kirk if he really meant that America cannot be trusted , as Democrats are charging .
Without directly answering the question , here is how Kirk 's spokesman , Eric Elk , replied :
" Congressman Kirk said what American and Chinese readers see daily in the New York Times and Wall Street Journal .
As China lent more and more to the U.S. , its leaders are getting used to watching Congress spend much more than expected .
What is changing is China 's willingness to keep lending .
The Congressman is very concerned about the government 's spending and growing deficit .
We know that Standard & Poors and Fitch rating agencies have informed the British government that their spending and debt have jeopardized their AAA rating .
Loss of a .
AAA rating would push mortgage interest rates up .
The congressman is working to ensure the United States does not suffer this fate family savings are founded on the soundness of the U.S. dollar .
Since World War I , the dollar served as the world 's reserve currency , insulating Americans against inflation and the volatility of foreign currency markets . "
Kirk , who announced earlier this month that he and his wife of eight years , Kimberly Ann Vertolli , are divorcing , is a prime target of Democrats in the next election cycle .
The congressman has hinted he may run for either governor of Illinois in 2010 or for the Senate seat currently held by Roland Burris .
Illinois state Treasurer Alexi Giannoulias , a potential future rival of Kirk who has already declared his candidacy for the Senate seat Burris now holds , is also attacking Kirk as un-American .
" In the midst of the worst economic crisis since the Great Depression , Mark Kirk is essentially telling China , which holds more U.S. debt than any nation on earth , not to trust the American government , and by extension , the American people , " Giannoulias said in a statement .
" This puts the full faith and credit of the United States at risk and threatens to permanently wreak havoc on the credit markets that are essential to our recovery and our economic future . "
Senate leaders are considering new federal taxes on soda and other sugary drinks to help pay for an overhaul of the nation 's health - care system .
The taxes would pay for only a fraction of the cost to expand health - insurance coverage to all Americans and would face strong opposition from the beverage industry .
They also could spark a backlash from consumers who would have to pay several cents more for a soft drink .
On ...
Karl Rove is out with a new column in the Wall Street Journal called ( unabashedly ) “ How to Stop Socialized Health Care “ .
What ’s completely hypocritical of this is that Rove was one of the main promoters of the Medicare prescription drug benefit in 2003 , which was the biggest move in 40 years toward what Rove now slams as “ socialized health care ” .
Why does anyone pay attention to this jerk ?
I do like the suggestion of the Cato Institute ( a libertarian think tank ) :
R esumes are a necessity for almost every job on the teacher , CEO or municipal employee .
But unless you carefully and objectively examine your resume before sending it out , recycling bins across America may be filling up with those ill - planned documents .
Before mailing your next resume , check the ten resume " don'ts " below :
1. Appearances Count --
Do n't try to save money by printing your resume on cheap copy paper instead of good quality stock .
Check for typos , grammatical errors and coffee stains .
Use the spellcheck feature on your word processor and ask a friend to review the resume to find mistakes you might have missed .
2. Does Size Matter ? --
If your career warrants a two - page resume , then go ahead and create a document that reflects the full range of your experience and accomplishments .
Do n't reduce the type size to such a degree that your resume becomes difficult to read .
3. Truth or Consequences --
Do n't fudge over dates or titles on your resume to hide the fact that you have been unemployed , that you switched jobs too frequently or that you held low - level positions .
If a prospective employer conducts a background check and discovers that you lied , you can kiss the job good - bye .
4. State Your Case --
If you are seeking a job in a field in which you have no prior experience , do n't use the chronological format for your resume .
By using a functional or skills - oriented format , you can present your relevant experience and skills up front .
5. Put Your Best Foot Forward --
Do n't simply copy the job description jargon from your company 's HR manual .
To show that you are more qualified than the competition for the positions you are seeking , you need to do more than simply list your job responsibilities .
Present specific accomplishments and achievements : percentages increased , accounts expanded , awards won , etc .
6. No Excuses --
Do n't include the reasons you are no longer working at each job listed on your resume .
The phrases " Company sold , " " Boss was an idiot " and " Left to make more money " have no place on your resume .
7. What Have You Done Lately ? --
While it is certainly acceptable to have a two - page resume , do n't list every single job you 've ever held .
Personnel managers are most interested in your experience from the last 10 years , so focus on your most recent and most relevant career experience .
8. Target Your Audience --
Do n't mail out your resume to every ad in the Sunday newspaper .
If you are not even remotely qualified for a position , do n't apply .
Read the ads , determine if you have the right credentials and save the wear and tear on your printer .
9. No Extra Papers , Please --
When you send out your resume , do n't include copies of transcripts , letters of recommendation or awards , unless you are specifically asked to do so .
If you are called in for an interview , you may bring these extra materials along in your briefcase for show - and - tell .
10 . Do n't Get Personal -- Personal information does not belong on a resume in the United States .
Do n't include information on your marital status , age , race , family or hobbies .
A leading human rights group has asked the United Nations to publicize its estimate of civilian deaths in the final weeks of Sri Lanka 's civil war amid escalating reports over how many died .
Amnesty International said in a statement late Friday that it has received " consistent testimony " that both government troops and Tamil Tiger rebels killed thousands of civilians trapped in the war zone and called for an independent international investigation .
The group did not say who had testified to the alleged abuses .
The U.N. said earlier that 7,000 civilians were killed and 16,700 wounded from Jan. 20 through May 7 .
However , these estimates circulated among diplomats were not released publicly .
Amnesty cited an investigation published on Friday in a British newspaper , The Times , which said that some 20,000 civilians were killed in the final phase of the war .
The report followed weeks of allegations that large numbers of civilians had been killed as the army closed in on Tamil Tiger rebels to end the decades - long war .
Amnesty 's Asia Pacific director Sam Zarifi accused both sides of war crimes and called for an independent international probe .
" The Times report underscores the need for this investigation and the UN should do everything it can to determine the truth about the bloodbath that occurred in northeast Sri Lanka , " an Amnesty statement quoted Zarifi as saying .
The statement said the UN " must immediately publicize its estimate of the number of civilians killed by the two sides in the final weeks of fighting " .
The Sri Lankan government , which has dismissed calls by the UN Human Rights Council for a fact - finding mission on the war crimes allegations , on Friday angrily dismissed the Times report .
" These figures are way out , " defense ministry spokesman Lakshman Hulugalle said .
" We totally deny the allegation that 20,000 people were killed .
Amnesty said , however , that it continues to receive reports of widespread human rights violations , with more than 280,000 people displaced by the recent fighting and now restricted to state - run welfare camps in the island 's north .
The government said last week it had ended the 25 - year separatist war on the island with the killing of top rebel leader Velupillai Prabhakaran and his military and political leadership .
Throughout the fighting reports emerged that government soldiers fired at densely populated civilian areas with little regard for their safety and that the rebels prevented civilians from fleeing the war zone and used them as human shields .
However , independent verification of these allegations was not possible because the government had expelled the aid groups from the conflict zone and prevented journalists from reporting firsthand .
Earlier this week the U.N. Human Rights Council rejected calls to investigate allegations of war crimes and praised the government for crushing the rebels .
Sri Lanka 's allies on the 47 - member council forced through a resolution condemning the Tamil rebels for using civilians as human shields but stressing that the war was a " domestic " matter that did not warrant outside interference .
The U.N. estimates that 80,000 to 100,000 people were killed in the war that began in 1983 .
A group of Mayan Mam villagers set fire to a pickup truck and an exploration drill rig earlier this month at the Marlin gold mine in San Miguel Ixtahuacan municipality , San Marcos , Guatemala .
The mine is operated by Montana Exploradora de Guatemala , a subsidiary of Canada ’s Goldcorp Inc .
According to Rights Action , Goldcorp had been pressuring about 20 Maya families from the Sacmuj villages to sell their land .
The families consistently said no to the company .
Goldcorp , as predictable as ever , apparently decided to just ignore the villagers and bring their equipment onto their land without the villager ’s consent .
This was a major concern to the village .
Not only was it blatant trespassing , but the villagers feared that the company ’s presence would endanger their primary water supply , if not from contaminants than from the company using up all the water for their operation .
The villages began asking Goldcorp to remove the vehicles and equipment .
They also presented the Human Rights Ombudsman of Guatemala with a formal complaint .
Then , on Wednesday , June 10 , Goldcorp employees conceded–telling the villagers that they would everything the very next day .
But the day came and went , and the equipment remained .
Instead of removing it , the company signed an agreement to take the equipment the next day after that , June 12 .
Then , as June 12 rolled on it became clear that once again the company was not going to comply — leading a group of villagers to respond , by burning the equipment .
Incidentally , on June 10 Goldcorp requested a police and army presence .
The government immediately sent in 2 units from the national police and 4 vehicles full of soldiers .
The next day , June 11 , another 6 police units rolled in , along with two units from the anti-riot squad .
Fortunately , the officers did not intervene when the villagers took action on June 12 .
However , one week ago , on June 19 , Goldcorp successfully convinced the Guatemalan government to bring charges against seven Maya villagers in relation to the incident .
For the Glory of Goldcorp
This sounds eerily familiar .
On January 22 , 2007 , GoldCorp had charges laid against twenty two Maya community members , and arrest warrants issued for seven .
That same day , January 22 , Goldcorp promised to establish a dialogue with the community , who had set up a blockade 10 days prior to protest a range of concerns about the mine , which included the “ destruction of dozens of homes due to the use of explosives ; water contamination resulting in health problems of people and livestock ; an apparent lowering of the regional water table resulting in the drying out of wells and natural springs , and some crop failure ( ex : fruit trees ) . ”
Eventually , almost almost all of the charges were dropped by the courts .
It was a refreshing change , to say the least .
But one that did n’t phase Goldcorp the slightest .
In 2008 they tried to run the same gimmick again – this time charging Eight Mayan Women .
This situaiton is still ongoing .
Standing alongside this betrayal and the company ’s repeated pursuit of frivolous lawsuits that tie up the Guatemalan courts , is a study conducted earlier this year by the Pastoral Commission for Peace and Ecology ( COPAE ) which has yet to receive any media attention .
The study confirms beyond all measure of doubt that the Marlin mine is poisoning local water supplies .
Goldcorp firmly denies the report , stating endlessly that the lesions and rashes covering the bodies of Maya Men , Women and Children , is not because of poisonous substances like arsenic , extremely high concentrations of which were found in a river downstream from the mine .
Instead , Goldcorp says , it ’s because the Mayas do n’t know how to clean themselves .
All of this together and picture should emerge in your mind of a company that could n’t care less about indigenous people .
A company who ’s word is worth less than a scratch of ink on paper , and who ’s all - too - Canadian view of the world demands they have access to the same rights and freedoms that they deny the Mayan People from exercising .
The company wo n’t even halt their mining operation for a few weeks to investigate the COPAE report .
Even if Goldcorp is right ( as repulsive as that thought is ) why take that chance ?
Why ?
Because it ’s Goldcorp .
And because impunity so often reigns for those who think wealth is more important than basic human rights .
Photo : mimundo-jamesrodriguez.blogspot.com
Facebook
Copy to clipboard
Steven Soderbergh Talks Moneyball
Steven Soderbergh is a director who works with non-actors to create intimate indies ( Bubble , his latest The Girlfriend Experience ) .
Steven Soderbergh is also a director who works with gigantic stars like Brad Pitt and George Clooney ( you remember , do n't you ? )
And apparently in Moneyball , one of several projects Soderbergh has in development right now , he 'll do both .
" We 've got a lot of real people playing themselves .
It 's going to be interesting .
I 'm going to try and fuse normal actors with real people .
I feel like if I pull it off , the level of reality and detail that 's going to be present will be really exciting . "
At a roundtable interview for The Girlfirend Experience a few weeks ago ( more on that later ) , Soderbergh said Moneyball is n't just his next project , but one that 's been in the making for a long while .
" I think it 's the perfect piece .
This is going to be the culmination of something I 've been playing with for 10 years now , the real people idea .
This is the perfect place to bring it all together . "
As for the non-real people in the movie -- a.k. a the actors , Demetri Martin and Brad Pitt -- Soderbergh said he had n't seen Martin 's performance in the upcoming Taking Woodstock before he cast the stand - up comic to play Paul de Podesta , a Harvard economics student who applied his statistical know - how to baseball .
" I thought there 's a whole aspect to his personality that is n't part of what his stand - up persona is that plays exactly to what Paul de Podesta is .
They 're very similar in a lot of ways .
I think he 's going to be a great foil for Brad . "
We 'll have more on our interview with Soderbergh tomorrow , and hopefully a lot more about Moneyball as this perplexing , possibly amazing project makes its way toward theaters .
Some people refuse to believe that HIV causes AIDS , despite all the evidence ( Image : Spencer Platt / Getty )
A patient holds her HIV / AIDS antiretroviral ( ARV ) drugs ( Image : Sipa Press / Rex Features ) Peter Duesberg , a superstar scientist amongst AIDS denalists ( Image : Wikipedia Commons ) Former South African president Thabo Mbeki was criticised for being an AIDS denialist Seth Kalichman who went undercover to understand the minds and ideals of AIDS denialists ( Image : The University of Connecticut 2009 )
ON 27 December 2008 , a well - heeled 52 - year - old woman died in a Los Angeles hospital .
Her death certificate describes a body riddled with opportunistic infections typical of the late stages of AIDS .
Christine Maggiore had tested HIV positive 16 years earlier , but she had shunned ART , the antiretroviral therapy that stops HIV replicating and prevents AIDS .
This was not the first time a death in Maggiore ’s family had made headlines : three years earlier her 3 - year - old daughter Eliza Jane had died .
The autopsy described a chronically ill little girl who was underweight , under - height , and had encephalitis and pneumonia – all AIDS - related .
When pregnant , Maggiore had again rejected ART and she had breastfed Eliza Jane , another way of transmitting the virus .
Why , in 21st - century California , would a middle - class woman and her young daughter die like this when there is tried - and - tested treatment for their illness ?
The answer lies in a bizarre medical conspiracy theory that says AIDS is not caused by HIV infection ( see Five myths about HIV and AIDS ) .
It is tempting to dismiss the so - called AIDS denialism movement out of hand , but it has a strong internet presence , with a plethora of websites and blogs that …
Glenn Beck went on Bill O'Reilly 's program last night , protesting his innocence after Paul Krugman ably limned the culpability that people like Beck , Bill O'Reilly , and other right - wing yammerers have in raising the temperature of the national discourse to the level that now violent right - wing nutcases are popping off like so much popcorn .
It was , of course , an extended exercise in frantic obfuscation , like a cat trying to cover its dung :
Beck :
Well , first of all , the only people responsible for anybody 's death are the people -- O'Reilly : Are the murderers .
Beck :
Are the murderers .
Ah yes , the nonexistent " lone wolf " defense .
Gee , I guess this means that those suicide bombers in Baghdad and Jerusalem are just " isolated incidents " too , and no one but the bombers themselves are responsible .
At least in Beck 's and O'Reilly 's world .
O'Reilly : Well , now , Paul Krugman does n't feel that way .
Beck : Oh , no .
No .
But you know what I found ?
Paul Krugman -- he 's of course blaming you as -- well , you 're the baby killer ... killer -- whatever -- O'Reilly : The assassin enabler .
Beck : Yeah .
And I am , uh , I am responsible for all kinds of conspiracy theories , I think I 'm also responsible for the Holocaust shooter -- O'Reilly :
Well , lemme , lemme , lemme quote -- here 's what Krugman said about you today .
He 's criticizing Fox News : Exhibit A for the mainstreaming of right - wing extremism is Fox News ’s new star , Glenn Beck .
Here we have a network where , like it or not , millions of Americans get their news — and it gives daily airtime to a commentator who , among other things , warned viewers that the Federal Emergency Management Agency might be building concentration camps as part of the Obama administration ’s “ totalitarian ” agenda ... .
Beck : Never said that .
Never said that .
O'Reilly : But Krugman does n't care whether you said it or not .
It sounds good .
Beck :
Oh , I know .
Never said that .
You know , the reason I did that concentration camp thing or that FEMA story was because I snapped on the air one day .
O'Reilly : No ! You ?
Beck : Somebody called me on the radio and I said , ' Can we stop with the FEMA camps ?
Can we stop with the FEMA camps ?
I want , one way or another , I want it yes or no . '
So I went to my staff and I said , ' I want proof that these do n't exist , please ? '
A couple -- oh , maybe about a week later they came to me and said , ' Well , we do n't really have proof ' -- I said , ' You 've gotta be kidding me .
What do you mean , we do n't really have proof . '
We contracted with Popular Mechanics .
It took us , ah , four weeks -- the reason why it took us four weeks is because I said , ' See this video on television ?
I want you to find that prison , go there , and tell everybody what it is so we can A - B compare . '
O'Reilly :
And they could n't find it .
Beck :
No , we found what 's called the ' prison ' .
It 's an abandoned train depot .
O'Reilly :
But it was n't a prison .
Beck :
It 's not a prison .
O'Reilly :
But it does n't matter what you say , or what I say .
They 're going to take it and -- what Krugman wanted to do was he wanted to tell is readers -- who never watch you , by the way , they never watch Fox News either -- that you are accusing Obama of building concentration camps .
Well , Beck did indeed run a noteworthy segment that actually debunked the FEMA concentration - camp theories .
But it was something akin to running a single correction on A23 for a series of sensationally bannered stories on A1 .
Just as important , Beck has continually charged that the Obama administration is leading us , as Krugman charged , down the path to totalitarianism .
That has , in fact , been the entire theme of his show for several months now .
You see , what 's missing from Beck 's account is the fact that he broadcast to the world , on numerous occasions , the fact that " he could n't disprove " the concentration - camps story .
First there was his March 3 appearance on Fox and Friends :
Beck :
We do n't even understand freedom anymore .
We are a country that is headed toward socialism , totalitarianism , beyond your wildest imagination .
I have to tell you , I am doing a story tonight , that I wanted to debunk these FEMA camps .
I 'm tired of hearing about them -- you know about them ?
I 'm tired of hearing about them .
I wanted to debunk them .
We 'll we 've now for several days been doing research on them -- I can't debunk them !
And we 're going to carry the story tonight .
... It is our government -- if you trust our government , it 's fine .
If you have any kind of fear that we might be headed toward a totalitarian state , there is something going on in our country that it 's -- it ai n't good .
Beck tried a month later to portray himself as fundamentally skeptical of the claims -- but he sure had a funny way of showing it a few weeks before .
He also reported it credibly , twice , on his own Fox News program .
As he promised on Fox and Friends , he announced on the air that night that " we ca n't disprove " the FEMA concentration camps story .
Now , that 's modern media ethics for ya : Broadcast to the world that " you ca n't disprove " a cockamamie , half - baked and wild - sounding theory , do it several times , and then quietly run a story in fact disproving the theory four weeks later .
So , I keep hearing that Glenn Beck fellates Bill O'Reilly under the anchor desk each week just prior to his regular appearance on The O'Reilly Factor ( why do you think they call it " At Your Beck and Call " ? ) .
And you know what , I 've set my staff about finding out the truth , and they can't disprove it !
We 'll get back to you in about four weeks with the real scoop on that one .
Have lots of brain bleach handy .
In the meantime , we 'll repeat this several times :
We hear Beck fellates BillO , and we can't disprove it !
Repeating Lenin
Slavoj Zizek
Lenin’s Choice
Source : lacan.com ;
Mark - up : Styled and linked to Zizek 's sources by Andy Blunden .
The first public reaction to the idea of reactualizing Lenin is , of course , an outburst of sarcastic laughter : Marx is OK , even on Wall Street , there are people who love him today —
Marx the poet of commodities , who provided perfect descriptions of the capitalist dynamics , Marx of the Cultural Studies , who portrayed the alienation and reification of our daily lives -, but Lenin , no , you ca n’t be serious !
The working class movement , revolutionary Party , and similar zombie - concepts ?
Does n’t Lenin stand precisely for the FAILURE to put Marxism into practice , for the big catastrophe which left its mark on the entire XXth century world politics , for the Real Socialist experiment which culminated in an economically inefficient dictatorship ?
So , in the contemporary academic politics , the idea to deal with Lenin is accompanied by two qualifications : yes , why not , we live in a liberal democracy , there is freedom of thought ... however , one should treat Lenin in an “ objective critical and scientific way , ” not in an attitude of nostalgic idolatry , and , furthermore , from the perspective firmly rooted in the democratic political order , within the horizon of human rights — therein resides the lesson painfully learned through the experience of the XXth century totalitarianisms .
What are we to say to this ?
Again , the problem resides in the implicit qualifications which can be easily discerned by the “ concrete analysis of the concrete situation , ” as Lenin himself would have put it .
“ Fidelity to the democratic consensus ” means the acceptance of the present liberal - parliamentary consensus , which precludes any serious questioning of how this liberal - democratic order is complicit in the phenomena it officially condemns , and , of course , any serious attempt to imagine a society whose socio-political order would be different .
In short , it means : say and write whatever you want — on condition that what you do , does not effectively question or disturb the predominant political consensus .
So everything is allowed , solicited even , as a critical topic : the prospects of a global ecological catastrophe , violations of human rights , sexism , homophobia , antifeminism , the growing violence not only in the far - away countries , but also in our megalopolises , the gap between the First and the Third World , between the rich and the poor , the shattering impact of the digitalization of our daily lives ... there is nothing easier today than to get international , state or corporate funds for a multidisciplinary research into how to fight the new forms of ethnic , religious or sexist violence .
The problem is that all this occurs against the background of a fundamental Denkverbot , the prohibition to think .
Today ’s liberal - democratic hegemony is sustained by a kind of unwritten Denkverbot similar to the infamous Berufsverbot in Germany of the late 60s — the moment one shows a minimal sign of engaging in political projects that aim to seriously challenge the existing order , the answer is immediately : “ Benevolent as it is , this will necessarily end in a new Gulag ! ”
The ideological function of the constant reference to the holocaust , gulag and the more recent Third World catastrophes is thus to serve as the support of this Denkverbot by constantly reminding us how things may have been much worse : “ Just look around and see for yourself what will happen if we follow your radical notions ! ”
And it is exactly the same thing that the demand for “ scientific objectivity ” means : the moment one seriously questions the existing liberal consensus , one is accused of abandoning scientific objectivity for the outdated ideological positions .
This is the point on which one cannot and should not concede : today , the actual freedom of thought means the freedom to question the predominant liberal - democratic “ post - ideological ” consensus — or it means nothing .
Habermas designated the present era as that of the neue Undurchsichtlichkeit — the new opacity .
1
More than ever , our daily experience is mystifying : modernization generates new obscurantisms , the reduction of freedom is presented to us as the arrival of new freedoms .
In these circumstances , one should be especially careful not to confuse the ruling ideology with ideology which SEEMS to dominate .
More then ever , one should bear in mind Walter Benjamin ’s reminder that it is not enough to ask how a certain theory ( or art ) declares itself to stay with regard to social struggles — one should also ask how it effectively functions IN these very struggles .
In sex , the effectively hegemonic attitude is not patriarchal repression , but free promiscuity ; in art , provocations in the style of the notorious “ Sensation ” exhibitions ARE the norm , the example of the art fully integrated into the establishment .
One is therefore tempted to turn around Marx ’s thesis 11 : the first task today is precisely NOT to succumb to the temptation to act , to directly intervene and change things ( which then inevitably ends in a cul de sac of debilitating impossibility : “ what can one do against the global capital ? ” ) , but to question the hegemonic ideological coordinates .
If , today , one follows a direct call to act , this act will not be performed in an empty space — it will be an act WITHIN the hegemonic ideological coordinates : those who “ really want to do something to help people ” get involved in ( undoubtedly honorable ) exploits like Medecins sans frontiere , Greenpeace , feminist and anti-racist campaigns , which are all not only tolerated , but even supported by the media , even if they seemingly enter the economic territory ( say , denouncing and boycotting companies which do not respect ecological conditions or which use child labor ) — they are tolerated and supported as long as they do not get too close to a certain limit .
This kind of activity provides the perfect example of interpassivity2 : of doing things not to achieve something , but to PREVENT from something really happening , really changing .
All the frenetic humanitarian , politically correct , etc. , activity fits the formula of “ Let ’s go on changing something all the time so that , globally , things will remain the same ! ”
Let us take two predominant topics of today ’s American radical academia : postcolonial and queer ( gay ) studies .
The problem of postcolonialism is undoubtedly crucial ; however , “ postcolonial studies ” tend to translate it into the multiculturalist problematic of the colonized minorities ’ “ right to narrate ” their victimizing experience , of the power mechanisms which repress “ otherness , ” so that , at the end of the day , we learn that the root of the postcolonial exploitation is our intolerance towards the Other , and , furthermore , that this intolerance itself is rooted in our intolerance towards the “ Stranger in Ourselves , ” in our inability to confront what we repressed in and of ourselves — the politico - economic struggle is thus imperceptibly transformed into a pseudo - psychoanalytic drama of the subject unable to confront its inner traumas ...
The true corruption of the American academia is not primarily financial , it is not only that they are able to buy many European critical intellectuals ( myself included — up to a point ) , but conceptual : notions of the “ European ” critical theory are imperceptibly translated into the benign universe of the Cultural Studies chic .
My personal experience is that practically all of the “ radical ” academics silently count on the long - term stability of the American capitalist model , with the secure tenured position as their ultimate professional goal ( a surprising number of them even play on the stock market ) .
If there is a thing they are genuinely horrified of , it is a radical shattering of the ( relatively ) safe life environment of the “ symbolic classes ” in the developed Western societies .
Their excessive Politically Correct zeal when dealing with sexism , racism , Third World sweatshops , etc. , is thus ultimately a defense against their own innermost identification , a kind of compulsive ritual whose hidden logic is : “ Let ’s talk as much as possible about the necessity of a radical change to make it sure that nothing will really change ! ”
Symptomatic is here the journal October : when you ask one of the editors to what the title refers , they will half - confidentially signal that it is , of course , THAT October — in this way , one can indulge in the jargonistic analyses of the modern art , with the hidden assurance that one is somehow retaining the link with the radical revolutionary past ...
With regard to this radical chic , the first gesture towards the Third Way ideologists and practitioners should be that of praise : they at least play their game in a straight way , and are honest in their acceptance of the global capitalist coordinates , in contrast to the pseudo - radical academic Leftists who adopt towards the Third Way the attitude of utter disdain , while their own radicality ultimately amounts to an empty gesture which obliges no one to anything determinate .
It is true that , today , it is the radical populist Right which is usually breaking the ( still ) predominant liberal - democratic consensus , gradually rendering acceptable the hitherto excluded topics ( the partial justification of Fascism , the need to constrain abstract citizenship on behalf of ethnic identity , etc. ) .
However , the hegemonic liberal democracy is using this fact to blackmail the Left radicals : “ we should n’t play with fire : against the new Rightist onslaught , one should more than ever insist on the democratic consensus — any criticism of it willingly or unwillingly helps the new Right ! ”
This is the key line of separation : one should reject this blackmail , taking the risk of disturbing the liberal consensus , up to questioning the very notion of democracy .
So how are we to respond to the eternal dilemma of the radical Left : should one strategical support center - Left figures like Bill Clinton against the conservatives , or should one adopt the stance of “ it does n’t matter , we should n’t get involved in these fights — in a way , it is even better if the Right is directly in power , since , in this way , it will be easier for the people to see the truth of the situation " ?
The answer is the variation of old Stalin ’s answer to the question “ Which deviation is worse , the Rightist or the Leftist one ? " : THEY ARE BOTH WORSE .
What one should do is to adopt the stance of the proper dialectical paradox : in principle , of course , one should be indifferent towards the struggle between the liberal and conservative pole of today ’s official politics — however , one can only afford to be indifferent if the liberal option is in power .
Otherwise , the price to be paid may appear much too high — recall the catastrophic consequences of the decision of the German Communist Party in the early 30s NOT to focus on the struggle against the Nazis , with the justification that the Nazi dictatorship is the last desperate stage of the capitalist domination , which will open eyes to the working class , shattering their belief in the “ bourgeois ” democratic institutions .
Along these lines , Claude Lefort himself , whom no one can accuse of communist sympathies , recently made a crucial point in his answer to Francois Furet : today ’s liberal consensus is the result of 150 years of the Leftist workers ’ struggle and pressure upon the State , it incorporated demands which were 100 or even less years ago dismissed by liberals as horror .
3
As a proof , one should just look at the list of the demands at the end of the Communist Manifesto : apart from 2 or 3 of them ( which , of course , are the key one ) , all others are today part of the consensus ( at least the disintegrating Welfare State one ) : the universal vote , the right to free education , universal healthcare and care for the retired , limitation of child labor ...
Interpretation versus Formalization
So where are we to begin ?
In the present climate of the New Age obscurantism , it may appear attractive to reassert the lesson of Lenin ’s Materialism and Empiriocriticism : in today ’s popular reading of quantum physics , as in Lenin ’s times , the doxa is that science itself finally overcame materialism — matter is supposed to “ disappear , ” to dissolve in the immaterial waves of energy fields .
4
It is also true ( as Lucio Colletti emphasized ) , that Lenin ’s distinction between the philosophical and the scientific notion of matter , according to which , since the philosophical notion of matter as reality existing independently of mind precludes any intervention of philosophy into sciences , the very notion of “ dialectics in / of nature ” is thoroughly undermined .
However ... the “ however ” concerns the fact that , in Materialism and Empiriocriticism , there is NO PLACE FOR DIALECTICS , FOR HEGEL .
What are Lenin ’s basic theses ?
The rejection to reduce knowledge to phenomenalist or pragmatic instrumentalism ( i.e. , the assertion that , in scientific knowledge , we get to know the way things exist independently of our minds — the infamous “ theory of reflection ” ) , coupled with the insistence of the precarious nature of our knowledge ( which is always limited , relative , and “ reflects ” external reality only in the infinite process of approximation ) .
Does this not sound familiar ?
Is this , in the Anglo - Saxon tradition of analytical philosophy , not the basic position of Karl Popper , the archetypal anti-Hegelian ?
In his short article “ Lenin and Popper , " 5 Colletti recalls how , in a private letter from 1970 , first published in Die Zeit , Popper effectively wrote : “ Lenin ’s book on empiriocriticism is , in my opinion , truly excellent . "
6
This hard materialist core of Empiriocriticism persists in the Philosophical Notebooks from 1915 , in spite of Lenin ’s rediscovery of Hegel — why ?
In his Notebooks , Lenin is struggling with the same problem as Adorno in his “ negative dialectics ” : how to combine Hegel ’s legacy of the critique of every immediacy , of the subjective mediation of all given objectivity , with the minimum of materialism that Adorno calls the “ predominance of the objective ” ( this is the reason why Lenin still clings to the “ theory of reflection ” according to which the human thought mirrors objective reality ) .
7
However , both Adorno and Lenin take here the wrong path : the way to assert materialism is not by way of clinging to the minimum of objective reality OUTSIDE the thought ’s subjective mediation , but by insisting on the absolute INHERENCE of the external obstacle which prevents thought from attaining full identity with itself .
The moment we concede on this point and externalize the obstacle , we regress to the pseudo - problematic of the thought asymptotically approaching the ever - elusive “ objective reality , ” never being able to grasp it in it infinite complexity .
8
The problem with Lenin ’s “ theory of reflection ” resides in its implicit idealism : its very compulsive insistence on the independent existence of the material reality outside consciousness is to be read as a symptomatic displacement , destined to conceal the key fact that the consciousness itself is implicitly posited as EXTERNAL to the reality it “ reflects . ”
The very metaphor of the infinite approaching to the way things really are , to the objective truth , betrays this idealism : what this metaphor leaves out of consideration is the fact that the partiality ( distortion ) of the “ subjective reflection ” occurs precisely because the subject is INCLUDED in the process it reflects — only a consciousness observing the universe from without would see the whole of reality “ the way it really is . ”
9
This , of course , in no way entails that the tracing of the difference between idealism and materialism is today not more crucial than ever : one should only proceed in a truly Leninist way , discerning — through the “ concrete analysis of concrete circumstances ” — WHERE this line of separation runs .
One is thus tempted to claim that , even WITHIN the field of religion , the singular point of the emergence of materialism is signalled by Christ ’s words on the cross “ Father , why have you forsaken me ? ” — in this moment of total abandonment , the subject experiences and fully assumes the inexistence of the big Other .
More generally , the line of division is that between the “ idealist ” Socratic - Gnostic tradition claiming that the truth is within us , just to be ( re ) discovered through an inner journey , and the Judeo - Christian “ materialist ” notion that truth can only emerge from an EXTERNAL traumatic encounter which shatters the subject ’s balance .
“ Truth ” requires an effort in which we have to fight our “ spontaneous ” tendency .
And what if we were to connect this notion of the truth emerging from an external encounter with the ( in ) famous Lenin ’s notion , from What Is to Be Done ? , of how the working class cannot achieve its adequate class consciousness “ spontaneously , ” through its own “ organic ” development , i.e. of how this truth has to be introduced into it from outside ( by the Party intellectuals ) ?
In quoting Kautsky at this place , Lenin makes a significant change in his paraphrase : while Kautsky speaks of how the non-working - class intellectuals , who are OUTSIDE THE CLASS STRUGGLE , should introduce SCIENCE ( providing objective knowledge of history ) to the working class , Lenin speaks of CONSCIOUSNESS which should be introduced from outside by intellectuals who are outside the ECONOMIC struggle , NOT outside the class struggle !
Here is the passage from Kautsky which Lenin quotes approvingly —
“ /.../ socialism and class struggle arise side by side and not one out of the other ; each arises under different conditions .
/.../
The vehicle of science is not the proletariat , but the bourgeois intelligentsia /.../
Thus , socialist consciousness is something introduced into the proletarian class struggle from without and not something that arose within it spontaneously .
"
10
— and here is Lenin ’s paraphrase of it :
“ /.../ all worship of the spontaneity of the working - class movement , all belittling of the role of ‘ the conscious element , ’ of the role of Social - Democracy , means , quite independently of whether he who belittles that role desires it or not , a strengthening of the influence of bourgeois ideology upon workers .
/.../ the only choice is — either bourgeois or socialist ideology .
There is no middle course /.../ the spontaneous development of the working - class movement leads to its subordination to bourgeois ideology /.../ for the spontaneous working - class movement is trade - unionism .
"
11
It may SOUND the same , but it ’s NOT : in Kautsky , there is no space for politics proper , just the combination of the social ( working class and its struggle , from which intellectuals are implicitly EXCLUDED ) and the pure neutral classless , asubjective , knowledge of these intellectuals .
In Lenin , on the contrary , “ intellectuals ” themselves are caught in the conflict of IDEOLOGIES ( i.e. the ideological class struggle ) which is unsurpassable .
( It was already Marx who made this point , from his youth when he dreamt of the unity of German Idealist philosophy and the French revolutionary masses , to his insistence , in late years , that the leadership of the International should under no conditions be left to the English workers : although the most numerous and best organized , they — in contrast to German workers — lack theoretical stringency . )
The key question thus concerns the exact STATUS of this externality : is it simply the externality of an impartial “ objective ” scientist who , after studying history and establishing that , in the long run , the working class has a great future ahead , decides to join the winning side ?
So when Lenin says “ The theory of Marx is all - powerful , because it is true , ” everything depends on how we understand “ truth ” here : is it a neutral “ objective knowledge , ” or the truth of an engaged subject ?
Lenin ’s wager — today , in our era of postmodern relativism , more actual than ever — is that universal truth and partisanship , the gesture of taking sides , are not only not mutually exclusive , but condition each other : in a concrete situation , its UNIVERSAL truth can only be articulated from a thoroughly PARTISAN position — truth is by definition one - sided .
( This , of course , goes against the predominant doxa of compromise , of finding a middle path among the multitude of conflicting interests . )
Why not , then , shamelessly and courageously ENDORSE the boring standard reproach according to which , Marxism is a “ secularized religion , ” with Lenin as the Messiah , etc . ?
Yes , assuming the proletarian standpoint IS EXACTLY like making a leap of faith and assuming a full subjective engagement for its Cause ; yes , the “ truth ” of Marxism is perceptible only to those who accomplish this leap , NOT to any neutral observers .
What the EXTERNALITY means here is that this truth is nonetheless UNIVERSAL , not just the “ point - of - view ” of a particular historical subject : “ external ” intellectuals are needed because the working class cannot immediately perceive ITS OWN PLACE within the social totality which enables it to accomplish its “ mission ” — this insight has to be mediated through an external element .
And why not link these two externalities ( that of the traumatic experience of the divine Real , and that of the Party ) to the third one , that of the ANALYST in the psychoanalytic cure ?
In all three cases , we are dealing with the same impossibility which bears witness to a materialist obstacle : it is not possible for the believer to “ discover God in himself , ” through self - immersion , by spontaneously realizing its own Self —
God must intervene from outside , disturbing our balance ; it is not possible for the working class to actualize spontaneously its historical mission — the Party must intervene from outside , shaking it out of its self - indulgent spontaneity ; it is not possible for the patient / analyst to analyze himself — in contrast to the Gnostic self - immersion , in psychoanalysis , there is no self - analysis proper , analysis is only possible if a foreign kernel which gives body to the object - cause of the subject ’s desire .
Why , then , this impossibility ?
Precisely because neither of the three subjects ( believer , proletarian , analyst ) is a self - centered agent of self - mediation , but a decentered agent struggling with a foreign kernel .
God , Analyst , Party — the three forms of the “ subject supposed to know , ” of the transferential object , which is why , in all three cases , one hears the claim “ God / Analyst / the Party is always right ” ; and , as it was clear already to Kierkegaard , the truth of this statement is always its negative — MAN is always wrong .
This external element does not stand for objective knowledge , i.e. its externality is strictly INTERNAL : the need for the Party stems from the fact that the working class is never “ fully itself . ”
In his Introduction to the Critique of Hegel ’s Philosophy of Right , Marx already deploys something like the logic of hegemony : the emergence of a “ universal class , ” a particular class which imposes itself as universal , engendering global enthusiasm , standing for society AS SUCH against the ancien regime , anti-social crime AS SUCH ( like bourgeoisie in the French revolution ) .
After follows the disillusion so sarcastically described by Marx : the day after , the gap between universal and particular becomes visible again , capitalist vulgar profit as the actuality of universal freedom , etc. — For Marx , of course , the only universal class whose singularity ( exclusion from society of property ) guarantees its ACTUAL universality , is the proletariat .
This is what Ernesto Laclau rejects in his logic of hegemony : for Laclau , the short - circuit between the Universal and the Particular is ALWAYS illusory , temporary , a kind of “ transcendental paralogism . ” 12 However , is Marx ’s proletariat really the negative of positive full essential humanity , or “ only ” the gap of universality AS SUCH , irrecoverable in any positivity ?
13
In Alain Badiou ’s terms , proletariat is not another PARTICULAR class , but a SINGULARITY of the social structure , and AS SUCH the universal class , the non-class among the classes .
What is crucial here is the properly temporal - dialectical tension between the Universal and the Particular .
When Marx says that , in Germany , because of the compromised pettiness of the bourgeoisie , it is too late for the partial bourgeois emancipation , and that , because of it , in Germany , the condition of every particular emancipation is the UNIVERSAL emancipation , one way to read this is to see in it the assertion of the universal “ normal ” paradigm and its exception : in the “ normal ” case , partial ( false ) bourgeois emancipation will be followed by the universal emancipation through the proletarian revolution , while in Germany , the “ normal ” order gets mixed up .
There is , however , another , much more radical way to read it : the very German exception , the inability of its bourgeoisie to achieve partial emancipation , opens up the space for the possible UNIVERSAL emancipation .
The dimension of universality thus emerges ( only ) where the “ normal ” order enchaining the succession of the particulars is perturbed .
Because of this , there is no “ normal ” revolution , EACH revolutionary explosion is grounded in an exception , in a short - circuit of “ too late ” and “ too early . ”
The French Revolution occurred because France was not able to follow the “ normal ” English path of capitalist development ; the very “ normal ” English path resulted in the “ unnatural ” division of labor between the capitalists who hold socio-economic power and the aristocracy to which was left the political power .
One can also make the same point in the terms of the opposition between interpretation and formalization 14 : the external agent ( Party , God , Analyst ) is NOT the one who “ understands us better than ourselves , ” who can provide the true interpretation of what our acts and statements mean ; it rather stands for the FORM of our activity .
Say , Marx ’s deployment of the commodity form in the Chapter 1 of Capital is NOT a “ narrative , ” a Vorstellung , but a Darstellung , the deployment of the inner structure of the universe of merchandises — the narrative is , on the contrary , the story of the “ primitive accumulation , ” the myth capitalism proposes about its own origins .
( Along the same lines , Hegel ’s Phenomenology — contrary to Rorty ’s reading — does not propose a large narrative , but the FORM of subjectivity ; as Hegel himself emphasizes in the Foreword , it focuses on the “ formal aspect / das Formelle /.15
This is how one should approach the absence of large all - encompassing narratives today — recall Fredric Jameson ’s supple description of the deadlock of the dialogue between the Western New Left and the Eastern European dissidents , of the absence of any common language between them :
“ To put it briefly , the East wishes to talk in terms of power and oppression ; the West in terms of culture and commodification .
There are really no common denominators in this initial struggle for discursive rules , and what we end up with is the inevitable comedy of each side muttering irrelevant replies in its own favorite language .
"
16
Jameson at the same time insists that Marxism still provides the universal meta - language enabling us to situate and relate all other partial narrativizations / interpretations — is he simply inconsistent ?
Are there two Jamesons : one , postmodern , the theorist of the irreducible multiplicity of the narratives , the other , the more traditional partisan of the Marxist universal hermeneutics ?
The only way to save Jameson from this predicament is to insist that Marxism is here not the all - encompassing interpretive horizon , but the matrix which enables us to account for ( to generate ) the multiplicity of narratives and / or interpretations .
It is also here that one should introduce the key dialectical distinction between the FOUNDING figure of a movement and the later figure who FORMALIZED this movement : ultimately , it was Lenin who effectively “ formalized ” Marx by way of defining the Party as the political form of its historical intervention , in the same way that St. Paul “ formalized ” Christ and Lacan “ formalized ” Freud.17
This formalization is strictly correlative to focusing on the Real of an antagonism : “ class struggle ” is not the last horizon of meaning , the last signified of all social phenomena , but the formal generative matrix of the different ideological horizons of understanding .
That is to say , one should not confuse this properly dialectical notion of Form with the liberal - multiculturalist notion of Form as the neutral framework of the multitude of “ narratives ” — not only literature , but also politics , religion , science , they are all different narratives , stories we are telling ourselves about ourselves , and the ultimate goal of ethics is to guarantee the neutral space in which this multitude of narratives can peacefully coexist , in which everyone , from ethnic to sexual minorities , will have the right and possibility to tell his story .
The properly dialectical notion of Form signals precisely the IMPOSSIBILITY of this liberal notion of Form : Form has nothing to do with “ formalism , ” with the idea of a neutral Form , independent of its contingent particular content ; it rather stands for the traumatic kernel of the Real , for the antagonism , which “ colors ” the entire field in question .
In this precise sense , class struggle is the Form of the Social : every social phenomenon is overdetermined by it , which means that it is not possible to remain neutral towards it .
Of Apes and Men
Lenin ’s legacy to be reinvented today is the politics of truth .
We live in the “ postmodern ” era in which truth - claims as such are dismissed as an expression of hidden power - mechanisms — as the reborn pseudo - Nietzscheans like to emphasize , truth is a lie which is most efficient in asserting our will to power .
The very question , apropos of some statement , “ Is it true ? ” , is supplanted by the question “ Under what power conditions can this statement be uttered ? ” .
What we get instead of the universal truth is the multitude of perspectives , or , as it is fashionable to put it today , of “ narratives ” — not only literature , but also politics , religion , science , they are all different narratives , stories we are telling ourselves about ourselves , and the ultimate goal of ethics is to guarantee the neutral space in which this multitude of narratives can peacefully coexist , in which everyone , from ethnic to sexual minorities , will have the right and possibility to tell his story .
THE two philosophers of today ’s global capitalism are the two great Left - liberal “ progressives , ” Richard Rorty and Peter Singer — honest in their consequent stance .
Rorty defines the basic coordinates : the fundamental dimension of a human being is the ability to suffer , to experience pain and humiliation — consequently , since humans are symbolic animals , the fundamental right is the right to narrate one ’s experience of suffering and humiliation .
18 Singer then provides the Darwinian background .19
Singer — usually designated as a “ social Darwinist with a collectivist socialist face ” — starts innocently enough , trying to argue that people will be happier if they lead lives committed to ethics : a life spent trying to help others and reduce suffering is really the most moral and fulfilling one .
He radicalizes and actualizes Jeremiah Bentham , the father of Utilitarianism : the ultimate ethical criterion is not the dignity ( rationality , soul ) of man , but the ability to SUFFER , to experience pain , which man shares with animals .
With inexorable radicality , Singer levels the animal / human divide : better kill an old suffering woman that healthy animals ...
Look an orangutan straight in the eye and what do you see ?
A none - too - distant cousin — a creature worthy of all the legal rights and privileges that humans enjoy .
One should thus extend aspects of equality — the right to life , the protection of individual liberties , the prohibition of torture — at least to the nonhuman great apes ( chimpanzees , orangutans , gorillas ) .
Singer argues that “ speciesism ” ( privileging the human species ) is no different from racism : our perception of a difference between humans and ( other ) animals is no less illogical and unethical than our one - time perception of an ethical difference between , say , men and women , or blacks and whites .
Intelligence is no basis for determining ethical stature : the lives of humans are not worth more than the lives of animals simply because they display more intelligence ( if intelligence were a standard of judgment , Singer points out , we could perform medical experiments on the mentally retarded with moral impunity ) .
Ultimately , all things being equal , an animal has as much interest in living as a human .
Therefore , all things being equal , medical experimentation on animals is immoral : those who advocate such experiments claim that sacrificing the lives of 20 animals will save millions of human lives — however , what about sacrificing 20 humans to save millions of animals ?
As Singer ’s critics like to point out , the horrifying extension of this principle is that the interests of 20 people outweighs the interests of one , which gives the green light to all sorts of human rights abuses .
Consequently , Singer argues that we can no longer rely on traditional ethics for answers to the dilemmas which our constellation imposes on ourselves ; he proposes a new ethics meant to protect the quality , not the sanctity , of human life .
As sharp boundaries disappear between life and death , between humans and animals , this new ethics casts doubt on the morality of animal research , while offering a sympathetic assessment of infanticide .
When a baby is born with severe defects of the sort that always used to kill babies , are doctors and parents now morally obligated to use the latest technologies , regardless of cost ?
NO .
When a pregnant woman loses all brain function , should doctors use new procedures to keep her body living until the baby can be born ?
NO .
Can a doctor ethically help terminally ill patients to kill themselves ?
YES .
The first thing to discern here is the hidden utopian dimension of such a survivalist stance .
The easiest way to detect ideological surplus - enjoyment in an ideological formation is to read it as a dream and analyze the displacement at work in it .
Freud reports of a dream of one of his patients which consists of a simple scene : the patient is at a funeral of one of his relatives .
The key to the dream ( which repeats a real - life event from the previous day ) is that , at this funeral , the patient unexpectedly encountered a woman , his old love towards whom he still felt very deeply — far from being a masochistic dream , this dream thus simply articulates the patient ’s joy at meeting again his old love .
Is the mechanism of displacement at work in this dream not strictly homologous to the one elaborated by Fredric Jameson apropos of a science - fiction film which takes place in California in near future , after a mysterious virus has very quickly killed a great majority of the population ?
When the film ’s heroes wander in the empty shopping malls , with all the merchandises intact at their disposal , is this libidinal gain of having access to the material goods without the alienating market machinery not the true point of the film occluded by the displacement of the official focus of the narrative on the catastrophe caused by the virus ?
At an even more elementary level , is not one of the commonplaces of the sci - fi theory that the true point of the novels or movies about a global catastrophe resides in the sudden reassertion of social solidarity and the spirit of collaboration among the survivors ?
It is as if , in our society , global catastrophe is the price one has to pay for gaining access to solidary collaboration ...
When my son was a small boy , his most cherished personal possession was a special large “ survival knife ” whose handle contained a compass , a sack of powder to disinfect water , a fishing hook and line , and other similar items — totally useless in our social reality , but perfectly fitting the survivalist fantasy of finding oneself alone in wild nature .
It is this same fantasy which , perhaps , give the clue to the success of Joshua Piven ’s and David Borgenicht ’s surprise best - seller The Worst - Case Scenario Survival Handbook.20
Suffice it to mention two supreme examples from it :
What to do if an alligator has its jaws closed on your limb ?
( Answer : you should tap or punch it on the snout , because alligators automatically react to it by opening their mouths . )
What to do if you confront a lion which threatens to attack you ?
( Answer : try to make yourself appear bigger than you are by opening your coat wide . )
The joke of the book thus consists in the discord between its enunciated content and its position of enunciation : the situations it describes are effectively serious and the solutions correct — the only problem is WHY IS THE AUTHOR TELLING US ALL THIS ?
WHO NEEDS THIS ADVICE ?
The underlying irony is that , in our individualistic competitive society , the most useless advice concerns survival in extreme physical situations — what one effectively needs is the very opposite , the Dale Carnegie type of books which tell us how to win over ( manipulate ) other people : the situations rendered in The Worst - Case Scenario lack any symbolic dimension , they reduce us to pure survival machines .
In short , The Worst - Case Scenario became a best - seller for the very same reason Sebastian Junger ’s The Perfect Storm , the story ( and the movie ) about the struggle for survival of a fishing vessel caught in the “ storm of the century ” east of the Canadian coast in 1991 , became one : they both stage the fantasy of the pure encounter with a natural threat in which the socio- symbolic dimension is suspended .
In a way , The Perfect Storm even provides the secret utopian background of The Worst - Case Scenario : it is only in such extreme situations that an authentic intersubjective community , held together by solidarity , can emerge .
Let us not forget that The Perfect Storm is ultimately the book about the solidarity of a small working class collective !
The humorous appeal of The Worst - Case Scenario can thus be read as bearing witness to our utter alienation from nature , exemplified by the shortage of contact with “ real life ” dangers .
We all know the standard pragmatic - utilitarian criticism of the abstract humanist education : who needs philosophy , Latin quotes , classic literature — one should rather learn how to act and produce in real life ... well , in The Worst - Case Scenario , we get such real life lessons , with the result that they uncannily resemble the useless classic humanist education .
Recall the proverbial scenes of the drilling of young pupils , boring them to death by making them mechanically repeat some formulas ( like the declination of the Latin verbs ) — the Worst - Case Scenario counterpoint to it would have been the scene of forcing the small children in the elementary school to learn by heart the answers to the predicaments this book describes by repeating them mechanically after the teacher : “ When the alligator bites your leg , you punch him on the nose with your hand !
When the lion confronts you , you open your coat wide !
"
21
So , back to Singer , one cannot dismiss him as a monstrous exaggeration — what Adorno said about psychoanalysis ( its truth resides in its very exaggerations ) 22 fully holds for Singer : he is so traumatic and intolerable because his scandalous “ exaggerations ” directly renders visible the truth of the so - called postmodern ethics .
Is effectively not the ultimate horizon of the postmodern “ identity politics ” Darwinian — defending the right of some particular species of the humankind within the panoply of their proliferating multitude ( gays with AIDS , black single mothers ... ) ?
The very opposition between “ conservative ” and “ progressive ” politics can be conceived of in the terms of Darwinism : ultimately , conservatives defend the right of those with might ( their very success proves that they won in the struggle for survival ) , while progressives advocate the protection of endangered human species , i.e. , of those losing the struggle for survival .
23
One of the divisions in the chapter on Reason in Hegel ’s Phenomenology of Spirit speaks about “ das geistige Tierreich ” ( the spiritual animal kingdom ) : the social world which lacks any spiritual substance , so that , in it , individuals effectively interact as “ intelligent animals . ”
They use reason , but only in order to assert their individual interests , to manipulate others into serving their own pleasures .
24 Is not a world in which the highest rights are human rights precisely such a “ spiritual animal kingdom , ” a universe ?
There is , however , a price to be paid for such liberation — in such a universe , human rights ultimately function as ANIMAL rights .
This , then , is the ultimate truth of Singer : our universe of human right is the universe of animal rights .
The obvious counterargument is here : so what ?
Why should we not reduce humankind to its proper place , that of one of the animal species ?
What gets lost in this reduction ?
Jacques - Alain Miller , the main pupil of Jacques Lacan , once commented an uncanny laboratory experiment with rats25 : in a labyrinthine set - up , a desired object ( a piece of good food or a sexual partner ) is first made easily accessible to a rat ; then , the set - up is changed in such a way that the rat sees and thereby knows where the desired object is , but cannot gain access to it ; in exchange for it , as a kind of consolation prize , a series of similar objects of inferior value is made easily accessible — how does the rat react to it ?
For some time , it tries to find its way to the “ true ” object ; then , upon ascertaining that this object is definitely out of reach , the rat will renounce it and put up with some of the inferior substitute objects — in short , it will act as a “ rational ” subject of utilitarianism .
It is only now , however , that the true experiment begins : the scientists performed a surgical operation on the rat , messing about with its brain , doing things to it with laser beams about which , as Miller put it delicately , it is better to know nothing .
So what happened when the operated rat was again let loose in the labyrinth , the one in which the “ true ” object is inaccessible ?
The rat insisted : it never became fully reconciled with the loss of the “ true ” object and resigned itself to one of the inferior substitutes , but repeatedly returned to it , attempted to reach it .
In short , the rat in a sense was humanized ; it assumed the tragic “ human ” relationship towards the unattainable absolute object which , on account of its very inaccessibility , forever captivates our desire .
On the other hand , it is this very “ conservative ” fixation that pushes man to continuing renovation , since he never can fully integrate this excess into his life process .
So we can see why did Freud use the term Todestrieb : the lesson of psychoanalysis is that humans are not simply alive ; on the top of it , they are possessed by a strange drive to enjoy life in excess of the ordinary run of things — and “ death ” stands simply and precisely for the dimension beyond ordinary biological life .
This , then , is what gets lost in Singer ’s “ geistige Tierreich ” : the Thing , something to which we are unconditionally attached irrespective of its positive qualities .
In Singer ’s universe , there is a place for mad cows , but no place for an Indian sacred cow .
In other words , what gets lost here is simply the dimension of truth — NOT “ objective truth ” as the notion of reality from a point of view which somehow floats above the multitude of particular narratives , but truth as the Singular Universal . ”
When Lenin said “ The theory of Marx is all - powerful , because it is true , ” everything depends on how we understand “ truth ” here : is it a neutral “ objective knowledge , ” or the truth of an engaged subject ?
Lenin ’s wager — today , in our era of postmodern relativism , more actual than ever — is that universal truth and partisanship , the gesture of taking sides , are not only not mutually exclusive , but condition each other : in a concrete situation , its UNIVERSAL truth can only be articulated from a thoroughly PARTISAN position — truth is by definition one - sided .
This , of course , goes against the predominant doxa of compromise , of finding a middle path among the multitude of conflicting interests .
If one does not specify the CRITERIA of the different , alternate , narrativization , then this endeavor courts the danger of endorsing , in the Politically Correct mood , ridiculous “ narratives ” like those about the supremacy of some aboriginal holistic wisdom , of dismissing science as just another narrative on a par with premodern superstitions .
The Leninist narrative to the postmodern multiculturalist “ right to narrate ” should thus be an unashamed assertion of the right to truth .
When , in the debacle of 1914 , all European Social Democratic parties ( with the honorable exception of the Russian Bolsheviks and the Serb Social Democrats ) succumbed to the war fervor and voted for the military credits , Lenin ’s thorough rejection of the “ patriotic line , ” in its very isolation from the predominant mood , designated the singular emergence of the truth of the entire situation .
In a closer analysis , one should exhibit how the cultural relativism of the “ right - to - narrate ” orientation contains its own apparent opposite , the fixation on the Real of some trauma which resists its narrativization .
This properly dialectical tension sustains today ’s the academic “ holocaust industry . ”
My own ultimate experience of the holocaust - industry police occurred in 1997 at a round table in the Centre Pompidou in Paris : I was viciously attacked for an intervention in which ( among other things ) I claimed , against the neoconservatives deploring the decline of faith today , that the basic need of a normal human being is not to believe himself , but to have another subject who will believe for him , at his place — the reaction of one of the distinguished participants was that , by claiming this , I am ultimately endorsing the holocaust revisionism , justifying the claim that , since everything is a discursive construct , this includes also the holocaust , so it is meaningless to search for what really happened there ...
Apart from displaying a hypocritical paranoia , my critic was doubly wrong : first , the holocaust revisionists ( to my knowledge ) NEVER argue in the terms of the postmodern discursive constructionism , but in the terms of very empirical factual analysis : their claims range from the “ fact ” that there is no written document in which Hitler would have ordered the holocaust , to the weird mathematics of “ taking into account the number of gas ovens in Auschwitz , it was not possible to burn so many corpses . ”
Furthermore , not only is the postmodern logic of “ everything is a discursive construction , there are no direct firm facts ” NEVER used to deflate the holocaust ; in a paradox worth noting , it is precisely the postmodern discursive constructionists ( like Lyotard ) who tend to elevate the holocaust into the supreme ineffable metaphysical Evil — the holocaust serves them as the untouchable - sacred Real , as the negative of the contingent language games .
26
The problem with those who perceive every comparison between the holocaust and other concentration camps and mass political crimes as an inadmissible relativization of the holocaust , is that they miss the point and display their own doubt : yes , the holocaust WAS unique , but the only way to establish this uniqueness is to compare it with other similar phenomena and thus demonstrate the limit of this comparison .
If one does not risk this comparison , of one prohibits it , one gets caught in the Wittgensteinian paradox of prohibiting to speak about that about which we cannot speak : if we stick to the prohibition of the comparison , the gnawing suspicion emerges that , if we were to be allowed to compare the holocaust with other similar crimes , it would be deprived of its uniqueness ...
Lenin As a Listener of Schubert
So how can the reference to Lenin deliver us from this stuff predicament ?
Some libertarian Leftists want to redeem — partially , at least — Lenin by opposing the “ bad ” Jacobin - elitist Lenin of What Is To Be Done ? , relying on the Party as the professional intellectual elite which enlightens the working class from OUTSIDE , and the “ good ” Lenin of State and Revolution , who envisioned the prospect of abolishing the State , of the broad masses directly taking into their hands the administration of the public affairs .
However , this opposition has its limits : the key premise of State and Revolution is that one cannot fully “ democratize ” the State , that State “ as such , ” in its very notion , is a dictatorship of one class over another ; the logical conclusion from this premise is that , insofar as we still dwell within the domain of the State , we are legitimized to exercise full violent terror , since , within this domain , every democracy is a fake .
So , since state is an instrument of oppression , it is not worth trying to improve its apparatuses , the protection of the legal order , elections , laws guaranteeing personal freedoms ... — all this becomes irrelevant .
The moment of truth in this reproach is that one cannot separate the unique constellation which enabled the revolutionary takeover in October 1917 from its later “ Stalinist ” turn : the very constellation that rendered the revolution possible ( peasants ’ dissatisfaction , a well - organized revolutionary elite , etc. ) led to the “ Stalinist ” turn in its aftermath — therein resides the proper Leninist tragedy .
Rosa Luxembourg ’s famous alternative “ socialism or barbarism ” ended up as the ultimate infinite judgement , asserting the speculative identity of the two opposed terms : the “ really existing ” socialism WAS barbarism .27
In the diaries of Georgi Dimitroff , which were recently published in German , 28 we get a unique glimpse into how Stalin was fully aware what brought him to power , giving an unexpected twist to his well - known slogan that “ people ( cadres ) are our greatest wealth . ”
When , at a diner in November 1937 , Dimitroff praises the “ great luck ” of the international workers , that they had such a genius as their leader , Stalin , Stalin answers :
“ ... I do not agree with him .
He even expressed himself in a non-Marxist way .
Decisive are the middle cadres . " ( 7.11.37 )
He puts it in an even clearer way a paragraph earlier :
“ Why did we win over Trotsky and others ?
It is well known that , after Lenin , Trotsky was the most popular in our land .
But we had the support of the middle cadres , and they explained our grasp of the situation to the masses ...
Trotsky did not pay any attention to these cadres . ”
Here Stalin spells out the secret of his rise to power : as a rather anonymous General Secretary , he nominated tens of thousands of cadres who owed their rise to him ...
This is why Stalin did not yet want Lenin dead in the early 1922 , rejecting his demand to be given poison to end his life after the debilitating stroke : if Lenin were to die already in early 1922 , the question of succession would not yet be resolved in Stalin ’s favor , since Stalin as the general secretary did not yet penetrate enough the Party apparatus with his appointees — he needed another year or two , so that , when Lenin effectively dies , he could count on the support of thousands of mid-level cadres nominated by him to win over the big old names of the Bolshevik “ aristocracy . ”
Here are some details of the daily life of Lenin and the Bolsheviks in 1917 and the following years , which , in their very triviality , render palpable the gap from the Stalinist nomenklatura .
When , in the evening of 24 October 1917 , Lenin left his flat for the Smolny Institute to coordinate the revolutionary takeover , he took a tram and asked the conductress if there was any fighting going on in the center that day .
In the years after the October Revolution , Lenin was mostly driving around in a car only with his faithful driver and bodyguard Gil ; a couple of times they were shot at , stopped by the police and arrested ( the policemen did not recognize Lenin ) , once , after visiting a school in suburbs , even robbed of the car and their guns by bandits posing as police , and then compelled to walk to the nearest police station .
When , on 30 August 1918 , Lenin was shot , this occurred while he got in a conversation with a couple of complaining women in front of a factory he just visited ; the bleeding Lenin was driven by Gil to Kremlin , were there were no doctors , so his wife Nadezhda Krupskaya suggested someone should run out to the nearest grocer ’s shop for a lemon ...
The standard meal in the Kremlin kantina in 1918 was buckwheat porridge and thin vegetable soup .
So much about the privileges of nomenklatura !
Lenin ’s slanderers like to evoke his famous paranoiac reaction at listening to Beethoven ’s appasionata ( he first started to cry , then claimed that a revolutionary cannot afford to let himself go to such sentiments , because they make him too weak , wanting to pat the enemies instead of mercilessly fighting them ) as the proof of his cold self - control and cruelty — however , even at its own terms , is this accident effectively an argument AGAINST Lenin ?
Does it not rather bear witness to an extreme sensitivity for music that needs to be kept in check in order to continue the political struggle ?
Who of today ’s cynical politicians still displays even a trace of such a sensitivity ?
Is not Lenin here at the very opposite of the high - ranked Nazis who , without any difficulty , combined such a sensitivity with the extreme cruelty in taking political decisions ( suffice it to recall Heydrich , the holocaust architect , who , after a hard day ’s work , always found time to play with his comrades Beethoven ’s string quartets ) — is not the proof of Lenin ’s humanity that , in contrast to this supreme barbarism , which resides in the very unproblematic unity of high culture and political barbarism , he was still extremely sensitive to the irreducible antagonism between art in power struggle ?
Furthermore , one is tempted to develop a Leninist theory of this high - cultured barbarism .
Hans Hotter ’s outstanding 1942 recording of Schubert ’s Winterreise seems to call for an intentionally anachronistic reading : it is easy to imagine German officers and soldiers listening to this recording in the Stalingrad trenches in the cold Winter of 42/43 .
Does the topic of Winterreise not evoke a unique consonance with the historical moment ?
Was not the whole campaign to Stalingrad a gigantic Winterreise , where each German soldier can say for himself the very first lines of the cycle :
“ I came here a stranger ,
As a stranger I depart " ?
Do the following lines not render their basic experience :
“ Now the world is so gloomy ,
The road shrouded in snow .
I cannot choose the time
To begin my journey ,
Must find my own way
In this darkness . ”
Here we have the endless meaningless march :
“ It burns under both my feet ,
Even though I walk on ice and snow ;
I do n’t want to catch my breath
Until I can no longer see the spires . ”
The dream of returning home in the Spring :
“ I dreamed of many - colored flowers ,
The way they bloom in May ;
I dreamed of green meadows ,
Of merry bird calls . ”
The nervous waiting for the post :
“ From the highroad a posthorn sounds .
Why do you leap so high , my heart ? ”
The shock of the morning artillery attack :
“ The cloud tatters flutter
Around in weary strife .
And fiery red flames
Dart around among them . ”
Utterly exhausted , the soldiers are refused even the solace of death :
“ I 'm tired enough to drop , have taken mortal hurt .
Oh , merciless inn , you turn me away ?
Well , onward then , still further , my loyal walking staff ! ”
What can one do in such a desperate situation , but to go on with heroic persistence , closing one ’s ears to the complaint of the heart , assuming the heavy burden of fate in a world deserted by Gods ?
“ If the snow flies in my face ,
I shake it off again .
When my heart speaks in my breast ,
I sing loudly and gaily .
I do n’t hear what it says to me ,
I have no ears to listen ;
I do n’t feel when it laments ,
Complaining is for fools .
Happy through the world along
Facing wind and weather !
If there ’s no God upon the earth ,
Then we ourselves are Gods ! ”
The obvious counter - argument is that all this is merely a superficial parallel : even if there is an echo of the atmosphere and emotions , they are in each case embedded in an entirely different context : in Schubert , the narrator wanders around in Winter because the beloved has dropped him , while the German soldiers were on the way to Stalingrad because of Hitler ’s military plans .
However , it is precisely in this displacement that the elementary ideological operation consists : the way for a German soldier to be able to endure his situation was to avoid the reference to concrete social circumstances which would become visible through reflection ( what the hell were they doing in Russia ?
what destruction did they bring to this country ?
what about killing the Jews ? ) , and , instead , to indulge in the Romantic bemoaning of one ’s miserable fate , as if the large historical catastrophe just materializes the trauma of a rejected lover .
Is this not the supreme proof of the emotional abstraction , of Hegel ’s idea that emotions are ABSTRACT , an escape from the concrete socio-political network accessible only to THINKING .
And one is tempted to make here a Leninist step further : in our reading of the Winterreise , we did not just link Schubert to a contingent later historical catastrophe , we did not just try to imagine how this song - cycle resonated to the embattled German soldiers in Stalingrad .
What if the link to this catastrophe enables us to read what was wrong in the Schubertian Romantic position itself ?
What if the position of the Romantic tragic hero , narcissistically focused on his own suffering and despair , elevating them into a source of perverted pleasure , is already in itself a fake one , an ideological screen masking the true trauma of the larger historical reality ?
One should thus accomplish the properly Hegelian gesture of projecting the split between the authentic original and its later reading colored by contingent circumstances back into the authentic original itself : what at first appears the secondary distortion , a reading twisted by the contingent external circumstances , tells us something about what the authentic original itself not only represses , leaves out , but had the function to repress .
Therein resides the Leninist answer to the famous passage from the Introduction to the Grundrisse manuscript , in which Marx mentions how easy it is to explain Homer ’s poetry from its unique historical context — it is much more difficult to explain its universal appeal , i.e. why it continues to give us artistic pleasure long after its historical context disappeared 29 : this universal appeal is based in its very ideological function of enabling us to abstract from our concrete ideologico - political constellation by way of taking refuge in the “ universal ” ( emotional ) content .
So , far from signalling some kind of trans - ideological heritage of the humankind , the universal attraction of Homer relies on the universalizing gesture of ideology .
“ Entre nous : If they kill me ... ”
In what , then , resides Lenin ’s greatness ?
Recall Lenin ’s shock when , in the Fall of 1914 , the Social Democratic parties adopted the “ patriotic line ” — Lenin even thought that the issue of Vorwärts , the daily newspaper of the German Social Democracy , which reported how Social Democrats in Reichstag voted for the military credits , was a forgery of the Russian secret police destined to deceive the Russian workers .
In that era of the military conflict that cut in half the European continent , how difficult it was to reject the notion that one should take sides in this conflict , and to fight against the “ patriotic fervor ” in one ’s own country !
How many great minds ( inclusive of Freud ) succumbed to the nationalist temptation , even if only for a couple of weeks !
This shock of 1914 was — in Badiou ’s terms — a desastre , a catastrophe in which an entire world disappeared : not only the idyllic bourgeois faith in progress , but ALSO the socialist movement which accompanied it .
Lenin himself ( the Lenin of What Is to Be Done ? ) lost the ground under his feet — there is , in his desperate reaction , no satisfaction , no “ I told you so ! ” THIS the moment of Verzweiflung , THIS catastrophe opened up the site for the Leninist event , for breaking the evolutionary historicism of the Second International — and only Lenin was the one at the level of this opening , the one to articulate the Truth of THIS catastrophe .30
Through this moment of despair , the Lenin who , through reading Hegel , was able to detect the unique chance for revolution , was born .
His State and Revolution is strictly correlative to this shattering experience — Lenin ’s full subjective engagement in it is clear from this famous letter to Kamenev from July 1917 :
“ Entre nous :
If they kill me , I ask you to publish my notebook “ Marxism & the State ” ( stuck in Stockholm ) .
It is bound in a blue cover .
It is a collection of all the quotations from Marx & Engels , likewise from Kautsky against Pannekoek .
There is a series of remarks & notes , formulations .
I think with a week ’s work it could be published .
I consider it imp. for not only Plekhanov but also Kautsky got it wrong .
Condition : all this is entre nous . "
31
The existential engagement is here extreme , and the kernel of the Leninist “ utopia ” arises out of the ashes of the catastrophe of 1914 , in his settling of the accounts with the Second International orthodoxy : the radical imperative to smash the bourgeois state , which means the state AS SUCH , and to invent a new communal social form without a standing army , police or bureaucracy , in which all could take part in the administration of the social matters .
This was for Lenin no theoretical project for some distant future — in October 1917 , Lenin claimed that “ we can at once set in motion a state apparatus constituting of ten if not twenty million people . "
32 This urge of the moment is the true utopia .
One cannot overestimate the explosive potential of The State and Revolution — in this book , “ the vocabulary and grammar of the Western tradition of politics was abruptly dispensed with .
” 33
What then followed can be called , borrowing the title of Althusser ’s text on Machiavelli , la solitude de Lenine : the time when he basically stood alone , struggling against the current in his own party .
When , in his “ April Theses ” from 1917 , Lenin discerned the Augenblick , the unique chance for a revolution , his proposals were first met with stupor or contempt by a large majority of his party colleagues .
Within the Bolshevik party , no prominent leader supported his call to revolution , and Pravda took the extraordinary step of dissociating the party , and the editorial board as a whole , from Lenin ’s “ April Theses ” — far from being an opportunist flattering and exploiting the prevailing mood of the populace , Lenin ’s views were highly idiosyncratic .
Bogdanov characterized “ April Theses ” as “ the delirium of a madman , " 34 and Nadezhda Krupskaya herself concluded that “ I am afraid it looks as if Lenin has gone crazy . "
35
“ Lenin ” is not the nostalgic name for old dogmatic certainty ; quite on the contrary , to put it in Kierkegaard ’s terms , THE Lenin which we want to retrieve is the Lenin - in - becoming , the Lenin whose fundamental experience was that of being thrown into a catastrophic new constellation in which old coordinates proved useless , and who was thus compelled to REINVENT Marxism — recall his acerbic remark apropos of some new problem : “ About this , Marx and Engels said not a word . ”
The idea is not to return to Lenin , but to REPEAT him in the Kierkegaardian sense : to retrieve the same impulse in today ’s constellation .
The return to Lenin aims neither at nostalgically reenacting the “ good old revolutionary times , ” nor at the opportunistic - pragmatic adjustment of the old program to “ new conditions , ” but at repeating , in the present world - wide conditions , the Leninist gesture of reinventing the revolutionary project in the conditions of imperialism and colonialism , more precisely : after the politico - ideological collapse of the long era of progressism in the catastrophe of 1914 .
Eric Hobsbawn defined the CONCEPT of the XXth century as the time between 1914 , the end of the long peaceful expansion of capitalism , and 1990 , the emergence of the new form of global capitalism after the collapse of the Really Existing Socialism .
What Lenin did for 1914 , we should do for 1990 .
“ Lenin ” stands for the compelling FREEDOM to suspend the stale existing ( post ) ideological coordinates , the debilitating Denkverbot in which we live — it simply means that we are allowed to think again .
One of the standard accusations against Lenin is that , insensible for the universal human dimension , he perceived all social events through the lenses of the class struggle , of “ us against them . ”
However , are Lenin ’s appeals against the patriotic fervor during the World War I not an exemplary case of practicing what Alain Badiou36 calls the universal function of “ humanity , ” which has nothing whatsoever to do with so - called “ humanism . ”
This “ humanity ” is neither a notional abstraction , nor the pathetic imaginary assertion of the all - encompassing brotherhood , but a universal function which actualizes itself in unique ecstatic experiences , like those of the soldiers from the opposite trenches starting to fraternize .
In Jaroslav Hasek ’s legendary comical novel The Good Soldier Schwejk , the adventures of an ordinary Czech soldier who undermines the ruling order by simply following orders too literally , Schwejk finds himself at the frontline trenches in Galicia , where the Austrian army is confronting the Russians .
When Austrian soldiers start to shoot , the desperate Schwejk runs into the no-man ’s - land in front of their trenches , waving desperately his hands and shouting : “ Do n’t shoot !
There are men on the other side ! ”
This is what Lenin was aiming at in his call to the tired peasants and other working masses in the Summer of 1917 to stop fighting , dismissed as part of a ruthless strategy to win popular support and thus gain power , even if it meant the military defeat of one ’s own country ( recall the standard argument that , when , in the Spring of 1917 , Lenin was allowed by the German state to pass on a sealed train through Germany on his way from Switzerland to Sweden , Finland and then Russia , he was de facto functioning as a German agent ) .
There is a long literary tradition of elevating the face to face encounter with an enemy soldier as THE authentic war experience ( see the writings of Ernst Juenger , who celebrated such encounters in his memoirs of the trench attacks in World War I ) : soldiers often fantasize about killing the enemy soldier in a face to face confrontation , looking him into the eyes before stabbing him .
The singular experience of humanity occurs when the mystique of such a face to face encounter is rendered meaningless .
The same sublime moment of solidarity took place in the battle for Stalingrad , when , on New Year ’s Eve of December 31 1942 , Russian actors and musicians visited the besieged city to entertain the troops ; the violinist Mikhail Goldstein went to the trenches to perform a one - man concert for the soldiers :
“ The melodies he created drifted out through loudspeakers to the German trenches and the shooting suddenly ceased .
In the eerie quiet , the music flowed from Goldstein ’s dipping bow .
When he finished , a hushed silence hung over the Russian soldiers .
From another loudspeaker , in German territory , a voice broke the spell .
In halting Russian it pleaded : ‘ Play some more Bach .
We wo n’t shoot . '
Goldstein picked up his violin and started a lively Bach gavotte . "
37
This same experience of humanity , of the meaninglessness of the conflict we are engaged in , can also take a much more mundane shape , that of a simple exchange of gazes which tells everything .
During one of the anti-apartheid demonstrations in the old South Africa , when a troop of white policemen was dispersing and pursuing black demonstrators , a policeman was running after a black lady , a rubber truncheon in his hand .
Unexpectedly , the lady lost one of her shoes ; automatically obeying his “ good manners , ” the policeman picked up the shoes and gave it to her ; at this moment , they exchanged glances and both became aware of the inanity of their situation — after such a gesture of politeness , i.e. after handling her the lost shoe and waiting for her to put it on again , it was simply IMPOSSIBLE for him to continue to run after her and to hit her with the truncheon ; so , after politely nodding at her , the policeman turned around and walked away ...
The moral of this story is NOT that the policeman suddenly discovered his innate goodness , i.e. we are NOT dealing here with the case of natural goodness winning over the racist ideological training ; on the contrary , in all probability , the policeman was — as to his psychological stance — a standard racist .
What triumphed here was simply his “ superficial ” training in politeness .
When the policeman stretched his hand in order to pass the shoe , this gesture was more than a moment of physical contact .
The white policeman and the black lady literally lived in two different socio-symbolic universes with no direct communication possible : for each of the two , the barrier which separated the two universes was for a brief moment suspended , and it was as if a hand from another , spectral , universe reached into one ’s ordinary reality .
The situation is similar to the scene in one of the early Joan Crawford films ( Possessed from 1930 ) , in which she plays a poor small town girl who , on her way home , has to stop before the rails since a train is passing slowly through the small town ; through the wagon ’s windows , she observes the wealthy life going on inside ( a cook preparing an exquisite meal , a couple dancing ... ) .
It is as if she found herself in a cinema theatre , a spectator confronted with scenes of the life she longs for , scenes which are close , but nonetheless simultaneously somewhat ethereal , spectral , threatening to dissolve at any moment .
And then , a true miracle occurs — when the train stops for a brief moment , an elder kind gentlemen is standing on the observation platform immediately in front of the girl , with his hand holding a glass with a drink stretching outwards , from the fantasmatic reality of the train to the everyday reality of the girl , and engages in a friendly conversation with her — a magical moments when the dream itself seems to intervene into our daily reality ...
The effect of this last shot resides in the way everyday reality itself — the scene of a train passing by an ordinary working girl — acquires the magic dimension of the poor girl encountering her dream .
And it is against the background of this scene that one should interpret the eerie event which took place on the evening of November 7 , 1942 , when , in his special train rolling through Thuringia , Hitler was discussing the day ’s major news with several aides in the dining car ; since allied air raids had damaged the tracks , the train frequently slowed its passage :
“ While dinner was served on exquisite china , the train stopped once more at a siding .
A few feet away , a hospital train marked time , and from their tiered cots , wounded soldiers peered into the blazing light of the dining room where Hitler was immersed in conversation .
Suddenly he looked up at the awed faces staring in at him .
In great anger he ordered the curtains drawn , plunging his wounded warriors back into the darkness of their own bleak world .
"
38
The miracle of this scene is redoubled : on each side , they experienced what they saw through the window - frame as a fantasmatic apparition : for Hitler , it was a nightmarish view of the results of his military adventure ; for the soldiers , it was the unexpected encounter with the Leader himself .
The true miracle would have been here if a hand were to stretch through the window — say , Hitler reaching over to a wounded soldier .
But , of course , it was precisely such an encounter , such an intrusion into his reality , that Hitler dreaded , so , instead of stretching his hand , he in panic ordered the curtains drawn .
A Cyberspace Lenin ?
So what are we to say to the standard reproach of “ extremism " ?
Lenin ’s critique of the “ Leftism as the Child Illness of the Communism ” is more than actual in the last decades , in which Left often succumbed to the terrorist temptation .
Political “ extremism ” or “ excessive radicalism ” should always be read as a phenomenon of ideologico - political displacement : as an index of its opposite , of a limitation , of a refusal effectively to “ go to the end . ”
What was the Jacobin ’s recourse to radical “ terror ” if not a kind of hysterical acting out bearing witness to their inability to disturb the very fundamentals of economic order ( private property , etc. ) ?
And does the same not go even for the so - called “ excesses ” of Political Correctness ?
Do they also not display the retreat from disturbing the effective ( economic etc. ) causes of racism and sexism ?
Perhaps , then , the time has come to render problematic the standard topos , shared by practically all the “ postmodern ” Leftists , according to which political “ totalitarianism ” somehow results from the predominance of material production and technology over the intersubjective communication and / or symbolic practice , as if the root of the political terror resides in the fact that the “ principle ” of instrumental reason , of the technological exploitation of nature , is extended also to society , so that people are treated as raw stuff to be transformed into a New Man .
What if it is the exact opposite which holds ?
What if political “ terror ” signals precisely that the sphere of ( material ) production is denied in its autonomy and subordinated to political logic ?
Is it not that all political “ terror , ” from Jacobins to Maoist Cultural Revolution , presupposes the foreclosure of production proper , its reduction to the terrain of political battle ?
Recall Badiou ’s exalted defense of Terror in the French Revolution , in which he quotes the justification of the guillotine for Lavoisier : “ La republique n'a pas de besoin de savants .
[ The Republic has no need for scientists . ] ”
Badiou ’s thesis is that the truth of this statement emerges if we cut it short , depriving it of its caveat : “ La republique n'a pas de besoins .
[ The Republic has no needs . ] ”
The Republic gives body to the purely political logic of equality and freedom which should follow its path with no consideration for the “ servicing of goods ” destined to satisfy the needs of the individuals .
39
In the revolutionary process proper , freedom becomes an end - in - itself , caught in its own paroxysm — this suspension of the importance of the sphere of economy , of the ( material ) production , brings Badiou close to Hannah Arendt for whom , in a strict homology to Badiou , freedom is opposed to the domain of the provision of services and goods , of the maintenance of households and the exercise of administration , which do not belong to politics proper : the only place for freedom is the communal political space .
In this precise sense , Badiou ’s ( and Sylvain Lazarus ’40 ) plea for the reappraisal of Lenin is more ambiguous than it may appear : what it effectively amounts to is nothing less than the abandonment of Marx ’s key insight into how the political struggle is a spectacle which , in order to be deciphered , has to be referred to the sphere of economics ( “ if Marxism had any analytical value for political theory , was it not in the insistence that the problem of freedom was contained in the social relations implicitly declared ‘ unpolitical ’ — that is , naturalized — in liberal discourse ” 41 ) .
No wonder that the Lenin Badiou and Lazarus prefer is the Lenin of What Is to Be Done ? , the Lenin who ( in his thesis that the socialist - revolutionary consciousness has to be brought from without to the working class ) breaks with Marx ’s alleged “ economism ” and asserts the autonomy of the Political , NOT the Lenin of The State and Revolution , fascinated by the modern centralized industry , imagining the ( depoliticized ) ways to reorganize economy and the state apparatus .
What all the new French ( or French oriented ) theories of the political , from Balibar through Ranciere and Badiou to Laclau and Mouffe , aim at is — to put it in the traditional philosophical terms — the reduction of the sphere of economy ( of the material production ) to an “ ontic ” sphere deprived of the “ ontological ” dignity .
Within this horizon , there is simply no place for the Marxian “ critique of political economy ” : the structure of the universe of commodities and capital in Marx ’s Capital is NOT just that of a limited empirical sphere , but a kind of socio - transcendental a priori , the matrix which generates the totality of social and political relations .
The relationship between economy and politics is ultimately that of the well - known visual paradox of the “ two faces or a vase ” : one either sees the two faces or a vase , never both of them — one has to make a choice .
42
In the same way , one either focuses on the political , and the domain of economy is reduced to the empirical “ servicing of goods , ” or one focuses on economy , and politics is reduced to a theatre of appearances , to a passing phenomenon which will disappear with the arrival of the developed Communist ( or technocratic ) society , in which , as already Engels put it , the “ administration of people ” will vanish in the “ administration of things . ”
43
The root of this notion of pure “ politics , ” radically autonomous with regard to history , society , economy , State , even Party , is Badiou ’s opposition between Being and Event — it is here that Badiou remains “ idealist . ”
From the materialist standpoint , an Event emerges “ out of nowhere ” within a specific constellation of Being — the space of an Event is the minimal “ empty ” distance between two beings , the “ other ” dimension which shines through this gap .
44
So when Badiou and Lazarus insist on the strict frontier between the Political and the Social ( the domain of State , historicism ... ) , they concede too much — namely , that SOCIETY EXISTS .
They do not get the lesson , articulated by Laclau , that “ society does n’t exist , ” that society is not a positive field , since the gap of the Political is inscribed into its very foundations ( Marx ’s name for the political which traverses the entire social body is “ class struggle ” ) .
Consequently , Lenin the ultimate political strategist should in no way be separated from Lenin the “ technocrat ” dreaming about the scientific reorganization of production .
The greatness of Lenin is that , although he lacked the proper conceptual apparatus to think these two levels together , he was aware of the urgency to do it — an impossible , yet necessary , task .
45
What we are dealing with here is another version of the Lacanian “ il n'y a pas de rapport ... " : if , for Lacan , there is no sexual relationship , then , for Marxism proper , there is no relationship between economy and politics , no “ meta - language ” enabling us to grasp from the same neutral standpoint the two levels , although — or , rather , BECAUSE — these two levels are inextricably intertwined .
The “ political ” class struggle takes place in the very midst of economy ( recall that the very last paragraph of Capital III , where the texts abruptly stops , tackles the class struggle ) , while , at the same time , the domain of economy serves as the key enabling us to decode political struggles .
No wonder that the structure of this impossible relationship is that of the Moebius band : first , we have to progress from the political spectacle to its economic infrastructure ; then , in the second step , we have to confront the irreducible dimension of the political struggle in the very heart of the economy .
Here , Lenin ’s stance against economism as well as against pure politics is crucial today , apropos of the split attitude towards economy in ( what remains of ) the radical circles : on the one hand , the above - mentioned pure “ politicians ” who abandon economy as the site of struggle and intervention ; on the other hand , the economists , fascinated by the functioning of today ’s global economy , who preclude any possibility of a political intervention proper .
Today , more than ever , we should here return to Lenin : yes , economy is the key domain , the battle will be decided there , one has to break the spell of the global capitalism — BUT the intervention should be properly POLITICAL , not economic .
The battle to be fought is thus a twofold one : first , yes , anti-capitalism .
However , anti-capitalism without problematizing the capitalism ’s POLITICAL form ( liberal parliamentary democracy ) is not sufficient , no matter how “ radical ” it is .
Perhaps THE lure today is the belief that one can undermine capitalism without effectively problematizing the liberal - democratic legacy which — as some Leftists claim — although engendered by capitalism , acquired autonomy and can serve to criticize capitalism .
This lure is strictly correlative to its apparent opposite , to the pseudo - Deleuzian love - hate fascinating / fascinated poetic depiction of Capital as a rhizomatic monstre / vampire which deterritorializes and swallows all , indomitable , dynamic , ever raising from the dead , each crisis making it stronger , Dionysos - Phoenix reborn ...
It is in this poetic ( anti ) capitalist reference to Marx that Marx is really dead : appropriated when deprived of his political sting .
Marx was fascinated by the revolutionary “ deterritorializing ” impact of capitalism which , in its inexorable dynamics , undermines all stable traditional forms of human interaction ; what he repproached capitalism with is that its “ deterritorialization ” was not thorough enough , that it generated new “ reterritorializations ” — the ultimate obstacle to capitalism is capitalism itself , i.e. capitalism unleashes a dynamics it is no longer be able to contain .
Far from being outdated , this claim seems to gain actuality with today ’s growing deadlocks of globalization in which the inherently antagonistic nature of capitalism belies its worldwide triumph .
However , the problem is : is it still possible to imagine Communism ( or another form of post - capitalist society ) as a formation which sets free the deterritorializing dynamics of capitalism , liberating it of its inherent constraints ?
Marx ’s fundamental vision was that a new , higher social order ( Communism ) is possible , an order that would not only maintain , but even raise to a higher degree and effectively fully release the potential of the self - increasing spiral of productivity which , in capitalism , on account of its inherent obstacle / contradiction , is again and again thwarted by socially destructive economic crises .
What Marx overlooked is that , to put it in the standard Derridean terms , this inherent obstacle / antagonism as the “ condition of impossibility ” of the full deployment of the productive forces is simultaneously its “ condition of possibility " : if we abolish the obstacle , the inherent contradiction of capitalism , we do not get the fully unleashed drive to productivity finally delivered of its impediment , but we lose precisely this productivity that seemed to be generated and simultaneously thwarted by capitalism — if we take away the obstacle , the very potential thwarted by this obstacle dissipates ... therein would reside a possible Lacanian critique of Marx , focusing on the ambiguous overlapping between surplus - value and surplus - enjoyment .
46
While this constant self - propelling revolutionizing still holds for the high Stalinism with its total productive mobilization , the “ stagnant ” late Real Socialism legitimizes itself ( between the lines , at least ) as a society in which one can live peacefully , avoiding the capitalist competitive stress .
This was the last line of defense when , from the late 60s onwards , after the fall of Khrushchev ( the last enthusiast who , during his visit to the US , prophesied that “ your grandchildren will be Communists ” ) , it became clear that the Real Socialism was losing the competitive edge in its war with capitalism .
So the stagnant late Real Socialism in a way already WAS “ socialism with a human face " : silently abandoning great historical tasks , it provided the security of the everyday life going on in a benevolent boredom .
Today ’s nostalgia for the defunct Socialism mostly consists in such a conservative nostalgia for the self - satisfied constrained way of life ; even the nostalgic anti-capitalist artists from Peter Handke to Joseph Beuys celebrate this aspect of Socialism : the absence of stressful mobilization and frantic commodification .
Of course , this unexpected shift tells us something about the deficiency of the original Marxist project itself : it points towards the limitation of its goal of unleashed productive mobilization .
Capitalism is not just a historical epoch among others — in a way , the once fashionable and today forgotten Francis Fukuyama WAS right , global capitalism IS “ the end of history . ”
A certain excess which was as it were kept under check in previous history , perceived as a localizable perversion , as an excess , a deviation , is in capitalism elevated into the very principle of social life , in the speculative movement of money begetting more money , of a system which can survive only by constantly revolutionizing its own conditions , that is to say , in which the thing can only survive as its own excess , constantly exceeding its own “ normal ” constraints .
Let us take the case of consumption : before modernity , we were dealing with the direct opposition between moderate consumption and its excess ( gluttony , etc. ) ; with capitalism , the excess ( the consumption of “ useless things ” ) becomes THE RULE , i.e. the elementary form of buying is the act of buying things we “ do NOT really need . ”
And , perhaps , it is only today , in the global capitalism in its “ postindustrial ” digitalized form , that , to put it in Hegelian terms , the really - existing capitalism is reaching the level of its notion : perhaps , one should follow again Marx ’s old anti-evolutionist motto ( incidentally , taken verbatim from Hegel ) that the anatomy of man provides the key for the anatomy of a monkey , i.e. that , in order to deploy the inherent notional structure of a social formation , one must start with its most developed form .
Marx located the elementary capitalist antagonism in the opposition between use - and exchange - value : in capitalism , the potentials of this opposition are fully realized , the domain of exchange - values is acquires autonomy , is transformed into the spectre of self - propelling speculative capital which needs the productive capacities and needs of actual people only as its dispensable temporal embodiment .
Marx derived the very notion of economic crisis from this gap : a crisis occurs when reality catches up with the illusory self - generating mirage of money begetting more money — this speculative madness cannot go on indefinitely , it has to explode in ever stronger crises .
The ultimate root of the crisis is for him the gap between use and exchange value : the logic of exchange value follows its own path , its own mad dance , irrespective of the real needs of real people .
It may appear that this analysis is more than actual today , when the tension between the virtual universe and the real is reaching almost palpably unbearable proportions : on the one hand , we have crazy solipsistic speculations about futures , mergers , etc. , following their own inherent logic ; on the other hand , reality is catching up in the guise of ecological catastrophes , poverty , the Third World collapse of social life , the Mad Cow Disease .
This is why cyber - capitalists can appear as the paradigmatic capitalists today , this is why Bill Gates can dream of the cyberspace as providing the frame for what he calls “ frictionless capitalism . ”
What we have here is an ideological short - circuit between the two version of the gap between reality and virtuality : the gap between real production and virtual spectral domain of the Capital , and the gap between experiential reality and virtual reality of cyberspace .
It effectively seems that the cyberspace gap between my fascinating screen persona and the miserable flesh which is “ me ” off the screen translates into the immediate experience the gap between the Real of the speculative circulation of the capital and the drab reality of impoverished masses ...
However , is this — this recourse to “ reality ” which will sooner or later catch up with the virtual game — really the only way to operationalize a critique of capitalism ?
What if the problem of capitalism is not this solipsistic mad dance , but precisely the opposite : that it continues to disavow its gap with “ reality , ” that it presents itself as serving real needs of real people ?
The originality of Marx is that he played on both cards simultaneously : the origin of capitalist crises is the gap between use - and exchange - value , AND capitalism constrains the free deployment of productivity .
What all this means is that the urgent task of the economic analysis today is , again , to REPEAT Marx ’s “ critique of political economy ” without succumbing to the temptation of the multitude of the ideologies of “ postindustrial ” societies .
The key change concerns the status of private property : the ultimate element of power and control is no longer the last link in the chain of investments , the firm or individual who “ really owns ” the means of production .
The ideal capitalist today functions in a wholly different way : investing borrowed money , “ really owning ” nothing , even indebted , but nonetheless controlling things .
A corporation is owned by another corporation , which is again borrowing money from banks , which may ultimately manipulate money owned by ordinary people like ourselves .
With Bill Gates , the “ private property of the means of production ” becomes meaningless , at least in the standard meaning of the term .
The paradox of this virtualization of capitalism is ultimately the same as that of the electron in the elementary particle physics .
The mass of each element in our reality is composed of its mass at rest plus the surplus provided by the acceleration of its movement ; however , an electron ’s mass at rest is zero , its mass consists only of the surplus generated by the acceleration of its movement , as if we are dealing with a nothing which acquires some deceptive substance only by magically spinning itself into an excess of itself .
Does today ’s virtual capitalist not function in a homologous way — his “ net value ” is zero , he directly operates just with the surplus , borrowing from the future ?
47
So where is Lenin in all this ?
According to the predominant doxa , in the years after the October Revolution , Lenin ’s decline of faith in the creative capacities of the masses led him to emphasize the role of science and the scientists , to rely on the authority of the expert : he hailed
“ the beginning of that very happy time when politics will recede into the background , /.../ and engineers and agronomists will do most of the talking .
"
48
Technocratic post- politics ?
Lenin ’s ideas about how the road to socialism runs through the terrain of monopoly capitalism may appear dangerously naive today :
“ Capitalism has created an accounting apparatus in the shape of the banks , syndicates , postal service , consumers ’ societies , and office employees unions .
Without big banks socialism would be impossible .
/.../ our task is here merely to lop off what capitalistically mutilates this excellent apparatus , to make it even bigger , even more democratic , even more comprehensive .
/.../
This will be country - wide book - keeping , country - wide accounting of the production and distribution of goods , this will be , so to speak , something in the nature of the skeleton of socialist society . "
49
Is this not the most radical expression of Marx ’s notion of the general intellect regulating all social life in a transparent way , of the post - political world in which “ administration of people ” is supplanted by the “ administration of things ” ?
It is , of course , easy to play against this quote the tune of the “ critique on instrumental reason ” and “ administered world / verwaltete Welt / " : the “ totalitarian ” potentials are inscribed in this very form of total social control .
It is easy to remark sarcastically how , in the Stalinist epoch , the apparatus of social administration effectively became “ even bigger . ”
Furthermore , is this postpolitical vision not the very opposite of the Maoist notion of the eternity of the class struggle ( “ everything is political ” ) ?
Are , however , things really so unambiguous ?
What if one replaces the ( obviously dated ) example of the central bank with the World Wide Web , today ’s perfect candidate for the General Intellect ?
Dorothy Sayers claimed that Aristotele ’s Poetics effectively is the theory of the detective novels avant la lettre — since the poor Aristotle did n’t yet know of the detective novel , he had to refer to the only examples at his disposal , the tragedies ...
Along the same lines , Lenin was effectively developing the theory of a role of World Wide Web , but , since WWW was unknown to him , he had to refer to the unfortunate central banks .
Consequently , can one also say that “ without the World Wide Web socialism would be impossible .
/.../ our task is here merely to lop off what capitalistically mutilates this excellent apparatus , to make it even bigger , even more democratic , even more comprehensive ” ?
In these conditions , one is tempted to resuscitate the old , opprobrious and half - forgotten , Marxian dialectics of the productive forces and the relations of production : it is already a commonplace to claim that , ironically , it was this very dialectics which buried the Really Existing Socialism : Socialism was not able to sustain the passage from industrial to postindustrial economy .
However , does capitalism really provide the “ natural ” frame of the relations of production for the digital universe ?
Is there not in the World Wide Web an explosive potential also for capitalism itself ?
Is not the lesson of the Microsoft monopoly precisely the Leninist one : instead of fighting its monopoly through the state apparatus ( recall the court - ordered split of the Microsoft Corporation ) , would it not be more “ logical ” just to SOCIALIZE it , rendering it freely accessible ?
50
So what about the basic reproach according to which , Lenin is irrelevant for us today because he remained stuck within the horizon of the industrial mass production ( recall his celebration of Fordism ) ?
The first thing to do here is to ask the elementary question : what is a factory ?
Leslie Kaplan ’s essay - poem L'exces - usine ,51 with its description of the “ Hell ” of the factory life , renders palpable the dimension overlooked in the standard Marxist depictions of the workers ’ “ alienation . ”
Kaplan opposes the self - enclosed universe of the factory to the open environment of the previous work - process : the factory space is a timeless space in which fiction and reality ultimately coincide , i.e. the very reality of this space functions as the fantasmatic space cut off from its environs .
What is lacking in this space is the full “ background noise ” which provides the life - world context to human individuals : in a factory , as Kaplan puts it , instead of the rich tapestry of the background - environment , there is only a whiteness — in short , it is as if , when we are in a factory , we enter an artificial universe which is deprived of the substantial wealth of the real - life texture .
In this space , ( historical - narrative ) memory itself is threatened : workers are cut off their ancestral roots , and this also affects their utopian potentials themselves : reduced to robots endlessly repeating the same mechanical gestures , they lose the very capacity to dream , to devise projects of alternate reality .
What they experience is no longer the nostalgia for a determinate past ( say , of their previous more “ organic ” farmers ’ lives ) , but , as Kaplan puts it perspicuously , the “ absolute nostalgia ” for an empty Otherness whose sole positive content is , again , the factory life itself — say , the empty corridors of a factory .
So , within these coordinates , what does the passage from the factory production to the “ postindustrial ” production in which workers are again isolated and can even work at home , behind their computer screen , mean ?
The disabling alternative of today ’s Marxism is : what to do apropos of the growing importance of the “ immaterial production ” today ( cyber- workers ) ?
Do we insist that only those involved in “ real ” material production are the working class , or do we accomplish the fateful step of accepting that the “ symbolic workers ” are the ( true ) proletarians today ?
One should resist this step , because it obfuscates the DIVISION between immaterial and material production , the SPLIT in the working class between ( as a rule geographically separated ) cyber - workers and material workers ( programmers in the US or India , the sweat shops in China or Indonesia ) .
Perhaps , it is the figure of the UNEMPLOYED ( JOBLESS ) who stands for the pure proletarian today : the unemployed substantial determination remains that of a worker , but they are prevented from actualizing it OR to renounce it , so they remain suspended in the potentiality of workers who cannot work .
Perhaps , we are today in a sense “ all jobless ” : jobs tend to be more and more based on short term contracts , so that the jobless state is the rule , the zero - level , and the temporary job the exception .
The key antagonism of the so - called new ( digital ) industries is thus : how to maintain the form of ( private ) property , within which only the logic of profit can be maintained ( see also the Napster problem , the free circulation of music ) .
And do the legal complications in biogenetics not point in the same direction ?
The key element of the new international trade agreements is the “ protection of intellectual property ” : whenever , in a merger , a big First World company takes over a Third World company , the first thing they do is close down the research department .
Phenomena emerge here which bring the notion of property to extraordinary dialectical paradoxes : in India , the local communities suddenly discover that medical practices and materials they are using for centuries are now owned by American companies , so they should be bought from them ; with the biogenetic companies patenting genes , we are all discovering that parts of ourselves , our genetic components , are already copyrighted , owned by others ...
However , the outcome of this crisis of the private property of the means of production is by no means guaranteed — it is HERE that one should take into account the ultimate paradox of the Stalinist society : against the capitalism which is the class society , but in principle egalitarian , without direct hierarchical divisions , the “ mature ” Stalinism is a classless society articulated in precisely defined hierarchical groups ( top nomenklatura , technical intelligence , army ... ) .
What this means is that , already for Stalinism , the classic Marxist notion of the class struggle is no longer adequate to describe its hierarchy and domination : in the Soviet Union from the late 20s onwards , the key social division was not defined by property , but by the direct access to power mechanisms and to the privileged material and cultural conditions of life ( food , accommodation , healthcare , freedom of travel , education ) .
And , perhaps , the ultimate irony of history will be that , in the same way Lenin ’s vision of the “ central bank Socialism ” can be properly read only retroactively , from t
Recommended for you
2:08
Who Will Win the Election ?
Look at Stock Markets for Clues
The stock market does n't decide who wins the election , but history shows that a weak performance in the run-up to the vote favors the challenger — and vice versa .
WSJ 's Paul Vigna explains how market swings can affect President Trump and Joe Biden .
6:36
The Blank - Check Boom Poses Pitfalls for Investors
4:00
Four Ways to Stop Chrome From Slowing Down Your Computer
8:11
Kodak ’s Decline Took Decades ; Its Comeback Fell Through in a Flash
2:48
Trump Denies New York Times Report on His Income Taxes
2:01
Northern California Wildfires Force Thousands to Evacuate
1:59
Elon Musk ’s Vision for a $ 25,000 Vehicle With Cheaper Batteries
2:05
Anthony Fauci on What It Will Take to Put Covid - 19 Behind Us
3:15
' Would You Shut Up , Man ? '
Trump and Biden ’s Chaotic Debate
1:19
Millions of Rapid Covid -19 Tests to Be Distributed in the U.S .
1:54
Sitting down all day is bad for you , or so doctors say .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The Parliamentary Commissioner for Standards is considering a complaint over Communities Minister Shahid Malik .
It came after Gordon Brown denied he acted too quickly in bringing Mr Malik back into government , following fresh allegations about the MP 's expenses .
Mr Malik denies a Daily Telegraph story about claiming for two offices .
The commissioner , John Lyon , said he was considering the complaint , which was made by the Sunlight Centre for Open Politics transparency campaign .
' Public concern '
The Telegraph alleges Mr Malik claimed the maximum second home allowance on his London property while he funded his office on the ground floor of his constituency home in Dewsbury through a separate system of parliamentary office expenses .
Mr Malik has described the latest story as " complete fabrication " .
In a brief statement , he said : " I have never claimed anything from the public purse for any living accommodation apart from that which is permissible for my second home .
" I have certainly not claimed a penny from the public purse for my designated main home . "
Mr Brown said the communities minister was cleared by watchdog Sir Philip Mawer of breaching the ministerial code over the first set of allegations .
If there is any difficulty or impropriety , action will have to be taken
Prime Minister Gordon Brown
And he would be answerable to independent auditors - like all other MPs - over any further allegations .
But in a letter to Mr Lyon , Harry Cole of the Sunlight Centre , which describes itself as a " non-partisan , not - for - profit company " , said there was " intense public concern about this issue " .
The communities minister stepped down while earlier stories about his financial arrangements were investigated by Sir Philip , who advises the prime minister on ministerial interests .
Sir Philip , who cleared the minister of breaching the ministerial code over the rental arrangement for his constituency home , said in a statement that he stood by his judgement .
In his report , published on Wednesday , Sir Philip said there was not enough evidence to back up the Telegraph 's claim that Mr Malik had benefited from a preferential rent on his constituency home .
He found that the rent he was paying was a reasonable market rate - but criticised the MP for failing to provide receipts or a tenancy agreement to back up his claims .
Mr Malik had originally rented one property for £ 320 a month for three - and - a - half years until the end of May 2008 , the report says .
He then moved into the larger property next door for a monthly rent of £ 620 .
He continued to pay £ 320 a month in direct debit but paid the remaining £ 300 in cash , at the request of the property management company .
Mr Malik told Sir Philip he had not thought this " unusual " or a " means of tax avoidance " as he knew the manager of the property company was a " strictly practising Muslim " who as a " matter of religious observance or a cultural norm " would have preferred to deal in cash .
' Unfortunate '
As a result , the report says , the MP had been unable to produce receipts or a rental agreement to back up his claims he was not renting his constituency home at a preferential rate .
Sir Philip Mawer said it was " unfortunate " that Mr Malik had not been able to establish a proper audit trail to support his assertions that he had not benefitted from discount rent and that he had paid the balance of his new , higher rent in cash .
After studying Mr Malik 's bank statements and paperwork provided by the property company , Sir Philip concluded " it is more likely than not that these cash payments were made " .
But he added : " It is unfortunate , particularly given his public position , that , in respect of that house , Mr Malik did not think of obtaining at the outset a rental agreement specifying in writing the rent to be paid . "
Audit Mr Malik says he has written to the prime minister to confirm that he has now put his rental arrangements in respect of the Dewsbury property on a more formal basis , with a tenancy agreement that specifies the rent to be paid .
He will also be paying all of his rent in future by direct debit .
Downing Street said it was up to Mr Malik himself to answer questions on the latest allegations relating to the rental of office space .
The prime minister 's official spokesman said : " He is not the only MP to find himself on the front page of the Daily Telegraph and I 'm sure he will not be the last , but there are no new allegations he has breached the ministerial code . "
Mr Brown said any impropriety would be discovered by the independent auditors who are examining all claims going back four years .
" Mr Malik , like every other MP , all 650 of them , will have to go through that process and if there is any difficulty or impropriety action will have to be taken , " he told BBC News .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
For a long time now I ’ve been working on the client side windows branch of Gtk+ .
By now it is mostly feature complete when it comes to normal use .
However , one of the drivers of client side windows and the initial reason I started working on it is the ability to do offscreen window rendering .
The last two weeks I ’ve been spending on getting that to work and integrated into the platform .
I think a video says more than a million words here :
[ vimeo width = ” 400 ″ height = ” 439 ″ ]
http://vimeo.com/5126552[/vimeo]
( Original ogg availible here )
This is using the current client - side - windows branch of Gtk+ , plus my own gtk - in - clutter code availible in the client - side - window branch of http://gitorious.org/clutter-gtk-copy.
Next up is getting the non-X backends working and getting this merged into master .
At copying of materials of a site a reference to the source it is necessary and sufficient .
( CNN ) -- Finding a " smoking gun " linking Iraq and al Qaeda became the main purpose of the abusive interrogation program the Bush administration authorized in 2002 , a former State Department official told CNN on Thursday .
Dick Cheney 's office ordered use of " alternative " techniques against CIA 's recommendations , aide says .
The allegation was included in an online broadside aimed at former Vice President Dick Cheney by Lawrence Wilkerson , chief of staff for then - Secretary of State Colin Powell .
In it , Wilkerson wrote that the interrogation program began in April and May of 2002 , and then - Vice President Cheney 's office kept close tabs on the questioning .
" Its principal priority for intelligence was not aimed at preempting another terrorist attack on the U.S. but discovering a smoking gun linking Iraq and al Qaeda , " Wilkerson wrote in The Washington Note , an online political journal .
Wilkerson , a retired Army colonel , said his accusation is based on information from current and former officials .
He said he has been " relentlessly digging " since 2004 , when Powell asked him to look into the scandal surrounding the treatment of prisoners at Iraq 's Abu Ghraib prison .
" I could n't walk into a courtroom and prove this to anybody , but I 'm pretty sure it 's fairly accurate , " he told CNN .
Most of Wilkerson 's online essay criticizes Cheney 's recent defense of the " alternative " interrogation techniques the Bush administration authorized for use against suspected terrorists .
Cheney has argued the interrogation program was legal and effective in preventing further attacks on Americans .
Critics say the tactics amounted to the illegal torture of prisoners in U.S. custody and have called for investigations of those who authorized them .
Representatives of the former vice president declined comment on Wilkerson 's allegations .
But Wilkerson told CNN that by early 2002 , U.S. officials had decided that " we had al Qaeda pretty much on the run . "
" The priority had turned to other purposes , and one of those purposes was to find substantial contacts between al Qaeda and Baghdad , " he said .
The argument that Iraq could have provided weapons of mass destruction to terrorists such as al Qaeda was a key element of the Bush administration 's case for the March 2003 invasion .
But after the invasion , Iraq was found to have dismantled its nuclear , chemical and biological weapons programs , and the independent commission that investigated the 2001 attacks found no evidence of a collaborative relationship between the two entities .
Wilkerson wrote that in one case , the CIA told Cheney 's office that a prisoner under its interrogation program was now " compliant , " meaning agents recommended the use of " alternative " techniques should stop .
At that point , " The VP 's office ordered them to continue the enhanced methods , " Wilkerson wrote .
" The detainee had not revealed any al Qaeda - Baghdad contacts yet .
This ceased only after Ibn al - Shaykh al - Libi , under waterboarding in Egypt , ' revealed ' such contacts . "
Al - Libi's claim that Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein 's government had trained al Qaeda operatives in producing chemical and biological weapons appeared in the October 2002 speech then - President Bush gave when pushing Congress to authorize military action against Iraq .
It also was part of Powell 's February 2003 presentation to the United Nations on the case for war , a speech Powell has called a " blot " on his record .
Al - Libi later recanted the claim , saying it was made under torture by Egyptian intelligence agents , a claim Egypt denies .
He died last week in a Libyan prison , reportedly a suicide , Human Rights Watch reported .
Stacy Sullivan , a counterterrorism adviser for the U.S. - based group , called al - Libi 's allegation " pivotal " to the Bush administration 's case for war , as it connected Baghdad to the terrorist organization behind the 2001 attacks on New York and Washington .
And an Army psychiatrist assigned to support questioning of suspected terrorists at the Guantanamo Bay prison camp in Cuba told the service 's inspector - general that interrogators there were trying to connect al Qaeda and Iraq .
" This is my opinion , " Maj .
Paul Burney told the inspector - general 's office .
" Even though they were giving information and some of it was useful , while we were there a large part of the time we were focused on trying to establish a link between aI Qaeda and Iraq and we were not being successful in establishing a link between aI Qaeda and Iraq .
The more frustrated people got in not being able to establish this link ... there was more and more pressure to resort to measures that might produce more immediate results . "
Burney 's account was included in a Senate Armed Services Committee report released in April .
Other interrogators reported pressure to produce intelligence " but did not recall pressure to identify links between Iraq and al Qaeda , " the Senate report states .
Cheney criticized Powell during a television interview over the weekend , saying he no longer considers Powell a fellow Republican after his former colleague endorsed Democratic candidate Barack Obama in the 2008 presidential election .
Wilkerson said he is not speaking for his former boss and does not know whether Powell shares his views .
All About Dick Cheney • Colin Powell • Iraq War • Al Qaeda
If you ’ve been following the news , you already know that Dr. George Tiller , one of only a handful of doctors left in the United States who perform late - term abortions , was murdered this week .
A suspect , Scott Roeder , is already in custody .
Since the election of Barack Obama , there ’s been a noticeable upsurge in right - wing terrorism .
This frightening trend tracks the evolution of the American right in general , which is becoming smaller , more insular , and more ideologically rigid , and its language more violent and more extreme .
I do n’t think it ’s a stretch to say that their recent string of political defeats have caused some among the fringes to believe that the only way to achieve their goals is through violence .
Late - term abortion is never performed on a whim .
The only time such abortions are performed is when the fetus has severe abnormalities incompatible with life , or when the woman develops a life - threatening complication , such as preeclampsia , and terminating the pregnancy is the only way to save her .
But even these limited exceptions are too much for anti-choice Christian terrorists .
It was for these acts – for his compassion in saving the lives of women – that Dr. Tiller was murdered .
Although there ’s no evidence that the alleged killer was n’t acting alone , there ’s abundant evidence that the crime was inspired by the hateful , poisonous , and inflammatory language that pours in a steady stream from the anti-choice religious right .
Exhibit A is Bill O’Reilly , who repeatedly denounced Dr. Tiller on his show as “ Tiller the Baby Killer ” and said he “ destroys fetuses for just about any reason right up until the birth date for $ 5,000 ” ( source ) .
If this were true , Dr. Tiller would have been breaking the law in Kansas , which , like other states , bans abortion past the point of viability except in the case of severe fetal deformity or to save the life of the mother .
In other words , O’Reilly was accusing Tiller of committing a crime , which meets the legal definition of defamation if he cannot prove his claim to be true .
Even if Dr. Tiller ’s murderer acted alone , he is n’t the only one who ’s been inspired to do so by right - wing rhetoric .
In addition to those in the link on Christian terrorism cited earlier , there ’s also Paul Evans , who was sentenced to forty years in prison for leaving a nail bomb in the parking lot of the Austin Women ’s Health Center , and Cheryl Sullenger , who served two years in prison in the 1980s for planning to bomb a California clinic .
Significantly , Sullenger is now Operation Rescue ’s senior policy advisor , and her phone number was found in Roeder ’s car – suggesting that the mainstream anti-choice movement , even if it does not openly call for violence , is quite willing to associate with and embrace those who have committed violent acts in the past .
This is n’t the first time we ’ve seen this pattern , and it wo n’t be the last : right - wing pundits continually spew hate rhetoric against their political adversaries , and then piously wash their hands of blood when the inevitable occurs and some violent lunatic decides to take those words to their logical conclusion .
It ’s vital for atheists and progressives to realize that we are all potential targets of this bloodthirsty madness .
If the murder of Dr. Tiller has any lesson , it ’s that we must stand up to defend the human rights that are still under siege from fanatics .
One way to begin is to make a donation to Planned Parenthood today in Dr. Tiller ’s memory .
The government hopes to provide anti-flu drugs for 80 % of the population
The number of confirmed swine flu cases in England has jumped by nearly 20 % in a single day , latest figures show .
The Health Protection Agency statistics show that 535 new cases were confirmed on Friday , bringing the total to 3,364 .
Scotland registered another 72 cases on Friday , an 8.5 % rise , bringing the total to 922 , and a 25th case was confirmed in Northern Ireland .
With 12 cases confirmed in Wales , the total number of confirmed UK cases now stands at 4,323 .
Sir Liam Donaldson , the chief medical officer for England , warned on Thursday that the UK could soon expect to see a surge of new cases .
He predicted tens of thousands of cases of swine flu could be emerging each week by the autumn .
The West Midlands remains the most badly affected area of England , with 158 new cases confirmed on Friday , bringing the total to 1,516 .
Some hospitals in that region have created triage areas to cope with complaints of symptoms .
London is the other swine flu " hotspot " in England , recording 225 new cases on Friday , taking the total to 985 .
Change of policy Officials in both areas announced on Thursday they had abandoned attempts to contain spread of the virus , instead opting for a policy of managing the outbreak .
The containment policy involved trying to ring - fence outbreaks by tracing the people with whom confirmed cases have come into contact and giving them drugs to try to prevent flu developing .
This approach has also involved the closure of several schools .
But once the virus starts to spread freely in a community that policy becomes impractical .
At this stage , anti-viral drugs are only given to those people showing symptoms , and tracing of contacts is abandoned .
The practice of waiting for laboratory confirmation of new cases is also scrapped in favour of clinical diagnosis based on symptoms .
A Department of Health spokesman said : " The cases of swine flu found in the UK have so far been generally mild in most people , but are proving to be severe in a small minority of cases .
" We are continuing to work to slow the spread of the disease and to put in place arrangements to ensure that the UK is well - placed to deal with this new infection . "
Sir Liam said on Thursday that the UK was likely to receive its first batches of swine flu vaccine in August , rather than in the autumn as first expected .
The government has contracts with two manufacturers for 132 m doses - enough for the whole population .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Click on graph for larger image .
This chart from Credit Suisse via the IMF shows the heavy subprime resets in 2008 , plus it shows the reset problems with Alt - A and Option ARM loans in later years .
Although many of the homeowners in the 2009 to 2011 reset periods will refinance ( if they can ) , this shows that the problems in housing will linger for several years .
What is especially concerning is all these Option ARM resets in 2010 and 2011 .
Most of these homeowners are selecting the minimum payments ( negatively amortizing ) and many homeowners will be upside down when the ARM resets .
1 LEGO Pharaoh on the Thames
One of the largest Lego creations ever constructed is a 16 - ft - tall model of an Egyptian pharaoh that looks suspiciously like King Tut .
The giant pharaoh stood floating down the River Thames on its way to Legoland in Windsor , England , where it was the centerpiece of Legoland ’s Kingdom of the Pharaohs , which opened on March 21 , 2009 .
The pharaoh required more than 200,000 Lego bricks and weighs one ton .
2 WALL-E LEGO
Created by bazmarc at Trossen Robotics , the WALL - E LEGO is fully automated and animated and programed using Labview ’s NXT - G software .
It was entirely made of Lego parts and Lego NXT Mindstorms Robotic System for brains .
3 Venice in LEGO
This amazing version in LEGO of Venice , Italy , shows its water canal - laced landscape , complete with the Grand Canal and even St. Mark ’s Square .
4 LEGO Dome of the Rock
Arthur Gugick created this beautifully detailed Dome of the Rock rendered in LEGO .
5 C3PO and a Clone Wars Trooper in LEGO
These great , life - sized Lego models of C3PO and a Clone Wars Trooper were presented at the annual Toy Fair in 2008 .
Gizmodo reports it ’s “ a big secret ” how many Lego bricks it took to construct each one , but we could n’t care less , they look amazing .
6 Yamato Battleship in LEGO
Japanese LEGO craftsman Jun Brick recreated the famous Japanese Battleship Yamato in Lego form ( the real World War II - era one , not the space battleship ) .
He has documented the building - in - progress on his site , which took six years and four months in total .
In some ways the making of might be more interesting than the final product , which is nonetheless impressive .
The superstructure aircraft carrier measures with a length of over 21 feet and and a height of over three feet .
It weighs in at over three hundred thirty pounds .
7 6 - foot - tall Jesus LEGO Statue
Parishioners at a church in Sweden celebrated Easter 2009 by unveiling a 6 - foot - tall ( 1.8 - meter - tall ) statue of Jesus that they had built out of 30,000 Lego blocks .
It took the 40 volunteers about 18 months to put all the tiny plastic blocks together , and their creation shows a standing Jesus facing forward with his arms outstretched .
The work , a copy of Danish sculptor Bertel Thorvaldsen ’s Resurrected Christ , took 1 1/2 years to construct .
8 LEGO Space shuttle
Two Japanese LEGOsmiths used a whopping 65,000 bricks and 1,590 man hours to complete the stunning diorama , which even simulates a launch with flashing lights under the boosters and a vocal countdown .
The only thing it does n’t do is lift off .
As part of the “ Nasu Space Center , ” the Lego Space shuttle appeared as a scene in Nasu Highland Park , an amusement park in Japan .
9 LEGO Church
An impressive church made from more than 75,000 Lego pieces , it took about 18 months to plan , build and photograph .
Actual size is about 7 feet by 5.5 feet by 2.5 feet .
According to the builder it will seat 1,372 Lego people , has 3,976 windows , stairs to a balcony , restrooms , coat rooms , a baptistery , alter , pulpit , several mosaics , and an elaborate pipe organ .
10 The Bird Nest Stadium in LEGO
The Beijing National Stadium , nicknamed the “ Bird Nest ” , is a very unique , outstanding and most accomplished stadium and building architecture in the world .
On such amazing piece of design , you wo n’t expect LEGO to miss out building it .
Hong Kong LEGO Users Group ( HKLUG ) used 300,000 LEGO bricks and 4,500 LEGO mini-figures to build and construct a 3 m x 8 m artistic LEGO Sport City with the theme of Beijing 2008 Olympic Games .
The landmarks of the LEGO Sports City are of course , the Bird Nest sports ground .
The LEGO Sports City is currently on display and exhibits at Grand Century Place , Mongkok , Kowloon , Hong Kong until 31st August 2008 .
The LEGO city been built is considered by HKLUG to be one of the most amazing LEGO productions ever in China .
11 LEGO Airbus
Made entirely of over 75,000 LEGO bricks in eight colours , the world ’s largest Singapore Airlines LEGO aircraft model took the entire team of professional LEGO model builders at LEGOLAND more than 600 hours to construct .
It is currently on display at “ MiniWorld ” in the main LEGOLAND Park in Billund , Denmark .
The model retains the dimension , scale and design of an actual Singapore Airlines A380 aircraft .
Measuring 2.9 metres in length , it has a wingspan of 3.2 metres and stands at 1 metre .
The total weight of the model is 125 kg , including 100 kg of LEGO bricks .
What sort of book is The Translated Man ?
We could throw labels like New Weird , Steampunk , Gothic Horror , Urban Fantasy , or even ( ugh ) Slipstream around , but I 'm going with Lovecraftian Police Procedural .
Advertisement
This novel is the first by io9 commenter Chris Braak , who is also a noted blogger , feminist swordsman , dramaturge , and all - around smart feller .
He 's also at the bleeding edge of scifi publishing trends :
He 's cut out the publisher middleperson and made The Translated Man available for download at Lulu.com .
His tale is set in Trowth , city of sepulchral stillness abuntantly stocked with brooding towers and shadowy alleys .
The Coroners ' Division of the Imperial Gaurd protects the Empire from practitioners of forbidden metaphysical sciences on the mean streets of Trowth .
Detective - Inspector Elijah Beckett has served with the Coroners for over thirty years battling necrologists , dream poisoners , and other misguided Mad Geniuses .
In return for all his celebrated career he is now a drug - addict suffering from a truly horrible and original skin condition and more bad memories than you can shake a Hand of Glory at .
Still the old man soldiers on , defending a city that has lost most of its young people to a protracted and costly foreign war all in the name of an Crown that Beckett has lost faith in .
Advertisement
Beckett is aided by two young capable subordinates : Valentine Vie-Gorgon , dissolute son of wealth and privilege and self - appointed Master of Disguise who has found purpose and excitement in the dangerous life of a Coroner ; and Skinner , who uses her preternatural auditory powers as a Knocker to investigate crime scenes and must spend the life with her eyes sealed behind silver plates .
Beckett , Valentine , and Skinner investigate a grisly multiple murder with links to an infamous experiment that terrified Trowth a century and half ago .
Together with a young mathematical prodigy , they must solve the crime amidst a stranglingly oppressive bureaucracy , squabbling arrogant aristocrats , and the monsters and madness that regularly stalk the streets all while racial tensions between humans and nonhumans threaten to tear the city apart .
The city of Trowth is a fantastic creation reminiscent of China Miéville 's New Crobuzon or maybe a grim , noir version of Pratchett 's Ahnk - Morpork .
Chris Braak has lovingly crafted centuries of detailed history that bring the city to creepy life .
At times his expository passages slow the pace a tad but readers will enjoy learning about the Architecture War or the origins of the disenfranchised , snaggle - toothed sharpsie race that inhabits the worst slums of Trowth .
Braak balances decidedly Dickensian descriptive writing with hard - boiled dialog reminiscent of Hammett or Chandler .
Trowth is firmly steeped in Victorian sensibility but more egalitarian than Great Britain of that period .
There 's less class division , but loads more racism ; perhaps it more resembles New York or Philadelphia of that era but with , y'know , Magic treated as Science and ruled by an Emperor .
The words eldritch , cyclopean , squamous or rugose never appear but there is a great deal of influence from H.P. Lovecraft .
This is to be expected as Chris is quite the scholar of the Mythos although he is not scared of girls or Eskimos — excuse me , women or the Inuit .
Do n't expect world - devouring Great Old Ones , think more along the lines of " Pickman 's Model " , " The Hounds of Tindalos " , or " The Nameless City " .
There is a Palpable Miasma of Dread throughout the book with plenty of Scary Monsters , always a plus .
" Write what you know " is an old saw that cuts true .
Braak weaves in subjects he knows well , and he uses them to great effect : Antiquarian Writers , the Theater , Fencing , the Sweet Science .
Chris Braak is an intelligent , imaginative , and evocative writer with great potential .
The version of The Translated Man I read needs serious editing , but that is to be expected for a self - published work from a new author ..
He is working on more books about Trowth , my new favorite Dark - Land - of - Make - Believe .
I 'm certain that an established publishing house will take a chance on this new talent .
I urge any interested readers to give The Translated Man a try .
You will be glad you did , and will be able to say , " I knew him when " .
Advertisement
The Translated Man is available for purchase as a download or an analog version produced on a bound stack of thin rectangular planes of botanical fibers here .
Grey_Area is known as Chris Hsiang amongst the Earthlings .
He means you no harm , he 's just here for the books .
Next Gen Notables : The Single - Family Power Plant
Metropolis ’s 2009 Next Generation competition received scores of entries , from which this year ’s jury chose one winner and eight runners - up to be recognized in the May issue of the magazine .
But there were far more than just nine good ideas in the bunch .
The judges also selected 12 “ notables ” — entries that , for various reasons , fell short of the final selection , but that the jurors felt still deserved recognition .
To that end , we will be posting one notable Next Generation proposal every Thursday for the next three months .
In doing so , we hope to foster discussion that will help the teams refine their ideas , connect with like - minded readers , and perhaps even implement their projects in the real world .
This week : Emilio Ramirez ’s proposal , Feeding the Addiction : The Emergence of the Single Family Power Plant , which envisions a low - cost , renewable energy production and delivery system that could turn homes and businesses into self - sustaining energy producers .
How would it work ?
According to Ramirez , a private energy company would design , fabricate , and install the mini power plants , which would concentrate solar heat on a collector plate to boil a fluid and create steam .
That steam then turns a turbine engine that rotates an alternator for an estimated daily output of 84 kilowatt hours .
A conceptual illustration of the generation and distribution of energy .
Click for a larger image .
Intrigued ?
Read more from Ramirez ’s proposal and view additional images over at our Next Generation site .
Have some suggestions for implementing or adapting this idea ?
Leave your feedback in the comments form below .
Niall O'Dowd : Justice at last for Omagh Real IRA victims : Click here
Omagh bombing photo gallery : Click here
Victory and justice for the families of the Omagh bomb victims has been served today after they won an historic multi-million dollar civil action suit against four men responsible for the worst atrocity during the Troubles .
Real IRA leader Michael McKevitt , Liam Campbell , Colm Murphy and Seamus Daly were found guilty in the £ 14 million ( $ 22 million ) case at Belfast High Court , while the Real IRA as an organization was found liable for the 1998 terrorist attack in which 31 people , including a woman pregnant with twins , perished .
The case was opened last April when the relatives of the victims of the paramilitary car bomb attack in Omagh , County Tyrone , sued the Real IRA and five men they deemed responsible .
The families launched the lawsuit after police failed to secure a criminal conviction over the bombing .
The only person that faced criminal charges , Sean Hoey , 38 , of County Armagh , was acquitted in December 2007 .
Justice Declan Morgan , who is set to be Northern Ireland ’s next Lord Chief Justice , finished hearing evidence in March of this year before confirming the four men , none of whom attended the hearings , are responsible for the atrocity .
A founding member of the Real IRA , McKevitt sits in prison in the Republic , while County Louth farmer Campbell is in custody in the North facing a bid to extradite him to Lithuania for arms smuggling charges .
Murphy , another County Louth native , was already found guilty in Dublin ’s Special Criminal Court for conspiring to cause the Omagh , but his conviction was later dropped .
The fifth man accused by the victim ’s families , Seamus McKenna , was cleared of all charges .
Swine Flu Cases in Kansas , Possibly NYC
As measures are implemented to control the outbreaks , many questions remain .
April 25 , 2009  --
The Kansas Department of Health and Environment has confirmed at least two cases of swine flu in the state , while the New York City Department of Public Health reported at least eight out of an estimated 100 students at a Queens prepatory school who displayed flu - like symptoms likely have the infection .
Meanwhile , Imperial County health officials reported that San Diego has yet another case of the swine flu strain that has killed up to 68 people in Mexico .
The escalation in the swine flu situation on Saturday underscored concerns by international , federal and local health agencies over the threat of the new virus , even as government health officials said much remains unknown .
But if one thing is clear about the spread of this virus , it is that containment is no longer an option .
" It 's clear that this is widespread , " said Dr. Anne Schuchat , director of the CDC's National Center for Immunization and Respiratory Diseases , at a press conference Saturday afternoon .
" We do not think that we can contain the spread of this virus , " Schuchat added .
" Having found virus where we have found it , we are very likely to find it in other places .
...
We are not at a point where we can keep this virus in just one place . "
The cases further demonstrate that health officials do not know where else the virus might turn up .
Details of swine flu's spread in Mexico also remain murky .
A team sent by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention is now on the ground there seeking clues on the origin and spread of the disease .
What also remains unclear is why the virus seems to have led to more severe illness in Mexico than in the U.S. -- at least for now .
" What we still do n't know is how widespread it is , " said Dr. William Schaffner , chairman of preventive medicine at Vanderbilt University Medical Center in Nashville , Tenn .
" The question is : How long have things been going on in Mexico , and how attentive have they been in terms of what 's going on in their country ? "
Meanwhile , emergency departments in affected areas are preparing for what they said could be a rise in cases .
" It is quite conceivable that it could escalate fairly rapidly , " said Dr. Richard Bradley , chief of the Division of EMS and Disaster Medicine at the University of Texas Health Sciences Center at Houston .
" If we are seeing a flu epidemic in Mexico , we should expect an uptick fairly quickly in Texas , where I am , and in California . "
Emergency Departments Make Swine Flu Preparations
Still , Bradley said that the situation thus far has been relatively fortunate .
" Right now , we are in the increased awareness phase -- we do n't yet know how this is going to develop , " he said .
" Fortunately , right now the cases in California and in Texas seem to be milder than the cases we 've seen in Mexico .
We hope that this trend continues in the U.S. "
Emergency departments in other areas of the country also are stepping up efforts to control the virus should it surface .
Dr. Lewis Goldfrank , professor and chairman of the Department of Emergency Medicine at Bellevue Hospital in New York City said that though no cases have been detected in his emergency department yet , any patient who comes in with a cough and a fever or a rash and a fever is isolated for a nasal swab to detect influenza -- a test that takes about an hour .
The possible outbreak in the New York area suggests the measures may be warranted .
New York City Health Commissioner Dr. Thomas Frieden said in a statement on Saturday that more than 100 students at St. Francis Prepatory School in Queens have reported flu - like symptoms including headaches , upset stomachs and dizziness .
The Health Department subsequently encouraged all of the affected students to get tested for the flu , and there are now eight probable cases of swine flu .
Currently , the CDC is performing additional tests to determine whether swine flu indeed is the culprit , according to the statement .
" Most of the patients reported mild symptoms .
No child was hospitalized or seriously ill , " the statement read .
" The CDC results should be available by Sunday .
If the results are positive -- the Health Department will recommend that the school close on Monday . "
Concern over the outbreaks have reached the highest levels of the federal government , as well .
White House press secretary Robert Gibbs said that the president has been briefed and is " being kept up - to - date " in the swine flu situation .
The Homeland Security Council , under the leadership of terrorism czar John Brennan , is heading up the administration 's efforts to handle the situation and is working with the CDC , the State Department and the Mexican government .
" The president will continue to get updated on what 's going on , as will Brennan ... and others in the government , as the situation develops , " Gibbs said .
A Delay in Action ?
Another question that remains is whether health agencies reacted quickly enough to the initial reports of swine infections in Mexico , first reported in mid-March .
" I think that the laboratory testing capabilities for this type of virus were not fully in place and this accounts for some of the delay , " said Dr. Pascal James Imperato , dean of the Graduate Program in Public Health at SUNY Downstate Medical Center in Brooklyn , N.Y .
" They were not routinely testing for this type of influenza virus . "
Still , other infectious disease experts said that there should have been quicker action .
" I concur that the ' one - month lag ' between case identification and reporting was too long , " said Ed Hsu , associate professor of Public Health Informatics at the University of Texas School of Health Information Sciences and School of Public Health .
" [ It is a ] good thing that the CDC now decides to have a daily briefing on the swine flu , but it will still need to bring the transparency of reporting in other high - risk countries up to speed on this . "
And despite the actions by the World Health Organization with regard to the swine flu outbreaks , no decision has yet been made to increase the pandemic threat level from its current status of phase 3 to phase 4 on the six - point scale .
A virus is n't considered to be pandemic until it reaches phase 6 .
WHO did announce , however , that it has sent a team of experts to Mexico to further study the outbreaks .
Still Too Early to Worry ?
Despite the action being taken by national and international health organizations , some infectious disease experts say it is far too early to fear the worst -- a global flu pandemic .
" The current swine flu only marginally meets only one of three of pandemic tests : effective person - to - person transmission , " Hsu said , adding that the other tests -- susceptibility and no natural immunity or vaccine -- remain to be satisfied .
Hsu further noted that compared to the H5N1 strain of the avian flu virus -- commonly known as bird flu -- the current H1N1 swine flu strain is still a relative lightweight .
Since 2003 , he said , bird flu has garnered a 60 percent case fatality rate , and it never attained pandemic status .
Meanwhile , the current swine flu strain still has fewer than 1,000 reported cases and only about 60 fatalities to its name .
" If not [ a pandemic ] then , why now ? " he asked .
Swine Flu Vaccine Would Be Months in Making
But if more cases did arise , Schaffner said that a vaccine for the illness would not be available for months .
" It would be an Olympic sprint for vaccine manufacturers , starting today " to have a usable vaccine ready even by October , he said .
" If this is a virus that is sufficiently new -- and that has not been entirely determined yet -- we may need two doses of the vaccine to get protection , " Schaffner said .
" That , of course , would put additional strain on the vaccine production and delivery services . "
Huma Khan and Michelle Schlief contributed to this report .
By Michael Dobie
BBC News
The news that two US journalists had been arrested in North Korea and sentenced to 12 years of " reform through labour " was greeted with alarm by their families , human rights groups and US officials .
The two journalists were arrested on the Chinese - North Korean border
The isolated nation 's prison system is widely regarded as one of the harshest in the world , with a shadowy network of labour camps estimated to hold hundreds of thousands of political prisoners and criminals .
Most analysts believe Laura Ling , 32 , and Euna Lee , 36 , will be held in relatively good conditions , to be used as bargaining chips by Pyongyang to force concessions out of Washington .
But if their worst fears are realised and they are sent to a labour camp to serve their sentences of " reform through labour " , they can expect overwork , starvation rations , arbitrary beatings and inadequate shelter , according to former North Korean prisoners who have fled the country .
' Animals '
Many of the camps are located at mines , quarries or factories where the prisoners are forced to work long hours in dangerous conditions , says CK Park , a South Korean researcher who has interviewed former prisoners .
He says the survival rate in some camps is very low , with many prisoners dying in their first three years of imprisonment .
A former guard in the North , Choi Dong - chul says prisoners " are treated not as human beings but as animals by the North Korean government " .
The North Korean regime is not interested in having the two journalists report in detail the brutalities that exist in that system when they are finally released
Tim Peters
Works with North Korean refugees Prisoners are beaten by the guards on a regular basis , he says , for minor violations such as resting without the guards ' approval or neglecting to bow before a guard .
But foreigners who have been held in the North have mixed descriptions of their experiences .
Korean - American Evan C Hunziker was accused of spying after swimming the Yalu River between China and North Korea .
He spoke little of his experience , his father said , only to say that he was treated humanely but the food was bad .
He reportedly wrote a letter to his mother saying he was moved from a prison to a hotel .
He was freed after 90 days when New Mexico Governor Bill Richardson , then a congressman , negotiated his release , but he committed suicide one month after being freed .
Japanese journalist Takashi Sugishima spent two years in what he described as a warm , comfortable cell in a mountain prison facility after he was arrested in Pyongyang in December 1999 and charged with spying .
He said he was kept under constant surveillance , but never tortured and was given three hot meals a day .
" The treatment I received was more humane than I expected , " he told Associated Press shortly after his release , but added that he constantly worried the guards might decide to kill him .
Cramped cell
At the other end of the spectrum is the experience of Ali Lamada , a member of Venezuela 's Communist Party who said he was invited to North Korea in 1967 to work as a Spanish translator .
Lamada was arrested in September 1967 and accused of spying , he wrote in a 1979 account published by Amnesty International .
He was kept without trial for a year in a cramped , dirty and damp cell in the interior ministry in Pyongyang and was given dirty bread and watery vegetable soup to eat .
Euna Lee ( L ) and Laura Ling work for California - based Current TV Lamada was released and then arrested two months later and sentenced to 20 years of labour .
He was taken to a work prison south of Pyongyang and kept in an unheated cell where his feet became frostbitten .
Lamada was finally released in 1974 after Venezuela and Romania intervened on behalf of him and Jacques Sedillot , a French translator who was arrested at the same time as Lamada .
Sedillot , however , died of illnesses contracted in prison before he could leave Pyongyang .
Their experience does not bode well for Ling , who has a stomach ulcer according to her family , or Lee , who is also reportedly ill .
The two were seized by border guards in March while reporting at the Chinese border on the plight of North Korean refugees for California - based Current TV .
A week after their June trial , North Korea 's state news agency , KCNA , said Ling and Lee " admitted and accepted " they had been trying to get footage for a " smear campaign " against North Korea over human rights .
' Isolation and depression '
For now they are being held in Pyongyang , where Sweden 's ambassador to North Korea , Mats Foyer , has been able to visit them .
The ambassador provided few details of the meeting , but he has been " in constant contact with the North Korean foreign ministry , is constantly pressing them for more information about these two young women , " said US State Department spokesman Ian Kelly .
The journalists were reporting on the plight of refugees fleeing North Korea The Swedes in Pyongyang told American officials that the two journalists were being held in a " good place " with decent food and medical care , said California Congresswoman Jane Harman .
And in a rare telephone call recently , Laura Ling described her confinement as " bearable " , her husband Iain Clayton said .
She was nervous about the possibility , he added , of being transferred to a labour camp .
Most analysts believe Ling , a Chinese - American , and Lee , a Korean - American , will not receive the same treatment as North Koreans consigned to the camps .
" I seriously doubt that the two journalists would be placed in the bowels of the prison system for the simple reason that the North Korean regime is not interested in having the two journalists report in detail the brutalities that exist in that system when they are finally released , " says Tim Peters of Helping Hands Korea , a charity that assists North Korean refugees .
" Certainly , though , the isolation and depression that they would experience is a grave consideration . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Socialism and Fascism
In my recent article on Tony Kushner , I suggested that his socialist views were somehow akin to fascism .
Predictably enough , the knee - jerk reaction to this statement was the reassertion of an old historical fallacy : the notion that socialism and fascism are somehow opposed to each other , that they have been historical rivals , that there is nothing but difference between the two -- and that I must have been ignorant of this historical fact .
I did not , however , make this comparison glibly .
Taken in full historical context , with full consideration of philosophic principle , socialism and fascism are essentially the same .
To know what socialism and fascism are , let us begin by examining some historical examples of each .
Fascist states have included Hitler 's Germany , Mussolini's Italy , Tojo's Japan , Franco 's Spain , Pinochet 's Chile , and possibly Peron 's Argentina .
If we were to focus on each of these concretes , we would observe numerous differences .
For instance , Hitler 's Fascism was racist .
Mussolini's was not .
Mussolini 's fascism involved belligerent nationalism .
Franco 's did not .
What unites each of these concretes into a group of similars can be seen in a common definition of fascism : " A governmental system with strong centralized power , permitting no opposition or criticism , controlling all affairs of the nation ( industrial , commercial , etc. ) " ( American College Dictionary , New York : Random House , 1957 ) .
Socialist states have included the USSR ( 1 ) , Communist China , socialist Sweden , socialist England , Cuba , North Korea , and a handful of lesser regimes in Eastern Europe , East Africa , and Southeast Asia .
Once again , there is a prima facie difficulty in determining what factor these various states held in common .
After all , some socialist regimes ( like Sweden 's and England 's ) were elected democratically .
Others , like the USSR's and the PRC's , were the result of popular violent revolutions .
Still others were the product of either military coup ( Cuba , Ethiopia , Vietnam ) or foreign invasion ( the Eastern Bloc ) .
The trait common to all of these is provided , once again by the definition of socialism : " a theory or system of social organization which advocates the vesting of the ownership and control of the means or production , capital , land , etc. , in the community as a whole " ( American College Dictionary ) .
Now that we have these two concepts ( socialism and fascism ) squarely on the table , we can spell out their differences and similarities .
It is obvious that there are numerous differences between socialism and fascism , the most obvious of which concerns their view of private property .
Socialism abolishes the institution entirely ; fascism does not .
For instance , in the Soviet Union , citizens had to wait years for their names to come up on a list to receive a car from the government .
At the same time , everyone is familiar with the existence of wealthy property owners like Oskar Schindler who lived under the Nazi regime .
This difference in ideology did in fact manifest itself in actual historical practice .
The communists and Social Democrats were , in fact , the main opponents of the rise of Nazi power in Weimar Germany ; Nazi Germany and Socialist Russia were at each other 's throats in World War II .
True enough :
We can put socialism and fascism on a table and stare at them all we like , and all we may see will be differences .
What is required to go beyond this is to widen our context of knowledge .
For instance , let 's say we draw two geometrical figures on the chalkboard : a scalene and an isosceles .
If we focus merely on these two concretes , without widening our context , we will see nothing but difference .
The two triangles have different angles , different side lengths , different locations , different sizes .
Now imagine that we introduce a foil :
We draw a square on the board .
The difference between the first two triangles is still there , but is made insignificant by the even greater difference between the triangles , on the one hand , and the square on the other .
This process of differentiation allows us to see the triangles as similar .
If we are able to isolate an essential characteristic of the group ( a difference bewteen the triangles and squares which explains all or most of the other differences between them ) , we can then integrate this group of similars into a single mental unit , uniting it by a common definition , i.e. , forming a concept .
( 2 )
We can treat social systems in the same way in which we treat geometical figures .
As we observed before , there are probably innumerable differences between socialism and fascism .
But what happens if we introduce a foil here , as well ?
Let 's imagine that we introduce a third type of social system .
Rather than having society control all property , and rather than having dictatorship in one form or another , we introduce a system in which individuals are free to follow the dictates of their own mind .
Rather than having a system in which the choice is between the abridgment of political freedom or the abridgment of economic freedom , we introduce one in which no one 's freedom is to be abridged .
In short , we introduce capitalism : the social system in which all property is privately owned , and the government 's function is restricted to the protection of individual rights .
Once we remember the possibility of the existence of such a system , the differences between socialism and fascism become trivial , superficial and , above all , non-essential .
Differentiation of socialism and fascism from capitalism permits the recognition of their similarity .
They do differ from each other , but only in the way in which the scalene and the isosceles differ from each other : in degree , but not in kind .
Socialism and fascism are each forms of statism , forms of government in which the government is given complete or extensive control over the lives of its citizens .
This theoretical consideration has massive consequences in the practical realm :
The differences we noted before turn out not to be as important as we once might have thought .
It is true that fascist systems permitted property ownership , while socialist ones did not .
However , fascist " property rights " were only nominal : A businessman ( such as Oskar Schindler ) would retain legal title to his goods , but he would not retain any control over them .
Because he was not politically free , the government could order him to use his property as it desired ( such as by using it to produce war implements ) -- even if it was _his_ property that was being used .
Just as there can be no split between mind and body , there can be no split between political freedom and economic freedom .
Man cannot exist without a mind and a body , and he can not be free if someone else controls either .
It is true that the Nazis and socialists were rivals for power in Weimar Germany .
On account of their similar political ideologies , however , this rivalry collapsed in the face of the defeat of their common enemy : capitalism .
Forgive me for " quoting Ayn Rand " , but the following is a matter of historical fact :
... in the German election of 1933 , the Communist Party was ordered by its leaders to vote for the Nazis -- with the explanation that they could later fight the Nazis for power , but first they had to help destroy their common enemy : capitalism and its parliamentary form of government ( " ' Extremism , ' or The Art of Smearing " , September 1964 , in Capitalism : The Unknown Ideal , pg. 180 ) .
Dr. Leonard Peikoff reaffirms this point in his book , The Ominous Parallels :
The communists , too , wanted to use Hitler .
Time after time their deputies voted with the Nazis in the Reichstag ; they voted against legislation designed to cope with emergencies , against measures designed to curb violence , against attempts to maintain in office any kind of stable government .
The Communists even agreed to cooperate with Nazi thugs .
In November 1932 , for instance , the two mortal enemies could be observed standing comfortably , shoulder to shoulder , on the streets of Berlin , collecting money to support a violent strike by the city 's transportation workers .
When Hitler 's fortunes seemed to be faltering for a time in 1932 , a stream of anxious Nazis poured into the ranks of the Communists ; the Germans watching said that a Nazi is like beefsteak : brown on the outside , red on the inside .
Soon , however , the traffic was in the opposite direction .
" [ T ] here is more that binds us to Bolshevism than separates us from it , " said Hitler to Rauschning .
" There is , above all , genuine revolutionary feeling , which is alive everywhere in Russia except where there are Jewish Marxists .
I have always made allowance for this circumstance , and given orders that former Communists are to be admitted to the party at once .
The petit bourgeois Social - Democrat and the trade - union boss will never make a National Socialist , but the Communist always will " ( Quoting from Rauschning 's The Voice of Destruction , pg. 131 ) ( Peikoff , 221 ) .
Peikoff continues :
In the final months the Communists viewed the growing Nazi strength with equanimity .
The triumph of Nazism , they said , has been ordained by the dialectic process ; such triumph will lead to the destruction of the republican form of government , which is a necessary stage in the achievement of communism .
Afterward , they said , the Nazis will quickly fade and the party of Lenin can take over ( 222 ) .
As for the Social Democrats , Dr. Peikoff notes that
The Social Democrats , meanwhile , were being " tamed " in another way by Chancellor Franz von Papen .
In July 1932 , using only a token armed force , he ousted them illegally from the government of Prussia .
The party leaders understood that this coup , if uncontested , would mean the loss of their last bastion of strength .
But they observed the swelling ranks of the Nazis and Communists ; the Prussian police and the German army brimming with nationalist militants ; the millions of unemployed workers , which made the prospects for a general strike bleak -- and they decided to capitulate without a fight , lest they provoke a bloody civil war they had no heart to wage and little chance to win .... There were not many Social Democrats who rose up in fury over ' the rape of Prussia . '
The party had long since lost most of those who take ideas or causes seriously .
there was not much youtful ardor to summon to the side of social democracy .
" Republik , das ist nicht viel , Sozialismus is unser Ziel " ( " A republic , that is not much , socialism is our goal " ) -- such were the signs carried in parades by young workers of the period ( 222 ) .
The reason for which the Social Democrats were so passive was not a mere inability to practice their principles consistently .
It was , instead , a matter of the logical import of their principles .
As Dr. Peikoff notes : " The republicans in every political party and group were in the same position : more and more , the contradictions involved in their views were leaving these men lifeless , and even speechless .
They could hardly praise freedom very eloquently , not while they themselves , like everyone else , were insisting on further statist measures to cope with the economic crisis " ( 222-223 ) .
To the extent that any of these political groups did clash in Weimar Germany , the clashes were not over matters of principle .
They were of the variety of conflict seen most often in inner city America , where rival gangs fight over turf , over such trivial difference as the color of clothing worn by the other gang .
In the end , whoever happens to win is a pointless consideration .
The result is the same : blood in the streets .
As for the conflict between the Nazis and the USSR , one need only recall the Hitler - Stalin pact of 1937 , in which the two powers agreed to divide up Eastern Europe together .
Hitler and Stalin apparently had no problem in principle with working together to exterminate freedom in peaceful nations .
In case anyone still doubts the fact that there was no difference in princple between the fascists and the socialists , consider the following revealing quotations from various infamous Nazis and other fascists :
We ask that the government undertake the obligation above all of providing citizens with adequate opportunities for employment and earning a living .
The activities of the individual must not be allowed to clash with the interests of the community , but must take place within its confines and for the good of all .
Therefore , we demand :... an end to the power of the financial interests .
We demand profit sharing in big business .
We demand a broad extension of care for the aged .
We demand ... the greatest possible consideration of small business in the purchases of the national , state and municipal governments .
In order to make possible to every capable and industrious [ citizen ] the attainment of higher education and thus the achievement of a post of leadership , the government must provide an all - around enlargement of our entire system of public education ... We demand the education at government expense of gifted children of poor parents ...
The government must undertake the improvement of public health -- by the greatest possible support for all clubs concerned with the physical education of youth .
[ We ] combat the ... materialistic spirit withn and without us , and are convinced that a permanent recovery of our people can only proceed from within on the foundation of The Common Good Before the Individual Good .
( Nazi party platform adopted at Munich , February 24 , 1920 ; Der Nationalsozialismus Dokumente 1933 - 1945 , edited by Walther Hofer , Frankfurt am Main : Fischer Bucherei , 1957 , pp. 29-31 ) .
It is thus necessary that the individual should finally come to realize that his own ego is of no importance in comparison with the existence of his nation ; that the position of the individual ego is conditioned solely by the interests of the nation as a whole ... that above all the unity of a nation 's spirit and will are worth far more than the freedom of the spirit and will of an individual ....
This state of mind , which subordinates the interests of the ego to the conservation of the community , is really the first premise for every truly human culture ....
The basic attitude form which such activity arises , we call -- to distinguish it from egoism and selfishness -- idealism .
By this we understand only the individual 's capacity to make sacrifices for the community , for his fellow men .
( Adolf Hitler speaking at Bueckeburg , Oct. 7 , 1933 ; The Speeches of Adolf Hitler , 1922 - 39 , ed. N.H. Baynes ( 2 vols. , Oxford , 1942 ) , I , 871-72 ; translation Professor George Reisman . )
[ Fascism stresses ] the necessity , for which the older doctrines make little allowance , of sacrifice , even up to the total immolation of individuals , in behalf of society ... For Liberalism , the individual is the end and society the means ; nor is it conceivable that the individual , considered in the dignity of an ulitmate finality , be lowered to mere instrumentality .
For Fascism , society is the end , individuals the means , and its whole life consists in using individuals as instruments for its social ends .
( Alfredo Rocco , " The Political Doctrine of Fascism " ( address delivered at Perugia , Aug. 30 , 1925 ) ; reprinted in Readings on Fascism and National Socialism , pp. 34-35 . )
[ T ]he higher interests involved in the life of the whole ... must set the limits an lay down the duties of the interests of the individual .
( Adolf Hitler at Bueckeburg , op cit pg. 872 . )
Unless the political implications of this ethical doctrine of collectivism are not apparent to everyone , the Nazis make them strikingly clear .
The Nazis were opposed to authentic private property , and as a result , to capitalism :
" Private property " as conceived under liberalistic economic order was a reversal of the true concept of property .
This " private proprerty " represented the right of the individual to manage and to speculate with inherited or acquired property as he pleased , without regard to the general interests ... German socialism had to overcome this " private " , that is , unrestrained and irresponsible view of property .
All property is common property .
The owner is bound by the people and the Reich to the responsible management of his goods .
His legal position is only justified when he satisfies this responsibility to the community .
( Ernst Huber , Nazi party spokesman ; National Socialism , prepared by Raymond E. Murphy , et al ; quoting Huber , Verfassungsrecht des grossdeutschen Reiches ( Hamburg , 1939 ) )
To be a socialist is to submit the I to the thou ; socialism is sacrificing the individual to the whole .
( Nazi head of propaganda , Joseph Goebbels ; In Erich Fromm , Escape from Freedom ( New York : Farrar , 1941 ) , pg. 233 . )
Finally ,
I have learned a great deal from Marxism , as I do not hesitate to admit .
The difference between them and myself is that I have really put into practice what these peddlers and penpushers have timidly begun ... I had only to develop logically what Social Democracy repeatedly failed in because of its attempt to realize its evolution within the framework of democracy .
National Socialism is what Marxism might have been if it could have broken its absurd and artificial ties with the democratic order .
( Hitler to Rauschning , The Voice of Destruction , pg. 186 ) .
I hope by now that it should be obvious that the philosophical difference between the fascists and the socialists was minor , if existent at all .
Each of these schools reject the efficacy of reason , affirm the principle of altruism , and uphold some form of collectivism .
The inevitable result of these views is the destruction of freedom , which is exactly what happened in Nazi Germany and in Soviet Russia .
This leads me to reiterate a point I made in my original article on Tony Kushner .
Kushner may believe that he can argue for gay rights , he may reject the conclusions of fascism , he may have even openly condemn Nazism in his many works on the holocaust .
This , however , is what makes his overall position so utterly contradictory -- and saddening .
In my article , I listed each of his positions in epistemology and ethics .
These positions were precisely the same as those held by the Nazis .
He can not escape his premises , and their logical conclusions -- no matter how much he wishes to reject the holocaust and affirm gay rights .
(1) That the Soviet Union was actually a socialist state is surprisingly another point of contention .
Modern socialists typically charge that the USSR was not socialist , but Stalinist , and that the attrocities associated with that regime were entirely attributable to Stalin 's adulteration of communist doctrine .
The fallacies in this view are multifaceted , but I cannot write another essay explaining this as well .
For the moment , I will merely argue that the USSR ( and Communist China , as well ) were in fact the living embodiments of socialist ideas .
There is not a plank in Marx 's Manifesto which was not implemented in the Soviet Union , save for Marx 's arbitrary prescription that the state should " wither away " .
That such was not the case in the USSR was not a mere failure to practice socialist principles , but a consequence of the fact that socialist principles were inconsistent in theory .
It is not possible to argue that each individual should sacrifice for the whole of society , and yet expect each individual to know what " society 's good " consists of , without having a dictator to tell them .
(2) The way in which I have explained the process of concept - formation is consistent with Ayn Rand 's solution to the problem of universals in Introduction to Objectivist Epistemology .
Revised : 2 . November , 1997 a.D.
Comments : lu_objectivism@yahoo.com
Return to Essays Page
I recently happened upon Ford 's new social media marketing campaign that surrounds the re-launch of their Fiesta car .
After looking into the campaign at length , I 've decided I want to do a three part series on it ( or four , if I feel so inclined ) , analyzing it in detail .
Why ?
Because I think the campaign sucks - a lot .
However , I think that there is a lot that can be learned from taking a closer look at Ford 's mistake .
If you need filling in , Ford recently selected 100 " Agents , " as they 've dubbed them , to test out the 2010 Ford Fiesta for the next 6 months .
These Agents are all Millennials , and social influencers .
Ford selected these Agents by their geographical dispersion and their affinity towards social media ; aka the more digital friends they had , the more likely they were to get a car .
According to Ford : " [ The ] 100 agents are spending six months behind the wheel of their own Fiesta , sharing their experiences , and completing monthly missions to show you what experiencing the Ford Fiesta is all about , way in advance of the U.S. launch in 2010 . "
This sounds about as exciting as a colonoscopy .
I do n't care what car you drive , a morning commute is a morning commute ; it sucks , it 's boring , and nobody talks about it in a positive manner .
I 've yet to hear someone tell me " wow , my experience driving to work this morning was exceptional , and it's all because of the new car I bought ! "
All you hear about is how much traffic sucked that morning , where the accidents were , how long you waited at the staggered onramp light .
So please tell me Ford , why would I ever care about someone 's daily " experience " driving your car ?
If the Agents are not writing about how much their commute sucked , they 're probably not being honest .
I could understand it if it was something like a Land Rover , and they were writing about all of the cool off roading they did , or a Wrangler and how they made it up to the mountain to board despite the crazy snowfall that kept everyone else at home .
But let 's be honest about it , it 's a hatchback – it's not much of a game changer .
This leads me to wonder if Ford knows how Word of Mouth Marketing ( Viral marketing to the cool kids ) actually works .
While I do n't have any qualms with them basically purchasing Fiesta fanboys ( and girls ) , I actually think that was a strategic move , the topic is n't something that 's actually going to provoke more consumers to pass along their message .
Consumers are going to pass along a link / brand / commercial / video whatever , if it is something that they like and find valuable or entertaining .
It does n't matter how much you pay your Agents to pass along your campaign , if the campaign is n't interesting , then the consumers that the Agents share your message with will not continue to pass it along via Word of Mouth .
If they really wanted to reach Gen Y , as they stated , they should have had a campaign that appealed to Gen Y's interests and not just their communication channels .
What Ford did well :
Identified the " influencers " of social media
Beautifully designed website
Careful launch along with New York International Auto Show
What Ford did wrong :
Unexciting campaign
Nothing ( good ) that will drive consumer Word of Mouth
-- Now Let Me Clear My Throat --
Josh Groth
Major League Baseball is all about strategy : knowing when to run , when to hit big , and being able to read the signals .
But outside of the baseball stadium the strategy of these players left something to be desired .
Even though they made gads of money in their time playing ball , all of these famous players went bankrupt after their career was over or while they still were playing ball .
And the countdown starts with :
5. Tie : Adrian Beltre , Johnny Damon , Xavier Dely , Carlos Pena , Mike Pelfrey and Darren Oliver .
No one knows exactly how much money these notables have lost through the total fraud of the Stanford Securities ponzi scheme in 2009 but they all have had their assets totally frozen by the Feds .
All ripped by Boras , who lead them to an unrelated third party for investment management , none of the sixsome has any cash to spare – some have reported that 99 % of all their money was placed with Stanford .
4. Bill Buckner .
The Red Sox player that made the play that kept the Curse of the Bambino alive in the minds of die - hard Sox fans could n’t get a break later in life either .
In the 1986 World Series , Buckner let a grounder from the Mets go between his legs that potentially cost them , the game .
For fans it seemed emblematic of the troubles of the Red Sox for the previous 70 years .
After moving to Idaho , his luck did not change : he started a car dealership that failed and he went bankrupt in 2008 .
3. Gaylord Perry .
Hall of Famer pitcher and the notorious face behind many spitballs throughout his 21 - year career , Gaylord ( yes , that ’s right ) retired in high style onto a 500 - acre peanut farm and grew tobacco like the gentlemen of long ago .
Unfortunately , Gaylord un - retired three years later when he filed for bankruptcy and had to work as a first base coach at a community college for six more years before he re-retired for good in 1991 .
2. Rollie Fingers .
Another Hall of Fame pitcher from 1992 , Fingers retired in 1985 and made it four years before investments in pistachio farms , Arabian horses and wind turbines took him down .
In bankruptcy , creditors claimed he owed more than $ 4 millions and listed his assets at less than $ 50,000 .
He resolved that by selling baseball cards and going back to work but then a tax scandal flared up 2007 over back taxes .
Fingers also cleared that up with some investigative work .
1. Tony Gwynn .
Gwynn was always known as a gentleman during his 20 year career in Major League Baseball but off the field he was n’t a businessman , at least early on .
In his sixth season , the San Diego Padre filed for bankruptcy even as he was in the midst of a very lucrative contract , citing bad investments and back taxes of just over $ 1 million .
Gwynn went on to make as much as $ 6.3 millions per season for his work at the plate .
As an electronic scoreboards .
By Nick Triggle
Health reporter , BBC News
Some people surveyed were prepared to pay higher taxes to fund the NHS Nine out of 10 people fear that NHS services could be cut and waiting times rise as the government tackles the recession , a survey suggests .
The British Medical Association poll of 1,000 people also found three quarters believed that other public services should take a financial hit instead .
The union said it showed the depth of feeling about the NHS .
Managers have warned the health service is facing a funding shortfall of up to £ 10bn for the three years after 2011 .
NHS spending is already guaranteed until then , but many predict the government will be forced to rein back on public spending after that date to pay off the debts incurred in bailing out the banks .
The survey , which was carried out by an independent firm of pollsters , even showed four in 10 people were prepared to pay higher taxes to safeguard the health service .
' Huge mistake ' British Medical Association chairman Dr Hamish Meldrum said : " The results show how anxious the public is about the effects of the recession on the health service .
" While we appreciate that the government needs to steer the country through this difficult economic period , we urge it not do do so at the expense of NHS funding .
" People always need good quality healthcare and it would be a huge mistake to try and make savings by squeezing the NHS . "
However , the poll also showed 59 % of people felt that involving the private sector more in the health service could protect services .
The view is at odds with the BMA position .
The union has campaigned for years against such moves , warning they risk fragmenting care .
Dr Meldrum said the survey , issued on the eve of its annual conference in Liverpool , threw up mixed messages on the issue .
He pointed out that the public had also showed a dislike for the private sector in other questions .
But he admitted the union had failed to fully persuade people .
He said : " We have got a degree of educating to do . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Max Payne 3
FACT SHEET
Publisher : Rockstar Games
Developer : Rockstar Vancouver
Genre : Third - Person Shooter
Players : Single Player
Platform : Microsoft Windows , PlayStation 3 , Xbox 360
Launch Date : October 20th 2009
Rating : “ RP ” for Rating Pending
MAX PAYNE IS SET TO HIT STORES WINTER 2009 .
Max Payne 3 begins 12 years after the events of Max Payne 2 , with Max visibly older , more violent , and more world - weary from the events of his own life .
Having left the NYPD , Max has been taking odd jobs in security and consulting , and when we find him he is providing personal protection for a wealthy family in Sao Paolo , one of the world ’s deadliest and most crime - ridden cities .
At absolute rock - bottom , Max discovers that trouble still dogs his every step , and he finds himself drawn into the brutal heart of the Brazil ’s dark underworld .
Max Payne 3 retains many trademarks of its predecessors ; a focus on story and character - driven action , a large number of sophisticated weapons with dual - wield capabilities , Bullet - Time , an addiction to painkillers , mature themes and Max ’s ever - present internal monologue .
Max Payne 3 also utilizes Natural Motion and Rockstar ’s own RAGE engine , working with brand - new particle physics technology to deliver spectacular , highly advanced close - quarters combat , an intelligent cover system , and constantly varied gameplay in every level .
ABOUT BRAZIL
Brazil is the fifth - largest country in the world , by area and population , and is notoriously known to house a number of the world ’s worst drug traffickers , street gangs and kidnappers .
The number one cause of death among the youth is murder .
Sao Paolo ’s young gangs are amongst the most violent in the world , and the most dangerous of those is said to be the Primeiro Comando da Capital .
The PCC has organized prison breaks , prison riots , drug trafficking , highway robberies and kidnappings since it was formed in 1993 .
With one gun for every 75 people in the country and 95 % of those firearms obtained illegally , Max will need every skill he has in order to survive .
The World Health Organization last declared a pandemic 41 years ago A sharp increase in swine flu cases in Australia may mean the infection has become a pandemic , the World Health Organization says .
For that to happen , officials would have to verify that the disease had become established outside North America , where the crisis began .
" Once I get indisputable evidence , I will make the announcement , " said WHO director general , Margaret Chan .
More than 1,200 people have contracted the virus in Australia - none fatally .
The total means Australia has seen a four - fold increase in a week .
Less than a month ago the country had only a handful of cases of the H1N1 virus but it now has the highest number of infections outside North America .
Victoria and the state capital , Melbourne , are the worst - hit with more than 1,000 confirmed cases .
Evolving
Most of those affected are suffering only a mild illness , but the Health Minister of Australia 's Queensland state , Paul Lucas , has warned that the contagious respiratory condition would inevitably claim lives .
It does not mean that the severity of the situation has increased
WHO 's Keiji Fukuda
Q&A : Advice about swine flu
What scientists know about flu
The head of the WHO 's global influenza programme , Keiji Fukuda , said the situation had " evolved a lot " in recent days .
" We are getting close to knowing that we are in a pandemic situation , " he said .
But Dr Fukuda urged calm .
" It does not mean that the severity of the situation has increased or that people are getting seriously sick at higher numbers or higher rates than before , " he said .
Following the major outbreaks in North America the flu alert is currently at phase five of a six - level scale .
The virus has infected more than 26,500 people in 73 countries .
The WHO held a conference call with governments on Wednesday , but afterwards said no decision had been taken on moving to phase six - the pandemic stage - at the moment .
Gregory Hartl , WHOs spokesperson for epidemic and pandemic diseases , said if a pandemic was announced it would not be the " apocalyptic situation " envisaged when bird flu looked liked it would be the cause .
" What we are seeing now with H1N1 is that in most cases the disease is self - limting , lets say 98 - 98 % of the people we know to be affected recover without any need for hospitalisation , as far as we can tell .
" We do understand that the natural reaction of people if and when we declare phase six could be very strong .
" But we would hope that there would be quiet quickly an adjustment reaction , as happened in the US , when people realised they were n't getting seriously ill . "
The media must play a part here , emphasising the facts about this virus and not over - reacting
Fergus Walsh
BBC medical correspondent
Read more from Fergus Walsh BBC medical correspondent Fergus Walsh says it is true that the word " pandemic " sounds scary .
But it simply means a global epidemic of an infectious disease .
He says it is not a signal that the virus is getting more virulent - only a measure of its geographical spread .
As the number of H1N1 cases in Australia passes 1,200 , Singapore has urged its citizens to avoid travel to Victoria .
Authorities in New South Wales and South Australia , as well as the national capital , Canberra , have told children who have recently travelled to Melbourne to stay away from school for a week on their return home .
The entire squad and staff of the Brisbane Broncos rugby league club have been put into quarantine as tests are carried out on a player suspected of contracting swine flu .
Have you had the virus ?
Send us your comments using the form below : A selection of your comments may be published , displaying your name and location unless you state otherwise in the box below .
Name
Your E-mail address
Town & Country
Phone number ( optional ) :
Comments
The BBC may edit your comments and not all emails will be published .
Your comments may be published on any BBC media worldwide .
Terms & Conditions
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Bonsai is the art of aesthetic miniaturization of trees , or of developing woody or semi- woody plants shaped as trees , by growing them in containers .
Cultivation includes techniques for shaping , watering , and repotting in various styles of containers .
‘ Bonsai ’ is a Japanese pronunciation of the earlier Chinese term penzai ( 盆栽 ) .
A ‘ bon ’ is a tray - like pot typically used in bonsai culture .
[ 2 ]
The word bonsai is used in the West as an umbrella term for all miniature trees in containers or pots .
AP
Looking over the fence to Canada
EMIGRATION to Canada was a well - trodden road for dissidents after the Soviet - led invasion of Czechoslovakia in 1968 .
It is 20 years since the country 's leaden communist regime perished in the velvet revolution .
The Czech Republic is a regional success story .
Yet rising numbers of Roma ( gypsy ) citizens are making the same journey to the same faraway country , because life at home is intolerable .
Around 250,000 Roma live in the Czech Republic .
Their problems include poverty , lack of education , centuries of prejudice and , now , attacks by far - right extremists .
According to the Canadian embassy in Prague , 861 Czechs applied for asylum in Canada in 2008 , and 84 won it .
Canada does not record their ethnic origin , but officials say most were Roma .
That exceeds figures from countries such as Afghanistan ( 488 applicants ) and Iraq ( 282 ) .
For communist Cuba , much scolded by the Czech government for its poor human - rights record , the figures were 184 applicants and 93 given asylum .
The numbers for the first quarter of 2009 are even more startling : 653 applications , of which 34 were granted .
Admittedly , getting to Canada is easier for the Czech Roma than for Afghans or Iraqis ( in October 2007 the Canadians lifted visa requirements for Czechs that had been imposed ten years earlier after a previous Roma exodus ) .
But the figures are also higher than from other ex-communist countries with large Roma populations and visa - free travel to Canada .
Last year only 288 Hungarians made applications , with 22 granted .
Some Canadian officials say asylum has become a business , with middlemen charging Roma to arrange it .
But nobody has produced evidence of this , and the Czech authorities say they have seen no sign .
Anna Polakova , who heads Romani - language public broadcasting in Prague , says the claims are absurd .
She also questions the idea that Roma asylum applicants are motivated by Canadian welfare payments .
“ Even if you have little , your family has been here for two , three generations .
You know the language .
We have our graves here , ” she says .
In her view , it is middle - class Roma who are leaving in frustration .
“ Despite all the talk , the fascists are walking down the street . ”
She herself considered emigration after her son was badly beaten up by skinheads .
The Czech record is no source of pride .
Not only has far - right extremism been rising , but so also is segregation .
A government study in 2006 found that 80,000 Roma live in over 300 ghetto - like communities , four - fifths of which came into existence only in the previous decade .
Roma activists blame Jiri Cunek , a Christian Democratic leader and former deputy prime minister , for making anti-Roma prejudice acceptable in mainstream politics .
A mayor of Vsetin in the east , Mr Cunek ordered the eviction of dozens of Roma families from a run-down building in the town centre into containers on its edge .
Recently police blocked a confrontation between Roma activists and a neo -Nazi march in Krupka , in the north - west .
Last November a similar event in Litvinov , in the north , turned into a riot , with police fighting 500 right - wingers trying to get to a Roma neighbourhood blamed as a hotbed of crime .
A firebomb attack on a Roma dwelling in Vitkov , one of three in recent months , badly burnt a 22 - month - old girl .
Roma are suffering in many other countries in the region .
Hungary has witnessed a spate of especially nasty murders .
But the rich , well - governed Czech Republic , which holds the European Union 's rotating presidency , can surely do better .
Dr D. Jeyakumar .
By Peter Boyle
May 8 , 2009 -- Action in Solidarity with Asia and the Pacific -- Police detained dozens of opposition activists , lawyers and legislators on May 6 - 7 as protests erupted around Malaysia 's ruling National Front 's ( Barisan Nasional -- BN ) removal of the opposition People ’s Alliance ( Pakatan Rakyat ) state government of Perak , one of five states won by the opposition in the March 2008 general elections .
Among those arrested was Dr D. Jeyakumar , the federal MP of the Socialist Party of Malaysia ( PSM ) .
Earlier this year , the BN induced three opposition state assembly members to turn " independent " and support the BN to take over the Perak state government .
May 7 was the first day of sitting of the state assembly since the BN power grab .
The opposition has called for new elections to the state assembly and opinion polls indicate taht the opposition could win a bigger majority if new elections were called .
For the first time in Malaysia ’s history , police invaded a state assembly and dragged off opposition assembly members who were resisting the removal of the Pakatan Rakyat speaker of the assembly .
The speaker , D. Sivakumar , was also dragged off .
PSM secretary - general S. Arutchelvan described the incident as the " unmasking " of new BN Prime Minister Najib Razak as a repressive ruler .
PSM MP arrested
Jeyakumar was arrested along several others simply for turning up to show his support for the opposition at the Perak state assembly building in Ipoh , Arutchelvan explained .
An electoral reform activist Wong Chin Huat was arrested and charged with sedition for calling on the public to wear black in protest .
" People who went to show solidarity with Wong were harassed and arrested in front of the Brickfield Police Station " , Arutchelvan reported .
" Islamic Party ( PAS ) vice - president Mohamad Sabu was locked up because he was going to lead mass prayers over the Perak state assembly sitting .
Three students who tried to deliver a cake on the 31st birthday of Altantuya , a Mongolian model alleged to have been murdered on Najib ’s orders , were also arrested .
" Police chief Musa Hassan even warned the public not to wear black on May 7 .
The police also obtained a court injunction which allows them to arrest on sight any member of the public seen within the vicinity of Perak state government building .
Riot police surrounded the building and set up road blocks in the area and Jeyakumar and 68 other opposition supporters were arrested for breaching this order " , said Arutchelvan .
Later that night , police arrested dozens of people who held candlelight vigils in several cities .
BN has `no faith in people '
Arutchelvan continued : " Those who have seen Najib in action in 1987 , with his infamous threat to ' soak the keris [ traditional Malay sword ] in Chinese blood ' , will remember what he is capable of doing .
The BN maneuvres to avoid a new state election in Perak and the BN ’s fear of by - elections are clear signs that the BN will not try to seek any mandate from the people .
When a government has no faith in the people , then they will have no choice but to use the machinery of the state -- the police , army , the courts and the election commission – to serve its objectives .
" BN ’s power politics had always revolved around three factors : money politics and the support of the capitalist class , the use of state machinery to crush political enemies and the issue of race and religious issues to create disunity .
“ Today we see that some of these elements are withering away .
The unity within BN is crumbling every time the race card is used .
It backfires .
The capitalist class has no loyalty and will support any government which is pro-business and free - market orientated , as we can see in the case of the Pakatan - controlled state governments .
That means Najib can only rely on the state machinery to hang on to power .
" The people surprised both the opposition and the ruling party in the last general elections .
Today the people are faced by another kind of scenario when the ruling party is not interested in elections .
We may not have the freedom to fight future battles through the ballot any more .
It is therefore important to built multiethnic people ’s power based on equality , human rights and fairness to fight the oppression and the undemocratic onslaught facing all of us .
" It is only by building a truly multiethnic people ’s power from below , from the grassroots , that can we challenge the more than 50 years of tyranny by the ruling elites .
The biggest challenge for Pakatan is not only the BN but its own challenge to overcome racial and religious politics and serve the people irrespective of race and religion , fairly and equally .
" Today we see a power struggle in the state of Perak .
The might of the people is in its numbers .
PSM stands together with the people for real reforms . "
QR Code Link to This Post
cats are OK - purrr
dogs are OK - wooof
Location : Los Angeles
it 's NOT ok to contact this poster with services or other commercial interests
You may have seen this ad up for six weeks , and that is because I can't find anyone who suits my ridiculous needs .
This does not tell me to modify them , rather , I simply place new ads .
This time I checked " cat and dog " okay , although under no circumstances are you to bring an animal into my home .
Perhaps someone else wrote this ad for me , and checked that box unbeknownst to me .
At least , that is the story I will stick to when you call .
I can't be bothered to be aware of the ads regarding my own apartment .
Far be it from me to be realistic , I will behave as if I 'm offering you an opportunity to live a life of LA luxury ; however , it 's just the smallest room available in my apartment that I obviously can't afford alone .
Despite my personal economic situation , your lack of a high - paying job will not be acceptable .
Actors and other artists are today 's lepers .
Stay in your colonies .
Nowhere on Earth is a living room considered a private room , except in my magical apartment .
This is because I have hung a magic sheet .
Also , I will subject you to a CIA - level background check , and credit check , as well as require first and last month 's rent and a security deposit three times the amount anyone could describe as reasonable .
There is no lease involved so you will be simply hoping the deposit money is n't lost , but let 's face it ... it is .
Small claims court takes years .
I will tell you absolutely nothing about myself .
Please send pics .
Robert Mugabe
The professor was convinced that this object , which resembled a damaged , ancient African drum , was in fact the lost Ark of the Covenant .
One of the most holy objects in ­existence , the Ark , thought to have dated back to around 1200 BC , is ­described in the Bible as a form of container that once held the tablets on which were inscribed God ’s Ten Commandments .
Yet sometime around 587 BC , after the Babylonians invaded Jerusalem , the Ark is thought to have vanished .
But after decades of exhaustive ­research , Parfitt became convinced that the ordinary looking wooden object in the storeroom of the Musuem of Human Sciences in Harare , Zimbabwe , really was the ­remains of the lost Ark .
Last year he published a book detailing his breakthrough and documentaries broadcast around the world heralded the find as one of the greatest archaeological discoveries since the Dead Sea scrolls .
The world ’s media soon dubbed the Welsh professor “ the British Indiana Jones ” .
But now , almost a year later , Parfitt is worried .
Since the publication of his book and the broadcast of the documentaries , the whereabouts of his intriguing discovery are once again unknown .
Parfitt says he has been told by sources close to family members of the autocratic Zimbabwean president Robert ­Mugabe that the object is now in the possession of one of Mugabe ’s relations , perhaps even Mugabe himself .
“ I first got suspicious when I started to hear that several people who had tried to see the Ark , many of them ­respectable academics , had been turned away and the museum was becoming very cagey about it , ” he says .
“ Then a contact of mine who has connections to Mugabe ’s extended family told me that people close to Mugabe have taken it .
“ I ’ve tried to make attempts to confirm it but Zimbabwe being such a difficult and corrupt country has meant I have n’t been able to discover where it has been taken . ”
The professor ’s quest for the Ark began in 1987 when he found himself living with the Lemba tribe in a rural area of central Zimbabwe .
They had sparked his interest because they claimed to be descended from the tribes of Israel .
Though the Lemba looked African they had many traditions that seemed to have come straight from the Old Testament .
They did n’t intermarry with other tribes , circumcised their boys , refused pork and ritually slaughtered animals using a special knife .
They also talked about a sacred ­object they had once held but since lost called the ngoma , which they claimed their ancestors had rescued from the great temple in Jerusalem and brought to Africa .
Parfitt was struck by the similarities between the Lemba ’s description of the ngoma and the Bible ’s description of the Ark of the Covenant .
Both were carried on poles and not allowed to touch the ground , both were brought into battle as a way of guaranteeing victory and both were guarded by a priest class , whose male descendants would inherit the guarding role .
In the case of the Ark these men were the Levites ; those guarding the ngoma were called the Buba .
“ There also seemed to be significant differences , ” says Parfitt .
“ The Ark was apparently a kind of box or chest while the ngoma was described as a drum , although it was used to carry objects inside it .
The Ark was covered in gold but the ngoma was just made of wood . ”
There was also no proof that the Lemba really had come out of Israel as they claimed .
However , Parfitt grew more and more interested in finding out what really had happened to the Ark .
He investigated many of the theories ­associated with its disappearance , ­including one that it had been hidden in the depths of Temple Mount or that it had been removed from Jerusalem before the Babylonians arrived and taken to North Africa , eventually ending up in Ethiopia or the Yemen .
But his investigations in the Middle East and North Africa drew a blank .
He even travelled to Papua New Guinea in search of the Ark , fruitlessly ­researching claims that another lost tribe of Israel had brought it with them to the Pacific island .
Meanwhile a closer investigation of the books of the Old Testament helped him to become increasingly convinced that there were in fact two Arks .
Exodus describes how Moses first ascends Mount Sinai and is given the tablets with the commandments on them .
He is described as holding one in each hand when he sees the ­Israelites worshipping the golden calf and destroys them in anger .
When Moses goes back to Mount Sinai for a second time , however , God asks him to build an ark of wood to hold the tablets .
In Deuteronomy Moses describes how he builds the Ark himself out of Shittim wood , now more commonly known as red acacia , a tree that grows on Mount Sinai .
But Exodus suggests that a much more elaborate , golden Ark was built by Bezalel , Moses ’s chief architect and craftsman .
Parfitt has found other sources in ancient Hebrew Rabbi texts that suggest this more elaborate golden Ark was built later and mostly kept in the Temple , perhaps once the tablets had been transferred into it .
Operation Rescue founder Randall Terry , the most prominent anti-abortion activist in the country , appeared at the National Press Club today to defend his statement that slain Kansas physician Dr. George Tiller got what he deserved .
People For the American Way was there with a camera .
Terry stunned his press club audience when he tried to deflect blame for the killing , which he referred to as a “ setback for us on some levels ” :
Terry :
The point that must be emphasized over , and over , and over again : pro-life leaders and the pro-life movement are not responsible for George Tiller 's death .
George Tiller was a mass - murder and , horrifically , he reaped what he sowed .
Q : So who is responsible ...
Terry :
The man who shot him is responsible ... Q : " ... because that makes it sound like you were saying that he [ Tiller ] is responsible .
Terry :
The man who shot him is responsible .
Q : What did you mean by " he reaped what he sowed " ?
Terry :
He was a mass - murder .
He sowed death .
And then he reaped death in a horrifying way .
But here ’s perhaps the most telling , and twisted , part of the whole spectacle .
Terry , after referring to Tiller ’s murder as a “ teaching moment for what child - killing is really all about ” and wrapping up the press conference , basically asked the crowd if someone wanted to buy him lunch :
Cheating is increasingly sophisticated .
One group of parents last year outfitted their children with tiny earpieces , persuaded a teacher to fax them the questions and then transmitted the answers by cellphone .
Another father equipped a student with a miniscanner and had nine teachers on standby to provide the answers .
In all , 2,645 cheaters were caught last year .
Critics complain that the gao kao illustrates the flaws in an education system that stresses memorization over independent thinking and creativity .
Educators also say that rural students are at a disadvantage and that the quality of higher education has been sacrificed for quantity .
But the national obsession with the test also indicates progress .
Despite a slight drop in registration this year  the first decline in seven years  five million more students signed up for the test than did so in 2002 .
China now has more than 1,900 institutions of higher learning , nearly double the number in 2000 .
Close to 19 million students are enrolled , a sixfold jump in one decade .
Liu Qichao , 19 , a big - boned student with careful habits , plans to be the first in his family to go to college .
“ There just were not a lot of universities then , ” said his father , Liu Jie , who graduated from high school in 1980 and sells textile machinery .
His son harbors hopes of getting into one of China ’s top universities .
But the whole family was shaken by the results of his first try at the gao kao last June .
The night before the exam , he lingered at his parents ’ bedside , unable to sleep for hours .
“ I was so nervous during the exam my mind went blank , ” he said .
He scored 432 points out of a possible 750 , too low to be admitted even to a second - tier institution .
Brazilian ships and French and Brazilian military planes began the search hours after an Air France passenger jet disappeared from radar screens , Monday , June 1 , 2009 , on a flight to Paris from Rio de Janeiro .
The jet is presumed to have crashed in the Atlantic Ocean , somewhere off the coast of Brazil .
But the last known location of Air France Flight 447 makes finding the plane a difficult task , said a former senior investigator with the Transportation Safety Board of Canada ( TSB ) .
Nick Stoss , the past director of air investigations with the TSB , said locating the Airbus 330-200 aircraft or any of the 228 people who were on board is complicated by the fact that the plane was outside the reach of radar and over deep ocean waters .
" It 's a significant search area , " he told CBC News .
Brazilian military ships and planes are searching the area near the archipelago of Fernando de Noronha , more than 300 kilometres off the most eastern point of Brazil , while French planes that took off from Senegal look farther east .
France has also called upon the United States to aid with satellite imagery .
Ground radar stations are usually able to track a plane 's whereabouts within 400 to 500 kilometres from the coast , said Stoss , with higher altitude planes easier to detect .
The Air France jetliner was said to be hundreds of kilometres from the Brazilian coast when it sent out an automatic message signalling a malfunction of the plane 's electrical circuitry about four hours into the flight .
The plane reportedly hit a severe electrical storm .
Without the assistance of radar , air officials rely on automatic messages like the one sent at 10:36 p.m. ET from Flight 447 to not only keep them informed of the technical information of the aircraft but also to let them know the aircraft 's location .
Air crews also routinely check in with status updates , but these are infrequent , often once an hour , whereas the automatic transmissions can occur about every five minutes or when there is an issue , said Stoss .
Aircraft also have the ability to send a distress signal using an Emergency Locator Transmitter , or ELT .
These transmitters can send a signal at 406 MHz that satellites can pick up and send to ground control stations , but it 's unclear whether the Air France plane sent out such a signal .
Lacking data from the ELT , search and rescue operations typically extend about 30 kilometres on either side of the planned flight route , starting from the aircraft 's last known position , according to the Transport Canada website .
To conduct the actual search , planes and ships rely on sonar signals from the flight data recorder , or black box .
Stoss said the black box , if functioning , can send out a ping that can be detected as far as 100 kilometres .
Unless visual signs of the plane turn up , the flight data recorder is likely the best clue for investigators trying to uncover what happened to the plane .
Tracking it down , however , wo n't be easy , as the Atlantic Ocean extends to depths of around 3,900 metres .
The head of investigation and accident prevention for Brazil 's Civil Aeronautics Agency , Douglas Ferreira Machado , said as much when he told the Associated Press the search could take a " long time . "
" It could be a long , sad story , " he said Monday .
" The black box will be at the bottom of the sea . "
( CNN ) -- Norman Ollestad remembers the tree limb .
The book 's jacket features a picture of a 1 - year - old Norman clinging to his father 's back on a surfboard .
He was 11 years old , riding in a Cessna in a blizzard through California 's San Gabriel Mountains in 1979 , on his way to pick up a trophy he won in a skiing competition .
" The gray clouds were just pressing against the windows ; it did n't even seem like we were moving , " he recalls .
" Then , there 's a limb reaching out of that fog and disappearing .
Then another one and another one .
" Then realizing we were in the trees . "
The plane crash that followed killed his father and the pilot and badly wounded his father 's girlfriend , who with young Norman was tossed violently onto the top of an 8,600 - foot mountain in the freezing , February chill .
" I felt three thuds .
The third one must have knocked me cold , " says Ollestad , now 41 .
" I remember feeling those thuds in my spine -- a clear memory of that .
Then I woke up who knows how long after . "
The ensuing nine - hour , life - or - death descent -- in the end , he was the only survivor -- is the topic of " Crazy for the Storm : A Memoir of Survival . "
Watch the press conference that followed his survival »
But the book is about more than a plane crash , namely his relationship with an adrenaline - junkie father who basked in the wild life of Malibu in the 1970s and relentlessly pushed his " Boy Wonder " to excel from the ski slopes of northern California to the crashing surf off the Mexican coast .
" It 's actually 100 percent about my relationship with my father , " Ollestad said .
" That relationship was present on the mountain with me , even though he was dead . "
Released this month , the book already has been picked up by Warner Bros. [ a sister company of CNN ] for a feature film and has earned critical acclaim , including comparisons to John Krakauer 's 1997 nonfiction best - seller " Into Thin Air . "
" An engrossing story of adventure , survival and psychological exploration , " wrote the journal Kirkus Reviews .
In the book , Ollestad cuts back and forth between the crash and journey down the mountain and the years leading up to that moment .
Included are memories of life in Malibu , where he grew up the son of divorced parents in a cottage on the beach .
There are surfers and skate rats , musicians and nudists and memories of smoking weed and spying on his neighbors ' most intimate moments .
But mostly there 's his father , Norman Ollestad Sr. , an athlete , actor , lawyer , musician and former FBI agent .
From the age of 3 , Norman was groomed for competitive " extreme sports " by his father and pushed to be the best .
The book 's jacket features a picture of a 1 - year - old Norman clinging to his father 's back as he steers a surfboard atop the waves of California 's Topanga State Beach .
He acknowledges that many times , when his father was cooking up a new adventure for the two of them , he would rather have been " riding my bike or eating chocolate cake . "
" [ At first ] a lot of people are , ' Wow .. I had a lot of trouble with some of the stuff your dad was doing , ' " says Ollestad , who studied creative writing at UCLA and attended UCLA 's film school .
" But then it turned out that a lot of that stuff was really beautiful . "
And he believes it saved his life .
The skiing made him aware of how steep the mountain 's slope was and what it would take to get down it without falling .
The skiing and surfing gave him control of his body and awareness of the exact movements required to work his way out of the descent 's most treacherous spots .
" Some of it was sort of eerily , specifically perfect for the situation , " he says .
" Forty - five degree pitch , blizzard with ice , well , I 've been here for eight years doing this .
It was familiar to me . "
The book has had another , unexpected result for Ollestad , who now lives in Venice , California .
He says he 's been shocked at the e-mail from readers .
" Nobody 's even written about the plane crash , " he says .
" [ They say ] 'it reminds me of some of the things I did with my dad or some of the things I did n't get to do . '
" In every e-mail , whether it 's a woman or a man , they talk about ... their relationship with their father or mother .
It touches something in there where they want to talk about it . "
Now , for Ollestad , the story has followed him all the way around .
He 's the father of an 8 - year - old , Noah , and seeks to walk the line between responsible parenting and teaching his child the lessons he says saved his life .
" Those were different times , " he tells the boy in the book 's epilogue .
" My dad made me do lots of things that I 'd get arrested for making you do . "
All About Books
View Transcript
Transcript
The boss says , " In phase one , we 'll tell our customer that the system failure wo n't happen again . "
Not us !
The boss says , " In phase two , when it happens again , we 'll act surprised . "
The boss says , " Then we 'll say a software patch is being installed . "
Asok the intern says , " Gaaa !!!
We 're bad people ! "
Steny Hoyer : House May Investigate Nancy Pelosi
Steny Hoyer has admitted that the house may have to investigate Nancy Pelosi about what and when she knew about watetboarding .
Of course he is saying that this is nothing but a vast right wing conspiracy to divert the public attention away from the fact that the Bush administration used waterboarding .
I guess he either just does n’t understand or does n’t want to admit that if Nancy Pelosi knew about waterboarding and had a chance to stop it , than she is an accessory to the crimes that the far left want to levy on the Bush administration .
It is as simple as that .
Here is what he had to say about the issue :
I think the Republicans are simply trying to distract the American public with who knew what when .
My response to that is , look , the issue is not what was said or what was known ; the question and focus ought to be on what was done
But then he grudgingly said the following :
what was said and when it was said , who said it … is probably what ought to be on the record as well . ”
If you are going to investigate the Bush administration for the use of waterboarding you have to investigate who knew what and when did they know it .
It is not a diversion , it is all part of the same issue .
If I concede for the sake of the argument that waterboarding is torture and that the administration is going to be investigated than the investigation ca n’t be limited in its scope to just one aspect of the issue .
The whole issue must also be investigated and that includes the people like Nancy Pelosi who were briefed before and after it was known that waterboarding was approved and used on three different terrorists .
She has been on her high horse , preaching from her soapbox about this issue for years and she knew about it all along .
Anybody who knew about waterboarding and did n’t try to stop it , approved of it with their silence and they are guilty as well .
Nancy Pelosi has been lying about this issue for years now and as more heat gets applied to her we see her story changing before our eyes .
She is covering up her roll in this issue and someone who goes before the television cameras and lies about an issue that may come under investigation is hiding something .
We deserve to know what it is .
We deserve the truth .
ANALYSIS / OPINION :
Just because President Obama ’s Special Olympics joke on the Tonight Show Thursday was not great humor or good politics does n’t mean he deserves the minor thrashing he is getting from the forces of political correctness and by some in the media .
Mr. Obama described his attempts to improve his renowned poor bowling skills on the White House lanes as “ like ( the ) Special Olympics or something . ”
With prophetic recognition of the coming moral outrage and lectures , the White House press shop immediately scrambled to explain away the comment and the president called Special Olympics Chairman Tim Shriver to apologize before the segment even aired .
Los Angeles
Times television critic Robert Lloyd lamented that the comment is the sort of remark that “ sadly has become commonplace in contemporary humor ” and “ nothing you ’d want your president to say , or even think . ”
Really ?
Mr. Obama ’s offhand comment earlier this year at someone ’s expense about séances in the White House was n’t great humor , either .
He apologized to former first lady Nancy Reagan for that supposed gaffe .
Should he have apologized to the tarot card readers of the nation as well ?
Even after Mr. Obama ’s apology , Shriver told ABC ’s Good Morning America , “ It ’s important to see that words hurt , and words do matter and these words can in some way be seen as humiliating or [ a ] put - down to people with special needs . ”
But Mr. Obama showed no clear pejorative intent .
Context matters in speech , and the offended in society often fail to recognize that .
Furthermore , none of this ginned - up controversy is really the point .
The fundamental right of freedom of speech in this country applies to presidents as much as anyone .
Obama is allowed as to say impolitic things as long as they do n’t hurt the country .
It also lent humanity to Mr. Obama , something rarely displayed by presidents in public and that certainly would not have been on display had he stuck with the canned responses he surely discussed with his White House handlers in advance .
Most importantly , the President has real problems to address beside hurt feelings .
The PC police need to relax and learn to take a joke .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
There ’s a lot of crime data .
For almost every reported crime , there ’s a paper or digital record of it somewhere , which means hundreds of thousands of data points – number of thefts , break - ins , assaults , and homicides as well as where and when the incidents occurred .
With all this data it ’s no surprise that the NYPD ( and more recently , the LAPD ) took a liking to COMPSTAT , an accountability management system driven by data .
While a lot of this crime data is kept confidential to respect people ’s privacy , there ’s still plenty of publicly available records .
Here we take a look at twenty visualization examples that explore this data .
General Crime
Oakland Crimespotting .
We ’ll start with Stamen Design ’s exploration tool .
which uses data from CrimeReports .
Pan and zoom the map and filter crimes by type ( e.g. aggravated assault , murder ) .
Use the time series chart to browse by day or use the brand new ‘ time of day ’ browser , which looks a lot like an old school cooking timer .
Stamen ’s Crimespotting is certainly one of the more elegant solutions of the bunch , especially with that new custom base map .
CrimeReports .
This is where Crimespotting ( above ) gets its data from .
It ’s always interesting to see the same data displayed through different goggles .
CrimeReports uses Google goggles ( as do many others ) .
Everyblock .
What started as ChicagoCrime.org , Everyblock reports on local crime ( along with other events ) .
Custom maps and interface - embedded graphs on Everyblock make for a smooth user experience and I believe serve as some of Stamen ’s inspiration .
San Francisco crime map .
This map is kind of dated ( 2003 ) , but it ’s nice to see old stuff sometimes .
Here we see crime rate by block .
Maybe this walkability map could be a good style idea for crime map 2.0 .
Mount Fear .
Abigail Reynolds uses police statistics for violent crimes between 2002 and 2003 in here data - driven sculpture .
Higher peaks show more crime .
London crime mapping .
From the Metropolitan Police in London is this thematic map that colors areas by level of crime .
Red shows high and baby blue indicates below average .
Click on regions for more details on the area .
London Profiler .
London seems to be a believer in crime maps .
The London Profiler overlays burglary rates in November 2007 .
Homicides
New York Homicides Map .
The New York Times shows that even though you use the Google mapping API , your map does n’t have to look Googley .
Browse New
York homicides by type , those involved , and by time .
Roll over incidents to get more details about a crime .
Murder in New York .
This old map from The New York Times was made back in 2006 .
It ’s a straight - up Google mashup , and I put it here strictly for comparison .
It ’s fun to see how far NYT has come with interactive graphics on the Web , or maybe just all interactive graphics in general .
New York Daily Gun Deaths .
Each bullet represents a death .
Colors show the type of death i.e. suicide , homicide , accidental or legal police action .
Counts are broken down by age group .
Murders map .
The Philadelphia Enquirer with a map and filters to show homicides that occurred in Philadelphia during 2006 .
SpotCrime .
Google Maps mashups are of course very popular .
SpotCrime uses cutesy icons to show different types of crimes .
Criminals
Tampa Bay Mugshots .
Welcome to the wall of shame .
Commit a crime and your mugshot just might end up on this wall too .
Fingers crossed .
Below the browseable mugshot slides are histograms of criminal demographics .
Flash Face .
I had some fun with this one .
Flash Face lets you become a sketch artist .
Choose hair , head , eyebrows , and all the other details of the face to compose your own criminal sketch .
Export and print to create a wanted poster of that neighbor you do n’t like .
Victims
Bernie Madoff Victim Map. Bernie Madoff , the former non-executive chairman of the NASDAQ stock exchange .
He screwed over a lot of people .
This map shows the locations of the thousands of investors Madoff defrauded .
Los Angeles Times Homicide Map .
This graphic from the LA Times provides a similar tool to that of previously mentioned NYT article .
The top graph shows weekly toll counts in the Los Angeles area with interactive filters on the left .
This map however focuses on the victims rather than the suspects .
Click on a marker and get details about the person who was killed .
Police Department Activity
Emergency response .
In another work by Stamen Design , this real - time activity display shows the activity in the INdigital Telecom emergency response system .
Incident Reporting and Analysis Tool .
This prototype from Universal Mind is meant as a potential real - time display of police activity in San Francisco .
Government
Goverment scandals .
Crime does n’t have to be limited to homicides and theft .
Slate Magazine uses an interactive venn diagram to show recent government scandals .
Illustrated Guide to GOP Scandals .
Ah yes .
The floating - head - on - cartoon - map style I believe is the technical term for it .
Are there any other visualizations that show crime in your area ?
Leave a link in the comments .
A kind reader sent me an e-mail recently that set off more alarm bells than Southern California in fire season .
It was n't her question about college finances that worried me but why she had n't run it by a financial planner .
" We do have a planner , " the reader wrote , " but I have to say she has n't really advised us in the area of long - term planning , just suggested and invested in mutual funds . "
Any financial planner worth her salt should help clients prepare for watershed financial moments , not just pick funds .
This underscored how we do n't think enough about the conflicts of interest the people who manage our money might have .
A 2006 RAND Corp. study found most people do n't understand key differences between broker - dealers and financial advisers .
As Bernie Madoff showed us , even the highfalutin do n't give it as much thought as they should .
( Get more help picking a money manager or planner here and weigh in on our poll ) .
President Barack Obama does .
As part of his financial industry overhaul announced this month , Obama wants to require that stockbrokers and dealers put the client 's interest ahead of their own .
No more pushing products or making trades at the expense of their customers ' pocketbook or well being .
They would have to abide by the same " fiduciary " standard that the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission holds financial advisers and planners to .
This change is long overdue , especially since the differences between those professions have blurred in the public 's mind .
The Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association spokespeople say the trade organization is still forming its position .
You can be sure , however , it will fight this .
It used to be that the lines between the titles were clear .
Brokers bought and sold securities for others .
Dealers bought and sold securities for their own accounts .
Investment advisers recommended securities .
Financial planners charted futures and ( most ) advised as well .
Anyone can call himself a financial planner .
And over the last two decades , anyone has .
Broker - dealers have become " planners . "
So have bankers .
They 're going to do even more " planning " in the future .
Be warned .
If an adviser or planner does n't have an RIA or CFP next to their name , they do n't abide by the stricter fiduciary standard .
An RIA , Registered Investment Adviser , must register with state securities regulators .
Or with the SEC , if they manage more than $ 25 million in assets .
A CFP , or Certified Financial Planner , must pass a tough exam and chalk up three years ' experience to claim the designation .
If they manage assets , they also must register with authorities .
Even if they 're only providing advice , they must come under state supervision , said John Carr , a Lake Oswego attorney who represents advisers and planners .
These pros live with the following prescript as they manage someone 's finances : " You can personally be liable for an innocent , negligent mistake , " Carr said .
Broker - dealers do n't .
They 're self - regulated by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority , not the SEC .
They 're held to a less rigorous " suitability " standard -- buying and selling only what is suitable for their client 's financial status and needs .
Yet , " suitability does n't mean cheapest , " noted Tamar Frankel , a professor of securities law at Boston University .
" It does n't mean for my benefit . "
A broker - dealer can invest someone 's money in a fund that earns them a commission over a competing fund with lower expenses and fees , without really spelling out the differences to the client .
What 's more , clients cannot take broker - dealers to court over bad advice .
Mandatory arbitration agreements force broker - dealer disputes before an arbitrator , who may have been a former broker - dealer himself .
The Obama administration also plans to review the fairness of this arrangement .
There are ethical brokers out there , I 'm sure .
There are many ethical investment advisers who disclose commissions up front and who deposit clients ' money with a separate custodian -- something Madoff did not do .
I 'm partial to fee - only advisers and planners .
They get paid either by the hour , the service they provide , on retainer or by a percentage of the assets they manage -- or some combination of those methods .
They most often are members of the National Association of Personal Financial Advisors , which promotes their fiduciary duties .
Even they have potential conflicts .
If you want to liquidate some of your investment holdings to pay off your house , their revenue goes down .
Others charge by the hour or service , so they theoretically could drum up work to boost revenue .
" There are always going to be conflicts of interest . " said Susan MacMichael John , a CFP and NAPFA board member .
The best thing you can do is be aware of them .
Ask your prospective money manager to go over any potential conflicts and pay arrangements before you hire them .
Ask them , too , if they 'll warn you when a conflict arises in the future , before you make any investment decision .
You can also push Washington to adopt Obama 's proposed changes .
Sen . Jeff Merkley , D - Ore. , sits on the chamber 's Banking , Housing and Urban Affairs Committee .
Or , pay a planner or adviser for just that -- planning and advice .
But manage your money yourself .
Then you 'll have only yourself to blame .
And any columnist you choose to heed .
Brent Hunsberger does not give individual financial advice but welcomes questions and comments about his column or blog .
Reach him at 503-221-8359 or brenthunsberger@news.oregonian.com .
Are the Elderly Committing Generational Theft ?
John Stossel argues it 's time for America to do less for its senior citizens .
May 7 , 2009  -- At La Posada Retirement Community in Palm Beach Gardens , Fla. , people live a pretty good life .
With manicured grounds , an elegant swimming pool , a fine dining room , and beautiful lakeside property , La Posada made Forbes ' list of " America 's Top 10 Ritzy Retirement Communities . "
" We have a wonderful life here , " said resident Joy Turner .
And how much does it cost to buy in ?
" Anywhere between $ 350,000 to half a million dollars , " said another resident , Sam Bath .
And that 's only the initial entrance fee !
But even though these elderly people are doing quite well , they get a bonus :
Thanks to Medicare , the taxpayer covers most of their health care costs .
" Medicare , I think it 's the most wonderful thing , " said resident Marilyn Herron .
Henry Becker , another La Posada resident , believes that Medicare is " one of the best things this country has ever done . "
It 's no surprise that these elderly residents like Medicare .
Everyone likes getting things for free , and Medicare often makes going to the doctor just about free .
With medical costs that cheap , some of these elderly residents go all the time .
" That 's our social life , " Herron joked .
But Regina Herzlinger , a professor at Harvard Business School , said Medicare cheats the young .
" What kind of legacy are we leaving for them ? " she asked .
" We 're really stealing from them .
It 's not right . "
" 20/20 " interviewed three high school students in Dayton , Ohio who said they are eager to help the needy -- in fact , they volunteer at their local food bank .
But these teens are angry that Medicare forces them to pay for even wealthy seniors .
" How do they feel , morally , that they 're living in these $ 300,000 , $ 500,000 homes and they 're still not paying for their own health care ? " asked student Patti Arnold .
" This program is essentially ripping my generation off ! " exclaimed student Zach Hardaway .
Medicare Causes ' Fiscal Tidal Wave '
Policy experts like Andrew Biggs of the American Enterprise Institute say these teenagers have a point .
" The government spends around $ 6 on seniors for every dollar it spends on children , and yet the poverty rate among children is far higher than it is among seniors , " he said .
That 's true -- the government takes from the young to give to the old , even though the elderly 's median net worth is much higher .
It amounts to " helping people who do n't need help and taking from those who need it , " as student Nathan Constable described it .
So how do residents of La Posada respond to these teenagers essentially calling them greedy geezers ?
" It 's kids .
I mean , they do n't think .
They do n't think the problem through , " said resident Walt McCarthy .
Many seniors believe that after having money deducted from every paycheck for years on end , they 've paid their dues .
" I paid in for 40 years , " said resident Henry Pearl .
" Our lifestyle now is our deserving , " added Herron .
It 's true they paid into the system for many years , but today the average Medicare beneficiary collects two to three times more than he paid in .
Retired investor and billionaire Pete Peterson argues that it is " not only unfair , it 's downright immoral . "
For Peterson it 's not just about fairness -- it 's about affordability .
The Peter G. Peterson Foundation , a nonpartisan philanthropic organization advocating fiscal reform , has been vocal in sounding the alarms about Medicare 's coming bankruptcy .
" Medicare is already a fiscal tidal wave , " he says .
When the government created Medicare in 1965 , there were around six working age Americans to pay for one Medicare recipient .
Today , because there are so many older people and our life expectancy has increased , around four working age Americans shoulder the burden of one recipient .
As the Baby Boomer generation retires , that ratio will only get worse .
The numbers are chilling .
The government has promised $ 34 trillion dollars more for Medicare than it has actually funded -- roughly the equivalent of 30 Iraq Wars .
This looming fiscal disaster dwarfs everything we 're currently dealing with .
Medicare May Be World 's Largest Ponzi Scheme
With the current system doomed to go bust before today 's teenagers retire , Medicare is essentially the world 's largest Ponzi scheme .
Bernie Madoff 's scam is pocket change by comparison .
" Medicare is no longer able to guarantee my generation anything in return , " Constable said .
And yet the residents of La Posada believe Medicare should cover more , even though Medicare has covered seemingly inessential things like Viagra .
It may seem dumb , but seniors want it .
And what seniors want , they usually get , because they vote in large numbers .
So what if a politician campaigned on cutting Medicare ?
" Well , then you pay for your campaign , and do n't ask me for any ! " exclaimed senior Carol Gessner .
But Herzlinger and Petersen said seniors just have to make some sacrifices : Medicare must raise the eligibility age or cut off benefits for wealthy seniors .
" We need to get some personal responsibility in Medicare , " said Herzlinger .
" If you 're poor , OK , you get Medicare .
If you can afford to pay for [ health insurance ] yourself , please , go ahead and do it . "
AARP , the giant lobbying group for seniors , opposes those ideas .
It claims Medicare 's deficits can be solved largely by eliminating waste and reforming health care .
AARP Director of Legislative Policy David Certner said , " We need to do things like make better use of health information technology and health records .
We need to do a better job . "
So then , computers are going to solve all the problems ?
" Well , they certainly wo n't solve them all , " he replied .
" They will help make health care more efficient . "
But the Congressional Budget Office says the reforms Certner advocates wo n't really save much money .
They 're not going to truly make a difference .
" Well , they 're going to have to make a difference , " he said .
This past decade AARP spent more than $ 150 million lobbying .
The group runs ads reminding lawmakers : we 're watching you .
" Well , AARP does n't want to see people go without insurance , " said Certner .
" But ultimately somebody 's going to have to give up some medical treatment they 'd been getting , " countered Peterson .
Peterson has been fighting a lonely battle because many seniors do n't know the ugly truth .
But once the La Posada residents learned more about the issue , some began to express second thoughts .
" I hear what the kids are saying , and talking strictly from a monetary point of view , they are right , " admitted Pearl .
" When they get to be our age , there may not be any Medicare . "
They understand Medicare 's oncoming fiscal crisis and they do n't actually want to rip off younger generations .
" Tell them to change the law .
If the kids can get the votes then they can get it done , " said McCarthy .
Of course , that 's not likely to happen soon .
" Who said life is fair ? " said Herron .
Grid Systems – Making grids in Illustrator
Designing within a grid system involves defining the material you are going to work with , defining the page size , making a proportional grid onto the space and then fitting your design into the grid .
Having a good grid system will speed up the work process so it ’s always wise to spend a little time on the grid first .
Grid systems can be based on known proportions like the Golden Rule , Rule of Thirds or proportions based on standard paper sizes .
But in the end most of the grids are based on the designers feeling for good looking page which is then made stronger by using known rules for making the grids .
A few articles have been published lately on grid systems on various blogs .
Most of it is on grid systems for web sites , much less on paper based design .
And some fantastic books have been written on the subject .
Same rules more and less apply , whether you are designing for paper or web .
If you are new to this subject you might want to start by reading :
… a great set of articles by Mark Boulton , called Five simple steps to designing grid systems .
Great read for novice and everyone else .
… a great selection of articles on designing with grids , old and new on Smashing Magazine
… everything on The Grid System , one of the major source on grid systems lately .
Check out the section of the free grid templates .
You can download the templates and investigate them .
Be sure to read the explanation text that comes with the templates .
It will give you some insight into the mechanism behind each grid .
… buy and read Grid systems in Graphic Design by Josef Müller–Brockmann .
One of the best books on the subject .
… finally , download and read the great booklet called The Vignelli Canon by Massimo Vignelli .
There are many other sources that come to mind but we ’ll start with these .
InDesign , as a page layout program has some great tools to accompany a grid system , some that Illustrator is lacking .
Like the Baseline Grid .
Both applications have a Document Grid , a gray net of lines to snap text and object to .
But here is a limitation in the Document Grid in Illustrator .
It only allows you to set it for even sided squares , while InDesign lets you set different measurements for horizontal and vertical lines .
On the other hand Adobe Illustrator which is a one - page program ( although CS4 has multiple artboards ) has some other tools that are just as great in its own way , tools that can really speed up the making of the grids .
I want to show you some of the tools here .
Let us start by making an A4 page in Illustrator .
We want to make a grid what has three columns and is divided into six rows .
We have in mind to use 10,5 pt type on a 12 pt leading .
This is just an example and after you finish making this grid you can make what ever better suits your taste .
Actually the 10,5 pt type does not play any role in this grid making but our main focus is on the leading .
In this example we ’ll use the 12 pt leading as a basis for the grid but we have to do some adjustments to that number as you will see .
Have Rulers turned on , Cmd+R .
Have your measurements set to millimeters .
You can change to it by right - clicking on the Ruler and choose millimeters from the list that appears .
To start with we will make a box on the page .
Select the Rectangle Tool , Cmd+M .
In CS4 it ’s easy to find the center of the page if you have the Smart Guides turned on , Cmd+U .
Find the center and hold down the Option key and click once to get the dialog box .
Hold a sec there .
Type in the measurements of the page , width 210 mm and 297 mm for the height .
But hold again on a second .
Behind both of the measurements type : – 24 pt .
This is a trick everyone should know and use .
In all the Creative Suite you can do a math in any input field .
And you are not bound to the measurements of your document .
Like here we take for instance the width and subtract – 24 pts from 210 mm .
The Width line will read : 210 mm – 24 pt .
The numbers are instantly converted to millimeters .
What we are making here is a 12 pt frame , margin around the page .
We need it on both sides and top and bottom , so we use – 24 points for the subtraction .
Click OK and we have a new rectangular which is 12 points smaller than the page on all sides .
I choose to change the color of the box to light gray , Black 20 % .
In the Transform Panel we can see what the measurements of this rectangular is and we need to use it for a little adjustment .
We planned to use 12 pt leading but it ’s not sure it will fit the box exactly .
You may be used in InDesign to just let the text box go a little bit further or less down so the text fits , but lets make this more precise .
We do it in few steps .
First , convert 12 points to millimeters .
It ’s easy to do with the Rectangular Tool .
Make a rectangular , like you just did to make the big box and type in the width and height : 12 pt .
The result , 4,233 mm shows instantly in the Transform Panel .
Write it down or type somewhere outside of the artboard .
Take the height of the box , 288,533 mm and divide it with 4,244 mm .
This gives us how many lines of text would fit into the box , 68,1628 lines .
Here we have a problem .
There is no way for us to use 68 lines for 6 rows .
It just does n’t fit .
We will have to find the closest number that will divide into six even parts .
In our case that number is 66 — 11 lines for each row .
When we are making grids we always use one less , that is , 66 - 1= 65 .
So 65 is the key number here .
Now , take the height of the box again , 288,533 mm and divide with 65 lines and we have our new leading that we are going to use , 4,439 mm which translates to 12,5829 points .
Keep that number handy .
For those who are use to using points rather than millimeters you can skip all this millimeter stuff .
You can have the measurements in points all the time .
Just type in 210 mm and 297 mm in the measurements when you make the page at first and for the dividing here above you can divide 12 pt into 817,89 pts and then divide 817,89 pts / 65 lines and you ’ll get the same result , 12.58 points leading .
At last we getting closer to even more fun .
Select the gray text box .
Go to : Object > Path > Split Into Grid …
( Notice that because I use this menu selection so frequently I have set a keyboard shortcut for it , Shift + Option + Command + G.
To add it you go to Edit > Keyboard Shortcuts … and add it there . )
This is what appears in the dialog box .
Our box is only one row and one column at the moment and we have under Total the current measurement of the box .
Be sure to check the Preview check box , but leave Add Guides off for the moment .
You might want to move this dialog box a bit to the side to get a better overview of what is going to happen .
Fill in for the Rows Number : 6 and Columns Number : 3 . Instantly the other input fields will be activated .
Notice that both the Gutters have 4,23 mm in them .
This is a preset that we are about to change .
In both those fields type : 4,439 mm or 12,5829 .
Also notice that Illustrator will round type / leading sizes .
4,439 will be rounded to 4,44 and 12,5829 is rounded to 12,58 .
Hit the OK button .
But what about the Add Guides check box ?
We are just about to get there .
First we need to select all the gray boxes and Group them together , Cmd+G .
This side step is just to make it easier later to grab them all together later because the guides we are about to make will be on top of all sides .
Select all the boxes now and be sure nothing else is selected .
Go to Split Into Guides … again and you ’ll see that all the measurements are still there and if we needed to make adjustments the group will take it .
This time check the Add Guides checkbox and click OK .
Next thing to do is to change the size of these guides to fit the page area and then change them into real Illustrator Guides .
Keep the Transform Panel open and make sure the Reference point in the panel is set to center .
Make a New Layer and name it Guides .
Select the guides and move them to that layer .
Using the Direct Selection tool , the white arrow , holding down the Option key , select the vertical guides only by dragging over the top ends of the guides .
We have to do it this way because the guides are grouped together .
When they are selected , type in the Transform Panel the height of the page : 297 mm and the guides will be shortened into the artboard .
Make the guides into Illustrator guides , View > Guides > Make Guides , Cmd+5 .
Do the same with the horizontal guides using 210 mm for the width and turn them also into guides .
When you make your next grid , after this tutorial you might consider if it suits you better to keep the lines in their green color and not to make them into Illustrator guides , but at least you should move them into their own Layer .
Now that we have our guides on one layer and the gray boxes on Layer 1 we can throw away the boxes .
Or , as I prefer , to move the boxes to their own separate layer in case I need to use them for recalculating later .
This is a great time to tell you a little trick that you might not know .
And since we are at it let ’s make two layer because we will need it later .
First , lock the Guides layer .
Then with Option key held down , click the New Layer icon in the Layers Panel .
This forces a dialog box to show up and you can name that layer right away .
Much more convenient than renaming it later on and it ’s a good habit too if you want to keep your work organized .
This shortcut is available in InDesign and Photoshop too .
The second trick is to add the Command key , use Option +
Command at the same time and click the New Layer icon .
This will open up the dialog box and put the new layer below the one who is selected .
Had to tell you .
Make this way two new layers called Boxes and Baseline .
For the moment we ’ll select the gray boxes and move them over to the Boxes layer and click the eye icon to hide the content .
Moving on , we need to make the Baselines for the text .
If you think of a way to make 65 lines evenly distributed you know there are several ways to do this .
You could use the Blend Tool or you could use Object >
Move one line down 4,44 mm and then duplicate sixty something times with the Cmd+D .
The best by far way is however to use Effects > Distort & Transform > Transform …
We ’ll use it here .
If you did n’t know that tool it ’s about time now .
Before we go into that tool , select the Baseline layer .
We have to make one line that sits on the top of the grid and we want it to be drawn into the Baseline layer .
Be sure to have it with colored stroke and no fill .
Red is an ideal color here .
While the new red baseline is selected we go into Effects > Distort & Transform > Transform …
As you see , I have also made myself a keyboard shortcut here , Option + Cmd + U .
When the dialog box opens we can fill in the important numbers .
First we check the Preview checkbox .
Then the number of lines we want to duplicate and finally the direction of the copying and the distance between the lines , vertical - 4,44 which is millimeters or you can type in - 12,58 pt if you rather want to use points .
Either one works fine as you can immediately see .
Click OK .
When you zoom back you ’ll see that only one line is selected .
That is how it works with Effects .
In the Appearance Panel you ’ll see that the line has an fx or Effect to it .
If you need to go back in , click the Transform word in the Appearance Panel .
Do not go again via the menu because you will then apply a new effect on the line .
When you are sure all is right you can select the line again and then go into Object >
Expand Appearance and you ’ll get your 65 lines as normal lines , grouped , and you also have them already on a separate layer for your convenience .
If you managed to get all the way to here : Congratulations .
You have made a grid for Illustrator in a brand new way and most likely learned a few Illustrator tricks along the way .
I hope this gives you a basic understanding of how to calculate the correct leading to fit into grids .
There are of course many more ways to do this but I hope you will like this method .
I am writing more about grids and grid making in Illustrator and will post it soon .
Ca n’t wait myself .
Share this : Pocket
More
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Print
Reddit
Email
Like this : Like Loading ...
Google has plugged a security vulnerability in its Chrome browser that the company considers critical .
The latest Chrome release -- version 2.0.172.33 -- fixes an issue that could let a malicious hacker carry out a buffer overflow attack , Google said Monday in an official blog .
[ Roger Grimes lays bare two of the most vulnerable components of Internet security : software and Web browsers | Learn how to secure your systems with Security Adviser newsletter . ]
If successful , the attack could allow the hacker to crash the browser and run code on a compromised machine with the privileges of the logged - on user .
To exploit the vulnerability , the hacker would have to involve " a specially crafted response from an HTTP server , " according to Google , which did n't go into more specifics in the blog posting .
Google plans to provide more details about the vulnerability once a majority of Chrome users have patched their browsers .
Chrome 's internal security team discovered the flaw .
This latest version also fixes other bugs , including Chrome crashes when loading some HTTPS sites .
It all began 20 years ago today with a frustrated 29 - year - old programmer who had a passion for order .
Tim Berners - Lee , now famous as the founder of the World Wide Web , was working as an obscure consultant at Cern , the European Laboratory for Particle Physics , in the suburbs of Geneva .
Berners - Lee loved the laboratory .
It was full of stimulating projects and creative people , but his work , and the work of his colleagues , was stymied by the lack of institutional knowledge .
So Berners - Lee proposed adding “ hypertext ” to the Cern network , basically embedding software in documents that would point to other related documents .
And thus was born the Web , a global communications network that has shaken up industries , created enormous wealth and transformed the way ordinary people live their lives .
“ When two years is a typical length of stay , information is constantly being lost , ” Berners - Lee wrote in his paper proposing a new system for information management .
“ The technical details of past projects are sometimes lost forever , or only recovered after a detective investigation in an emergency . ”
Today , Cern will celebrate the 20th anniversary of Berners - Lee ’s proposal in its trademark wooden sphere called “ the globe , ” which it touts as a symbol of the Earth ’s future .
In Silicon Valley , where there is less appetite for pomp , the celebration will take the form of hundreds of thousands of workers using the Web to build the future .
En route to Cern , Berners - Lee declined a request for an interview .
What lies ahead ?
“ The only thing that you can predict about the Internet is that there are going to be surprising applications that come along that you did not predict , ” said Len Kleinrock , a professor of computer science at UCLA who developed the mathematical theory of packet switching , the technology that drives the Internet , while he was a graduate student at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in the early 1960s .
Like other fathers of the Internet , Kleinrock was stunned by the power of Berners - Lee ’s idea .
“ This was a fantastic application , ” Kleinrock recalls thinking .
Still , it took a while for the word to spread .
Berners - Lee wrote his software in 1990 and put up the first Web site in 1991 .
“ I was trying to tell people how — explain to people what it was going to do and what it was going to be like and why it was going to be interesting , and they ’d look at me with blank stares , ” Berners - Lee recalled in an interview in 2002 .
Then in January 1993 , Marc Andreessen and Eric Bina , students at the University of Illinois , released the first graphical browser for the Web .
Berners - Lee forwarded a message announcing their software to some news groups , and soon technically inclined people all over the world were downloading the browser .
Craig Partridge , the chief scientist at BBN Technologies , the company that built the Internet in the late 1960s , recalls a colleague giving him his first tour of the Web later in 1993 .
Though there were only 200 Web sites , “ it was clear that this was going to blow away competing information services , ” he recalled .
“ Tim got it right . ”
Right , but not perfect .
All Web pages got names , called uniform resource locators , or URLs .
It was like naming the books in the library by the shelves they were on .
“ You ca n’t move books around ; you ca n’t add new shelves , ” said David Clark , a senior research scientist at MIT who has been leading the development of the Internet since the mid-1970s .
And neither the Internet nor the protocols that Berners - Lee added to it were built with security in mind .
“ We trusted everybody , made it very easy to get access to the network and made it anonymous , ” Kleinrock said .
“ The way we set it up was almost a perfect formula for the dark side . ”
But that wo n’t stop its continued development , including plans to extend the network to outer space .
“ You have to imagine , there is a whole lot more that can be done , ” said David Smith , an analyst with Gartner .
Contact Elise Ackerman at eackerman@mercurynews.com or ( 408 ) 271-3774 .
At around noon Tuesday the Israeli Navy intercepted and took control of a boat that had set sail for the Gaza Strip with three tons of medical supplies , Palestinian sources said , adding that the Navy jammed the boat 's radio signals .
The IDF Spokesperson 's Office confirmed the report .
Israeli military sources said there was no violence after the small ferry , sailing from Cyprus with activists from the US - based Free Gaza Movement , was intercepted off Gaza .
" The vessel , which was sailing under a Greek flag , left Larnaca , Cyprus on Monday en route to Gaza .
After it was made clear that the boat was headed for Gaza 's shore , it was told that Gaza was under a naval blockade .
In light of this and the security hazards in the region , its entrance to Gaza was forbidden , " the army said in a statement .
The army stressed that despite the warnings , the boat continued sailing toward the Strip .
" The Navy vessel 's crew took control of the boat and led it to the Ashdod port , " said the military .
Earlier Tuesday , " Free Gaza " founder Greta Berlin told Ynet that at around 11:00 am six Navy vessels approached the boat and ordered it to stop some 50 kilometers off Gaza 's coastline .
Despite the order , the boat continued to sail towards the Hamas - ruled territory , said Berlin , who is currently in Cyprus .
Berlin said that the communication with the boat had been disrupted from 1:40 - 6:00 am , adding that its GPS and navigation systems had been blocked by the Navy , forcing the crew to navigate with the use of a compass alone .
The boat is also carrying 21 peace activists , including former US Congresswoman Cynthia Ann McKinney ( D - GA ) and Nobel Peace Prize laureate Mairead Maguire .
Activist Luvana Masarwa , a 30 - year - old east Jerusalem resident , said Monday that passengers " are excited about the possibility of contributing to breaking the siege . "
" We want to show the Palestinian people in Gaza that they are not alone , and call on the international community to take a more active role in resolving the situation , " she said .
Reuters contributed to the report
It 's a solar system , but Armageddon Energy 's system is built like something you 'd find at Ikea called a " Snarvik . "
Armageddon Energy has devised a framing system and a lightweight solar panel that , effectively , can go straight from a few cardboard boxes to your roof .
It 's sort of like assembling furniture from Ikea for your living room .
A single solar " clover " from Armageddon consists of a triangular frame , a micro-inverter and three lightweight silicon hexagonal solar panels .
A single can put out 400 watts .
A few Tab As into Slot Bs and it 's complete .
Three of the systems on one roof can provide a house with a kilowatt of power , says Armageddon CEO Mark Goldman .
The clovers still have to be secured to the roof , angled toward the sun and plugged into the electrical system – which works best when handled by professionals – but much of the grunt work associated with conventional solar systems is already done .
As a result of pre-fabbing , the cost of an Armageddon system will be lower , Goldman asserted .
A household system built around its clovers will deliver power for $ 6 a watt when the company starts shipping them in commercial volumes a little over a year from now , he said .
( Beta systems will cost about $ 10 a watt . )
At $ 6 , that 's $ 1 less per watt than conventional household systems today , once it gets into manufacturing .
" The total is six grand [ for a clover ] but the target is less than that , " he said .
Setting up a clover " takes a few minutes , " he added .
The clovers are also lightweight .
A single hexagonal solar panel weighs around 10 to 12 pounds .
A conventional silicon solar panel might weigh 40 pounds .
Lower weight means cheaper shipping , lower carbon taxes ( where applicable ) and a more rapid install .
Solar appliances like Armageddon 's clover constitute a fringe of a sliver of the solar market today , but interest is growing .
Unlike standard solar modules , solar appliances are complete systems and tend to be differentiated by how they are packaged and the functions they perform , rather than any particular nuance in the solar cell itself .
Chromasun , for instance , has devised a rooftop device that creates electricity to PV cells but also provides heat ( via solar thermal collectors ) to compressors in a building 's air conditioner system .
SDFs has an all - in - one solar thermal / PV panel / skylight device .
Ideally , solar appliances will more tightly fit customer needs , reduce resistance to adoption , and cut the costs of installation , while at the same time reducing a manufacturer 's risk to declining module prices .
A BMW , after all , is from a functional standpoint just a car , says Goldman .
" That 's when you put on your marketing hat , " he adds .
And installation costs could stand some trimming .
Installation still accounts for around 30 percent to nearly 50 percent of the cost of a solar system .
Over the past three decades , the vast majority of research in the industry has focused on increasing the efficiency of solar cells and reducing the amount of raw material required for solar cells .
The hexagonal panels weigh less than conventional panels because the cells are encased in a Teflon coating from DuPont rather than glass .
A thin - film coating will likely raise eyebrows among installers and consumers .
Testing is underway .
Goldman projects that the coatings will last for 20 years , but initially it will likely only offer a ten - year warranty .
And what is with the hexagonal shape ?
It is more efficient .
They examined several shapes .
Circles tend to be strong , but contain a lot of wasted space .
Rectangles are , by their nature , off - balance .
Hexagons are inherently strong and efficient .
Hexagonal solar panels means the company can also use triangular racks , and triangles tend to be fairly stable .
One of the company 's investors , ironically , is a great grandson of Buckminster Fuller , who championed hexagons and three - wheeled vehicles .
" ' You do n't have to sell me on hexagons , ' he said , " Goldman recalled .
But Armageddon is n't imminent .
The company , however , only recently completed its first prototypes and is working on a larger beta round of devices for further testing .
The photo gallery below shows , respectively , hexagonal panels going up on a roof , the triangular rack , a single clover and a 1 - kilowatt system .
Join industry leaders and influencers at Greentech Media 's Concentrating Solar Technologies & Markets at Intersolar in Munich , Germany on May 29 .
An Indian term for Auto - Destruct
The premise of this post is , no one can guarantee my life , so why should the State have any right to prevent me from planning my own death ?
Why should auto destruct be considered an offense ?
Why should people that fail in their attempt to self destruct , be put in jail afterward , if they survive ?
If a computer program can be relied upon to decide its own end , why ca n’t an intelligent human be trusted with his own life ?
When I talk of Ichhyamrityu I am NOT discussing Suicide .
Am not suicidal .
Nor a quitter .
And am not depressed although I am definitely disturbed – even unhappy .
In ancient India , sages ( Munis ) , wise men ( Rishis ) , some kings and queens practised and enjoyed the privilege of auto - destruct or Ichhyamrityu .
Ichhya is the Sanskrit word for ‘ wish ’ / ’ choice ’ , Mrityu is the Sanskrit word for ‘ death ’ ‘ end of one life cycle ’ .
Among epic characters , Bhishma had used this privilege .
One can read about him in the Mahabharata .
The idea appeals to me .
The power and privilege to choose when , how , where I breathe my last , gives me a far better sense of control over my present as a whole .
It also enhances my status as an individual in my own mind .
It also implies I leave when I wish to .
I visited Kolkata recently – I noticed the city seems to have slided from being bad to worse in terms of negligence .
Wherever you happen to look you observe an apparent lack of caring or inability to take responsibility for welfare or well being of citizens , travelers , passers - by , dwellers .
Things like roads , buildings , transport look like “ put together ” “ managed ” – as opposed to planned , well thought out , as it should be , in a developing or prosperous urbane space .
I realized that I do not wish to die there .
I realized that I wish to die in a serene and beautiful place – maybe a jungle , or the quiet , lovely , musical , eloquent cleanliness and privacy of my own bedroom in my home somewhere .
( I have n’t been able to create it yet , I live off my suitcases still , being a poor and lonely school teacher fond of travelling , in Gujarat , India ) .
It set me thinking .
I thought about how I want my end to be .
I was sure that I did not want to die SUDDENLY .
Or unexpectedly , leaving behind unfinished work .
I do not wish to die of DIS - EASE .
I do not want to die accidentally or in the hands of a terrorist .
Or a petty thief or a rapist .
Even in the West , people plan their end when they plan their burial – they keep money aside for funeral expenses , choose and reserve a place in the burial grounds , choose and buy stone that would be at their graves , some even write down their own epitaphs – the matter they wish to be carved on their headstone at their grave .
Then there are sophisticated computer programs that are designed to auto - destruct in a state of dysfunction , or when its life cycle comes to an end , or when it thinks it has becomes redundant .
The program is designed to read the situation , interpret data and take the decision to auto - destruct .
It made me think – if a little computer program can be relied upon to handle such a huge responsibility on its own about its own life cycle , should not intelligent , highly capable , healthy humans be also endowed with such control and rights over their own lives ?
We could still not make up our collective minds about Euthanasia or Abortion and I know this would come to the community at this stage as a shock .
I know am way ahead here .
A Mother cannot decide the inheritance or fate of her own child ?
Abort if she feels its bad for it ?
Too bad .
Euthanasia on the other hand , is about a receiving death in an incurable state of pain or agony , implying that if that state of pain was corrected , the person may change his mind about terminating life .
A patient is definitely not in the best position to DECIDE or make a CHOICE .
So the debate here is understandable .
But , a perfectly healthy , normal , happy , intelligent adult is or should have this privilege .
Unstable people , patients , the frail , weak , dependent – animals cannot be expected to do it ( although they do , in fact ) .
All literature dealing with Section 309 , the Law Commission ’s recommendation to scrape it talk about desire to die in terms of respite from duress – physical , mental , emotional , social .
It talks about the criminal aspect of it when considering death caused by a suicide bomber to thousands of innocent unwilling people .
Somebody discusses Santhara in a blog post condemning auto - destruct but also clearly underlining the fact that though the State opposes on grounds that life is resource and hence precious – it has no way of providing for any decent level of security at all really .
Another person points out how it is actually a waste on the State exchequer dealing with it the way it has been traditionally .
What about the more pertinent Rights issues regarding the individual ’s choice ?
If I am slogging for a certain quality of life , I am equally concerned about the quality of my death .
The motive is important here : whether I choose a manner of death for my own well being or with evil intent .
If I am the person that has to take care of my personal well being , I would want to take care of this too , myself .
The State , if it really thinks of me as precious resource , should actually help – ensure that I die as planned and not by accident or through machinations of an evil terrorist or a petty criminal .
As soon as motive becomes an important consideration , it becomes easier to think about issues like “ what do we do with suicide bombers ? ”
They intended to hurt the community .
Well , put them in court and try them for murder .
But the hard working , intelligent , contributing , able adult gets what he deserves – good death .
Jains have a tradition of planning their end , so did ancient Hindus .
Culturally , Ichhyamrityu has always been there here in India , seen as a boon to be granted , as a precious privilege .
Choosing how I wish to die is the flip side of self - preservation I think .
An insurance against accidental death , if it can be made possible to exist as a privilege and right granted to a citizen .
Why do the State Laws make it seem like the citizens are like children ?
That they need to be protected from themselves , be it with Section 377 or 309 ( by now the second one should have been repealed ) .
Are we so bloody miserably poorly evolved that we cannot be more responsible than an otherwise stupid human designed computer program ?
Or have we become less wiser than those old Rishis and Munis of yore with passing time that we cannot handle our own lives or deaths anymore ?
There is a poll here that you could take to indicate your choice or opinion .
Alrighty , kiddos !
Today we ’re making hot sauce .
Yusssss !
I did a bit of research , paired it with existing knowledge , and came up with this little spot of education .
Turns out that making hot sauce is a pretty inexact art , which makes it very easy to customize to your own liking .
Different methods include aging , fermentation , starting with a mash , and then what I picture here , which requires thinking ahead a scant 2 hours instead of 3 years .
With my lacking “ planning ahead ” skills , this is the only method that could possibly prove useful to me .
Also , this makes a very thoughtful but inexpensive gift for most dudes .
Even “ quick method ” hot sauce is versatile .
You can add ground spices , different mixes of peppers , unique vinegars , and create different textures all according to your preference .
I went with a very simple recipe that uses jalapenos , as they are the most readily available hot pepper in my area , roasted garlic because it ’s delicious , and red wine vinegar to give it some personality .
My aim was a sauce with the simplicity , texture and versatility of Tabasco Sauce , but different because why else would you make your own , am I right ?
To begin with , we need to lay down some food safety rules .
This is not the kind of food safety where we worry that we might undercook the egg the 1 time out of 20,000 that it contains salmonella .
No no , we ’re talking the kind of sure fire situation where “ you ’re doing it wrong ” quickly becomes “ fuck , my eyes ! ” so you want to be a little careful .
Here ’s some totally excellent , completely free advice .
Vinyl , unpowdered gloves which can be found by the hundred at your local drug store .
I use these any time I cut a hot pepper ever since that time I had to dunk my nose in yogurt after a mistouch mishap .
They ’re cheap and disposable and well worth the investment .
Without gloves , I find that fieriness has made its way under fingernails , on eyelids , in the corner of my mouth . . . pretty much anywhere I ever get a little itch .
You ’ll find yourself far less likely to itch with the gloves on , and when you ’re done your nail beds wo n’t burn either .
Be sure to be wearing these when you clean the knives and cutting board you use , and clean these well .
End advice .
Now that we have that boring bit out of the way , we roast garlic , which takes about 45 minutes .
I do n’t think I have to tell you that roasted garlic is always better than garlic of any other kind .
It makes your house smell good and your breath smell bad .
Interesting dichotomy , garlic .
Now crank on up to broil and burn up some jalapenos !
Five to ten minutes each side under the broiler should do the trick , but what you ’re really looking for is the skin to blister , turn black , and pull away from the body of the pepper ever - so - slightly .
Roasting the jalapeno brings out a little more flavour in addition to deepening the efficacy of its spiciness , and is worth the effort .
After doing so , don your gloves , peel the skin , remove the seeds , and artfully arrange with the garlic head in a florally - reminiscent display of Springtime enthusiasm .
Okay , you do n’t have to do that really , but it ’s an option .
What you do need to do is chop these veggies up and dump them in a pot with some vinegar .
The story does n’t change much for the next hour , while the mix simmers slowly with the cook ’s eye upon its liquidity .
If it gets too chunky , add more vinegar .
In all , I used 1.5 – 2 cups of vinegar .
And here ’s the result .
Strain as much as you like , if at all .
I strained with cheesecloth in a mesh strainer 3 times for the texture pictured .
And here ’s our final product .
The flavour is mild ( about Tabasco strength ) , but pronounced .
It comes on quickly , then recedes almost immediately , with practically no lingering .
If any hot sauce enthusiasts happen to be reading , feel free to correct my terminology .
Oh , and what good is making your own hot sauce without a little sassy branding ?
Variations
Think of this as more of a method than a recipe .
You can effectively make any variety of amendments to the ingredients , add extra things and substitute others .
This is just a jumping - off point .
Here ’s a sample list of ideas — think hot sauce fusion .
“ Sweet But Not Innocent ” > Habanero , mango , white vinegar
“ Italian Stallion ” > Basil , Italian peppers ( mild ) , cherry peppers , tomato , balsamic vinegar
“ The Asiatic ” > Thai chili peppers , rice vinegar ( mirin ) , dash soy sauce
So tell me , what would your signature hot sauce be ?
Make it interesting .
Give it a cutesy name .
Any neat packaging ideas ?
And if you follow through and make it , let me know , I promise I ’m dying to hear about it .
Aleta ’s Bad Breath Hot Sauce
brought to you by Omnomicon ’s own singular ingenuity
1 head garlic
10 jalapeno peppers
1.5 c red wine vinegar
1/4 tsp sugar
1/8 tsp salt ( two pinches ?
I did two pinches )
Roast the garlic by drizzling with 1 tsp oil , wrap tightly in foil , then bake at 325o for approximately 45 minutes .
If you have a better way to roast garlic , then by all means , do it that way .
Char the jalapenos .
Immediately after removing the garlic from the oven , flip the heat up to broil , then char each side of the jalapenos for 5 - 10 minutes .
See pictures for reference , but the goal is black skin that is wrinkly because it has pulled away from the pepper .
Moving along , peel and de-seed the peppers , being sure to remove the light green veins to which the seeds cling .
This prevents the seeds and veins ’ bitterness from marring your lovely lovely batch .
Pop the roasted garlic from its papery head , using a fork or toothpick , and chop , along with the cleaned peppers .
Dump peppers and garlic into a small pot with vinegar , sugar & salt .
Bring to a boil , reduce heat , and lightly simmer , uncovered & on low , for about an hour .
If the sauce begins to look too chunky , add more vinegar , but note that the more you do this , the more diluted the flavour will be .
If it ’s cooking down too quickly ( like you want to add vinegar after the first 15 minutes ) , try lowering the heat further .
Strain a few times with a cheesecloth - lined mesh strainer into a small bottle .
I used a Johnny Walker sampler for mine , and it looked just darling .
For gift - giving purposes , nip bottles make excellent , cheap packaging , with the added bonus of a shot that first requires your sip .
If strained , this should last a solid 3 months I ’d recommend refrigeration just to be safe .
Makes enough for one household over the course of 3 months , a few ounces or so .
As a frame of reference for larger batches , my 10 jalapenos weighed about 10 oz .
Rollo Carpenter has scooped the prize for two years ' running
Icogno scooped the 2006 Loebner Prize Bronze Medal after judges decided that its AI called Joan was the " most human computer program " .
The competition is based on the Turing test , which suggests computers could be seen as " intelligent " if their chat was indistinguishable from humans .
The gold medal , which goes to an AI that fools the judges , is unclaimed .
The prize is awarded after judges hold a conversation with the AI , asking questions to determine its " humanity " and the quality of its responses .
Joan is a " 26 - year - old budding writer " who exists only on a set of computer servers .
Last year 's Loebner prize went to Icogno's AI called George .
' Big difference '
Joan and George 's creator Rollo Carpenter said : " The big difference overall between the two AIs is that Joan has learnt from the general public and has grown a huge amount in the last year and is keeping ahead of the competition . "
Joan is one of the firm 's so - called Jabberwacky bots , which develop their conversational skills by speaking to the general public online .
The technology has moved on a bit during the course of the year but there 's been no revolution
Rollo Carpenter
English writer Ariadne Tampion worked with Mr Carpenter to help develop Joan 's persona by chatting to the AI online .
Those conversations helped develop the majority of the 16,000 lines that distinguish her from a generic AI .
In all , the bot has more than five million lines of conversation available to it .
" She helped create a much more conversational ability for Joan than George last year .
" It does not mean the AI only ever uses her words .
Any amount of teaching is not quite enough for a realistic conversation . "
He added : " So the AI uses other things said by other people to it that fit the conversational model . "
The underlying technology that powers George and Joan is the same , said Mr Carpenter .
" In terms of her ability to retain her character Joan is more sophisticated than George .
" The technology has moved on a bit during the course of the year but there 's been no revolution . "
George learns how to use words and phrases through online chat
George in action
The technology which powers Joan resides on Windows server machines .
The core of the AI is on a Dual Xeon machine with lots of memory , said Mr Carpenter .
He said there was a very direct relationship between the computing power available and the sophistication of the AI .
' Rate of learning '
" Investment in a lot more equipment could accelerate the rate of learning , " he said .
" If I had Google 's hardware behind it and more hits than Google receives , the AI 's range of utterances could grow by a million every single day . " he added .
Mr Carpenter has said he expects a machine to fool people that they are speaking to a human being and therefore pass the Turing test by 2016 .
Icogno is now working to commercialise the technology of the AI .
" We are working with an organisation that wants web avatars for use in marketing and entertainment purposes .
" Long term we see the use of AIs in call centres , support services and even for sales . "
One day in the future when you pick up the phone to seek help with your broadband connection , the person you are speaking with may be George or Joan , AIs residing on a computer somewhere in the world .
The following is an extract of a conversation between one of the Loebner judges and the AI Joan :
Judge :
But ca n't a machine think ?
Joan :
It may be possible .
Judge : And conscious ?
Joan :
Not after I 'm done with you .
Judge :
What are you going to do to me ?
Joan : Nothing .
I just wanted to talk .
Judge :
What about ?
Joan : Being tested like this .
