Washington , DC — Despite promising a prompt review of its approval for a book claiming the Grand Canyon was created by Noah ’s flood rather than by geologic forces , more than three years later no review has ever been done and the book remains on sale at the park , according to documents released today by Public Employees for Environmental Responsibility ( PEER ) .
“ In order to avoid offending religious fundamentalists , our National Park Service is under orders to suspend its belief in geology , ” stated PEER Executive Director Jeff Ruch .
“ It is disconcerting that the official position of a national park as to the geologic age of the Grand Canyon is ‘ no comment . ’ ”
In a letter released today , PEER urged the new Director of the National Park Service ( NPS ) , Mary Bomar , to end the stalling tactics , remove the book from sale at the park and allow park interpretive rangers to honestly answer questions from the public about the geologic age of the Grand Canyon .
PEER is also asking Director Bomar to approve a pamphlet , suppressed since 2002 by Bush appointees , providing guidance for rangers and other interpretive staff in making distinctions between science and religion when speaking to park visitors about geologic issues .
In August 2003 , Park Superintendent Joe Alston attempted to block the sale at park bookstores of Grand Canyon : A Different View by Tom Vail , a book claiming the Canyon developed on a biblical rather than an evolutionary time scale .
NPS Headquarters , however , intervened and overruled Alston .
To quiet the resulting furor , NPS Chief of Communications David Barna told reporters and members of Congress that there would be a high - level policy review of the issue .
According to a recent NPS response to a Freedom of Information Act request filed by PEER , no such review was ever requested , let alone conducted or completed .
Park officials have defended the decision to approve the sale of Grand Canyon : A Different View , claiming that park bookstores are like libraries , where the broadest range of views are displayed .
In fact , however , both law and park policies make it clear that the park bookstores are more like schoolrooms rather than libraries .
As such , materials are only to reflect the highest quality science and are supposed to closely support approved interpretive themes .
Moreover , unlike a library the approval process is very selective .
Records released to PEER show that during 2003 , Grand Canyon officials rejected 22 books and other products for bookstore placement while approving only one new sale item — the creationist book .
Ironically , in 2005 , two years after the Grand Canyon creationist controversy erupted , NPS approved a new directive on “ Interpretation and Education ( Director ’s Order # 6 ) which reinforces the posture that materials on the “ history of the Earth must be based on the best scientific evidence available , as found in scholarly sources that have stood the test of scientific peer review and criticism [ and ]
Interpretive and educational programs must refrain from appearing to endorse religious beliefs explaining natural processes . ”
“ As one park geologist said , this is equivalent of Yellowstone National Park selling a book entitled Geysers of Old Faithful : Nostrils of Satan , ” Ruch added , pointing to the fact that previous NPS leadership ignored strong protests from both its own scientists and leading geological societies against the agency approval of the creationist book .
“ We sincerely hope that the new Director of the Park Service now has the autonomy to do her job . ”
###
Read the PEER letter to NPS Director Bomar
View the NPS admission that no policy review on the creationist book has occurred
See the 2005 NPS Director ’s Order # 6 on Interpretation
8.4.2 Historical and Scientific Research .
Superintendents , historians , scientists , and interpretive staff are responsible for ensuring that park interpretive and educational programs and media are accurate and reflect current scholarship …
Questions often arise round the presentation of geological , biological , and evolutionary processes .
The interpretive and educational treatment used to explain the natural processes and history of the Earth must be based on the best scientific evidence available , as found in scholarly sources that have stood the test of scientific peer review and criticism .
The facts , theories , and interpretations to be used will reflect the thinking of the scientific community in such fields as biology , geology , physics , astronomy , chemistry , and paleontology .
Interpretive and educational programs must refrain from appearing to endorse religious beliefs explaining natural processes .
Programs , however , may acknowledge or explain other explanations of natural processes and events .
( Emphasis added )
Trace how the creationist book controversy started and grew
Look at tax dollars used to support the Bush administration program of “ Faith - Based Parks ”
by Stewart Rutledge
Your stuff breaks , wears out , loses pieces , or just disappoints you quite often .
What do you do with the pair of glasses you sat on or the electric toothbrush that died a month after its warranty 's up ?
Most likely you throw it away .
Advertisement
Now , you could lie to warranty departments about the way your stuff was damaged .
( " Did I drop my phone ?
Of course not !
Craziest thing ... I opened it and the screen just started dripping water . " ) .
But , barring that method , there is a completely honest way to still get something for your damaged stuff : send it back .
Rather than just sending your broken stuff to a landfill , pack it up and ship it back to the manufacturer with a letter asking for a new one .
You will be amazed by the results .
There are no guarantees with this method , but you definitely wo n't get a replacement if you throw the product away .
This method gets rid of the product just as much as throwing it away does , but it gives a human being at a real company a chance to demonstrate just how much they stand behind their products .
You'd be surprised how many will .
A squeaky wheel gets oiled .
It works , and the trick is all in the letter .
Advertisement
Tailor your letter to the specific company and situation and give them a reason to help you out .
If you want a great primer in persuasive writing , check out Dale Carnegie 's famous How to Win Friends and Influence People .
Despite its now cheesy title , this book has it right .
Write your letter with the company and a human being in mind .
In the end , pure , unadulterated honesty with companies can have a huge effect .
Oftentimes , all you 've got to do is ask .
Say you 've got a broken product that 's out of warranty that just flat out should not have broken .
A great example was a $ 90 invisible fence collar that both of my dogs wear .
These collars are ridiculously expensive for what they are ( about the size of George Costanza 's wallet ) , but , without one , my dog will probably be chewing on the tires of the nearest moving vehicle .
So I bought two collars with the system initially , wincing at the total price , but very happy with the performance .
Eight months down the road , collar one goes out ( six month warranty period ) .
I buy a new one because I 'm willing to pay $ 90 for my dog 's safety .
Three months later , collar two goes out .
Now this is getting old , but I buy yet another collar .
But , this time I do n't just throw away the broken collar .
I take all that frustration with these expensive , apparently disposable collars and put it in a letter .
I take thirty seconds to look up the address of the company on the internet , and I send the collar and the letter back to the company ... total cost : $ 2 .
In the letter , I told the company that if they did n't want to do anything about their poor products to just throw the collar away for me .
I do n't want it back .
Advertisement
One week later I get a response from the company apologizing for the inconvenience .
Enclosed I find a brand new collar , not just like the one I sent in , but an upgraded model which has worked fine ever since .
Rather than just throwing the collar away , I spent ten minutes writing a letter and $ 2 on shipping .
Result : free , upgraded product with the added benefit that I 've vented my frustration and been productive in the meantime .
This is one of the easiest situations I 've faced , but I 've had success with this method even when I was completely at fault .
I had a pair of Ray Ban sunglasses , and I sat on a pair of Ray Ban sunglasses .
Thus , I now had a pair of broken Ray Ban sunglasses .
A friend of mine broke his glasses at the same time , so I asked him if I could have them .
In about ten minutes , I wrote Ray Ban a letter and said little more than , " Ray Ban is great .
I love your glasses .
I sat on these , and I have no excuse .
But , will you please do me a favor and replace these at no cost in return for my loyalty ? "
Two weeks later two brand new pairs of Ray Ban sunglasses arrived in my mailbox with a letter thanking me for my loyalty .
Awesome .
Advertisement
Success with this method is not limited to just these two companies .
Here 's a short list of just a few things that I have sent back and what I 've gotten in return :
Two pair of sat - on Ray Bans sent back ... two brand new pair returned at no cost
One Cole Haan shoe ( I lost the other ) sent back ... a letter offering me another pair of Cole Haan 's at half price in return
One pair of broken Smith sunglasses ( I dropped them ) sent back ... a brand new pair of Smith sunglasses returned at no cost with a thank you note included
Two out - of - warranty dog collars sent back ... two brand new , upgraded collars returned at no cost
Advertisement
In addition to sending back products , with a single letter ( nothing enclosed ) , I have received : a $ 150 credit for American Airlines , a $ 200 refund on a Lufthansa rebooking fee , a free vacuum cleaner , all sorts of upgraded shipping , a free spindle of DVD - rewritables , and $ 650 from a construction company when a rock cracked my windshield .
Remember , these are n't legal battles .
I got all of these with a short , single letter .
Thirty nine cents and ten minutes of my time .
It 's wonderful .
No tricks , no dishonesty , all I did was tell these companies how I felt , and they responded kindly in kind .
Now , I have less broken stuff and lots of replaced and free stuff .
Advertisement
It really is that simple , and , no , it wo n't always work .
But , the saved money and , more importantly , personal satisfaction from just one good success makes it all worth while .
After a good bit of experience using this method , here 's a summary of how I handle my broken , damaged , or lost stuff :
Is it under warranty ?
If so , follow the manufacturer 's warranty protocol .
If not , go on to # 2 .
Is it worth ten minutes of my time ?
If not , throw it away .
If yes , go on to # 3 .
Write an honest letter to the company .
Vent your frustration if appropriate or simply admit fault , but ask for a replacement at no cost .
But , seriously , be honest , even if the damage is all your fault .
Companies ( and people ) are generally so surprised at a plainly stated admission of fault that they will try to help you out of they can .
Pack it up and send it off .
Get on the internet and look up the most important address you can find for the manufacturer .
Avoid sending it back to the warranty houses .
If you can get the CEO 's address , send it directly to him .
The higher the better .
And , if you can't find such an address , add two minutes to your time and email someone for a good address .
Let it go .
It might work ; it might not .
But , you 've given it your best and now you can quit worrying about it .
If your experience is anything like mine , you 'll be getting all sorts of offers and goods in return .
Advertisement
Who knows what you could get ?
At the very least you can get rid of some stuff and give capitalism a shot , and you can get a pretty good education on the true nature of some major companies .
It makes for a good story either way , and , as some very clich man once said , " The only way to ensure failure is to fail to try . "
If you 've got any experiences or thoughts on this completely non-failsafe method , let us hear about them below in the comments section .
Advertisement
Stewart Rutledge is in his final year of law school at the University of Mississippi .
He 's taken classes in intellectual property , cyberlaw , and international intellectual property .
More of Stewart 's articles are available in the Ask the Law Geek archive .
GREAT POWERS cease to be great for many reasons .
In addition to the causes frequently debated -- economics , culture , disease , geography -- there is an overarching trend .
Over the last 500 years , the fate of nations has been increasingly tied to their success , or lack thereof , in harnessing revolutions in military affairs .
These are periods of momentous change when new technologies combine with new doctrines and new forms of organization to transform not only the face of battle but also the nature of the state and of the international system .
Because we are in the middle of the fourth major revolution since 1500 -- the Information Revolution -- it is important to grasp the nature and consequences of these upheavals .
Until the 15th century , the mightiest military forces belonged to the Mongols .
But strong as they were in the days of bows and arrows , the Mongols could not keep pace with the spread of gunpowder weapons and the rise of centralized governments that used them .
They fell behind , and Europe surged to the forefront .
In 1450 , Europeans controlled just 15 % of the world ’s surface .
By 1914 -- following not only the Gunpowder Revolution but also the first Industrial Revolution -- their domain had swollen to an astounding 84 % of the globe .
Not all European states were equal , of course .
Some early leaders in gunpowder technology -- for instance , Spain and Portugal -- were also - rans when industrialization began in the 18th century .
At least Spain and Portugal managed to maintain their independence .
Numerous others -- from Poland to the Italian city - states -- were not so lucky .
They endured prolonged occupation by foreigners more skilled than they were at new forms of warfare .
Advertisement
The big winners of the Gunpowder Revolution ( from roughly 1500 to 1700 ) were the northern European states , from Britain to Russia .
But the Romanovs , Habsburgs and Ottomans did not survive the cataclysmic conflict of the first Industrial Age -- World War I -- and their empires collapsed , even as Germany and Japan were catapulting themselves into the upper rank of nation - states largely through their growing military expertise .
World War II -- the major conflict of the second Industrial Revolution , defined by the internal combustion engine , airplane and radio -- further shook up the international balance of power .
The conventional assumption is that the outcome of World War II was virtually foreordained : The Allies won because they were bigger and richer than the Axis .
There is some truth to this .
But by 1942 , Germany , Italy and Japan controlled most of the natural resources of East Asia and Europe .
This would have allowed them to match the Allies if they had been more adept at marshaling their military and economic power .
The Soviet Union and the United States -- the biggest beneficiaries of the second Industrial Revolution -- did a better job not just in managing wartime production .
They also grabbed the lead in the use of such key weapons as the tank ( the Soviet Union ) and the long - range bomber and aircraft carrier ( the U.S. ) .
There are many reasons why once - dominant powers such as France and Britain had become second - tier ones by 1945 , but central among them was their failure to exploit advances in weaponry during the inter - war years .
The Information Revolution of the late 20th century upset the seemingly stable postwar order .
The Soviet Union had no Silicon Valley and could not compete with the United States in incorporating the computer into its economic or military spheres .
U.S. prowess at waging war in the Information Age was showcased in the 1991 Persian Gulf War , which , along with the collapse of the Soviet empire , left the United States standing alone as a global hegemon .
But if history teaches any lesson , it is that no military lead is ever safe .
Challengers will always find a way to copy or buy the best weapons systems or develop tactics that will offset their effect .
Our most formidable enemies , Al Qaeda and its ilk , have done both .
They are using relatively simple information technology -- the Internet , satellite television , cellphones -- to organize a global insurgency .
By using such weapons as hijacked airliners and bombs detonated by garage - door openers , they are finding cracks in our defenses .
Advertisement
We have an insurmountable advantage in high - end military hardware .
No other state is building nuclear - powered aircraft carriers , stealth fighters or unmanned aerial vehicles .
In fact , we spend more on the development and testing of new weapons -- $ 71 billion this year -- than any other country spends on its entire defense .
But all that spending produces weapons systems that are n’t much good for pacifying Baghdad or Kandahar .
Technology is n’t irrelevant to the global war on terror .
We can use powerful surveillance systems to break up terrorist plots .
And “ smart bombs ” can be invaluable for dealing with the perpetrators .
But our enemies can stymie multibillion - dollar spy platforms by using couriers instead of satellite phones , which helps explain why Osama bin Laden remains on the loose .
New revolutions in military affairs , possibly centered on biotechnology and cyber -war , promise to give smaller states or sub -state actors more destructive capacity .
Imagine the havoc that could be caused by a genetically engineered contagion combining the worst properties of , say , smallpox and the Ebola virus .
Or imagine how much damage our enemies could inflict by using computer viruses -- or directed - energy weapons -- to immobilize critical bits of our civilian or military computer networks .
In theory , it ’s possible to crash stock markets , send airliners plowing into the ground and blind our most advanced weapons systems .
The most threatening weapon of all harks back to an earlier military revolution .
Nuclear bombs have n’t been used since 1945 , but given their proliferation around the world , it will only be a matter of time .
Our scientific sophistication gives us a reasonable chance of shooting down a nuclear - tipped missile , but a nuclear suitcase smuggled into the U.S. would be much harder to detect .
Advertisement
To stop such stealthy threats , we need to get much better at human intelligence , counterinsurgency , information operations and related disciplines .
We need more speakers of Arabic and Pashto , more experts who understand tribal relations in Iraq ’s Anbar province and Pakistan ’s Northwest Frontier province , more diplomats who can win over audiences on Al Jazeera .
And we need to set them loose without having to worry about a burdensome bureaucracy micromanaging their every move .
It may sound melodramatic , but the future of U.S. power rests on our ability to remake a government still structured for Industrial Age warfare to do battle with decentralized adversaries in the Information Age .
After all , are n’t we the mightiest , richest nation in history ?
How could our hegemony possibly be endangered ?
That ’s what previous superpowers thought too .
But their dominance lasted only until they missed a revolutionary turn in military technology and tactics .
2012年01月11 日 07:43 更新
授業の課 題
１年生向けの授業の情報処理Iで , Web 検索の練習の課題に 「 日本のCGプロダクションを３つ探せ」というのを出してみました.
目立った解答をひろってみると , こういう具合になりました .
これらが（彼らの探し方で）検索によく引っかかったということですが , これらより数は少ないものの ,
なども挙っていました .
この他には次のようなものがありました（全部ではありません）.
CG プログラマの居場 所
授業とは全く関係ないのですが , このリストを見ているうちに , 私はふ と 「 CG プログラマ」の居場所って今の日本にどれだけあるんだろうかと考え込んでしまいました.
もちろん製造業やゲームソフトメーカーなど , CG プログラマの技術が活かせるところはムービー制作以外にもたくさんあります .
でも上のリストの中で自社で技術開発やソフトウェア開発を行っているところは , ( CG プロダクションというよりソフトウェアハウスの ) ネメシスさんくらいしか無いようです .
こういった CG ムービー制作の現場では , もう CG プログラマは必要とされていないのでしょうか .
MEL プログラマくらいは需要があるみたいですが…
昔話
日本の商業 CG の黎明期には , JCGL をはじめトーヨーリンクス , SEDIC といった CG プロダクションがありました .
他に CG 専業ではありませんが , 白組 , アニメーションスタッフルーム , そして少し遅れてオムニバスジャパンなども
CG の制作を始めていました（20 年も前の記憶で書いているので , 間違っていたら教えてください） .
しかし , 当時は Maya のような完成したパッケージソフトはほとんどありませんでしたから , どこも CG ムービーの制作と同時に多少なりとも技術開発やソフトウェア開発を行う必要がありました.
中にはトーヨーリンクスのように , LINKS - 1 という ( 大阪大学由来の ) CG 専用コンピュータの開発も行っているところもありました
( ネメシスさんはトーヨーリンクスのスタッフの方が設立された会社のようですね ) .
だから私には , CG の制作現場に CG プログラマがいるのは当然という認識がありました .
ところが , 安価で高性能なワークステーションやパソコンが登場し , その上で動くパッケージソフトが流通するようになると , JCGL やトーヨーリンクスなどの老舗は , 徐々に後発の CG プロダクションにコスト面で対抗するのが難しくなってきました.
そして気がついたときには , どこも同じようなパッケージソフトを使って
CG を作るようになっていました .
こうし て 「 CG プロダクションは技術開発をするもの 」という私の認識は , 時間の流れに押し流されてしまいました .
それでも CG WORLD に掲載されている優れた記事を読んでいると , この技術の発展に情熱を注いでいる方が未だ少なくないことに勇気付けられます.
しかしその一方 , 求人欄 で 「 Maya 使い 」 や「 3ds max 使い 」 しか求められていない状況を見て , 再び現実の厳しさを思い知らされてしまいます .
でもね , CG プロダクションが技術開発を行うことは , 本当に困難なのでしょうか .
確かに Maya のようなソフトウェアを自前で用意することは , コスト的に見合わないとは思います .
でも , どのプロダクションも同じことしかできないなら , どうやって他所と競争していくのでしょうか .
抱えているクリエータの才能でしょうか.
クリエータの才能って企業の「知的財産」にはなりにくいですよね.
企業側もクリエータを , その能力を買い取る形の「契約社員」の立場に据え置いていたりします.
そうすると , 後は結局コスト競争になってしまうのではないでしょうか.
そうしたら , もう先は見えてますよね .
仕事の発注先を , 何も日本国内の CG プロダクションに限る必要はないのですから .
日本の PIXAR はどこ ?
ここまで書いてもう一つ気づいたことがあります. 日本の CG プロダクションのうち , 自分で作品全体のプロデュースを行うところはどのくらいあるのでしょうか.
ジブリや I.G. などは , それらが CG 技術に積極的にコミットしているとしても , ここでい う 「 CG プロダクション 」 に分類されるものではないでしょう.
そうすると CG 制作を看板に掲げている日本の多くのプロダクションは , 結局どこかが発注した CG 制作の下請けに甘んじているところが多いような気がします.
まあ , 海外でも自分でフ ル CG ムービーをプロデュースできる PIXAR は稀な例なのかもしれませんが …
そういえば , かの LINKS - 1 の開発者である大村皓一先生が , ２年くらい前の講演の中で次のようなことをおっしゃっていました.
曰く 「 当時の日本の CG 関係者は , CG の制作だけがしたかったために , 作品全体の制作を手放してしまった」と. 確かに当時の CG プログラマは , アイデアが次々に新しい表現として具体化されていく快感に酔いしれて , それによっていかに人を楽しませるかという意識が希薄だったような気がします.
つい最近も , 高い技術を誇りながら興行的には失敗してしまった国産のフル
CG 映画がありましたが , 今でさえ日本の技術者的 CG 人には ( あえて CG プログラマとは言わない ) , 個別の技術や表現に眩惑されて作品全体を眺めるときに肝心なところに目が届かないという傾向があるような気がします.
当時の日本の CG 人にも , PIXAR を創業した Catmull 氏と同様 「 いつかはフル CG 映画を 」という思いがありました .
しかし , PIXAR が CG 制作を 「 請負仕事 」とすること拒みつづけ , PIXAR 自身を非常に優れたブランドとして確立することに成功したこと
( このあたりの話は大口孝之氏 が 1999 年 2 月〜 6 月に日経 CG に連載された記事に詳細にお書きになられています ) とは対照的に , 日本の多くの CG プロダクションが下請け仕事に甘んじ , その仕事すらも失いつつあるかもしれない現状には , やはり悔しさを感じずにはいられません .
Jobs はどこ ?
でもこれは , CG プロダクション側だけに責任があるとは思いません .
PIXAR ですら , ここまで来る道程は平坦ではありませんでした.
しかし , そこには Disney や Steve Jobs という存在がありました ( これも大口氏の記事参照 ) .
翻って日本の状況はどうだったんでしょう.
そこまでは私は知りません. でも , 当時の CG 雑誌 PIXEL ( 「 図形と画像 」改題 ) の記事の多くは , CG というより CAD / CAM 関連のものでした .
そしてそこから私は , 「 製造」こそ技術開発の努力を傾けるべき対象であるとして , エンターテインメントすなわち「遊び」の素材である
CG について真面目に議論することをはばかる雰囲気を ( わずかながら ) 感じていました .
結局 , 日本の CG に投資しようとは , 当時誰も思わなかったんでしょう .
日本に Steve Jobs は現れませんでした .
ハリウッドというバックグラウンドを持たない日本の映像業界では , きっとそれは正しい選択だったんだと思います. また PIXEL も日経 CG も休刊してしまいました .
あと少しがんばっていれば , 今の CG の大衆化の波に乗れたかもしれないのにと思います .
今 CG WORLD を読んでいると , 「 ああ , PIXEL 編集長だった河内隆幸氏は , 本当はこういう雑誌が作りたかったのかなぁ」なんて思ってしまいます.
自分につい て
なんだか偉そうなことを書いてしまいましたけど , 私自身はこの世界を横目で見ていた通りすがりの人間でしかありません.
実は当時 , これらのほかにもう一つ CG プロダクションがありました .
トーヨーリンクスの親会社だった東洋現像所 ( 現イマジカ ) は , トーヨーリンクスとは別 に 「 アクメシステム 」と呼ばれる CG 部門を持っていたのです .
トーヨーリンクスが並列コンピュータの LINKS - 1 を使ってレンダリングに ( 時間がかかるとされる ) レイトレーシングを使っていた ( SEDIC もスーパーコンピュータの Cray - 1 を使ってレイトレーシングしていたことがあった ) のに対し , アクメシステムで は VAX - 11 上で MOVIE .
BYU をベースとしたシステムを使い , スキャンライン法によってレンダリングしていました .
このメリットは，言うまでもなく「ターンアラウンドの短さ」にあったように思います．
そして私は大学からここに２ヶ月の実務訓練 ( 今で言うインターンシップ ) に行ってました .
実務訓練終了後も , 長期休暇にはここでアルバイトさせてもらっていました.
ここのデザイナの Gil さんという方が描いてくれたこの自画像が着ている上着は , 東洋現像所 ( Far East Laboratory ) のユニフォームです ( 肩口に " FEL " と書いてあります ) .
私の原点はここにあります. 今は OpenGL のページなんかも書いてますけど , 頭の中はいまだにスキャンライン法なんです .
ここで私は尊敬する CG エンジニアや CG プログラマの方々に出会うことができました .
ナブラの小高氏 , ビノアズールの町田氏 , ネログラフィックスの塚田氏 , フジテレビの伊原氏など , 今でも第一線で活躍されておられます .
私は彼らを師として仰いでいました.
その意味でここは , 私にとってもう一つ の 「 学校 」だったのかもしれません.
そういえば CG - ARTS 協会の JCGL 出身のスタッフも , 「JCGL は解散しちゃったけど , 今思えば , あそこは学校だった」とおっしゃっていました.
前出の大口氏も JCGL 出身ですね .
さいごに
ジブリや I.G. などが国際的に高い評価を得るに至った今 , 今更日本の CG プロダクションがあえて PIXAR を目指す理由や動機はもう無いのかもしれません .
そして , それらのほとんどが外国製の CG ソフトで制作している状況では , もう私のような CG プログラマが入り込む余地は無いんでしょう .
しかし , あの頃には確かに PIXAR のようになろうとしていた CG プロダクションが , いくつも存在していました .
そして , そこから巣立った人の多くが今も日本の
CG を支えているとすれば , やはり今の日本に も PIXAR や PDI ( DreamWorks SKG ) のように積極的に技術開発を行う CG プロダクションが成長できる環境が必要なのではないでしょうか .
小高さんのナブラや町田さんのビノアズール , そして安生さんのいるオー・エル・エム デジタルのようなところが , 今後も発展していくことを期待しています.
chapter one Apple Confidential : The Real Story of Apple Computer , Inc. APPLE CONFIDENTIAL
The Real Story of Apple Computer , Inc .
By Owen W. Linzmayer
No Starch Press The
Forgotten Founder
Thanks to a never - ending campaign by Apple 's powerful public relations machine to protect the myths surrounding the company 's origin , almost everyone believes that Apple was started in a garage by " the two Steves , " Stephen Gary Wozniak , 25 , and Steven Paul Jobs , 21 .
Actually , the operation began in a bedroom at 11161 Crist Drive in Los Altos ( the house number changed to 2066 when the land was annexed from the county to the city in late 1983 ) , where Jobs - - after having dropped out of Reed College in Portland , Oregon - - was living with his adoptive parents , Paul R. ( a machinist at Spectra Physics ) and Clara ( a payroll clerk at Varian ) .
That mere semantic distinction can be forgiven .
When the bedroom became too crowded , the operation did indeed move to the garage .
The bigger story here is that the two Steves were n't alone in forming Apple .
Just as Soviet propagandists doctored photos to remove party members who had fallen out of favor , Apple suffers from a convenient case of institutional amnesia by routinely ignoring the fact that when Apple was originally founded as a partnership on April Fools '
Day 1976 , there were three founders :
Woz , Jobs , and a fellow by the name of Ronald Gerald Wayne , 41 .
Jobs was freelancing at Atari in the early 1970s when founder Nolan Kay Bushnell hired Wayne as chief draftsman ( badge # 395 ) for the video game maker .
Despite the difference in their ages , Jobs and Wayne became casual friends and would often have philosophical discussions on the ethics of making money .
Desiring a tie - breaker in any potential conflicts with Woz , Jobs enticed Wayne to become a partner in Apple by offering him 10 percent interest in the company .
" Either I was going to be bankrupt or the richest man in the cemetery , " Wayne recalls thinking .
Since Apple was far from a sure thing , Wayne retained his day job at Atari and worked nights on the original Apple logo and documentation for the Apple I. Meanwhile , Jobs was hustling up customers .
At a Homebrew Computer Club meeting ( the club met monthly at the Stanford Linear Accelerator Center auditorium in Palo Alto ) , Jobs gave a demonstration of the Apple I to Paul Jay Terrell , who operated the Byte Shop - - arguably the first retail computer store chain in the country , which opened its doors on December 8 , 1975 ( Terrell 's birthday ) .
Terrell was intrigued and asked Jobs to keep in touch .
The next day , a barefooted Jobs dropped in on Terrell at his store in Mountain View and exclaimed , " I 'm keeping in touch . "
To Jobs ' utter amazement , Terrell agreed to buy 50 computers for $ 500 each , cash on delivery .
There was only one catch to the $ 25,000 order : Terrell wanted fully assembled computers .
The trio had originally planned to produce bare circuit boards for $ 25 each and sell them for $ 50 to hobbyists who would populate them with the necessary chips and other parts .
They did n't have the money necessary to buy all of the parts required to build 50 complete computers , but Jobs was undaunted .
On April 6 , he obtained a three - month $ 5,000 loan from Elmer and Allen J. Baum ( one of Woz 's coworkers at Hewlett - Packard ) , then convinced suppliers to extend 30 days ' credit on $ 15,000 worth of parts .
The young , ambitious Jobs had no qualms about going into debt to fulfill the Byte Shop order , but the seasoned Wayne was anxious .
He was n't convinced Terrell would pay for the computers , and the partnership agreement meant that he had unlimited personal liability for any debts incurred by Apple .
Just four years prior , Wayne underwent the emotionally painful experience of folding Siand , his own Las Vegas - based engineering firm .
Wayne did n't want to risk another financial failure , so on April 12 - - less than two weeks after Apple 's founding -- he renounced his 10 percent interest for a one - time payment of $ 800 .
" I had already learned what gave me indigestion , " explained Wayne years later .
" If Apple had failed , I would have had bruises on top of bruises .
Steve Jobs was an absolute whirlwind and I had lost the energy you need to ride whirlwinds . "
Freed from the financial liabilities of the partnership agreement , Wayne spent his free time consulting on projects such as designing an enclosure for the Apple I . Meanwhile , Woz and Jobs got part - time assembly help from Bill Fernandez , who had originally introduced Jobs to Woz in 1968 , as well as from Daniel G. Kottke , who had met Jobs at Reed College and had made a spiritual journey to India with him in 1974 .
Everyone worked furiously to build the computers by hand .
Terrell was a bit dismayed when Jobs showed up on the 29th day to deliver a batch of motherboards stuffed with components .
When Terrell asked for " fully assembled " computers , he meant the whole works : a case , power supply , monitor , and keyboard .
Nonetheless , Terrell kept his word and handed over the cash , allowing Apple to pay off its parts suppliers in the nick of time .
Jobs was excited .
Apple had made roughly $ 8,000 profit , and he was planning to expand the business by going farther into debt with parts suppliers to build even more computers .
Jobs ' ambitious plans required more money than the Apple I orders were generating , so in August 1976 , he approached his old Atari boss , Nolan Bushnell , who recommended he meet with Don Valentine of the venture capital firm Sequoia Capital .
At the time , Valentine was n't interested , but he in turn referred Jobs to Armas Clifford " Mike " Markkula Jr. , 34 , who had retired a year prior after making a small fortune on his stock options at chipmakers Fairchild Semiconductor and Intel .
In November 1976 , Markkula came out of retirement to help Jobs devise a business plan .
With the Apple I computer boards being sold through just ten retail stores in the U.S. , Markkula boldly set a goal for sales to grow to $ 500 million in ten years .
Recognizing a chance to hitch a ride on a rocket that was about to take off , Markkula invested $ 92,000 of his own money and secured a $ 250,000 line of credit at Bank of America .
Now properly funded , the three of them filed for incorporation of Apple Computer on January 3 , 1977 .
To avoid any possible legal complications , in March the corporation purchased the partnership for $ 5,308.96 and Wayne was sent a check for a third of that amount to make certain he would have no future claim against the company .
Wayne , who had walked away voluntarily for $ 800 less than a year ago , was thrilled to receive this unexpected windfall .
Reflecting on the situation , Woz understands Wayne 's decision to bail out early .
" Steve had no money .
I had no money , and the creditors were going to wind up coming to him for the money that was going to be owed .
So he decided it was better to get out of it .
At the time it was the right decision . "
To someone who was there to witness the events firsthand , it may have made sense , but in retrospect , it 's hard for an outsider to see Wayne 's decision as anything but a mistake of colossal proportions .
Granted ,
Wayne would surely have had to give up some of his interest in Apple as the firm grew .
If Jobs ' initial 45 percent stake in Apple translated into 7.5 million shares when the company went public in 1980 , it 's reasonable to assume that Wayne 's 10 percent would have equalled more than 1.6 million shares .
Following a two - for - one stock split on May 15 , 1987 , such a holding would have been worth approximately $ 244 million ( not including dividends ) when the stock peaked at $ 73.25 on April 12 , 1991 , and would still be worth over $ 42.5 million at $ 12.75 per share , the lowest price since then .
Does
Wayne ever regret relinquishing his supporting role in one of the greatest American business success stories ever told ?
Amazingly enough , 20 years later
Wayne convincingly stated , " I have never had the slightest pangs of regret , because I made the best decision with the information available to me at the time .
My contribution was not so great that I felt I had been diddled with in any way . "
A person of lesser character might be paralyzed with bitterness and self - doubt after walking away from such fame and fortune , but not Ron Wayne .
He put it behind him and got on with his life .
Although Jobs tried over the years to convince Ron to return to Apple as an employee , Wayne continued working at Atari until 1978 , at which point he took a job at Lawrence Livermore Labs .
In 1980 , Wayne opened a small store on Dempsey Street in Milpitas .
Dealing in stamps , coins , and other collectibles , Wayne 's Philatelics became so successful in just two months that he quit his job at Lawrence Livermore Labs .
Following the collapse of the stamp market and two break - ins , Wayne closed the store in 1982 but continued operating the business out of his home .
After a brief stint working on documentation and drafting for Scientific Technology Systems , in 1985 Wayne took a job working on slot machines at Thor Electronics of California .
The Salinas - based manufacturer has since shifted its focus from slot machines to military electronics , and Ron Wayne continues to work for Thor as chief engineer from his home in Tucson , Arizona .
The Apple Logo
One of Ron Wayne 's first duties after co-founding Apple was to design a logo for the infant company .
The logo he created was a pen-and - ink drawing of Sir Isaac Newton leaning against an apple tree with a portion of a William Wordsworth poem ( Prelude , Book III , Residence of Cambridge ) running around the border : " Newton ... A mind forever voyaging through strange seas of thought ... alone . "
Wayne 's logo was used for a short time , but Jobs eventually came to feel that it was too cerebral and not easily reproduced at small sizes , so in April 1977 , he instructed Rob Janov , an art director at the Regis McKenna public relations agency , to come up with a better logo .
Janov started with a black and white silhouette of an apple , but felt something was missing .
" I wanted to simplify the shape of an apple , and by taking a bite - - a byte , right ?-- out of the side , it prevented the apple from looking like a cherry tomato , " explains Janov .
For a touch of class , Janov added six colorful horizontal stripes that paid tribute to the Apple II 's impressive color capabilities .
Although separating the green , yellow , orange , red , purple , and blue bars with thin black lines would have reduced registration problems during reproduction , Jobs nixed the proposal , resulting in the Apple logo as we know it today , which former president Michael M. Scott calls " the most expensive bloody logo ever designed . "
Copyright © 1999 Owen W. Linzmayer .
All rights reserved .
ISBN : 1-886411-28-X
CONTENTS
The Forgotten Founder ................................................1 What Were They Thinking ?............................................. 9 Broken Breakout Promises ............................................ 17 The Apple III Fiasco ................................................ 21 Code Names Uncovered ................................................ 25 Millionaire Mania ................................................... 37 The Strangest Bedfellow of All ...................................... 45 From Xerox , With Love ............................................... 51 The Making of Macintosh ............................................. 63 Macintosh Insiders .................................................. 81 The Greatest Commercial That Almost Never Aired ..................... 87 The Mac Meets the Press ............................................. 93 Mac Models Timeline ................................................. 99 Why 1985 Was n't Like 1984 .......................................... 105 Big Bad Blunders ................................................... 109 The Remarkable Rise and Fabulous Fall of John Sculley .............. 121 Windows : What Went Wrong ?.......................................... 133 The Fallen Apple ................................................... 143 Jobs After Apple : To NeXT and Beyond ............................... 167 The Star Trek Saga ................................................. 179 From Diesel to Doctor .............................................. 183 The Clone Quandary ................................................. 193 Trademark Tiffs .................................................... 207 The Doctor 's Strong Medicine ....................................... 215 The Copland Crisis ................................................. 225 Happily Ever Apple ?................................................ 237 Bibliography ....................................................... 245 Index .............................................................. 247
This past Saturday , a friend and I hit the Wired NextFest down at Chicago 's Navy Pier .
The event promised visitors that they could " experience the future , " and as a tech writer I could n't pass that opportunity up .
I kind of wish I had , though , because after spending a few hours at the NextFest I 'm sad to report that the future ain't what it used to be .
Maybe I was expecting to relive my first visit to Epcot Center as a child , or maybe I 'm just jaded in my old age .
Whatever the cause , my trip to the future was more educational than inspirational .
Here are ten things I learned about the future at the Wired NextFest , in no particular order .
1 . The people of the future are a scantily clad people .
They delight in showing off their naked , tattooed flesh .
Or , maybe that 's just the people of Chicago 's Navy Pier in the summer .
2 . In the future , the airport security checkpoint will look and function exactly the same way as does now , except that the scanning technology that powers it will be different .
For instance , at the GE - manufactured checkpoint that I saw , the machine supposedly sniffs you for bomb residue .
Interestingly enough , there was a long line of people waiting to go through that checkpoint and be checked for bomb residue , which is something that just baffled me .
I mean , do n't people dread going through the checkpoint at airport security ?
Why voluntarily stand in line in order to pass through an airport security scanner if you do n't have to ?
It 's not like the machine did anything other than flash a little green light saying you were free of bomb residue .
Truly , the long line of people who just could n't wait to go through that security checkpoint was probably the most bizarre thing that I saw at the entire NextFest .
I wonder if it was a kind of programmed reaction like , " oh look , a security checkpoint .
I 'd better get in that line and go through it .
Everybody else is . "
If that 's the way we 've all been conditioned , then I fear for the future of the Republic .
3 . The elderly Japanese people of the future will be so desperately lonely for companionship that they 'll purchase slightly creepy android replicas of the drug - addled but brilliant sci-fi author Phillip K. Dick .
Why the Japanese , and why Phillip K. Dick ?
It 's a long story , and I 'm not sure I fully understood it all when the android 's makers explained it to me .
I think I probably read the wrong books growing up as a kid , or maybe I now watch the wrong TV shows .
I tried to convince the PKD android guys that if they were going to be in the business of making robotic replicas of famous , drugged - out writers , they should also consider offering a Hunter S. Thompson model .
That way , at least the Japanese would have a choice of companions .
I know if I were Japanese , I 'd collect both models and watch them fight over a half gram of mescaline .
On a more serious note , I think the PKD robot would 've been a lot cooler and significantly less creepy if they'd have glued his hair on , instead of leaving the wires in the top of his head exposed .
But hey , PKD was an odd guy , and maybe he would 've wanted it that way .
4 . Speaking of the elderly , the senior citizens of the future wo n't roll around in wheelchairs not even cool robotic wheelchairs like those invented by Dean Kamen .
Instead , they 'll have robotic exoskeletons that will make them much stronger and faster than the non-elderly .
So in addition to being the largest voting block in future elections , they 'll also have superhuman strength and speed .
If I were a politician , I 'd make sure that the elderly of the future get great healthcare coverage , and I would n't even think about doing anything to reduce their social security benefits .
You do not want to incur the wrath of our robotically enhanced , geriatric overlords ( or their Phillip K. Dick android companions ) .
5 . In the future , most robots will look pretty much like the robots of the future have looked since at least the 1970's .
About the only difference is that any antennae attached to a 1970 's future robot were spiral shaped and had a tiny ball on the tip .
The current thinking is that future robots will have straight antennae with no ball , and maybe a plastic coating instead of just bare wire .
6 . Apple 's market share does n't change much in the future .
Out of all the computers I saw at the NextFest , only one was a Mac. Sorry Steve , but the people of the future are still using Windows .
At least you can gloat that they 're all still running Windows 2000 .
From what I saw , Windows XP never really catches on in the future , and Longhorn is nowhere to be seen at all .
I did see a flying car though , and maybe it was running the embedded version of Longhorn .
7 . On the weekends , the people of the future will take to the water in dolphin - shaped craft that do n't look nearly as much fun to drive as a Seadoo of today .
Hey , the future is n't always better than the present .
Sometimes we have to settle for less .
The good news is that the robotic dolphin is too small to accommodate a human who 's equipped with an exoskeleton , which means that if you 're being pursued by a senior citizen then you can use the dolphin to escape .
8. Dolphin watercraft are n't the only form of future transportation that 's a bit cramped .
The electrically powered cars of the future will be quite small .
In fact , when I first laid eyes on the tiny DaimlerChrysler two - seaters that GE was exhibiting , I asked the exhibitor if the cars were perhaps meant to be attached to the sides of a larger SUV , in case you run out of gas .
9 . Future entertainment will follow the trends that were established with the rise of disco .
First , they replaced the live band with a DJ .
Next , they 'll replace the DJ with a large , floor - mounted robotic arm .
Also , the robo - DJs will have numbers instead of names ; I asked the exhibitor lady about this .
Honestly , it 's not even as cool as it sounds .
It 's also not one of those " you had to be there " things , because I was there and , meh .
Vinyl aficionados can rejoice , though , because vinyl records are still around .
10 .
In a future 9/11 - style scenario , where the top of a high - rise building is on fire , a Moller Aircar will rescue the building 's inhabitants one at a time .
At least , that 's how it will be if Moller 's combination CGI and live action promotional video is to be believed .
I guess future high - rises will house only a handful of highly productive office workers , because you can't save that many people in a two - seater aircar .
Or , it may be the case that in the video I saw , only the CEO was saved .
The rest of the employees were either burned alive or , more likely , were safe at their desks in Bangladesh .
What to speak when talks about the benefits of healthy eating and exercise have been pounced about as the advantage is above all boundaries ...
The Early History of Smalltalk
Alan C. Kay
Apple Computer
kay2@apple.com .
Internet #
Permission to copy without fee all or part of this material is
granted provided that the copies are not made or distributed for
direct commercial advantage , the ACM copyright notice and the
title of the publication and its date appear , and notice is given
that copying is by permission of the Association for Computing
Machinery .
To copy otherwise , or to republish , requires a fee
and / or specific permission .
HOPL -II/4/93 /MA , USA
© 1993 ACM 0-89791-571-2/93/0004/0069…$1.50
Abstract
Most ideas come from previous ideas .
The sixties , particularly in the ARPA community , gave rise to a host of notions about “ human - computer symbiosis ” through interactive time - shared computers , graphics screens and pointing devices .
Advanced computer languages were invented to simulate complex systems such as oil refineries and semi-intelligent behavior .
The soon - to - follow paradigm shift of modern personal computing , overlapping window interfaces , and object - oriented design came from seeing the work of the sixties as something more than a “ better old thing . ”
This is , more than a better way : to do mainframe computing ; for end -users to invoke functionality ; to make data structures more abstract .
Instead the promise of exponential growth in computing / $/ volume demanded that the sixties be regarded as “ almost a new thing ” and to find out what the actual “ new things ” might be .
For example , one would computer with a handheld “ Dynabook ” in a way that would not be possible on a shared mainframe ; millions of potential users meant that the user interface would have to become a learning environment along the lines of Montessori and Bruner ; and needs for large scope , reduction in complexity , and end - user literacy would require that data and control structures be done away with in favor of a more biological scheme of protected universal cells interacting only through messages that could mimic any desired behavior .
Early Smalltalk was the first complete realization of these new points of view as parented by its many predecessors in hardware , language and user interface design .
It became the exemplar of the new computing , in part , because we were actually trying for a qualitative shift in belief structures–a new Kuhnian paradigm in the same spirit as the invention of the printing press - and thus took highly extreme positions which almost forced these new styles to be invented .
Table of Contents
Introduction 2 I. 1960 - 66 –Early OOP and other formative ideas of the sixties
B220 File System
SketchPad & Simula 4 II .
1967 -69 –The FLEX Machine , an OOP - based personal computer
Doug Englebart and NLS
Plasma Panel , GRAIL , LOGO , Dynabook 6 III .
1970 - 72 –Xerox PARC
KiddiKomp
miniCOM
Smalltalk -71
Overlapping Windows
Font Editing , Painting , Animation , Music
Byte Codes
Iconic Programming 12 IV .
1972-76 –Xerox PARC : The first real Smalltalk ( - 72 )
The two bets : birth of Smalltalk and Interim Dynabook
Smalltalk - 72 Principles
The Smalltalk User Interface
Development of the Smalltalk Applications & System
Evolution of Smalltalk : ST - 74 , ooze storage management
Smalltalk and Children 17 V. 1976 - 80 –
The first modern Smalltalk ( - 76 )
“ Let ’s burn our disk packs ”
The Notetaker
Smalltalk -76
Inheritance
More Troubles With Xerox
ThingLab
Apple Demo 29 VI .
1980 - 83 –The release version of Smalltalk ( - 80 )
Transformations
Coda 38 References Cited in Text 41 Appendix I : KiddieKomp Memo 45 Appendix II : Smalltalk - 72 Interpreter Design 47 Appendix III : Acknowledgments 50 Appendix IV : Event Driven Loop Example 53 Appendix V : Smalltalk - 76 Internal Structures 54
Introduction
I ’m writing this introduction in an airplane at 35,000 feet .
On my lap is a five pound notebook computer –1992 ’s “ Interim Dynabook ” –by the end of the year it sold for under $ 700 .
It has a flat , crisp , high - resolution bitmap screen , overlapping windows , icons , a pointing device , considerable storage and computing capacity , and its best software is object - oriented .
It has advanced networking built - in and there are already options for wireless networking .
Smalltalk runs on this system , and is one of the main systems I use for my current work with children .
In some ways this is more than a Dynaboo ( quantitatively ) , and some ways not quite there yet ( qualitatively ) .
All in all , pretty much what was in mind during the late sixties .
Smalltalk was part of this larger pursuit of ARPA , and later of Xerox PARC , that I called personal computing .
There were so many people involved in each stage from the research communities that the accurate allocation of credit for ideas in intractably difficult .
Instead , as Bob Barton liked to quote Goethe , we should “ share in the excitement of discover without vain attempts to claim priority . ”
I will try to show where most of the influences came from and how they were transformed in the magnetic field formed by the new personal computing metaphor .
It was the attitudes as well as the great ideas of the pioneers that helped Smalltalk get invented .
Many of the people I admired most at this time–such as Ivan Sutherland , Marvin Minsky , Seymour Papert , Gordon Moore , Bob Barton , Dave Evans , Butler Lampson , Jerome Bruner , and others–seemed to have a splendid sense that their creations , though wonderful by relative standards , were not near to the absolute thresholds that had to be crossed .
Small minds try to form religions , the great ones just want better routes up the mountain .
Where Newton said he saw further by standing on the shoulders of giants , computer scientists all too often stand on each other ’s toes .
Myopia is still a problem where there are giants ’ shoulders to stand on –“ outsight ” is better than insight–but it can be minimized by using glasses whose lenses are highly sensitive to esthetics and criticism .
Programming languages can be categorized in a number of ways : imperative , applicative , logic - based , problem - oriented , etc .
But they all seem to be either an “ agglutination of features ” or a “ crystallization of style . ”
COBOL , PL/1 , Ada , etc. , belong to the first kind ; LISP , APL– and Smalltalk–are the second kind .
It is probably not an accident that the agglutinative languages all seem to have been instigated by committees , and the crystallization languages by a single person .
Smalltalk ’s design–and existence –is due to the insight that everything we can describe can be represented by the recursive composition of a single kind of behavioral building block that hides its combination of state and process inside itself and can be dealt with only through the exchange of messages .
Philosophically , Smalltalk ’s objects have much in common with the monads of Leibniz and the notions of 20th century physics and biology .
Its way of making objects is quite Platonic in that some of them act as idealisations of concepts –Ideas–from which manifestations can be created .
That the Ideas are themselves manifestations ( of the Idea - Idea ) and that the Idea - Idea is a - kind - of Manifestation - Idea–which is a - kind - of itself , so that the system is completely self - describing – would have been appreciated by Plato as an extremely practical joke [ Plato ] .
In computer terms , Smalltalk is a recursion on the notion of computer itself .
Instead of dividing “ computer stuff ” into things each less strong than the whole –like data structures , procedures , and functions which are the usual paraphernalia of programming languages–each Smalltalk object is a recursion on the entire possibilities of the computer .
Thus its semantics are a bit like having thousands and thousands of computer all hooked together by a very fast network .
Questions of concrete representation can thus be postponed almost indefinitely because we are mainly concerned that the computers behave appropriately , and are interested in particular strategies only if the results are off or come back too slowly .
Though it has noble ancestors indeed , Smalltalk ’s contribution is anew design paradigm –which I called object - oriented –for attacking large problems of the professional programmer , and making small ones possible for the novice user .
Object - oriented design is a successful attempt to qualitatively improve the efficiency of modeling the ever more complex dynamic systems and user relationships made possible by the silicon explosion .
“ We would know what they thought
when the did it . ”
– Richard Hamming “ Memory and imagination are but two
words for the same thing . ”
– Thomas Hobbes
In this history I will try to be true to Hamming ’s request as moderated by Hobbes ’ observation .
I have had difficulty in previous attempts to write about Smalltalk because my emotional involvement has always been centered on personal computing as an amplifier for human reach–rather than programming system design–and we have n’t got there yet .
Though I was the instigator and original designer of Smalltalk , it has always belonged more to the people who make it work and got it out the door , especially Dan Ingalls and Adele Goldberg .
Each of the LRGers contributed in deep and remarkable ways to the project , and I wish there was enough space to do them all justice .
But I think all of us would agree that for most of the development of Smalltalk , Dan was the central figure .
Programming is at heart a practical art in which real things are built , and a real implementation thus has to exist .
In fact many if not most languages are in use today not because they have any real merits but because of their existence on one or more machines , their ability to be bootstrapped , etc .
But Dan was far more than a great implementer , he also became more and more of the designer , not just of the language but also of the user interface as Smalltalk moved into the practical world .
Here , I will try to center focus on the events leading up to Smalltalk - 72 and its transition to its modern form as Smalltalk - 76 .
Most of the ideas occurred here , and many of the earliest stages of OOP are poorly documented in references almost impossible to find .
This history is too long , but I was amazed at how many people and systems that had an influence appear only as shadows or not at all .
I am sorry not to be able to say more about Bob Balzer , Bob Barton , Danny Bobrow , Steve Carr , Wes Clark , Barbara Deutsch , Peter Deutsch , Bill Duvall , Bob Flegal , Laura Gould , Bruce Horn , Butler Lampson , Dave Liddle , William Newman , Bill Paxton , Trygve Reenskaug , Dave Robson , Doug Ross , Paul Rovner , Bob Sproull , Dan Swinehart , Bert Sutherland , Bob Taylor , Warren Teitelman , Bonnie Tennenbaum , Chuck Thacker , and John Warnock .
Worse , I have omitted to mention many systems whose design I detested , but that generated considerable useful ideas and attitudes in reaction .
In other words , histories ” should not be believed very seriously but considered as “ FEEBLE GESTURES PFF ” done long after the actors have departed the stage .
Thanks to the numerous reviewers for enduring the many drafts they had to comment on .
Special thanks to Mike Mahoney for helping so gently that I heeded his suggestions and so well that they greatly improved this essay–and to Jean Sammet , an old old friend , who quite literally frightened me into finishing it –I did not want to find out what would happen if I were late .
Sherri McLoughlin and Kim Rose were of great help in getting all the materials together .
I. 1960 - 66 –Early OOP and other formative ideas of the sixties
Though OOP came from many motivations , two were central .
The large scale one was to find a better module scheme for complex systems involving hiding of details , and the small scale one was to find a more flexible version of assignment , and then to try to eliminate it altogether .
As with most new ideas , it originally happened in isolated fits and starts .
New ideas go through stages of acceptance , both from within and without .
From within , the sequence moves from “ barely seeing ” a pattern several times , then noting it but not perceiving its “ cosmic ” significance , then using it operationally in several areas , then comes a “ grand rotation ” in which the pattern becomes the center of a new way of thinking , and finally , it turns into the same kind of inflexible religion that it originally broke away from .
From without , as Schopenhauer noted , the new idea is first denounced as the work of the insane , in a few years it is considered obvious and mundane , and finally the original denouncers will claim to have invented it .
True to the stages , I “ barely saw ” the idea several times ca. 1961 while a programmer in the Air Force .
The first was on the Burroughs 220 in the form of a style for transporting files from one Air Training Command installation to another .
There were no standard operating systems or file formats back then , so some ( t this day unknown ) designer decided to finesse the problem by taking each file and dividing it into three parts .
The third part was all of the actual data records of arbitrary size and format .
The second part contained the B220 procedures that knew how to get at records and fields to copy and update the third part .
And the first part was an array or relative pointers into entry points of the procedures in the second part ( the initial pointers were in a standard order representing standard meanings ) .
Needless to say , this was a great idea , and was used in many subsequent systems until the enforced use of COBOL drove it out of existence .
The second barely - seeing of the idea came just a little later when ATC decided to replace the 220 with a B5000 .
I did n’t have the perspective to really appreciate it at the time , but I did take note of its segmented storage system , its efficiency of HLL compilation and byte - coded execution , its automatic mechanisms for subroutine calling and multiprocess switching , its pure code for sharing , its protected mechanisms , etc .
And , I saw that the access to its Program Reference Table corresponded to the 220 file system scheme of providing a procedural interface to a module .
However , my big hit from this machine at this time was not the OOP idea , but some insights into HLL translation and evaluation .
[ Barton , 1961 ] [ Burroughs , 1961 ]
After the Air Force , I worked my way through the rest of college by programming mostly retrieval systems for large collections of weather data for the National Center for Atmospheric Research .
I got interested in simulation in general –particularly of one machine by another–but aside from doing a one - dimensional version of a bit - field block transfer ( bitblt ) on a CDC 6600 to simulate word sizes of various machines , most of my attention was distracted by school , or I should say the theatre at school .
While in Chippewa Falls helping to debug the 6600 , I read an article by Gordon Moore which predicted that integrated silicon on chips was going to exponentially improve in density and cost over many years [ Moore 65 ] .
At the time in 1965 , standing next to the room - sized freon - cooled 10 MIP 6600 , his astounding predictions had little projection into my horizons .
Sketchpad and Simula Through a series of flukes , I wound up in graduate school at the University of Utah in the Fall of 1966 , “ knowing nothing . ”
That is to say , I had never heard of ARPA or its projects , or that Utah ’s main goal in this community was to solve the “ hidden line ” problem in 3D graphics , until I actually walked into Dave Evans ’ office looking for a job and a desk .
On Dave ’s desk was a foot - high stack of brown covered documents , one of which he handed to me : “ Take this and read it . ”
Every newcomer got one .
The title was “ Sketchpad : A man- machine graphical communication system ” [ Sutherland , 1963 ] .
What it could do was quite remarkable , and completely foreign to any use of a computer I had ever encountered .
The three big ideas that were easiest to grapple with were : it was the invention of modern interactive computer graphics ; things were described by making a “ master drawing ” that could produce “ instance drawings ” ; control and dynamics were supplied by “ constraints , ” also in graphical form , that could be applied to the masters to shape an inter-related parts .
Its data structures were hard to understand –the only vaguely familiar construct was the embedding of pointers to procedures and using a process called reverse indexing to jump through them to routines , like the 22 - file system [ Ross , 1961 ] .
It was the first to have clipping and zooming windows–one “ sketched ” on a vitual sheet about 1/3 mile square !
Head whirling , I found my desk .
ON it was a pile of tapes and listings , and a note : “ This is the Algol for the 1108 .
It does n’t work .
Please make it work . ”
The latest graduate student gets the latest dirty task .
The documentation was incomprehensible .
Supposedly , this was the Case - Western Reserve 1107 Algol–but it had been doctored to make a language called Simula ; the documentation read like Norwegian transliterated into English , which in fact it was .
There were uses of words like activity and process that did n’t seem to coincide with normal English usage .
Finally , another graduate student and I unrolled the program listing 80 feet down the hall and crawled over it yelling discoveries to each other .
The weirdest part was the storage allocator , which did not obey a stack discipline as was usual for Algol .
A few days later , that provided the clue .
What Simula was allocating were structures very much like the instances of Sketchpad .
There wee descriptions that acted like masters and they could create instances , each of which was an independent entity .
What Sketchpad called masters and instances , Simula called activities and processes .
Moreover , Simula was a procedural language for controlling Sketchpad - like objects , thus having considerably more flexibility than constraints ( though at some cost in elegance ) [ Nygaard , 1966 , Nygaard , 1983 ] .
This was the big hit , and I ’ve not been the same since .
I think the reason the hit had such impact was that I had seen the idea enough times in enough different forms that the final recognition was in such general terms to have the quality of an epiphany .
My math major had centered on abstract algebras with their few operations generally applying to many structures .
My biology manor had focused on both cell metabolism and larger scale morphogenesis with its notions of simple mechanisms controlling complex processes and one kind of building block able to differentiate into all needed building blocks .
The 220 file system , the B5000 , Sketchpad , and finally Simula , all used the same idea for different purposes .
Bob Barton , the main designer of the B5000 and a professor at Utah had said in one of his talks a few days earlier :
“ The basic principal of recursive design is to make the parts have the same power as the whole . ”
For the first time I thought of the whole as the entire computer and wondered why anyone would want to divide it up into weaker things called data structures and procedures .
Why not divide it up into little computers , as time sharing was starting to ?
But not in dozens .
Why not thousands of them , each simulating a useful structure ?
I recalled the monads of Leibniz , the “ dividing nature at its joints ” discourse of Plato , and other attempts to parse complexity .
Of course , philosophy is about opinion and engineering is about deeds , with science the happy medium somewhere in between .
It is not too much of an exaggeration to say that most of my ideas from then on took their roots from Simula–but not as an attempt to improve it .
It was the promise of an entirely new way to structure computations that took my fancy .
As it turned out , it would take quite a few years to understand how to use the insights and to devise efficient mechanisms to execute them .
II .
1967 -69 –The FLEX Machine , a first attempt at an OOP - based personal computer
Dave Evans was not a great believer in graduate school as an institution .
As with many of the ARPA “ contracts ” he wanted his students to be doing “ real things ” ; they should move through graduate school as quickly as possible ; and their theses should advance the state of the art .
Dave would often get consulting jobs for his students , and in early 1967 , he introduced me to Ed Cheadle , a friendly hardware genius at a local aerospace company who was working on a “ little machine . ”
It was not the first personal computer –that was the LINC of Wes Clark–but Ed wanted it for noncomputer professionals , in particular , he wanted to program it in a higher level language , like BASIC .
I said ; “ What about JOSS ?
It ’s nicer . ”
He said : “ Sure , whatever you think , ” and that was the start of a very pleasant collaboration we called the FLEX machine .
As we jot deeper into the design , we realized that we wanted to dynamically simulate and extend , neither of which JOSS ( or any existing language that I knew of ) was particularly good at .
The machine was too small for Simula , so that was out .
The beauty of JOSS was the extreme attention of its design to the end - user–in this respect , it has not been surpassed [ Joss 1964 , Joss 1978 ] .
JOSS was too slow for serious computing ( but cf. Lampson 65 ) , did not have real procedures , variable scope , and so forth .
A language that looked a little like JOSS but had considerably more potential power was Wirth ’s EULER [ Wirth 1966 ] .
This was a generalization of Algol along lines first set forth by van Wijngaarden [ van Wijngaarden 1963 ] in which types were discarded , different features consolidated , procedures were made into first class objects , and so forth .
Actually kind of LISPlike , but without the deeper insights of LISP .
But EULER was enough of “ an almost new thing ” to suggest that the same techniques be applied to simply Simula .
The EULER compiler was a part of its formal definition and made a simple conversion into 85000 - like byte - codes .
This was appealing because it s suggested the Ed ’s little machine could run byte - codes emulated in the longish slow microcode that was then possible .
The EULER compiler however , was tortuously rendered in an “ extended precedence ” grammar that actually required concessions in the language syntax ( e.g. “ , ” could only be used in one role because the precedence scheme had no state space ) .
I initially adopted a bottom - up Floyd - Evans parser ( adapted from Jerry Feldman ’s original compiler - compiler [ Feldman 1977 ] ) and later went to various top - down schemes , several of them related to Shorre ’s META II [ Shorre 1963 ] that eventually put the translater in the name space of the language .
The semantics of what was now called the FLEX language needed to be influenced more by Simula than by Algol or EULER .
But it was not completely clear how .
Nor was it clear how the users should interact with the system .
Ed had a display ( for graphing , etc. ) even on his first machine , and the LINC had a “ glass teletype , ” but a Sketchpad - like system seemed far beyond the scope that we could accomplish with the maximum of 16 k 16 - bit words that our cost budget allowed .
Doug Engelbart and NLS
This was in early 1967 , and while we were pondering the FLEX machine , Utah was visited by Doug Engelbart .
A prophet of Biblical dimensions , he was very much one of the fathers of what on the FLEX machine I had started to call “ personal computing . ”
He actually traveled with his own 16 mm projector with a remote control for starting a and stopping it to show what was going on ( people were not used to seeing and following cursors back then ) .
His notion on the ARPA dream was that the destiny of Online Systems ( MLS ) was the “ augmentation of human intellect ” via an interactive vehicle navigating through “ thought vectors in concept space . ”
What his system could do then–even by today ’s standards –was incredible .
Not just hypertext , but graphics , multiple panes , efficient navigation and command input , interactive collaborative work , etc .
An entire conceptual world and world view [ Engelbart 68 ] .
The impact of this vision was to produce in the minds of those who were “ eager to be augmented ” a compelling metaphor of what interactive computing should be like , and I immediately adopted many of the ideas for the FLEX machine .
In the midst of the ARPA context of human - computer symbiosis and in the presence of Ed’s “ little machine ” , Gordon Moore ’s “ Law ” again came to mind , this time with great impact .
For the first time I made the leap of putting the room - sized interactive TX - 2 or even a 10 MIP 6600 on a desk .
I was almost frightened by the implications ; computing as we knew it could n’t survive – the actual meaning of the word changed –it must have been the same kind of disorientation people had after reading Copernicus and first looked up from a different Earth to a different Heaven .
Instead of at most a few thousand institutional mainframes in the world –even today in 1992 it is estimated that there are only 4000 IBM mainframes in the entire world–and at most a few thousand users trained for each application , there would be millions of personal machines and users , mostly outside of direct institutional control .
Where would the applications and training come from ?
Why should we expect an applications programmer to anticipate the specific needs of a particular one of the millions of potential users ?
An extensional system seemed to be called for in which the end - users would do most of the tailoring ( and even some of the direct constructions ) of their tools .
ARPA had already figured this out in the context of their early successes in time - sharing .
Their larger metaphor of human - computer symbiosis helped the community avoid making a religion of their subgoals and kept them focused on the abstract holy grail of “ augmentation . ”
One of the interested features of NLS was that its user interface was a parametric and could be supplied by the end user in the form of a “ grammar of interaction given in their compiler - compiler TreeMeta .
This was similar to William Newman ’s early “ Reaction Handler ” [ Newman 66 ] work in specifying interfaces by having the end - user or developer construct through tablet and stylus an iconic regular expression grammar with action procedures at the states ( NLS allowed embeddings via its context free rules ) .
This was attractive in many ways , particularly William ’s scheme , but to me there was a monstrous bug in this approach .
Namely , these grammars forced the user to be in a system state which required getting out of before any new kind of interaction could be done .
In hierarchical menus or “ screens ” one would have to backtrack to a master state in order to go somewhere else .
What seemed to be required were states in which there was a transition arrow to every other state–not a fruitful concept in formal grammar theory .
In other words , a much “ flatter ” interface seemed called for–but could such a thing be made interesting and rich enough to be useful ?
Again , the scope of the FLEX machine was too small for a miniNLS , and we were forced to find alternate designs that would incorporate some of the power of the new ideas , and in some cases to improve them .
I decided that Sketchpad ’s notion of a general window that viewed a larger virtual world was a better idea than restricted horizontal panes and with Ed came up with a clipping algorithm very similar to that under development at the same time by Sutherland and his students at Harvard for the 3D “ virtual reality ” helment project [ Sutherland 1968 ] .
Object references were handled on the FLEX machine as a generalization of B5000 descriptors .
Instead of a few formats for referencing numbers , arrays , and procedures , a FLEX descriptor contained two pointers : the first to the “ master ” of the object , and the second to the object instances ( later we realized that we should put the master pointer in the instance to save space ) .
A different method was taken for handling generalized assignment .
The B5000 used l-values and r-values [ Strachey * ] which worked for some cases but could n’t handle more complex objects .
For example : a [ 55 ] := 0 if a was a sparse array whose default element was – would still generate an element in the array because := is an “ operator ” and a [ 55 ] is dereferenced into an l-value before anyone gets to see that the r-value is the default element , regardless of whether a is an array or a procedure fronting for an array .
What is needed is something like : a ( 55 := 0 ) , which can look at all relevant operands before any store is made .
In other words , := is not an operator , but a kind of a index that can select a behavior from a complex object .
It took me a remarkably long time to see this , partly I think because one has to invert the traditional notion of operators and functions , etc. , to see that objects need to privately own all of their behaviors : that objects are a kind of mapping whose values are its behaviors .
A book on logic by Carnap [ Ca *] helped by showing that “ intentional ” definitions covered the same territory as the more traditional extensional technique and were often more intuitive and convenient .
As in Simula , a coroutine control structure [ Conway , 1963 ] was used as a way to suspend and resume objects .
Persistent objects like files and documents were treated as suspended processes and were organized according to their Algol - like static variable scopes .
These were shown on the screen and could be opened by pointing at them .
Coroutining was also used as a control structure for looping .
A single operator while was used to test the generators which returned false when unable to furnish a new value .
Booleans were used to link multiple generators .
So a “ for - type ” loop would be written as : while i <= 1 to 30 by 2 ^ j <= 2 to k by 3 do j <-j * i ; where the … to … by … was a kind of coroutine object .
Many of these ideas were reimplemented in a stronger style in Smalltalk later on .
Another control structure of interest in FLEX was a kind of event - driven “ soft interrupt ” called when .
Its boolean expression was compiled into a “ tournement soft ” tree that cached all possible intermediate results .
The relevant variables were threaded through all of the sorting trees in all of the whens so that any change only had to compute through the necessary parts of the booleans .
The efficiency was very high and was similar to the techniques now used for spreadsheets .
This was an embarrassment of riches with difficulties often encountered in event - driven systems .
Namely , it was a complex task to control the context of just when the whens should be sensitive .
Part of the boolean expression had to be used to check the contexts , where I felt that somehow the structure of the program should be able to set and unset the event drivers .
This turned out to beyond the scope of the FLEX system and needed to wait for a better architecture .
Still , quite a few of the original FLEX ideas in their proto - object form did turn out to be small enough to be feasible on the machine .
I was writing the first compiler when something unusual happened : the Utah graduate students got invited to the ARPA contractors meeting held that year at Alta , Utah .
Towards the end of the three days , Bob Taylor , who had succeeded Ivan Sutherland as head of ARPA - IPTO asked the graduate students ( sitting in a ring around the outside of the 20 or so contractors ) if they had any comments .
John Warnock raised his hand and pointed out that since the ARPA grad students would all soon be colleagues ( and since we did all the real work anyway ) , ARPA should have a contractors - type meeting each user for the grad students .
Taylor thought this was a great idea and set it up for the next summer .
Another ski-lodge meeting happened in Park City later that spring .
The general topic was education and it was the first time I heard Marvin Minsky speak .
He put forth a terrific diatribe against traditional education methods , and from him I heard the ideas of Piaget and Papert for the first time .
Marvin ’s talk was about how we think about complex situations and why schools are really bad places to learn these skills .
He did n’t have to make any claims about computer +kids to make his point .
It was clear that education and learning had to be rethought in the light of 20th century cognitive psychology and how good thinkers really think .
Computing enters as a new representation system with new and useful metaphors for dealing with complexity , especially of systems [ Minsky 70 ] .
For the summer 1968 ARPA grad students meeting at Allerton House in Illinois , I boiled all the mechanisms in the FLEX machine down into one 2 ’x3 ′ chart .
This included all the “ object structures . ” the compiler , the byte - code interpreter , i/o handlers , and a simple display editor for text and graphics .
The grad students were a distinguished group that did indeed become colleagues in subsequent years .
My FLEX machine talk was a success , but the big whammy for me came during a tour of U of Illinois whee I saw a 1 ″ square lump of class and neon gas in which individual spots would light up on command–it was the first flat - panel display .
I spent the rest of the conference calculating just when the silicon of the FLEX machine could be put on the back of the display .
According to Gordon Moore ’s “ Law ” , the answer seemed to be sometime in the late seventies or early eighties .
A long time off–it seemed to long to worry much about it then .
But later that year at RAND I saw a truly beautiful system .
This was GRAIL , the graphical followin to JOSS .
The first tablet ( the famous RAND tablet ) was invented by Tom Ellis [ Davvis 1964 ] in order to capture human gestures , and Gave Groner wrote a program to eficiently recognize and respnd to them [ Groner 1966 ] .
Through everything was fastned with bubble gum and the stem crashed often , I have never forgotton my fist interactions with this system .
It was direct manipulation , it was analogical , it was modeless , it was beautiful .
I reallized that the FLEX interface was all wrong , but how could something like GRAIOL be stuffed intosuch a tiny machine since it required all of a stand - alone 360 / 44 to run in ?
A month later , I finally visited Semour Papert , Wally Feurzig , Cynthia Solomon and some of the other original reserachers who had built LOGO and were using it with children in the Lexington schools .
Here were children doing real pogramming with a specially designed language and environment .
As with Simulas leading to OOP , this enoucnter final hit me with what the destiny of personal computing really was going to be .
Not a personal dynamic vehicle , as in Engelbart ’s metaphor opposed to the IBM “ railroads ” , but something much more profound : a personal dynamic medium .
With a vehicle on could wait until high school and give “ drivers ed ” , but if it was a medium , it had to extend into the world of childhood .
Now the collision of the FLEX machine , the flat - screen display , GRAIL , Barton ’s “ communications ” talk , McLuhan , and Papert ’s work with children all came together to form an image of what a personal computer really should be .
I remembered Aldus Manutius who 40 years after the printing press put the book into its modern dimensions by making it fit into saddlebags .
It had to be no larger than a notebook , and needed an interface as friendly as JOSS ’ , GRAIL ’s , and LOGO ’s , but with the reach of Simula and FLEX .
A clear romantic vision has a marvelous ability to focus thought and will .
Now it was easy to know what to do next .
I built a cardboard model of it to see what if would look and feel like , and poured in lead pellets to see how light it would have to be ( less than two pounds ) .
I put a keyboard on it as well as a stylus because , even if handprinting and writing were recognized perfectly ( and there was no reason to expect that it would be ) , there still needed to be a blance between the lowspeed tactile degrees of freedom offered by the stylus and the more limited but faster keyboard .
Since ARPA was starting to experiment with packet radio , I expected that the Dynabook when it arrived a decade or so hence , wouldhave a wireless networking system .
Early next year ( 1969 ) there was a conference on Extensible Languages in which alnost every famous name in the field attended .
The debate was great and wighty –it was a religious war of unimplemented poorly though out ideas .
As Alan Perlis , one of the great men in Computer Science , put it with characteristic wit :
It has been such a long time since aI have seen so many familiar faces shouting among so many familiar ideas .
Discover of something new in programming languages , like any discovery , has somewhat the same sequence of emotions as falling in love .
A sharp eleation followed by euphoria , a feeling of uniuqeness , and ultimately the wandering eye ( the urge to generalize ) [ ACM 69 ] .
But it was all talk–no one had done anything yet .
In the midst of all this , Ned Irons got up and presented IMP , a system that had already been working for several years that was more elegant than most of the nonworking proposals .
The basic idea of IMP was that you coulduse any phrase in the grammar as a procedur heading and write a semantic definition in terms of the language as extended so far [ Irons 1970 ] .
I had already made the first version of the FLEX machine syntax driven , but where the meaning of a phrase was defned in the more usual way as the kind of code that was emitted .
This separated the compiiler - extensor part of the system from the end -user .
In Irons ’ approach , every procedure in the system define dits own syntax in a natural and useful manner .
I cinorporated these ideas into the second verions of the FLEX machine and started to experiment with the idea of a direct interpreter rather than a syntax directed compiler .
Somewhere in all of this , I realized that the bridge to an object - based system could be in terms of each object as a syntax directed interpreter of messages sent to it .
In one fell swoop this would unify object - oriented semantics with the ideal of a completely extensible language .
The mental image was one of separate computers sending requests to other computers that had to be accepted and understood by the receivers beofre anything could happen .
In todya ’s terms every object would be a server offering services whose deployment and discretion depended entirely on the server ’s notion of relationsip with the servee .
As Liebniz said : “ To get everything out of nothing , you only need to find one principle . ”
This was not well thought out enough to do the FLEX machine any good , but formed a good point of departure for my thesis [ Kay 69 ] , which as Ivan Sutherland liked to say was “ anything you can get three people to sign . ”
After three people signed it ( Ivan was one off them ) , I went to the Stanford AI project and spent much more time thinking about notebook KiddyKomputers than AI .
But there were two AI designs that were very intriguing .
The first was Carl Hewitt ’s PLANNER , a programmable logic system that formed the deductive basis of Winograd ’s SHRDLU [ Sussman 69 , Hewitt 69 ]
I designed several languages based on a combination of the pattern matching schemes of FLEX and PLANNER [ Kay 70 ] .
The second design was Pat Winston ’s concept formation system , a scheme for building semantic networks and comparing them to form analogies and learning processes [ Winston 70 ] .
It was kind of “ object - oriented ” .
One of its many good ieas was that the arcs of each net which served as attributes in AOV triples should themsleves be modeled as nets .
Thus , for example a first order arc called LEFT - OF could be asked a higher order questions such as “ What isyour converse ? ” and its net could answer : RIGHT - OF .
This point of view later formed the basis for Minsky ’s frame systems [ Minsky 75 ] .
A few years later I wished I had paid more attention to this idea .
That fall , I heard a wonderful talk by Butler Lampson about CAL - TSS , a capability - based operating system that seemed very “ object - oriented ” [ Lampson 69 ] .
Unfogable pointers ( ala 85000 ) were extended by bit-masks that restriected access to the object ’s internal operations .
This confirmed my “ objects as server ” metaphor .
There was also a very nice approach to exception handling which reminded me of the way failure was often handled in pattern matching systems .
The only problem– which the CAL designers did not wsee as a problam at all –was that only certain ( usually large and slow ) things were “ objects ” .
Fast things and small things , etc. , were n’t .
This needed to be fixed .
The biggest hit for me while at SAIL in late ’ 69 was to really understand LISP .
Of course , every student knew about car , cdr , and cons , but Utah was impoverished in that no one there used LISP and hence , no one had penetrated thye mysteries of eval and apply .
I could hardly believe how beautiful and wonderful the idea of LISP was [ McCarthy 1960 ] .
I say it this way because LISP had not only been around enough to get some honest barnacles , but worse , there wee deep falws in its logical foundations .
By this , I mean that the pure language was supposed to be based on functions , but its most important components — such as lambda expressions quotes , and conds–where not functions at all , and insted ere called special forms .
Landin and others had been able to get quotes and cons in terms of lambda by tricks that were variously clever and useful , but the flaw remained in the jewel .
In the practical language things were better .
There were not just EXPRs ( which evaluated their arguments0 , but FEXPRs ( which did not ) .
My next questions was , why on earth call it a functional language ?
Why not just base everuything on FEXPRs and force evaluation on the receiving side when needed ?
I could never get a good answer , but the question was very helpful when it came time to invent Smalltalk , because this started a line of thought that said “ take the hardest and most profound thing you need to do , make it great , an then build every easier thing out of it ” .
That was the promise of LiSP and the lure of lambda–needed was a better “ hardest and most profound ” thing .
Objects should be it .
III .
1970 - 72 –Xerox PARC : The KiddiKomp , miniCOM , and Smalltalk - 71
In July 1970 , Xerox , at the urgin of its chief scientist Jack Goldman , decdided to set up a long range reserach center in Palo Alo , California .
In September , George Pake , the former chancellor at Washington University where Wes Clark ’s ARPA project was sited , hired Bob Taylor ( who had left the ARPA office and was taling a sabbatical year at Utah ) to start a “ Computer Science Laboratory . ”
Bob visited Palo Alto and we stayed up all night talking about it .
The mansfield Amendment was threatening to blinkdly muzzle the most enlightened ARPA funding in favor of directly military reserach , and this new opportunity looked like a promising alternative .
But work for a company ?
He wanted me to consult and I asked for a direction .
He said : follow your instincts .
I immediately started working up a new versio of the KiddiKimp tha could be made in enough quantity to do experiments leading to the user interface design for the eventual notebook .
Bob Barton liked to say that “ good ideas do n’t often scale . ”
He was certainly right when applied to the FLEX machine .
The B5000 just did n’t directly scale down into a tiny machine .
Only the byte - codes did .
and even these needed modification .
I decided to take another look at Wes Clark ’s LINKX , and was ready to appreciate it much more this time [ Clark 1965 ] .
I still liked pattern - directed approaches and OOP so I came up with a language design called “ Simulation LOGO ” or SLOGO for short *( I had a feeling the first versions migh run nice and slow ) .
This was to be built into a SONY “ tummy trinitron ” and ould use a coarse bit-map display and the FLEX machine rubber tablet as a pointing device .
Another beautiful system that I had come across was Petere Deutsch ’s PDP - 1 LISP ( implemented when he was only 15 ) [ Deutsch 1966 ] .
It used onl 2 K ( 18 - bit words ) of code and could run quite well in a 4 K mahcine ( it was its own operating system and interface ) .
It seemed that even more could be done if the system were byte - coded , run by an architectural that was hoospitable to dynamic systems , and stuck into the ever larger ROMs that were becoming available .
One of the basic insights I had gotten from Seymour was that you did n’t have to do a lot to make a computer an “ object for thought ” for children , but what you did had to be done well and be able to apply deeply .
Right after New Years 1971 , Bob Taylor scored an enourmous coup by attracting most of the struggling Berkeley computer corp to PARC .
This group included Butler Lampson , Check Thacker , Peter Deutsch , Jim Mitchell , Dick Shoup , Willie Sue Haugeland , and Ed Fiala .
Him Mitchell urged the group to hire Ed McCreight from CM and he arrived soon after .
Gar Starkweather was there already , having been thrown out of the Xerox Rochester Labs for wanting to build a laser printer ( which was against the local religion ) .
Not long after , many of Doug Englebart ’s people joined up–part of the reason was that they want to reimplement NLS as a distributed network system , and Doug wanted to stay with time - sharing .
The group included Bill English ( the co-inventor of the mouse ) , Jeff Rulifson , and Bill Paxton .
Almost immediately we got into trouble with Xerox when the group decided that the new lab needed a PDP - 10 for continuity with the ARPA community .
Xerox ( which has bought SDS essentially sight unseend a few years before ) was horrified at the idea of their main compeititor ’s computer being used in the lab .
They balked .
The newly formed PARC group had a metting in which it was decided that it would take about three years to do a good operating system for the XDS SIGMA - 7 but that we could build “ our own PDP - 10 ” in a year .
My reactopn was “ Holy cow ! ”
In fact , they pullit it off with considerable pnache .
MAXC was actually a microcoded emeulation of the PDP - 10 that used for the first time the new integrated chip memeoris ( 1 K bits ! ) instead of core memory .
Having practicalin house experience with both of these new technologies was critical for the more radical systems to come .
One little incident of LISP eauty happened when Allen Newell visited PARC with his theory of hierarchical thinking and was challenged to prove it .
He was given a programming problem to solve while the protocol was collected .
The problem was : given a list of items , produce a list consisteing of all of the odd indexed items followed by all of the even indexed items .
Newel ’s internal programming langage resembple IPL - V in which pointers are manipulated explicitly , and he got into quite a struggle to do the program .
In 2 seconds I wrote down : oddsEvens ( x ) = append ( odds ( x ) , evens ( x ) ) the statement of the problem in Landin ’s LISP syntax–and also the first part of the solution .
Then a few seconds later : where odds ( x ) = if null ( x ) v null ( tl ( x ) ) then x else hd( x ) & odds ( ttl(x ) ) evens ( x ) = if null ( x ) v null ( tl ( x ) ) then nil else odds ( tl( x ) )
This characteristic of writing down many solutions in declarative form and have them also be the programs is part of the appeal and beauty of this kind of language .
Watching a famous guy much smarter than I struggle for more than 30 minutes to not quite solve the problem his way ( there was a bug ) made quite an impression .
It brought home to me once again that “ point of view is worth 80 IQ points . ”
I was n’t smarter but I had a much better internal thinking tool to amplify my abilities .
This incident and others like it made paramount that any tool for children should have great thinking patterns and deep beeauty “ built - in . ”
Right around this time we were involved in another conflict with Xerox management , in particular with Don Pendery the head “ planner ” .
He really did n’t understand what we were talking about and instead was interested in “ trends ” and “ what was the future going to be like ” and how could Xerox “ defend against it . ”
I got so upset I said to him , “ Look .
The best way to predict the future is to invent it .
Do n’t worry about what all those other people might do , this is the century in which almost any clear vision can be made ! ”
He remained unconvinced , and that led to the famous “ Pendery Papers for PARC Planning Purposese , ” a collection of essays on various aspects of the future .
Mine proposed a version of the notebook as a “ Display Transducer . ” and Jim Mitchell ’s was entitled “ NLS on a Minicomputer . ”
Bill English took me under his wing and helped me start my group as I had always been a lone wolf and had no idea how to do it .
One of his suggestions was that I should make a budget .
I ’m afraid that I really did ask Bill , “ What ’s a budget ? ” I remembered at Utag , in pre-Mansfield Amendment days , Dave Evans saying to me as hwent off on a trip to ARPA , “ We ’re almost out of money .
Got to go get some more . ”
That seemed about right to me .
They give you some money .
You spend it to find out what to do next .
You run out .
They give you some more .
And so on .
PARC never quite made it to that idyllic standard , but for the first half decade it came close .
I needed a group because I had finally ralized that I did not have all of the temperaments required to completely finish an idea .
I called it the Learning Research Group ( LRG ) to be as vaue as possible bout our charter .
I only hired people that got stars in their eyes when they heard about the notebook computer idea .
I did n’t like meetings : did n’t believe brainstorming could substitute for cool sustained thought .
When anyone asked me what to do , and I did n’t have a strong idea , I would point at the notebook nodel and say , “ Advance that . ” LRG members developed a very close relationship with each other–as Dan Ingalls was to say later : “ … the rest has enfolded through the love and energy of the whole Learning Research Group . ”
A lot of daytime was spent outside of PARC , playing tennis , bikeriding , drinking beer , eating chinese food , and constantly talking about the Dynabook and its potential to amplify human reach and bring new ways of thinking to a faltering civilization that desperately needed it ( that kind of goal was common in California in the afternath of the sixties ) .
In the summer of ’ 71 I refined the KiddiKomp idea into a tighter design called miniCOM .
It used a bit - slice approach like the NOVA 1200 , had a bit - map display , a pointing device , a choice of “ secondary ” ( really tertiary ) storages , and a language I now called “ Smalltalk ” –as in “ programming should be a matter of … ” and “ children should program in … ” .
The name was also a reaction against the “ IndoEuropean god theory ” where systems were named Zeus , Odin , and Thor , and hardly did anything .
I figured that “ Smalltalk ” was so innocuous a label that if it ever did anything nice people would be pleasantly surprised .
This Smalltalk language ( today labeled - 71 ) was very influenced by FLEX , PLANNER , LOGO , META II , and my own derivatives from them .
It was a kind of parser with object - attachment that executed tokens directly .
( I think the awkward quoting conventions come from META ) .
I was less interested in programs as algebraic patterns than I was in a clear scheme that could handle a variety of styles of programming .
The patterned front - end allowed simple extension , patterns as “ data ” to be retrieved , a simple way to attach behaviors to objects , and a rudimentary but clear expression of its eval in terms that I thought children could understand after a few years experience with simpler programming ..
Program storiage was sorted into a discrimintaion net and evalutaion was strightforward pattern - matching .
Smalltalk - 71 Programs to T ' and ' :y do 'y ' to F ' and ' :y do F to ' factorial ' 0 is 1 to ' factorial ' :n do 'n * factorial n - 1 ' to ' fact ' :n do ' to ' fact ' n do factorial n. ^ fact n' to :e ' is -member - of ' [ ] do F to :e ' is - member - of ' : group do 'if e = firstof group then T else e is - member - of rest of group ' to ' cons ' :x :y is self to ' hd ' ( ' cons ' :a :b ) do ' a ' to ' hd ' ( ' cons ' :a :b ) '< -' :c do 'a <- c' to 'tl ' ( ' cons ' :a :b ) do ' b ' to 'tl ' ( ' cons ' :a :b ) '< -' :c do 'b <- c' to : robot ' pickup ' : block do ' robot clear - top - of block .
robot hand move - to block .
robot hand lift block 50 . to ' height - of ' block do 50 '
As I mentioned previously , it was annoying that the surface beauty of LISP was marred by some of its key parts having to be introduced as “ special forms ” rather than as its supposed universal building block of functions .
The actual beauty of LISP came more from the promise of its metastrcutures than its actual model .
I spent a fair amount of time thinking about how objects could be characterized as universal computers without having to have any exceptions in the central metaphor .
What seemed to be needed was complete control over what was passed in a message send ; in particular when and in what environment did expressions get evaluted ?
An elegant approach was suggested in a CMU thesis of Dave Fisher [ Fisher 70 ] on the syntheses of control structures .
ALGOL60 required a separate link for dynamic subroutine linking and for access to static global state .
Fisher showed ow a generalization of these links could be used to simulate a wide variety of control environments .
One of the ways to solve the “ funarg problem ” of LiSP is to associate the proper global tate link with expressions and functions that are to be evaluted later so that the free variables referenced are the ones that were actually implied by the static form of the language .
The notion of “ ; azy evaluation ” is anticipated here as well .
Nowadays this approach wouldbe called reflective design .
Putting it together with the FLEX models suggested that all that should be required for “ doing LISP right ” or “ doing OOP right ” would be to handle the mechanics of invocations between modules without having to worry about the details of the modules themselves .
The difference between LISP and OOP ( or any other system ) would then be what the modules could dontain .
A universal module ( object ) referrence –ala B5000 and LISP –and a message holding structure –which could be virutal if the senders and receivers were sympatico– that could be used by all would do the job .
If all of the fields of a messenger struccture were enumerated according to this view , we would have : GLOBAL : the environment of the parameter values SENDER : the sender of the message RECEIVER : the receiver of the message REPLY - STYLE : wiat , fork , …? STATUS : progress of the message REPLY : eventual result ( if any ) OPERATION SELECTOR : relative to the receiver # OF PARAMETERS : P1 : …: Pn :
This is a generalization of a stack frame , such as used by the B5000 , and very simiilar to what a good intermodule scheme would require in an opeating system such as CAL - TSS –a lot of state for every transactin , but useful to think about .
Much of the pondering during this state of grace ( before any workable implementation ) had to do with trying to understand what “ beautiful ” ight mean with reference to object - oriented design .
A subjective definition of a beautiful thing is fairly easy but is not of much jelp : we think a thing beautfiul because it evokes certain emotions .
The cliche has it like “ in the eye of the beholder ” so that it is difficult to think of beauty as other than a relation between subject and object in which the predispositions of the subject are all important .
If there are such a thing as universally appealing forms then we can perhaps look to our shared biological heritage for the predispositions .
But , for an object like LiSP , it is almost certan that most of the basis of our judgement is leanred and has much to do with other related areas that we think are beautiful , such as much of mathematics .
One part of theperceived beuty of mathematics has to do with a wondrous snery between parasimony , generality , enlightenment , and finesse .
For example , the Pythagoriean Theorem is expressable in a single line , is true for all of the infinite number of right triangles , is incredibly uiseful in unerstanding many other relationships , and can be shown be a few simple but profound steps .
When we turn to the various languages for specifying computations we find many to be general and a few to be parsimonious .
For example , we can define universal machine languages in just a few instructions that can speicfy anything that can be computed .
But most of these we would not call beautiful , in part because the amount and kiind of code tha has to be written to do anything interesting is so contribed and turgid .
A simple and small system that can do interesing things also needs a “ high slope ” – that is a good match between the degree of interestingness and the level of complexity needed to express it .
A fertialized egg that can transform itself into the myriad of specializations needed to make a complex organism has parsimony , gernerality , enlightenment , and finesse - in short , beauty , and a beauty much more in line with my own esthetics .
I mean by this that Nature is wonderful both at elegance and practicality –the cell membrane is partly there to allow useful evolutionary kludges to do their neccessary work and still be able act as component by presenting a uniform interface to the world .
One of my continual worries at this time was about the size of the bit-map display .
Even if a mixed mode was used ( between fine - grained generated characters and coarse - grained general bit-mao for graphics ) it would be hard to get enough information on the screen .
It occurred to me ( ina shower , my favorite place to think ) that FLEXtype windows on a bit - map displahy could be made to appear as overlapping documents on a desktop .
When an overlapped one was refreshed it would appear to come to the top of the stack .
At the time , this did not appear as the wonderful solujtion to the problem but it did have the effect of magnifying the effective area of the display anormously , so I decided to go with it .
To investigate the use of video as a display medium , Bill english and Butler Lampson specified an experimental character generator ( built by Roger Bates ) for the POLOS ( PARC OnLine Office System ) terminals .
Gary Starkweather had just gotten the first laser printer to work and we ran a coax over to his lab to feed him some text to print .
The “ SLOT machine ” ( Scanning Laser Output Terminal ) was incredible .
The only Xerox copier Gary could get to work on went at 1 page a seocond and could not be slowed down .
So Gary just made the laser run at the rate with a resolution of 500 pixels to the inch !
The character generator ’s font memory turned out to be large enough to simulate a bit -map display f one displayed a fixed “ strike ” and wrote into the font memory .
Ben Laws built a beautiful font editor and he and I spent several months learning about the peculaiarities of the human visual system ( it is decidedly non-linear ) .
I was very interested in high - quality text and graphical presentations because I thought it would be easier to get the Dynabook into schools as a “ trojan horse ” by simply replacing school books rahter than to try to explain to teachers and school boards what was really great about personal computing .
Things were generally going well all over the lab until May of 72 when I tried to get resources to build a few miniCOMs .
A relatively new executive ( “ X ” ) did not want to give them to me .
I wrote a memo explaining why the system was a good idea ( see Appendix II ) , and then had a meeting to discuss it .
“ X ” shot it down completely saying amoung other things that we had used too many green stamps getting Xerox to fund the time - shared MAXC and this use of resources for personal machines would confuse them .
I was chocked .
I crawled away back to the experimental character generator and made a plan to get 4 more made and hooked to NOVAs for the initial kid experiments .
I got Steve Purcell , a summer student from Stanford , to build my design for bit -map painting so the kids could sketch as well as display computer graphics .
John
Shoch built a line drawing and gesture regognition system ( based on Ledeen ’s [ Newman and Sproull 72 ] ) that was integrated with the painting .
Bill Duvall of POLOS built a miniNLS that was quite remarkable in its speed and power .
The first overlapping windows started to appear .
Bob Shur ( with Steve Purcell ’s help ) built a 2 1/2 D animation system .
Along with Ben Laws ’ font editor , we could give quite a smashing demo of what we intended to build for real over the next few years .
I remember giving one of these to a Xerox executive , including doing a protrait of him in the new painting system , and wound it up with a flourish declaring : “ And what ’s really great about this is that it only has a 20 % chance of success .
We ’re taking risk just like you asked us to ! ”
He looked me straigt in the eye and said , “ Boy , that ’s great , but just make sure it works . ”
This was a typical exeuctive notion about risk .
He wanted us to be in the “ 20 % ” one hundred percent of the time .
That summer while licking my wounds and getting the demo simnulations built and going , Butler Lampson , Peter Deutsch , and I worked out a general scheme for emulated HLL machine languages .
I liked the B5000 scheme , but Butler did not want to have to decode bytes , and pointed out that since an 8 - bit byte had 256 total possibilities , what we should do is map different meanings onto different parts of the “ instruction space . ” this would give us a “ poor man ’s Huffman code ” that would be both flexible and simple .
All subsequent emulators at PARC used this general scheme .
I also took another pass at the language for the kids .
Jeff Rulifson was a big fan of Piaget ( and semiotics ) and we had many discussions about the “ stages ” and what iconic thinking might be about .
After reading Piaget and especially Jerome Bruner , I was worried that the directly symbolic approach taken by FLEX , LOGO ( and the current Smalltalk ) would be difficult for the kids to process since evidence existed that the symbolic stage ( or mentality ) was just starting to switch on .
In fact , all of the educators that I admired ( including Montessori , Holt , and Suzuki ) all seemed to call for a more figurative , more iconic approach .
Rduolph Arnheim [ Arnheim 69 ] had written a classic book about visual thinking , and so had the eminent art critic Gomrich [ Gombrich ** ] .
It really seemed that something better needed to be done here .
GRAIL was n’t it , because its use of imagery was to portray and edit flowcharts , which seemed like a great step backwards .
But Rovner ’s AMBIT - G held considerably more promise [ Rovner 68 ] .
It was kind of a visual SNOBOL [ Farber 63 ] and the pattern matching ideas looked like they would work for the more PLANNERlike scheme I was using .
Bill English was still encouraging me to do more reasonable appearing things to get higher credibility , likemakin budgets , writing plans and milestone notes , so I wrote a plan that proposed over the next few years that we would build a real system on the character generators cum NOVAs that would involve OOP , windows , painting , music , animation , and “ iconic programming . ”
The latter was deemed to be hard and would be handled by the usual method for hard problems , namely , give them to grad students .
IV . 1972 -76 –The first real Smalltalk ( - 72 ) , its birth , applications , and improvements
In Sept. within a few weeks of each other , two bets happened that changed most of my plans .
First , Butler and Chuck came over and asked : “ Do you have any money ? ” I said , “ Yes , about $ 230 K for NOVAs and CGs .
Why ? ”
They said , “ How would you like us to build your little machine for you ? ” I said , “ I ’d like it fine .
What is it ? ”
Butler said : “ I want a ‘ $ 500 PDP - 10 ′ , Chuck wants a ’ 10 times faster NOVA ’ , and you want a ‘ kiddicomp ’ .
What do you need on it ? ” I told them most of the results we had gotten from the fonts , painting , resolution , animation , and music studies .
I aksed where this had come from all of a sudden and Butler told me that they wanted to do it anyway , that Executive “ X ” was away for a few months on a “ task force ” so maybe they could “ Sneak it in ” , and that Chuck had a bet with Bill Vitic that he could do a whole machine in just 3 months .
“ Oh , ” I said .
The second bet had even more surprising results .
I had expected that the new Smalltalk would be an iconic language and would take at least two years to invent , but fate intervened .
One day , in a typical PARC hallway bullsession , Ted Kaeh;er , Dan Ingalls , and I were standing around talking about programming languages .
The subject pf power came up and the two of them wondered how large a language one would have to make to get great power .
With as much panache as I could muster , I asserted that you could define the “ most powerful language in the world ” in “ a page of code . ”
They said , “ Put up or shut up . ”
Ted went back to CMU but Can was still around egging me on .
For the next two weeks I got to PARC every morning at four o’clock and worked on the problem until eight , when Dan , joined by Henry Fuchs , John Shoch , and Steve Prcell shoed up to kibbitz the mroning ’s work .
I had orignally made the boast because McCarthy ’s self - describing LISP interpreter was written in itself .
It was about “ a page ” , and as far as power goes , LISP was the whole nine - yards for functional languages .
I was quite sure I could do the same for object - oriented languages plus be able to do a resonable syntax for the code a loa some of the FLEX machine techiques .
It turned out to be more difficult than I had first thought for three reasons .
First , I wanted the program to be more like McCarthy ’s second non-recursive interpreter –the one implemented as a loop that tried to resemble the original 709 implementation of Steve Russell as much as possible .
It was more “ real ” .
Second , the intertwining of the “ parsing ” with message receipt –the evaluation of paremters which was handled separately in LISP –required that my object - oriented interpreter re-enter itself “ sooner ” ( in fact , much sooner ) than LISP required .
And , finally , I was still not clear how send and receive should work with each other .
The first few versions had flaws tha wee soundly criticized by the group .
But by morning 8 or so , a version appeared that seemed to work ( see Appendix III for a sketch of how the interpreter was designed ) .
The major differences from the official Smalltalk - 72 of a little bit later were that in the first version symbols were byte - coded and the reeiving of return of return - values from a send was symmetric–i .e. reciept could be like parameter binding –this was particular useful for the return of multiple values .
for various reasons , this was abandoned in favor of a more expression - oriented functional return style .
Of course , I had gone to considerable pains to avoid doing any “ real work ” for the bet , but I felt I had proved my point .
This had been an interesting holiday from our official “ iconic programming ” pursuits , and I thought that would be the end of it .
Much to my surprise , ionly a few ays later , Dan Ingalls shoed me the scheme working on the NOVA .
He had coded it up ( in BASIC ! ) , added a lot of details , such as a token scanner , a list maker , etc. , and there it was –running .
As he liked to say : “ You just do it and it ’s done . ”
It evaluted 3 = 4 v e r y s l o w l y ( it was “ glacial ” , as Butler liked to say ) but the answer alwas came out 7 .
Well , there was nothing to do but keep going .
Dan loved to bootstrap on a system that “ always ran , ” and over the next ten years he made at least 80 major releases of various flavors of Smalltalk .
In November , I presented these ideas and a demonstration of the interpretation scheme to the MIT AI lab .
This eventuall led to Carl Hewitt ’s more formal “ Actor ” approach [ Hewitt 73 ] .
In the first Actor paper the resemblence to Smalltalk is at its closest .
The paths later diverged , partly because we were much more interested in making things than theorizing , and partly because we had something no one else had : Chuck Thacker ’s Interim Dynabook ( later known as the “ ALTO ” ) .
Just before Check started work on the machine I gave a paper to the National Council of Teachers of English [ Kay 72c ] on the Dynabook and its potential as a learning and thinking amplifier –the paper was an extensive rotogravure of “ 20 things to do with a Dynabook ” [ Kay 72c ] .
By the time I got back from Minnesota , Stewart Brand ’s Rolling Stone article about PARC [ Brand 1972 ] and the surrounding hacker community had hit the stands .
To our enormous surprise it caused a major furor at Xerox headquarters in STamford , Connectitcut .
Though it was a wonderful article that really caught the spirit of the whole culture , Xerox went berserk , forced us to wear badges ( over the years many were printed on t- shirts ) , and severely restricted the kinds of publications that could be made .
This was particular disastrous for LRG , since we were the “ lunatic fringe ” ( so - called by the other computer scientists ) , were planning to go out to the schools , and needed to share our ideas ( and programs ) with our colleagues such as Seymour Papert and Don Norman .
Executive “ X ” apparently heard some harsh words at Stamford about us , because when he returned around Christmas and found out about the interim Dynabook , he got even more angry and tried to kill it .
Butler wound up writing a masterful defence of the machine to hold him off , and he went back to his “ task force . ”
Check had started his “ bet ” on November 22 , 1972 .
He and two tecnicians did all of the machine except for the disk interface which was done by Ed McCreight .
It had a ~ 500,000 pixel ( 606×808 ) bitmap display , its microcode instruction rate was about 6 MIPS , it had a grand total of 128k , and the entire machine ( exclusive of the memory ) ws rendered in 160 MSI chips distributed on two cards .
It ws eautiful [ Thacker 1972 , 1986 ] .
One of the wonderful features of the machine was “ zero - over - head ” tasking .
It had 16 program counters , one for each task .
Condition falgs were tied to interesting events ( such as “ horizontal retrace pulse ” , and “ disk sector pulse ” , etc. ) .
Lookaside logic scanned the flags while the current instruction was executing and picked the highes prioritity program counter to fetch from next .
The machine never had to wait , and the reuslt was that most hardware functions ( particularly those that involved i/o ( like feeding the display and handling the disk ) could be replaced by microcode .
Even the refresh of the MOS dynamic RAM was done by a task .
In other words , this was a coroutine architecture .
Check claimed that he got the idea from a lecture I had given on coroutines a few months before , but I remembered that Wes Clark ’s TX - 2 ( the Sketchpad machine ) had used the idea first , and I probably mentioned that in the talk .
In early April , just a little over three months fromthe start , the first Interim Dynabook , known as ‘ Bilbo , ’ greeted the world and we had the first bit -map picture on the screen within minutes ; the Muppets ’ Cookie Monster that I had sketched on our painting system .
Soon Dan had bootstrapped Smalltalk across , and for many months it was the sole software sytem to run on the Interim dynabook .
Appendix I has an “ acknowledgements ” dodcument I wrote from this time that is interesting it its allocation of credits and the various priorities associated with them .
My $ 230 K was enough to get 15 of the original projected 30 machines ( over the years some 2000 Interim Dynabooks were actually built .
True to Schopenhauer ’s observation , Executive “ X ” now decided that the Interim Dynabook was a good idea and he wanted all but two for his lab ( I was in the other lab ) .
I had to go to considerable lengths to get our machines back , but finally succeeded .
Everything is an object Objects communicate by sending and receiving messages ( in terms of objects )
Objects have their own memory ( in terms of objects )
Every object is an instance of a class ( which must be an object )
The class holds the shared behavior for its instances ( in the form of objects in a pogram list
To eval a program list , control is passed to the first object and the remainder is treated as its message
By this time most of Smalltalk ’s schemes had been sorted out into six main ideas that were in accord with the initial premises in designing the interpreter .
The ist three principales are what objects “ are about ” –how they are seen and used from “ the outside . ”
Thse did not require any modification over the years .
The last three –objects from the inside–were tinkered with in every version of Smalltalk ( and in subsequent OOP designs ) .
In this scheme ( 1 & 4 ) imply that classes are objects and that they must be instances of themself .
( 6 ) implies a LiSPlike universal syntax , but with the reeiving object as the first item followed by the message .
Thus c i <- de ( with subscripting rendered as “ o ” and multiplication as “ * ” ) means : receiver message c o i <- d*e
The c is bound to the receiving object , and all of o i <- d*e is the message to it .
The message is made up of literal token “. ” , an expression to be evaluated in the sender ’s context ( in this case i ) , another literal token <- , followed by an expression to be evaluated in the sender ’s context ( d*e ) .
Since “ LISP ” paris are made from 2 element objets they can be indexed more simply : c hd , c tl , and c hd <- foo , etc . “ Simple ” expressions like a+b and 3+4 seemed more troublesome at first .
Did it really make sense to think of them as : receiver message a + b 3 + 4
It seemed silly if only integers were considered , but there are many other metaphoric readings of “ + ” , such as : “ kitty ” + “ kat ” => “ kittykat ” [ 3 4 5 6 7 8 ] + 4 => [ 7 8 9 10 11 12 ]
This led to a style of finding generic behaviors for message symbols .
“ Polymorphism ” is the official term ( I believe derived from Strachey ) , but it is not really apt as its original meaning applied only to functions that could take more than one type of argument .
An example class of objects in Smalltalk - 72 , such as a model of CONS pairs , would look like :
Since control is passed to the class before any of the rest of the message is considered –the class can decide not to receive at its discretion –complete protection is retained .
Smalltalk - 72 objects are “ shiny ” and impervious to attack .
Part of the environment is the binding of the SENDER in the “ messenger object ” ( a generalized activation record ) which allows the receiver to determine differential provileges ( see Appendix II for more details ) .
This looked ahead to the eventualuse of Smalltalk as a network OS ( See [ Goldstein & Bobrow 1980 ] ) , and I do n’t recall it being used very much in Smalltalk - 72 .
One of the styles retained from Smalltalk - 71 was the comingling of function and class ideas .
In other works , Smalltalk - 72 classes looked like and could be used as functions , but it was easy to produce an instance ( a kind of closure ) by using the object ISNEW .
Thus factorial could be written “ extensionally ” as : to fact n ( ^if :n=0 then 1 else n*fact n - 1 ) or “ intensionally , ” as part of class integer : (… o! * ( ^:n=1 ) * ( 1 ) ( n - 1 ) ! )
Of course , the whole idea of Smalltalk ( and OOP in general ) is to define everything intensionally .
And this was the direction of movement as we learned how to progam in the new style .
I never liked this syntax ( too many parentheses and nestings ) and wanted something flatter and more grammar - like as in Smalltalk - 71 .
To the right is an example syntax from the notes of a talk I gave around then .
We will see something more like this a few years later in Dan ’s design for Smalltalk - 76 .
I think something simlar happened with LISP – that the “ reality ” of the straightforward and practical syntax you could program in prevailed against the flights of fancy that never quite got built .
Development of the Smalltalk - 72 System and Applications Proposed Smalltalk - 72 Syntax
Pair :h :t hd <- :h hd = h tl <- :t tl = t is Pair = true print = '( print .
SELF mprint .
mprint = h print .
if t is Nil then ') print else if t isPair then t mprint else '* print .
t print . ') print length = 1 + if t is List then t length else 0
The advent of a real Smalltalk on a real machine started off an explosion of parallel paths that are too difficult to intertwine in strict historical order .
Let me first present the genera development of the Smalltalk - 72 system up to the transistion to Smalltalk - 76 , and then follow that with the several years of work with children that were the primary mnotivation for the prroject .
The Smalltalk - 72 interpreter on the Interim Dynabook was not exactly a zippy ( “ majestic ” was Butler ’s pronouncement ) , but was easy to change and quite fast enough for many real - time interactive systems to be built in it .
Overlapping windows were the first project tackled ( With Diana Merry ) after writing the code to read the keyboard and create a string of text .
Diana built an early version of a bit field block transfer ( bitblt ) for displaying variable pitch fonts and generally writing on the display .
The first window versions were done as real 2 1/2 D draggable objects that were just a little too slow to be useful .
We decided to wait until Steve Purcell got his animation system going to do it right , and opted for the style that is still in use today , which is more like a “ 2 1/4 D ” .
Windows were perhaps the most redesigned and reimolemented class in Smalltalk because we did n’t quite have enough compute power to just do the continual viewing to “ world coordinates ” and refereshgin that my former Utag colleagues were starting to experiment with on the flight simulator projects at Evans & Sutherland .
This is a simple powerful model but it is difficult to do in real - time even in 2 1/2D .
The first practical windows in Smalltalk used the GRAIL conventions of sensitive corners for moving , resizing , cloning , and closing .
Window scheduling used a simple “ loopless ” control scheme that threaded all of the windows together .
One of the next classes to be implemented on the Interim Dynabook ( after the basics of numbers , strings , etc. ) was an object - oriented version of the LOGO turtle implemented by Ted .
This could make many turtle instances that were used both for drawing and as a kind of value for graphics transformations .
Dan created a class of “ commander ” turtles that could control a troop of turtles .
Soon the tutles were made so they could be clipped by the windows .
John Shoch built a mouse - driven structured editor for Smalltalk code .
Larry Tesler ( then working for POLOS ) did not like the modiness and general appraoch of NLS , and he wanted both show the former NLSers an alternative and to conduct some user studies ( almost unherard of in those days ) about editing .
This led to his programming miniMOUSE in Smalltalk , the first real WYSIWYG galley editor at PARC .
It was modeless ( almost ) and fun to use , not just for us but for the many people he tested it on ( I ran the camera for the movies we took and remember their delight and enjoyment ) .
miniMOUSE quickly became an alternate editor for Smalltalk code and some of the best demos we ever gave used it .
One of the “ small program ” projects I tried on an adult class in the Spring of ’ 74 was a one - page paragraph editor .
It turned out to be too complicated , but the example I did to show them was completely modeless ( it was in the air ) and became the basis for much of the Smalltalk text work over the next few years .
Most of the improvements were mde by Dan and Diana Merry .
Of course , objects mean multi-media documents , you almost get them for free .
Early on we realised that in such a document , each component object should handle its own editing chores .
Steve Weyer built some of the earliest multi-media documents , whose range was greatly and variously expanded over the years by Bob Flegal , Diana Merry , Larry Tesler , Tim Mott , and Trygve Reenskaug .
Steve Weyer and I devised Findit , a “ retrival by example ” interface that used the analogy of classes to their instances to form retrieval requests .
This was used for many years by the PARC library to control ciruculation .
The sampling synthese music I had developed on the NOVA col generate 3 high - quality real - time voices .
Bob Shur and Chuck Thacker transfered the scheme to the Interim Dynabook and achieved 12 voices in real - time .
The 256 bit generalized input that we had specified for low speed devices ( used for the mouse and keyboard ) made it easy to connect 154 more to wire up two organ keyboards and a pedal .
Effects such as portamento and decay were programmed .
Ted Kaehler wrote TWANG , a music capture and editing system , using a tablature notation that we devised to make music clear to children [ Kay 1977a ] .
One of the things that was hard to do with sampling was the voltage controlled operator ( VCO ) effects that were popular on the “ Well Tempered Synthesizer . ”
A symmer later , Steve Saunders , another of our bright summer students , was challenged to find a way to accomplish John Chowning ’s very non-real - time FM synthesis in real - time on the ID .
He had to find a completely different way to think of it than “ FM ” , and succeeded brilliantly with 8 real - time voices that were integrated into TWANG [ Saunders * ] .
Chris Jeffers ( who was a musician and educator , not a computer scientist ) knocked us out with OPUS , the first real - time score capturing system .
Unlike most systems today it did not require metronomic playing but instead took a first pass lookng for string and weak beats ( the phrasing ) to establish a local model of the likely temp fluctuations and then used curve fitting and extrapolation to make judgements about just where in the measure , and for what time value , a given note had been struck .
The animmations on the NOVA ran 3 - 5 objects at about 2 - 3 frames per second .
Fast enough for the phi phenomenon to work ( if double buffering was used ) , but we wanted “ Disney rates ” of 10 - 15 frames a second for 10 or more large objects and many more smaller ones .
This task was put into the engenious hands of Steve Purcell .
By the fall of ’73 he could demo 80 ping - pong balls and 10 flying horses running at 10 frames per second in 2 1/2D .
His next task was to make the demo into a general systems facility from which we could construct animation systems .
His CHAOS system started working in May ’ 74 , just in time for summer visitors Ron Baecker , Tom Horseeley , and professional animator Eric Martin to visit and build SHAZAM a marvelously capable and simple animation system based on Ron ’s GENESYS thesis project on the TX - 2 in the late sixties [ Baecker 69 ] .
The main thesis project during this time was DAve Smith ’s PYGMALION [ Smith 75 ] , an essay into iconic programming ( no , we had n’t quite forgotton ) .
One progammed by showing the system how hanges should be made , much as one would illustrate on a balackboard with another programmer .
This programm became the starting place from which many subsequent programming by example ” systems took off .
I should say something about the size of these programs .
PYGMALION was the largest program ever written in Smalltalk - 72 .
It was about 20 pages of code–all that would fit in the interim dynabook ALTO–and is given in full in Smith s thesis .
All of the other applications were smaller .
For example , the SHAZAM animation system was written and revised several times in the summer of 1974 , and finally woulnd up as a 5 - 6 page application which included its icon-controlled multiwindowed user interface .
Given its roots in simulation languages , it was easy to write in a few pages Simpula , a simple version of the SiMULA sequencing set approach to scheduling .
By this time we had decided that coroutines could be more cleanly be rendered by scheduling individual methods as separate simulation phases .
The generic SIMULA example was a job shop .
This could be genearlized into many useful forms such as a hospital with departments of resources serving patients ( see to the right ) .
The children did not care for hosipitals but saw th they could model amusement parks , like Disneyland , their schools , the stores they and their parents shopped in , and so forth .
Later this model formed the basis of the Smalltalk Sim - Kit , a high - level end - user programming enviornment ( described ahead ) .
Many nice “ computer sciency ” constructs were easy to make in Smalltalk - 72 .
For example , one of the controversies of the day was whether to have gotos or not ( we did n’t ) , and if not , how could certain very useful control strcutres–such as multiple exits from a loop–be specified ?
Chuck Zahn at ( until Return or Delete do ( ' character <- display <- keyboard .
character = ret > ( Return ) character = del > ( Delete ) ) then case Return : ( ' deal with this normal exit ' )
Delete : ( ' handle the abnormal exit ' ) )
SLAC proposed an event - driven case structure in which a set of events could be defined so that when an event is encountered , the loop will be exited and the event will select a statement in a cas block [ Zahn 1974 , Knuth 1974 ] .
Suppose we want to write a simple loop that reads characters from the keyboard and outputs them to a display .
We want it to exit normally when the < return > key is struck and with an error if the < delete > key is hit .
Appendix IV shows how John Shoch defined this control structure .
The Evolution of Smalltalk - 72 Smalltalk - 74 ( sometimes known as FastTalk ) was a version of Smalltalk - 72 incorporating major improvements which included providing a real “ messenger ” object , message dictionaries for classes ( a step towards real class objects ) , Diana Merry ’s bitblt ( the now famous 2D graphics operator for bitmap graphics ) redesigned by Dan and implmented in microcode , and a better , more general window interface .
Dave Robson while a student at UC Irvine ha dheard of our project and made a pretty good stab at implementeing an OOPL .
We invited him for a summer and never let him go back–he was a great help in formulating an official semantics for Smalltalk .
The crowning addition was the OOZE ( Object Oriented Zoned Environment ) virtual memory system tat served Samlltalk - 74 , and more importantly , Smalltalk - 76 [ Ing 78 , Kae * ] .
The ALTO was not ver large ( 128-256 K ) , especially with its page0sized display ( 64 k ) , and even with small programs , we soon ran out of storage .
The 2.4 megabyte model 30 desk drive was faster and larger than a floppy and slower and smaller than today ’s hard drives .
It was quite similar to the HP direct contact disk of the FLEX machine on which I had tried a fine - grain version of the B5000 segment swapper .
It had not worked as well as I wanted , despite a few good ideas as to how to choose objects when purging .
When the gang wanted to adopt this baic scheme , I said : “ But I never got it to work well . ” I remember Ted Kaehler saying , “ Dont ’ worry , we ’ll make it work ! ”
The basic idea in all of these systems is to be able to gather the most comprehensive possible working set of objects .
This is most easily accomplished by swapping individual objects .
Now the problem becomes the overhead of purging non-working set objects to make room for the ones that are needed .
( Paging sometimes works better for this part because you can get more than on object ( OOZE ) in each disk touch . )
Two ideas help a lot .
First , Butler ’s insight in the GENTE OS that it was worthwhile to expend a small percentage of tie purging dirty objects to make core as clean as possible [ Lampson 1966 ] .
Thus crashes tend not to hurt as much and there is alwasy clean storage to fetch pages or objects from the disk into .
The other is one from the FLEX system in which I set up a stochastic decision mechanism ( based on the class of an object ) that determined during a purge whether or not to throw an object out .
This had two benefits : important objects tended not to go out , and a mistake would just bring it back in again with the distribution insuring a low probability that the object would be purged again soon .
The other problem that had to be taken care of was object - pointer integrity ( and this is where I had failed in the FLEX machine to come up with a good enough solution ) .
Wht was needed really was a complete transaction , a brand new technique ( thought up by Butler ? ) that ensured recover regardless of when the system crashed .
This was called “ cosmic ray protection ” as the early ALTOS had a way of just crashing once or twice a day for no discernable good reason .
This , by the way did not particularly bother anyone as it was fairly easy to come up with undo anbd replay mechanisms to get around the cosmic rays .
For pointer - based systems that had automatic storage management , this was a bit more tricky .
Ted and Dan decided to control storage using a Resident Object Table that was the only place machine addresses for objects would be found .
Other useful information was stashed there as well to help LRU aging .
Purging was done in background by picking a class , positioning the disk to its instances ( all of a particular class were stored together ) , then running through the ROT to find the dirty ones in storage and stream them out .
This was pretty efficient and , true to Butler ’s insight , furnished a good sized pool of clean storage that could be overwritten .
The key to the design though ( and the implementation of the transaction mechanism ) was the checkpointing scheme they came up with .
This insured that there was a recoverable image no more than a few seconds old , regardless of when a crash ight occur .
OOZE swapped objects in just 80 kb of working storage and could handle about 65 K objects ( up to several megabytes worth , more than enough for the entire system , its interface , and its applications ) .
“ Object - oriented ” Style
This is probably a good place to comment on the difference between what we thought of as OOP - style and the superficial encapsulation called “ abstact data types ” that was just starting to be investigated in academic circles .
Our early “ LISP - pair ” definition is an example of an abstract data type because it preserves the “ field access ” and “ field rebinding ” that is the hallmark of a data structure .
Considerable work in the 60s was concerned with generalizing such strcutures [ DSP * ] .
The “ official ” computer science world started to regard Simula as a possible vehicle for defining abstract data types ( even by one of its inventors [ Dahl 1970 ] ) , and it formed much of the later backbone of ADA .
This led to the ubiquitous stack data - type example in hundreds of papers .
To put it mildly , we were quite amazed at this , since to us , what Simula had whispered was something much stringer than simply reimplementing a weak and ad hoc idea .
What I got from Simula was that you could now replace bindings and assignment with goals .
The last thing you wanted any programmer to do is mess with internal state even if presented figuratively .
Instead , the objects should be presented as site of higher level behaviors more appropriate for use as dynamic components .
Even the way we taught children ( cf. ahead ) reflected this way of looking at objects .
Not too surprisingly this approach has considerable bearing on the ease of programming , the size of the code needed , the integrity of the design , etc .
It is unfortunate that much of what is called “ object - oriented programming ” today is simply old style programming with fancier constructs .
Many programs are loaded with “ assignment - style ” operations now done by more expensive attached procedures .
Where does the special efficiency of object - oriented design come from ?
This is a good question given that it can be viewed as a slightly different way to apply procedures to data - structures .
Part of the effect comes from a much clearer way to represent a complex system .
Here , the constraints are as useful as the generalities .
Four techniques used together –persistent state , polymorphism , instantiation , and methods - as - goals for the object–account for much of the power .
None of these require an “ object - oriented language ” to be employed –ALGOL 68 can almost be turned to this style–and OOPL merely focuses the designer ’s mind in a particular fruitful direction .
However , doing encapsulation right is a commitment not just to abstraction of state , but to eliminate state oriented metaphors from programming .
Perhaps the most important principle–again derived from operating system architectures –is that when you give someone a structure , rarely do you want them to have unlimited priviledges with it .
Just doing type - matching is n’t even close to what ’s needed .
Nor is it terribly useful to have some objects protected and others not .
Make them all first class citizens and protect all .
I believe that the much smaller size of a good OOP system comes not just by being gently forced to come up with a more thought out design .
I think it also has to do with the “ bang per line of code ” you can get with OOP .
The object carries with it a lot of significance and intention , its methods suggest the strongest kinds of goals it can carry out , its superclasses can add up to much more code - frunctionality being invoked than most procedures - on - data - structures .
Assignment statements –even abstract ones –express very low - level goals , and more of them will be needed to get anything done .
Generally , we do n’t want the programmer to be messing around with state , whether simulated or not .
The ability to instantiate an object has a considerable effect on code size as well .
Another way to think of all this is : though the late - binding of automatic storage allocations does n’t do anything a programmer can’t do , its presence leads both to simpler and more powerful code .
OOP is a late binding strategy for many things and all of them together hold off fragility and size explosion much longer than the older methodologies .
In other words , human programmers are n’t Turing machines–and the lesss their programming systems require Turing machine techniques the better .
Smalltalk and Children Now that I have summarized the “ adult ” activities ( we were actually only semiadults ) in Smalltalk up to 1976 , let me return to the summer of ’ 73 , when we were ready to start experiments with children .
None of us knew anything about working with children , but we knew that Adele Goldberg and Steve Weyer who were then with Pat Suppes at Standford had done quite a bit and we were able to entice them to join us .
Since we had no idea how to teach object - oriented programming to children ( or anyone else ) , the first experiments Adele did mimicked LOGO turtle graphics , and she got what appeared to be very similar results .
That is to say , the children could get the turtle to draw pictures on the screen , but there seemed to be little happening beyond surface effects .
At that time I felt that since the content of personal computering was interactive tools , that the content of this new kind of authoring literacy should be the creation of interactive tools by the children .
Procedural turtle graphics just was n’t it .
The Adele came up with a breillian approach to teaching Smalltalk as an object - oriented language : the “ Joe Book . ”
I believe this was partly influneced by Minsky ’s idea that you should teach a programming language holistically from working examples of serious programs .
Several instances of the class box are created and sent messages , culminating with a simple multiprocess animation .
After getting kids to guess what a box might be like–they could come surprisingly close–they would be shown : to box | x y size tilt ( odraw = ( @place x y turn tilt .
square size .
oundraw = ( @ white , SELF draw , @black ) oturn = ( SELF undraw .
' tilt <- tilt + :. SELF draw ) ogrow = ( SELF undraw .
' size <- size + :. SELF draw ) ISNEW = ( SELF undraw .
' size <- size + :.
SELF draw )
What was so wonderful about this idea were the myriad of children ’s projects that could spring off the humble boxes .
And some of the earliest were tools !
This was when we got really excited .
For example , Marion Goldeen ’s ( 12 yrs old ) painting system was a full - fledged tool .
A few yuears later , so was Susan Hamet ’s ( 12 yrs old ) OOP illustration system ( with a design that was like the MacDraw to come ) .
Two more were Bruce Horn ’s ( 15 yrs old ) music score capture system and Steve Ptz ’s ( 15 yrs old ) circuit design system .
Looking back , this could be called another example in computer science of the “ early success syndrome . ”
The successes were real , but they were n’t as general as we thought .
They would n’t extend into the future as stringly as we hoped .
The children were chosen from the Palo Alto schools ( hardly an average background ) and we tended to be much more excited about the successes than the difficulties .
In part , that we were seeing was the “ hack phenomenon , ” that , for any given pursuit , a particular 5 % of the population will jump into it naturally , while the 80 % or so who can learn it in time do not find it at all natural .
We had a dim sense of this , but we kept on having relative successes .
We could definitely see that learning the mechanics of the system was not a major problem the children could get mose of it themsleves by swarming over the ALTOS with Adele ’s JOE book .
The problem seemed more to be that of design .
It started to hit home in the Spring of ’ 74 after I taught Smalltalk to 20 PARC nonprogrammer adults .
They were able to get through the initial material faster than the children , but just as it looked like an overwhelming success was at hand , they started to crash on problems that did n’t look to me to be much harder than the ones they had just been doing well on .
One of them was a project thought up by one of the adults , which was to make a little database system that could act like a card file or rolodex .
They could n’t even come close to programming it .
I was very surprised because I “ klnew ” that such a project was well below the mythical “ two pages ” for end - users we were working within .
That night I worote it out , and the next day I showed all of them how to do it .
Still , none of them were able to do it by themsleves .
Later , I sat in the room poindering the board from my talk .
Finally , I counted the number of nonobvious ideas in this little program .
They came to 17 .
And some of them were like the concept of the arch in building design : very hard to discover , if you do n’t already know them .
The connection to literacy was painfully clear .
It is n’t enough to just learn to read and write .
There is also a literature that renders ideas .
Language is used to read and write about them , but at some point the organization of ideas starts to dominate mre language abilities .
And it help greatly to have some powerful ideas under one ’s belt to better acquire more powerful ideas [ Papert 70s ] .
So , we decided we should teach design .
And Adele came up with another brillian stroke to deal with this .
She decided that what was needed was in intermediary between the vague ideas about the problem and the very detailed writing and debugging that had to be done to get it to run in Smalltalk .
She called the intermediary forms design templates .
Using these the children could look at a situation they wanted to simulate , and decompose it into classes and messages without having to worry just how a method would work .
The method planning could then be done informally in English , and these notes would later serve as commentaries and guides to the writing of the actual code .
This was a terrific idea , and it worked very well .
But not enough to satisfy us .
As Adele liked to point out , it is hard to claim success if only some of the children are successful–and if a mximum effort of both children and teachers was required to get the successes to happen .
REal pedagogy has to work in much less idealistic settings and be consderably more robust .
Still , some successes are qualitatively different from no successes .
We wanted more , and started to push on the inheritence idea as a way to let novices build on frameworks that could only be designed by experts .
We had good reason to believe that this could work because we had been impressed by Lisa vanStone ’s ability to make significant changes to SHAZAM ( the fix or six page Smalltalk animation tool done by relatively expert adults ) .
Unfortunately , inerhitence –though an incredibly powerful technique –has turned out to be very difficult for novices ( and even professionals ) to deal with .
AT this point , let me do a look back from the vantage point of today .
I ’m now pretty much convinced that our design template approach was a good one after all .
We just did n’t apply it longitudinally enough .
I mean by this that there is now a large accumulation of results from many attempts to teach novices programming [ Soloway 1989 ] .
They all have similar stor
REST on Rails
November 2 , 2005
Matt Biddulph
Imagine a news website with simple URLs for its news items and the categories they belong to : http://example.com/item/15 and http://example.com/category/rails .
Suppose that it has been built using Ruby on Rails .
In the article , we 'll discuss how to REST - enable this site , giving read - write HTTP access to machine - readable representations of its resources .
By the end of the article , we 'll be able to add these features to our site in just a couple of lines of code .
If you 're not yet familiar with the Rails framework , I suggest you introduce yourself to it via an article like " What Is Ruby on Rails " before reading on .
You wo n't regret it .
For more background on the REST architectural style , Joe Gregorio 's series of XML.com articles " The Restful Web " are very useful .
( rest_resource.rb contains all the code excerpted in this article . )
Mapping REST Concepts to Rails Patterns
Following the Model / View / Controller pattern , our site 's resources will be represented by Model classes , in this case , an Item and a Category class .
In REST terminology , these are resources , URL - addressable entities that you can interact with over HTTP .
Views are a way to create REST 's representations , useful serializations of the models that clients can interpret .
We decide which representation of which resource to use in dispatch , a role played by the Controller .
HTTP 's standard PUT / GET / POST / DELETE verbs translate directly to the Create / Read / Update / Delete features built into every Rails ActiveRecord model .
This means no changes or additions for existing model classes to be REST - enabled -- as is usual in the MVC framework , models do n't have to know or care what they 're being used for .
We 'll provide a view that does an automatic mapping from any Rails model to a default XML representation .
We 'll build it with a template using ActiveRecord introspection to discover the schema and record values at runtime .
The XML format will look something like this :
< nameofmodelclass > < field1 > field 1's value </ field1 > < field2 > field 2's value </ field2 > < onetomanyfield1 href= 'http://example.comm/url/of/relatedrecord1' /> < onetomanyfield 1 href= '
http://example.comm/url/of/relatedrecord2' /> </nameofmodelclass >
When a client POSTs such an XML document to the URL of an existing resource , we 'll parse it and update the values of the record in the database .
Clients will also be able to create new resources by POSTing XML to a create URL and being redirected to the newly created resource .
This logic will be implemented in the Controller .
Dispatch with ActionController
To handle incoming requests to create , read , update or delete resources , we need to inspect the incoming request before we can take action .
Rails handles most of the hard work in decoding a URL and calling the right controller method , but it does n't differentiate between different HTTP verbs .
We 'll have to make this choice in our controller method .
ActionController provides a bunch of convenient Boolean methods for this using different HTTP verbs , so the skeleton of our code looks like this :
if request .
post ? if params [ : id ] # it 's an update else # no ID supplied , so create new resource end end if request .
get ?
# serve up a representation end if request .
delete ?
# delete the resource end
You may like to compare this dispatch mechanism to the Python code in Joe Gregorio 's Dispatching in a REST Protocol Application .
Using REXML and Builder
To implement the XML handling for this application , we 're going to need a way of consuming XML , and a way of producing it .
Fortunately every Rails installation ships with REXML and Builder .
Builder is the standard Rails mechanism for producing XML .
If you 're familiar with .rhtml files used for HTML templating then making the requisite .rxml files wo n't be a great leap , and will integrate with your application 's controllers in just the same way .
Here 's a simple example of producing some XML :
xml.instruct ! :xml , :version = > " 1.0 " , : encoding = > " UTF - 8 " xml.example (' version ' => ' 2.0 ' ) do xml.foo( " This is the title " ) end
The template produces this output :
<?xml version = " 1.0 " encoding = " UTF - 8 " ?> < example > < foo> This is the title < / foo > </ example >
Ruby ships with REXML , which incorporates both a parser and an XPath implementation .
You can parse an XML document like this :
doc = REXML ::Document.new(resp.body )
and extract data with XPath like so :
REXML ::XPath.each(doc , " / example / foo " ) { |xml| puts xml.text }
Introspection with ActiveRecord
Let 's take a break from XML and look at how we can dynamically get data from any model object without prior knowledge of its fields .
To understand fully how this works , I highly recommend firing up the Rails console ( run script / console from the command line ) on any Rails project and trying out the commands interactively .
We 'll show excerpts from an interactive session as we go through the concepts .
Every model is a subclass of ActiveRecord : : Base , and this brings with it a number of essential methods for our task .
The first is content_columns :
>> i = Item.find_first( ) => #< Item:0x2333814 @attributes= {" title " =>" This is an article 's title " , " id " = > " 1 " , " bodytext " = >
" The text of the item " } > >> i.class.content_columns => [ #< ActiveRecord :: ConnectionAdapters :: Column:0x2331bcc @type=:string , @default=nil , @limit=100 , @name = " title " > , #< ActiveRecord :: ConnectionAdapters :: Column:0x2331adc @type=:string , @default=nil , @limit=250 , @name= " bodytext " > >> i [ ' title ' ] =>
" This is an article 's title "
Notice that content_columns is a class method , so we invoke it as i.class.content_columns .
It tells us that Items have two content columns of type string .
We can loop through this list of column names in our XML template to get their values .
What if the model has associations ?
ActiveRecord has powerful automatic handling of database joins to manage relationships between models .
These relationships are a key part of most Rails apps .
ActiveRecord provides another useful class method :
>> i.class.reflect_on_all_associations => [ #< ActiveRecord : : Reflection : : AssociationReflection :0x2337860 @macro=:belongs_to , @options={} , @name=:category , @active_record=Category >]
This tells us that our Item has one association : it belongs to a Category .
To find out what category our item belongs to , we just use one line of Ruby to resolve and call the category method given there , and we have all the data we need to make a serialization :
>> i.method ( ' category ') .call => #< Category : 0x22fb2e8 @attributes={" description " =>" Technical articles " , " id " = > " 2 " }>
Putting it all together , the RXML template looks like this :
xml.tag!(@obj.class.to_s.downcase , {:id => @obj.id} ) { @obj.class.content_columns.each { | col| xml.tag!(col.name , @obj[col.name ] ) } @obj.class.reflect_on_all_associations.each { |assoc| if assoc.macro == : belongs_to || assoc.macro == : has_one rels = [ @obj.method(assoc.name ).call ] end if assoc.macro == : has_many || assoc.macro == :has_and_belongs_to_many # * _many methods return lists rels = @obj.method(assoc.name ) .call end rels.each { |rel| if rel name = rel.class.to_s.downcase xml.tag !( name , {:id=>rel.id , :href =>url_for(:only_path=> false , :action => name + " _xml " , :id=>rel.id ) } ) end } } }
Using this template and a little REXML XPath code as above , we can complete the code for dispatch in the controller .
In Action
Let 's see a command - line session with our REST - enabled web app .
We 'll use the REST hacker 's number one web services client : /usr / bin /curl .
First create a new Item by POSTing some XML to the app :
$ curl - i -X POST -d " < item > < title > Article title < / title > < bodytext > no body </ bodytext ></item > "
http://localhost:3000/blog/item
HTTP/1.1 201 Created Date : Sun , 09 Oct 2005 13:12:54 GMT
Location : http://localhost:3000/blog/item/1137975
The server parsed our XML , created an Item model instance , initialised it with our data and stored it in the database .
It indicated success with the HTTP code 201 Created , and told us where to find the new resource with the Location header .
Now request a representation of the resource from its newly - minted URL :
$ curl http://localhost:3000/blog/item/1137975 < item id =" 1137975 " > < title > Article title </ title > < bodytext > no body </ bodytext > </item >
The XML comes back as expected .
Make a change to the resource by posting data to its URL :
$ curl - i -X POST -d " < item > < title > New title < / title > </item > "
http://localhost:3000/blog/item/1137975
HTTP/1.1 200 OK Date : Sun , 09 Oct 2005 13:14:29 GMT
Content - Type : text / xml < item id =" 1137975 " > < title > New title </ title > < bodytext > no body </ bodytext > </item >
Note that the title has changed but the bodytext field remains untouched as we did n't specify it in our input .
Finally , delete the resource :
$ curl - i -X DELETE http://localhost:3000/blog/item/1137975
HTTP/1.1 204 Deleted Date : Sun , 09 Oct 2005 13:14:29 GMT
Content - Type : text /xml
And verify that it 's gone :
$ curl -i http://localhost:3000/blog/item/1137975
HTTP/1.1 404 Not Found Date : Sun , 09 Oct 2005 13:17:29 GMT
Let 's Make it a One - Liner
Now we have our code written , would n't it be nice if we could apply it to any model in any rails project ?
Let 's package up the code so that it can be pulled in with one line of controller code , just like Rails builtins such as belongs_to , validates_uniqueness_of and layout .
To do this , we exploit Ruby 's dynamic nature by providing a mixin class that transparently adds features to an existing class .
There 's a fairly simple code pattern for doing this :
module ExtraMethods def self.append_features ( base ) super base.extend ( ClassMethods ) end module ClassMethods def additional_method ( message ) module_eval <<-" end_eval " , __FILE__, __LINE__ def example puts " I 've been added to give you this message : ' # {message} ' " end end_eval end end end
We can now use this in any class with a call to include :
class SomeClass include ExtraMethods additional_method " your dynamic method insertion worked " end >> SomeClass.new ( ) .example ( )
I 've been added to give you this message : ' your dynamic method insertion worked
You can see this Ruby pattern in use in the code that accompanies this article .
With the final code present in the lib directory of the project , a REST - enabled controller looks like this :
class NewsController << ApplicationController rest_resource :item rest_resource : category end
Conclusion
Rails is a strong foundation for the REST style .
Its approach to database modeling and URL routing leads to good URLs representing resources .
These are easy to enable for XML reading and writing using simple dispatch mechanisms .
Ruby 's dynamic language features make it possible to package up convenience code into an easy - to - use one - liner .
In any application where the client can make changes to your database , you have to think carefully about granting access rights .
The code presented here could be enhanced to use a Rails - based authentication system , or alternatively a web server such as Apache can be used to front an application and grant fine - grained rights dependent on user and HTTP verb .
It 's instructive to compare the style of interaction in this article with the emerging Atom API standard , and to think about how this kind of API lends itself well to embedding in all sorts of clients , from command utilities to OSX Dashboard widgets , to Web 2.0 mashups .
Two Palestinian women were killed and another 10 were reported wounded when Israeli forces today opened fire on a group preparing to act as a human shield for militants in a Gaza mosque .
Dozens of women were gathering outside the mosque in Beit Hanoun in the northern Gaza Strip this morning after an appeal on a local radio station .
More than 30 gunmen had taken refuge in the building after the Israeli army began its largest Gaza offensive in months in an attempt to stop militants launching rocket attacks on nearby Jewish settlements over the border .
Television pictures showed at least 50 women making their way along a pavement when shots could be heard ringing out .
They started to flee in terror and at least two women were left lying on the ground .
Witnesses said two women , both aged about 40 , were killed , and 10 others were wounded .
The Israeli army said troops spotted two militants hiding in the crowd of women and opened fire .
A large group of women protesters went on to gather outside the mosque .
In the resulting confusion all the militants managed to escape , some reportedly wearing robes supplied by the women .
A 22 - year - old Palestinian man was also killed in the northern town , which troops seized on Wednesday .
At least 23 Palestinians , most of them militants , have been killed and 155 wounded since the offensive began , according to local health officials .
Israeli tanks and armoured personnel carriers surrounded the mosque when militants took refuge there .
Overnight , the two sides exchanged fire .
Troops also threw stun and smoke grenades into the mosque to pressure the gunmen to surrender .
Witnesses said an Israeli army bulldozer knocked down an outer wall of the mosque , causing the ceiling to collapse .
The Israeli army said the gunmen inside the mosque were able to take advantage of the women 's demonstration to escape because there were n't enough infantrymen to block the protesters from approaching the building , and troops did n't want to shoot into the crowd .
However , live ammunition was fired in the course of the demonstration , wounding a Palestinian cameraman and a number of women .
Hospital officials reported that many of the women were shot in the foot .
The Palestinian prime minister , Ismail Haniyeh , of Hamas " saluted the women of Palestine ... who led the protest to break the siege of Beit Hanoun " .
He urged the UN secretary general , Kofi Annan , to witness first - hand " the massacres of the Palestinian people " , and appealed to the Arab world to " stop the ongoing bloodshed " .
A spokesman for Hamas militants said 32 gunmen who had taken cover in the mosque escaped with the help of the women .
Residents said Beit Hanoun , a town of 30,000 people , was effectively under full Israeli control , with a curfew imposed .
Loudspeakers across Gaza called on people to come to demonstrations after Friday prayers to express solidarity with Beit Hanoun .
By late morning , two rallies were already in progress in Beit Hanoun , and militants in the crowds were firing at soldiers , the Israeli army said .
The Israeli army said it targeted Beit Hanoun because it was a major site for launching rocket attacks .
But Israeli officials have said the takeover of Beit Hanoun was expected to last only a few days and did not signal the start of a wider military offensive in Gaza .
Militants , however , continued to fire rockets at Israeli border communities .
Two Israelis were slightly wounded and a house was damaged in the latest attacks .
In a separate operation last night , an Israeli air strike on a car in Gaza City killed three Hamas fighters , including a local militant commander , witnesses said .
An Israeli army spokeswoman confirmed the strike .
The demonstration drew a crowd of curious onlookers
The controversial environmental activists hauled the fin whale to Berlin from the Baltic coast after finding it beached on a sandbank .
The dead whale measured 17 m ( 56ft ) long and weighed 20 tonnes .
Activists are trying to demonstrate that there is no need to kill the mammals for research - as Japan does - because cadavers can be found .
Japan is expected to kill 935 minke whales in the Southern Ocean whale sanctuary during the first four months of 2006 .
The whale got stuck in the Baltic 's shallow waters
Critics dispute Japan 's claim to be whaling for scientific purposes , saying whale meat often ends up on restaurant tables .
A Greenpeace banner in Berlin read : " Science does n't need harpoons !
Stop the senseless whaling ! "
The fin whale in Berlin - between 10 and 20 years old - is believed to have got lost in the Baltic while looking for herring .
Its normal habitat is the North Atlantic .
The whale is due to be taken to Stralsund on the coast for scientific examination after the Greenpeace protest .
The conversation Mike Hall recently had with Don Syme , a researcher at MSR Cambridge who focuses on language development and is the key author of F# , continues .
( See Part 1 here
And there 's a lot of code in this one .
Put your study caps on .
Check out Don 's blog
About 80,000 women in Britain work as prostitutes
The law could be changed to allow two prostitutes and a receptionist or maid to work together legally in brothels , the government has confirmed .
Currently only lone prostitutes can offer sex from flats or other premises without breaking the law .
Launching the new prostitution strategy for England and Wales , minister Fiona Mactaggart said that working in groups would be safer for women .
The Home Office plans also include tougher rules for men who buy sex .
Criminal gangs
The strategy also means more kerb - crawlers could lose their driving licences , while prostitutes would get help over drugs and housing .
If there 's a crackdown , clients are much more nervous
Cari Mitchell
English Collective of Prostitutes
Head - to - head :
The strategy Send us your comments Ministers ditched earlier plans for licensed red - light zones , believing they could send out the wrong message .
Ms Mactaggart said such zones only shifted the problem to other areas .
" I cannot accept that we should turn a blind eye to a problem that causes misery for people living in or near red - light areas , " she said .
" There is no evidence that decriminalisation or licensing prostitution would achieve our objectives of reducing exploitation , improving the safety of those involved and making local communities safer . "
Very small scale operations can operate in a way that is not disruptive to neighbours
Fiona Mactaggart
Home Office minister
But she said prostitution would not be eradicated " overnight " and evidence from sex workers suggested allowing them to work in pairs off the street increased their personal safety .
" Where women are working for themselves and are less likely to be managed or pimped on a large scale , in the interim it is probably more sensible not to use the very serious penalties we have against people who run brothels , " she said .
" Very small scale operations can operate in a way that is not disruptive to neighbours . "
Kerb - crawlers arrested for the first time could be forced to take part in a " re-education " programme at their own expense , instead of being fined , under the plans .
But Ms Mactaggart said there would be no extra cash for police .
[ The government strategy will ] help those who are trapped to find a way out of prostitution
Martin Narey
Barnardo's
Prostitution laws : Reaction
The strategy includes action against those who exploit prostitutes , such as people traffickers .
But Ms Mactaggart said men who use prostitutes who have been trafficked will not be charged with rape , as some campaigners have demanded , because they often reported their concerns .
" They do n't think what is happening to those women is right - even if they do n't think prostitution is wrong , " she said .
' Nervous '
The Conservative Party criticised the measures , saying more needed to be done to tackle the underlying social problems which caused prostitution .
But the strategy was " warmly welcomed " by child protection charity Barnardo's .
Chief executive Martin Narey said it would " help those who are trapped to find a way out of prostitution and [ it ] concentrates on bringing to justice those pimps who condemn children and young people to such misery " .
But Cari Mitchell of the English Collective of Prostitutes told the BBC crackdowns made streets more dangerous for the women .
" Very obviously , if there 's a crackdown , clients are much more nervous .
And women do n't have time to check them out properly before they get in the car , " she said .
Instead , the group is calling for the end of criminalisation of prostitution .
Drugs
Under the new strategy , police will be encouraged to work more closely with charities running safe houses to help women get out of the sex trade .
The strategy includes measures to encourage women to get help with drink or drug problems .
These include creating a new penalty for the offence of loitering or soliciting for prostitution so courts can direct women into drug or alcohol programmes rather than fining them .
And ministers promise to ensure access to drug treatment services , health services and supported accommodation to women who want to get out of prostitution .
Measures to improve prostitutes ' safety include expanding the Ugly Mugs scheme , already running in several areas , which lets prostitutes know about violent punters .
The government will tighten up guidance for social workers , focusing on the children most at risk from being lured into prostitution , such as those leaving care .
Teachers , police officers and nurses will be trained to help the spot the risks .
About 80,000 women in Britain work as prostitutes , and half of those are under 25 , the Home Office estimates .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Book review
This is a book about a sorely neglected part of software development : writing code .
It 's not a book about the specifics of a particular language , programming paradigm or development methodology .
Nor is it about UML , design patterns or data structures .
It 's about coding .
About low - level design , about naming conventions , about all those things we spend so much of our time doing , but which are conspicuously absent from most books on development .
In that sense , Steve McConnell 's Code Complete is fairly unique , and the first edition was justly acclaimed as a classic .
Now a second edition - expanded and extensively re-written - confirms this status .
Covering every aspect of code construction , this is a mammoth volume packed to the hilt with sage advice , sample code , hard facts and figures , and sound arguments .
Marrying data from countless journal papers and academic studies with war stories and anecdotes , the book does a great job in persuading the reader , rather than just laying down the law .
McConnell wants to help the reader become a better developer .
It 's part of what makes this such a great book .
Organised into seven different sections , the topics range from metaphors for software construction to the use of pseudo - code , to variable naming , to code formatting and more .
The treatment of material is comprehensive , so that even a topic such as variable naming gets a whole chapter that is both useful and interesting .
Topics of religious significance , such as code formatting , also get an airing .
We could do a review that summarises the book section by section , but that would not do it justice .
Instead , it 's better to focus on some of the key themes .
The first of these is complexity .
Taming complexity is a key goal of the best developers .
This means writing code that is well - structured , easy to understand and maintain .
It means avoiding writing ' clever ' code .
This principle extends everywhere , from how you name routines and lay out your code , to what you call your variables .
Secondly , it 's important to remember that code is read more often than it 's written , which means making sure it 's readable .
Again , this means taking care with program structure , using naming conventions , commenting code and so on .
The best developers are themselves developing and learning along the way .
This means striving to improve , being aware of what you are doing , keeping an eye on what 's happening in the industry , and not allowing yourself to get complacent .
In addition to the technical content , the quality of writing should also be stressed .
This is a huge book but it does n't read like one .
It is engaging and clear .
There 's sample code aplenty , with Java , C++ and Visual Basic , but the lessons the book really draws are independent of language , tools or methodologies .
There is so much more good solid material in the book , it 's difficult to do it justice in a single review .
Anyone who wants to improve as a developer should read it .
Code Complete , Second Editiion
Verdict :
We can't recommend it enough .
Author : Steve McConnell
Publisher : Microsoft Press
ISBN : 0735619670
Media : Book
Buy this book at Cash & Carrion !
Samo telefon , ker je vedno pri roki
Telefon , ker mi je takšna kakovost fotografij dovolj
Oboje , odvisno od situacije
Če se le da , raje fotoaparat
Vedno samo fotoaparat , ker so fotografije kakovostnejše
Copyright © 2003 - 2005 , Peter Seibel
1. Introduction : Why Lisp ?
If you think the greatest pleasure in programming comes from getting a lot done with code that simply and clearly expresses your intention , then programming in Common Lisp is likely to be about the most fun you can have with a computer .
You 'll get more done , faster , using it than you would using pretty much any other language .
That 's a bold claim .
Can I justify it ?
Not in a just a few pages in this chapter -- you 're going to have to learn some Lisp and see for yourself -- thus the rest of this book .
For now , let me start with some anecdotal evidence , the story of my own road to Lisp .
Then , in the next section , I 'll explain the payoff I think you 'll get from learning Common Lisp .
I 'm one of what must be a fairly small number of second - generation Lisp hackers .
My father got his start in computers writing an operating system in assembly for the machine he used to gather data for his doctoral dissertation in physics .
After running computer systems at various physics labs , by the 1980s he had left physics altogether and was working at a large pharmaceutical company .
That company had a project under way to develop software to model production processes in its chemical plants -- if you increase the size of this vessel , how does it affect annual production ?
The original team , writing in FORTRAN , had burned through half the money and almost all the time allotted to the project with nothing to show for their efforts .
This being the 1980s and the middle of the artificial intelligence ( AI ) boom , Lisp was in the air .
So my dad -- at that point not a Lisper - - went to Carnegie Mellon University ( CMU ) to talk to some of the folks working on what was to become Common Lisp about whether Lisp might be a good language for this project .
The CMU folks showed him some demos of stuff they were working on , and he was convinced .
He in turn convinced his bosses to let his team take over the failing project and do it in Lisp .
A year later , and using only what was left of the original budget , his team delivered a working application with features that the original team had given up any hope of delivering .
My dad credits his team 's success to their decision to use Lisp .
Now , that 's just one anecdote .
And maybe my dad is wrong about why they succeeded .
Or maybe Lisp was better only in comparison to other languages of the day .
These days we have lots of fancy new languages , many of which have incorporated features from Lisp .
Am I really saying Lisp can offer you the same benefits today as it offered my dad in the 1980s ?
Read on .
Despite my father 's best efforts , I did n't learn any Lisp in high school .
After a college career that did n't involve much programming in any language , I was seduced by the Web and back into computers .
I worked first in Perl , learning enough to be dangerous while building an online discussion forum for Mother Jones magazine 's Web site and then moving to a Web shop , Organic Online , where I worked on big -- for the time -- Web sites such as the one Nike put up during the 1996 Olympics .
Later I moved onto Java as an early developer at WebLogic , now part of BEA .
After WebLogic , I joined another startup where I was the lead programmer on a team building a transactional messaging system in Java .
Along the way , my general interest in programming languages led me to explore such mainstream languages as C , C++ , and Python , as well as less well - known ones such as Smalltalk , Eiffel , and Beta .
So I knew two languages inside and out and was familiar with another half dozen .
Eventually , however , I realized my interest in programming languages was really rooted in the idea planted by my father 's tales of Lisp - - that different languages really are different , and that , despite the formal Turing equivalence of all programming languages , you really can get more done more quickly in some languages than others and have more fun doing it .
Yet , ironically , I had never spent that much time with Lisp itself .
So , I started doing some Lisp hacking in my free time .
And whenever I did , it was exhilarating how quickly I was able to go from idea to working code .
For example , one vacation , having a week or so to hack Lisp , I decided to try writing a version of a program - - a system for breeding genetic algorithms to play the game of Go -- that I had written early in my career as a Java programmer .
Even handicapped by my then rudimentary knowledge of Common Lisp and having to look up even basic functions , it still felt more productive than it would have been to rewrite the same program in Java , even with several extra years of Java experience acquired since writing the first version .
A similar experiment led to the library I 'll discuss in Chapter 24 .
Early in my time at WebLogic I had written a library , in Java , for taking apart Java class files .
It worked , but the code was a bit of a mess and hard to modify or extend .
I had tried several times , over the years , to rewrite that library , thinking that with my ever - improving Java chops I 'd find some way to do it that did n't bog down in piles of duplicated code .
I never found a way .
But when I tried to do it in Common Lisp , it took me only two days , and I ended up not only with a Java class file parser but with a general - purpose library for taking apart any kind of binary file .
You 'll see how that library works in Chapter 24 and use it in Chapter 25 to write a parser for the ID3 tags embedded in MP3 files .
Why Lisp ?
It 's hard , in only a few pages of an introductory chapter , to explain why users of a language like it , and it 's even harder to make the case for why you should invest your time in learning a certain language .
Personal history only gets us so far .
Perhaps I like Lisp because of some quirk in the way my brain is wired .
It could even be genetic , since my dad has it too .
So before you dive into learning Lisp , it 's reasonable to want to know what the payoff is going to be .
For some languages , the payoff is relatively obvious .
For instance , if you want to write low - level code on Unix , you should learn C .
Or if you want to write certain kinds of cross - platform applications , you should learn Java .
And any of a number companies still use a lot of C++ , so if you want to get a job at one of them , you should learn C ++.
For most languages , however , the payoff is n't so easily categorized ; it has to do with subjective criteria such as how it feels to use the language .
Perl advocates like to say that Perl " makes easy things easy and hard things possible " and revel in the fact that , as the Perl motto has it , " There 's more than one way to do it . " 1
Python 's fans , on the other hand , think Python is clean and simple and think Python code is easier to understand because , as their motto says , " There 's only one way to do it . "
So , why Common Lisp ?
There 's no immediately obvious payoff for adopting Common Lisp the way there is for C , Java , and C++ ( unless , of course , you happen to own a Lisp Machine ) .
The benefits of using Lisp have much more to do with the experience of using it .
I 'll spend the rest of this book showing you the specific features of Common Lisp and how to use them so you can see for yourself what it 's like .
For now I 'll try to give you a sense of Lisp 's philosophy .
The nearest thing Common Lisp has to a motto is the koan - like description , " the programmable programming language . "
While cryptic , that description gets at the root of the biggest advantage Common Lisp still has over other languages .
More than any other language , Common Lisp follows the philosophy that what 's good for the language 's designer is good for the language 's users .
Thus , when you 're programming in Common Lisp , you almost never find yourself wishing the language supported some feature that would make your program easier to write , because , as you 'll see throughout this book , you can just add the feature yourself .
Consequently , a Common Lisp program tends to provide a much clearer mapping between your ideas about how the program works and the code you actually write .
Your ideas are n't obscured by boilerplate code and endlessly repeated idioms .
This makes your code easier to maintain because you do n't have to wade through reams of code every time you need to make a change .
Even systemic changes to a program 's behavior can often be achieved with relatively small changes to the actual code .
This also means you 'll develop code more quickly ; there 's less code to write , and you do n't waste time thrashing around trying to find a clean way to express yourself within the limitations of the language .
2
Common Lisp is also an excellent language for exploratory programming -- if you do n't know exactly how your program is going to work when you first sit down to write it , Common Lisp provides several features to help you develop your code incrementally and interactively .
For starters , the interactive read - eval - print loop , which I 'll introduce in the next chapter , lets you continually interact with your program as you develop it .
Write a new function .
Test it .
Change it .
Try a different approach .
You never have to stop for a lengthy compilation cycle.
3
Other features that support a flowing , interactive programming style are Lisp 's dynamic typing and the Common Lisp condition system .
Because of the former , you spend less time convincing the compiler you should be allowed to run your code and more time actually running it and working on it , 4 and the latter lets you develop even your error handling code interactively .
Another consequence of being " a programmable programming language " is that Common Lisp , in addition to incorporating small changes that make particular programs easier to write , can easily adopt big new ideas about how programming languages should work .
For instance , the original implementation of the Common Lisp Object System ( CLOS ) , Common Lisp 's powerful object system , was as a library written in portable Common Lisp .
This allowed Lisp programmers to gain actual experience with the facilities it provided before it was officially incorporated into the language .
Whatever new paradigm comes down the pike next , it 's extremely likely that Common Lisp will be able to absorb it without requiring any changes to the core language .
For example , a Lisper has recently written a library , AspectL , that adds support for aspect - oriented programming ( AOP ) to Common Lisp .5
If AOP turns out to be the next big thing , Common Lisp will be able to support it without any changes to the base language and without extra preprocessors and extra compilers .
6
Where It Began
Common Lisp is the modern descendant of the Lisp language first conceived by John McCarthy in 1956 .
Lisp circa 1956 was designed for " symbolic data processing " 7 and derived its name from one of the things it was quite good at : LISt Processing .
We 've come a long way since then : Common Lisp sports as fine an array of modern data types as you can ask for : a condition system that , as you 'll see in Chapter 19 , provides a whole level of flexibility missing from the exception systems of languages such as Java , Python , and C++ ; powerful facilities for doing object - oriented programming ; and several language facilities that just do n't exist in other programming languages .
How is this possible ?
What on Earth would provoke the evolution of such a well - equipped language ?
Well , McCarthy was ( and still is ) an artificial intelligence ( AI ) researcher , and many of the features he built into his initial version of the language made it an excellent language for AI programming .
During the AI boom of the 1980s , Lisp remained a favorite tool for programmers writing software to solve hard problems such as automated theorem proving , planning and scheduling , and computer vision .
These were problems that required a lot of hard - to - write software ; to make a dent in them , AI programmers needed a powerful language , and they grew Lisp into the language they needed .
And the Cold War helped -- as the Pentagon poured money into the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency ( DARPA ) , a lot of it went to folks working on problems such as large - scale battlefield simulations , automated planning , and natural language interfaces .
These folks also used Lisp and continued pushing it to do what they needed .
The same forces that drove Lisp 's feature evolution also pushed the envelope along other dimensions -- big AI problems eat up a lot of computing resources however you code them , and if you run Moore 's law in reverse for 20 years , you can imagine how scarce computing resources were on circa - 80s hardware .
The Lisp guys had to find all kinds of ways to squeeze performance out of their implementations .
Modern Common
Lisp implementations are the heirs to those early efforts and often include quite sophisticated , native machine code - generating compilers .
While today , thanks to Moore 's law , it 's possible to get usable performance from a purely interpreted language , that 's no longer an issue for Common Lisp .
As I 'll show in Chapter 32 , with proper ( optional ) declarations , a good Lisp compiler can generate machine code quite similar to what might be generated by a C compiler .
The 1980s were also the era of the Lisp Machines , with several companies , most famously Symbolics , producing computers that ran Lisp natively from the chips up .
Thus , Lisp became a systems programming language , used for writing the operating system , editors , compilers , and pretty much everything else that ran on the Lisp Machines .
In fact , by the early 1980s , with various AI labs and the Lisp machine vendors all providing their own Lisp implementations , there was such a proliferation of Lisp systems and dialects that the folks at DARPA began to express concern about the Lisp community splintering .
To address this concern , a grassroots group of Lisp hackers got together in 1981 and began the process of standardizing a new language called Common Lisp that combined the best features from the existing Lisp dialects .
Their work was documented in the book Common Lisp the Language by Guy Steele ( Digital Press , 1984 ) -- CLtL to the Lisp - cognoscenti .
By 1986 the first Common Lisp implementations were available , and the writing was on the wall for the dialects it was intended to replace .
In 1996 , the American National Standards Institute ( ANSI ) released a standard for Common Lisp that built on and extended the language specified in CLtL , adding some major new features such as the CLOS and the condition system .
And even that was n't the last word : like CLtL before it , the ANSI standard intentionally leaves room for implementers to experiment with the best way to do things : a full Lisp implementation provides a rich runtime environment with access to GUI widgets , multiple threads of control , TCP / IP sockets , and more .
These days Common Lisp is evolving much like other open - source languages -- the folks who use it write the libraries they need and often make them available to others .
In the last few years , in particular , there has been a spurt of activity in open - source Lisp libraries .
So , on one hand , Lisp is one of computer science 's " classical " languages , based on ideas that have stood the test of time .
8
On the other , it 's a thoroughly modern , general - purpose language whose design reflects a deeply pragmatic approach to solving real problems as efficiently and robustly as possible .
The only downside of Lisp 's " classical " heritage is that lots of folks are still walking around with ideas about Lisp based on some particular flavor of Lisp they were exposed to at some particular time in the nearly half century since McCarthy invented Lisp .
If someone tells you Lisp is only interpreted , that it 's slow , or that you have to use recursion for everything , ask them what dialect of Lisp they 're talking about and whether people were wearing bell - bottoms when they learned it.9
But I learned Lisp Once , And IT Was n't Like what you 're describing
If you 've used Lisp in the past , you may have ideas about what " Lisp " is that have little to do with Common Lisp .
While Common Lisp supplanted most of the dialects it 's descended from , it is n't the only remaining Lisp dialect , and depending on where and when you were exposed to Lisp , you may very well have learned one of these other dialects .
Other than Common Lisp , the one general - purpose Lisp dialect that still has an active user community is Scheme .
Common Lisp borrowed a few important features from Scheme but never intended to replace it .
Originally designed at M.I.T. , where it was quickly put to use as a teaching language for undergraduate computer science courses , Scheme has always been aimed at a different language niche than Common Lisp .
In particular , Scheme 's designers have focused on keeping the core language as small and as simple as possible .
This has obvious benefits for a teaching language and also for programming language researchers who like to be able to formally prove things about languages .
It also has the benefit of making it relatively easy to understand the whole language as specified in the standard .
But , it does so at the cost of omitting many useful features that are standardized in Common Lisp .
Individual Scheme implementations may provide these features in implementation - specific ways , but their omission from the standard makes it harder to write portable Scheme code than to write portable Common Lisp code .
Scheme also emphasizes a functional programming style and the use of recursion much more than Common Lisp does .
If you studied Lisp in college and came away with the impression that it was only an academic language with no real - world application , chances are you learned Scheme .
This is n't to say that 's a particularly fair characterization of Scheme , but it 's even less applicable to Common Lisp , which was expressly designed to be a real - world engineering language rather than a theoretically " pure " language .
If you 've learned Scheme , you should also be aware that a number of subtle differences between Scheme and Common Lisp may trip you up .
These differences are also the basis for several perennial religious wars between the hotheads in the Common Lisp and Scheme communities .
I 'll try to point out some of the more important differences as we go along .
Two other Lisp dialects still in widespread use are Elisp , the extension language for the Emacs editor , and Autolisp , the extension language for Autodesk 's AutoCAD computer - aided design tool .
Although it 's possible more lines of Elisp and Autolisp have been written than of any other dialect of Lisp , neither can be used outside their host application , and both are quite old - fashioned Lisps compared to either Scheme or Common Lisp .
If you 've used one of these dialects , prepare to hop in the Lisp time machine and jump forward several decades .
Who This Book Is For
This book is for you if you 're curious about Common Lisp , regardless of whether you 're already convinced you want to use it or if you just want to know what all the fuss is about .
If you 've learned some Lisp already but have had trouble making the leap from academic exercises to real programs , this book should get you on your way .
On the other hand , you do n't have to be already convinced that you want to use Lisp to get something out of this book .
If you 're a hard - nosed pragmatist who wants to know what advantages Common Lisp has over languages such as Perl , Python , Java , C , or C# , this book should give you some ideas .
Or maybe you do n't even care about using Lisp - - maybe you 're already sure Lisp is n't really any better than other languages you know but are annoyed by some Lisper telling you that 's because you just do n't " get it . "
If so , this book will give you a straight - to - the - point introduction to Common Lisp .
If , after reading this book , you still think Common Lisp is no better than your current favorite languages , you 'll be in an excellent position to explain exactly why .
I cover not only the syntax and semantics of the language but also how you can use it to write software that does useful stuff .
In the first part of the book , I 'll cover the language itself , mixing in a few " practical " chapters , where I 'll show you how to write real code .
Then , after I 've covered most of the language , including several parts that other books leave for you to figure out on your own , the remainder of the book consists of nine more practical chapters where I 'll help you write several medium - sized programs that actually do things you might find useful : filter spam , parse binary files , catalog MP3s , stream MP3s over a network , and provide a Web interface for the MP3 catalog and server .
After you finish this book , you 'll be familiar with all the most important features of the language and how they fit together , you 'll have used Common Lisp to write several nontrivial programs , and you 'll be well prepared to continue exploring the language on your own .
While everyone 's road to Lisp is different , I hope this book will help smooth the way for you .
So , let 's begin .
By now if you ’re a web afficianado you ’d know that Google News is out of beta .
Big deal .
The real meat in this story is Google ’s launch of a personalised news service , which it seems the company has been waiting to complete before it ripped up the beta sticker .
As I mentioned in a previous post , we ’re building a content aggregator as our very first “ labs ” project so I ’ve spent a lot of time analysing what I feel are the strengths and weaknesses of the various aggregators out there .
So where do I see Google News and what impact will its new recommendation make ?
I use Google News every day .
MediaConnects produce a daily column each day in which we analyse the day ’s Australian tech media coverage , giving credit to journos for breaking news stories .
A Google News search is invaluable for us in terms of trying to determine if a story was exclusive , how it might have been sourced and who broke the story first .
For me , that ’s always been the power of the service – searching .
It ’s a great “ journal of record ” but I tried using Google News as a gatekeeper for barely a day before giving up on it .
The fundamental flaw with Google News is that its based primarily on clustering , not ranking .
It ’s ability to rate a story is limited to analysing how many times a particular story is reported .
So it has enough intelligence to pick out the most reported story .
Woop - de - doop .
That ’s equates to almost zero value add because by the time a story makes it to prominence on Google News , it ’s already been reported by every man and its dog and subsequently Google News can only ever be a follower .
Can you imagine a newspaper editor saying “ I ’ve got this really great concept .
We ’re going to concentrate on reporting all the news , that everybody else has already reported ! ”
At best , the Google News news pages serves a purpose as a backup source , enabling a reader to ensure they have n’t missed any big news stories .
Again , there ’s that journal of record aspect .
The other related flaw with Google News is it has no ability to rate stories within a cluster .
So where memeorandum gains the intelligence of ranking stories in a thread , by looking at the number of links a post receives , Google News has no such intelligence .
I presume it makes a decision based on how long ago a story was posted and by the credibility of its various news sources it tracks .
Hardly , a sophisticated way of picking out the best coverage of a particular story .
Now Google is also recommending news stories based on your search history .
So how does this change the game for Google ?
It improves the service in one manner .
Google News has large overarching topics which are really too broad to be of any use as an aggregator .
So at least , you ’ll be able to keep tabs on narrow subject areas .
However , Google ’s got a better killer app here .
It ’s Google News Alert .
I subscribe to all stories related to the football team I follow and have those emailed to me .
The value - add here is that I ’m alerted to new stories even if I ’m not checking the web or my newsfeeds .
The problem for Google News is the flaws I ’ve already outlined , are only exacerbated when it comes to the effectiveness of its recommendation engine .
According to the Google News help page , ( hat tip to Search Engine Watch ) this is how the recommendation service works .
By signing in to personalized news and keeping Personalized Search enabled , you allow Google to track and save your news selections .
Then , Google News can automatically recommend relevant stories just for you by using smart algorithms that analyze your selections .
The algorithms compare your tastes to the aggregate tastes of other groups of similar Google News users .
Simply put , we recommend news stories to you that have been read by many other users who ’ve also read similar stories as you in the past .
So you get served up other popular stories .
But chances are , a story is only popular because Google ’s flawed rating system has put it there in the first place .
It ’s very much a case of the blind leading the blind .
I ’d be very surprised if the people behind today ’s leading aggregators are shaking in their boots over these latest developments .
Google News will always have its place and the fact that its a Google product means it will always be an influential aggregator .
However , as a gatekeeper that points people to new , interesting content , I ’m afraid it needs a fundamental redevelopment .
That ’s highly unlikely based on the fact the service is now out of beta .
So content aggregators rejoice .
Squash ’s bet is that this is one corner of the Internet that Google wo n’t be dominating anytime soon .
Economics and similar , for the sleep - deprived A subtle change has been made to the comments links , so they no longer pop up .
Does this in any way help with the problem about comments not appearing on permalinked posts , readers ?
Update : seemingly not
Update : Oh yeah !
Friday , December 23 , 2005
Bizarro World update
I pass on without comment the fact that Mr Oliver Kamm has written the following paragraph by way of a defence of his book against charges of having a " college debating style " :
Perhaps I could provide for your readers a summary of the thesis that Heartfield declines to divulge .
My aim in the book is to defend the Blair - Bush strategy of promoting global democracy , trace its antecedents in left - wing debates about foreign policy , and identify the distinctive contribution that progressives can make to an internationalist coalition .
Heartfield maintains that the case for liberal interventionism founders on " all the repulsive details of waging war " .
Understandably , given that his argument has so obvious and comprehensive a historical refutation ( but let us return to Bosnia later ) , he quickly resorts to the non sequitur of disputing my leftist credentials .
He is so determined on this conclusion ( and , given the paucity of his other material , tied to it ) , that he flagrantly misrepresents my argument in order to derive it .
If you like this paragraph he has more .
Ho ho ho , god bless us all , but particularly me .
this item posted by the management
12/23/2005 03:13:00 AM
Bizarre policy discussions I have on a surprisingly regular basis
( here and here for example , though more frequently in real life ) .
DD : I see you are shooting your gob off about bringing back grammar schools .
Straw Man Opponent [ 1 ] : Yes I am .
DD : How strange ; previously I had heard you claim you were a socialist .
SMO : Grammar schools are a profoundly egalitarian policy and only the middle classes oppose them .
DD : Do go on ...
SMO : Well , if we do n't have grammar schools then the best education goes to rich kids , either through private education or because of selection by house prices .
That means that bright kids from the working class end up in sink schools and can't go to Oxford .
DD : There are a number of empirical claims there which I do n't necessarily agree with but do go on .
SMO : Whereas if we brought back the 11 plus , there would be loads of grammar schools which could compete with the private schools and the bright kids with poor parents would get a really great education .
DD : What about the other kids ?
Specifically , what about those kids with poor parents who would not be able to pass the 11 plus .
Tt would at least appear at first glance that this group , in which I suspect there would be quite a few members of the working class , would be getting a somewhat worse education than they do today under your proposal .
SMO : The thickies ?
Fuck 'em .
I really do n't feel the need to read Michael Young 's " The Rise of the Meritocracy " .
I 've been living it for the last fifteen years .
[ 1 ] Although Nick Cohen actually believes all of this ( or at least he writes that he does in his Evening Standard column ; there must be at least a weak relationship ) .
Update : oh yeh , happy Christmas .
this item posted by the management
12/23/2005 01:04:00 AM
Saturday , December 17 , 2005
Not me , guv
The " Daniel Davies " who has a letter in the Weekend Guardian talking smack about the Zoe Williams column is n't me .
I do n't think it 's the journalist on the Western Mail or Danimal either .
There must be a fourth one .
To be honest neither " Daniel " nor " Davies " are particularly uncommon names so this sort of thing is bound to happen from time to time .
Btw , if you are on the lookout for a heavy metal drummer , I 've got Danimal 's demo CD and in my opinion it is distinctly better than workmanlike .
I am not particularly a fan of that big double - bass - drum Lars Ulrich style but Danimal pulls it off better than most .
Daniel Davies ' feature articles for the Western Mail are pretty good too although probably not worth buying the paper for specially if you do n't live in Wales .
this item posted by the management
12/17/2005 04:53:00 PM
Tuesday , December 13 , 2005
Just Your Neighbourhood PC on the beat
Oh yeh , comments repository .
Here I am , defending the gauleiters of Political Correctness in their attempt to censor Lynette Burrows on Radio Five Live ( official D^2D position statement : Q : Are the fascists trying to silence radio phone ins ?
A : Not nearly hard enough ) .
At Stumbling & Mumbling and at the Tim Worstall site ( where I also throw in an unrelated dig at the theory of law enforcement which holds that everything the police do is a waste of time unless they are walking round in circles ) .
this item posted by the management
12/13/2005 09:47:00 AM
I 'll be on the streets of Tottenham with my penis out tonight
Apparently future historians will not , after all , be dating the inevitable decline of Harry 's Place / Little Green Soccer Balls into something worse than parody from the day that they banned me .
For one thing , I have apparently been unbanned ( for the next five minutes anyway ) .
For another , they have posted this , which I have to admit is going to make a much more obvious starting point .
I think it marks the precise crossover point at which the site becomes an embarrassment to the comments boxes rather than ( as it always was historically ) vice versa .
this item posted by the management
12/13/2005 09:13:00 AM
Monday , December 12 , 2005
Oop , and another one
Also if you 're writing about the optimistic prospects for Iraq this week , the phrase " Concorde Fallacy " might come in handy .
It has two meanings .
One is just an evocative name for the sunk cost fallacy ; the idea that already having spent a lot of money on a bad idea is a good reason for spending even more .
The other is the sense that I prefer to use , although Google reveals that it is less popular .
In my mind , the " Concorde Fallacy " was the strange beatific feeling that one used to get while lying on the grass on a summer 's day , watching the beautiful shape of Concorde flying overhead , and creating a bright clear space of about a millisecond in which you could almost believe that it was n't a horrendous waste of money .
I suspect that as we see the dawn of Iraqi democracy next week there will be a fair few Concorde moments .
this item posted by the management
12/12/2005 05:01:00 AM
Assorted Iraq pre-elections talking points
As a service to my friends in the journalistic community , a selection of half - baked ideas that could probably be spun out to half an opinion column .
If you steal one , send me an email .
Posted here rather than on Crooked Timber because I have a cold and can't be bothered writing it properly .
Four days ahead of the elections , there is decent reason for optimism from the Oxford Research International poll of Iraqi opinion .
I 'm sure that much will be made of the fact that the poll was nearly called off because of security problems , but I do n't think this is a valid criticism to make of the survey � the fact that it was difficult to do does n't change its findings and ORI are too reputable to put their name to a poll if the security problems had seriously compromised its validity .
And the results are not too bad ; Iraq is still not a place where I personally would choose to live but 76 % of Iraqis expect a stable government to arise from the elections 57 % are broadly in favour of democratic government and a bare majority ( 53 % ) are " confident " in the existing national government .
This is n't the sort of thing you 'd expect from a country heading for meltdown and thus it is my opinion that Iraq wo n't .
Below , a few comments on my interpretation of what this might mean for the future , and for an assessment of the costs and benefits of the whole exercise .
They do n't appear to have published the full poll results yet , so these numbers are scrounged together from newspaper reports .
It is a bit worrying that so many Iraqis want a " strong leader " , because a military coup d'etat ( de jure or de facto ) is always a risk in an unstable country .
I 've always said that the real problem for the coalition forces in training the army is that it needs to be strong enough to do its job , but not strong enough to be a political power and there is a risk that this balance wo n't have been achieved .
The Army has 67 % confidence versus 53 % for the government , although I doubt that one would get a particularly different figure for the USA .
The Kurds are the big beneficiaries of the invasion .
They have a pretty good position in the federal government , as shown by the fact that in the regional breakdowns , the region " North " is the most optimistic of the lot about everything .
On the possibility of seccession , reality has begun to strike home with regard to the possibility of their being allowed to ethnically cleanse the Sunnis out of Kirkuk .
In any case , the idea of creating an independent Kurdistan out of Northern Iraq is unlikely to seem attractive unless Turkey could be induced to give up some of its Kurdish areas and it can't .
So the status quo is going to seem like the best alternative , with ( by and large ) the PUK in government and ( by and large ) the PKK continuing low - level terrorist activity .
It seems pretty clear that the centre of Iraq - the belt across Anbar and Salah - ed - Din governorates containing Fallujah , Samarra and Ramadi � is bandit country .
The Iraqi government has far , far less effective control over this part of the country than the UK government had over South Armagh in the 1970s and 1980s , and as a result it will continue to be a hideout and training ground for local terrorists and visiting Al - Quaeda jihadis .
Note that the Northern Ireland analogy suggests that whatever success or failure the Iraqi " security forces " have it is unlikely to make a difference to the hospitality of Anbar to terrorists .
Even if the Iraqi government manage to train up their security forces to the standards of the Special Air Service , see how much good that did the UK in Northern Ireland .
So one key rationale for invading � that the bringing of democracy to Iraq would make us safer � appears to have been falsified .
In order to bring democracy to Iraq , we first had to turn it into a completely failed state , and a consequence of that is that we have created a terrorist heartland which is no less convenient to jihadis than Taliban - era Afghanistan and which it will be very politically difficult for us to bomb because to do so would be to admit that the Iraqi government is not actually in control of its territory [ 1 ] .
I would surmise that the big divide that the survey found between Shia and Sunni views of life in Iraq is being driven to a great degree by Anbar governorate � apparently , although a majority of Iraqis ( 53 % ) think that the invasion was " not a good thing for Iraq " , this rises to 99 % in Anbar province .
If we 're hoping to build on our one per cent support there , by the way , we 've got an uphill struggle ; confidence in the occupying troops is zero per cent in Anbar .
The overall optimism of the Iraqis and their trust in the government as an institution ( although not its politicians ) is a good thing .
It suggests that there is n't very much genuine support for the insurgents .
Obviously the insurgents must have some popular support because otherwise they would n't operate , but if the bulk of the Iraqi population is n't on their side even now , with widely disliked foreign troops on the ground , their support will most likely melt away once the troops leave .
In particular , it seems unlikely to me that the insurgents will be able to carry out carbombings and suicide bombings in and around Baghdad ; I would guess that the hard - core jihadis will retreat to Anbar and Salah - ed - Din to help train foreigners for terrorist attacks outside Iraq , while the criminal element will hang around kidnapping people for money on the Colombian model , and most likely sending some of the proceeds to fund the terrorists .
It also looks very much as if Basrah , Missan and Dhi Quar governorates ( the " Shia South " ) are being effectively Finlandised by Iran .
It 's not too much of an exaggeration to say that the net result of coalition policy in these regions has been to make Iraq safe for burqas and stonings .
I do n't believe that these regions are going to fall directly under the sway of Iran in the same way that Lebanon was occupied by Syria , because there is too much of a nationalist element to the Sadrist movement .
But they are unlikely to agree to anything which interferes with the ability of the Shia militias to enforce sharia law ( with or without the help of the legal system ) , and they are likely to be partisans of Iranian influence in the Iraqi government because anything which works for a strong Iran , in the near term at least , is good for them .
On the other hand , for the population of the remainder of Iraq ( which includes Baghdad so it 's not at all insignificant ) , there is some prospect of real democracy , which should not be ignored ( like the real improvements that there have been in Afghanistan ) .
They will have the opportunity to take part in something approaching normal political life , and the electrical shortages , raised infant death rates and other factors which are currently causing them to say that life is worse than it was under Saddam ( which I do n't actually believe ) will pass .
There does n't look like being enough genuine ethnic tension to fuel a civil war ( caveat ; there never does � ) , so my guess is that withdrawing the troops soonish would be a net benefit rather than a net cost .
So , it looks like the end result of our invasion will be ; we have brought freedom to about a third of the Iraqi population , at ludicrous cost in terms of money and innocent lives .
We have liberated the Kurds ( the Iraqi Kurds that is ) and created a near - permanent training camp for terrorists .
We have made ourselves much less safe and increased the number of people in the world who live under sharia law .
The Henry Jackson Society apparently believe that we will make ourselves safe in the global war on Islamic totalitarianism by carrying out similar escapades all over the Middle East ; I have to say that currently my question to them is What do you think of the show so far ?
[ 1 ] I suppose we could engineer it so that they " requested " our support in bombing terrorist bases , but this itself is hardly likely to be completely straightforward and risk - free .
this item posted by the management
12/12/2005 04:58:00 AM
Friday , December 09 , 2005
If this is normal science I want my old job back
This also " not part of the proper Steven Levitt series " , although it anticipates a couple of things from Part 3 .
It 's basically an expanded version of this comment on the Brad DeLong site .
Basically , I do not at all like what Levitt is doing on the issue of the challenge to the " More Abortions , Less Crime " thesis in chapter 4 of Freakonomics , and the controversy which has erupted over it since the Foote and Goetz working paper discussed below .
Basically , Levitt has a response up now .
He goes hands - up on the programming error , but fights back by making a number of corrections to the underlying abortion data series and says that the key result is still there if you make these corrections .
Brad Delong describes this as " normal science " , presumably in the Kuhnian sense , but I think it 's something a bit worse .
Yes , thanks , I am aware that by entering the lists in this way I have become an ally of Steven Sailer , the noted film critic and race nut , but there you go .
Here are my specific comments in ascending order of seriousness :
1 . I think that the decision to use an instrumental variables approach to allow for measurement error in the Alan Gutmacher Institute abortion survey data is possibly wrong and underjustified ( I had to look this up because my recollection of the way you use IV to deal with measurement error is just pathetic ; thanks to Ragout in Tim Lambert 's comments for helping me out .
God this is turning into an incestuous blog project , it reminds me of the Lancet study community ) .
The issue is that if there are measurement errors in the AG data , then the residuals in the regression will be correlated with one of the regressors ( because the left hand side is determined by the true relationship , so big residuals will be correlated with big measurement errors on the right - hand side variable ) .
This tends to bias down your estimates of the regression coefficients , so making you more likely to find things not to be significant when they are . [ 1 ] .
On the other hand , if you 're using IV estimation ( whereby you replace the series with measurement error by a proxy constructed from other series ; this tends to inflate the residuals but takes away the correlation with the right hand side ) , then the series you use to construct your instrument must n't be themselves correlated with the measurement error on the original series .
If they are , then you 're going to introduce a negative correlation and your will tend to bias your estimates in the opposite direction , making you more likely to find things to be significant when they are not . [ 2 ] .
It might be the case that there is good reason to believe that Levitt 's proxy for the AG data from a similar series compiled by the CDC has measurement errors which are not correlated with the measurement errors on the AG data but this ought to have been discussed .
I do n't like it when people bring in IV estimation with no discussion of why they 're sure that their instrument is valid .
This is a venial rather than a mortal sin , but Levitt has a chronic case of it ; a lot of his work seems to rely on a kind of " gee whiz what an original idea " when coming up with off - the - wall ideas to find measurable proxies for things , rather than explaining in detail why the proxy is valid .
2 . On a simple point of fact , the fourth column of row three of the table displaying Levitt 's revised results does not show a significant effect .
This is the column using the correctly programmed interaction effects and IV estimation ( I think it 's also using the processed data series but it might not be ) , so in a sense it 's the end of the " improvement " process that 's been carried out .
This is n't mentioned in the text summarizing the table ; again a presentational matter rather than anything else , but irksome .
3 . Finally and most importantly , this is about as far from a double blind trial as you can get .
I 've written in the past about the perils of data mining in econometrics , and to be honest , all that is lacking in the series of changes to the data and the model that the Freakonomics blog presents is a phalanx of dwarves singing " Hi Ho , Hi Ho , It 's Off To Data - Mine We Go " .
What has happened here is that Levitt and his research assistant have sat down in the knowledge that a perturbation to their model does n't deliver their result , and decided to have a think about what kinds of alterations to the data ought to be made .
You do n't need to suggest any intentional dishonesty to say that it is somewhat unsurprising that the outcome of the brainstorming session on " What sort of changes ought one to make to this data , in an ideal world ? " was a dataset and model in which the result that Levitt is famous for was present .
Even if Levitt and Ethan Lieber had sat down at a table with no computer on it , starting with a blank sheet to discuss the changes to make and not touching the model until they had finished , I would still guess that it would be the easiest thing in the world for someone who was intimately familiar with the dataset to subconsciously put his thumb on the scales .
And I do n't think this is what they did ; colour me cynical but I would bet quids that lots and lots of iterations of different possible changes to the data were tried .
I note once more that there is no accusation of intentionally cooking the books here ; medical science certainly does n't insist on double blind trials to protect them from unscrupulous doctors .
I think that there 's a general issue here which is endemic to the territory that Levitt chooses to operate in .
By their nature , political debates are debates .
One side produces arguments , the other side produces counterarguments and so on , so iteratively .
This is an environment which is absolutely poisonous to datasets .
By the time you 've been through two or three iterations of a " controversy " like this it's more or less impossible to pick a model without failing even the most homeopathically weak version imaginable of a double blind criterion .
This is why I now say that we 're simply never going to know the truth ( by which I mean , even the simple statistical truth about the existence of a comovement , much less the truth about the underlying causal hypothesis ) about abortion and crime in the period 1976 - 2000 .
Stick a fork in this dataset , it 's done .
I think it 's bad for economics and statistics as a science to start acquiring the habits of thought that are prevalent in these debates ( more , much more , on this in the long awaited Part Three ) .
I also think it 's bad for politics to have one side of any debate trying to give their case the imprimateur of objective science in exactly the way that Freakonomics does all the time with its " morality is concerned with what should be the case ; economics is concerned with what actually is the case " schtick [ 3 ] .
When your response to a measured , polite working paper is to nip off to the data mines with your research assistant and write a blog post entitled " Back to the drawing board for our latest critics �and also the Wall Street Journal and ( Oops ! ) the Economist . " , then what you 're doing is n't " normal science " .
It 's normal politics .
[ 1 ]
By the way , there is nothing wrong with the English phrases " making you more likely to find things not to be significant than they are " or " making you more likely to find things to be significant when they are not " , so can we just give up on trying to remember which is a Type I and which is a Type II error , pretty please ?
[ 2 ]
As I say , my recollection of this stuff is terrible .
When you do IV estimation in econometrics you are usually doing so because of a different problem ( endogeneity ) and I have never in my life taken seriously the possibility of measurement error in the series I was using ( professional deformation ) .
What I am saying here is that this bit might be wrong , I am staking about a farthing 's worth of credibility on it being right and if you want to correct me go for it in the comments .
[ 3 ]
By this I mean something quite different from claiming that political debates should n't be informed by scientific facts , or that social scientists should n't get involved in doing work on important topics that they care about ; my defence of the Lancet Report on Iraq would look pretty odd if this was what I believed .
It 's something close to the Humean point about reason being the slave of the passions ; scientists ought to be ( when they are acting as scientists that is ; they can do what they like when they take part in the debate as citizens ) simply bringing their best estimate of the facts of the case before the people who decide what to do about those facts .
And scientists should n't data - dredge , either , of course .
this item posted by the management
12/09/2005 09:30:00 AM
Wednesday , December 07 , 2005
In which , the benighted Davies attempts to explain feminism to women and they thank him for it
A thought that has been on my mind ( look , you might as well get used to it .
I 'm never going to do that fucking Steven Levitt series .
I have even thought of another thing that I have to do after this one before I get back to it .
Sorry and all that ) .
I was reading a few newspaper articles about Ariel Levy 's new book about " Female Chauvinist Pigs " ( all about how despite what they say in press releases , the makers of the " Girls Gone Wild " series of videos care less than they say they do about the empowerment of female sexuality ) .
I 've been thinking about the question of " sex positive feminism " for a while ( here are a couple of my contributions to the " LBO - talk Sex Positive Feminism Wars " , as if you give a shit ) .
My thoughts were kind of crystallized by the rather excellent " Bitch Lab " blog , which I will add to my small but exclusive link list some time in the near future .
Anyway , I 've sort of changed my mind .
If you look at the links above , you 'll see that my default position is that I have historically regarded " sex positive feminism " as basically a joke ; a bad - faith attempt to bring the cause of women 's liberation into the service of supporting planning applications for strip clubs .
I still think that there is a lot of this sort of thing out there ; enough that any particular piece of " pro-sex , porn - friendly feminist " literature ought not to be given the benefit of the doubt .
But on the other hand ( and it is always a good idea to change hands once in a while ) , a historical analogy convinces me that there is probably more to it than that .
I think it was Evelyn Waugh , but it might have been someone else who raised an interesting question about the decline of dueling .
In the eighteenth century , if someone challenged you to a duel , it was a deadly serious matter ; you might try to get out of fighting the duel , and dueling was certainly illegal , but duels of honour were in general taken very seriously .
By the twentieth century , if someone tried to challenge you to a duel , you would laugh it off ; some people might still be trying to fight duels of honour ( I think that there are some German secret societies that still do ) but it was basically a concept that had gone into abeyance .
Waugh 's point was that this meant that for much of the nineteenth century , the institution of dueling must have been in a strange sort of limbo ; that if someone challenged you to a duel you would n't necessarily have been certain what the deal was ; whether this was a highly serious thing which had to be met on the field of honour , or whether someone was just being an arse .
I think something similar is going on in human sexuality , in what we might for want of a better term refer to as the " sexual revolution " ( there should probably be some capitals there but I find it sufficiently embarrassing to type the phrase in lowercase , thanks ) .
We know that , at some point in the past , there was all sorts of taboos about sexuality , particularly female sexuality and they were taken very , very seriously indeed .
We can also reasonably expect that there will be some future state in which there are no such taboos , that terms like " slut " will be regarded as basically meaningless archaisms , and that all forms of interaction between the sexes , including commercial transactions involving sexual intercourse , will be dealt with in a matter - of - fact , adult way between equals .
Many people ( at least partly including me ) might think that in this future state something will have been lost in terms of mystery and romance , but many people no doubt felt the same about dueling and it did n't do much to save dueling .
It 's as well not to be too sentimental about these things .
So that 's my new view .
I still think that there are a lot of actually existing sex - positive feminists who are either acting in bad faith , kidding themselves or just showing off for the sake of it , but as a movement it 's clearly on the right side of history .
And if you do n't agree , then you can slap me in the face with a glove and see what happens .
this item posted by the management
12/07/2005 08:28:00 AM
Monday , December 05 , 2005
Tomorrow 's headlines today
A chance to read a small book token prize !
As you might or might not know , the kind of British political commentator who can see nothing good in state schools , has been all over the recent report recommending the teaching of synthetic phonics , and nothing but synthetic phonics in our schools .
I am quite prepared to believe that if the research says so , then synthetic phonics is quite likely the best way of teaching children who cannot read to read [ 1 ] .
However , lots of children can read by the time they rock up at primary school at the age of 5 .
I could and I 'm not unusual .
( By the way ; I learned how to read from the Janet and John books , which I suspect were not based on synthetic phonics [ 2 ] ) .
Now there are an awful lot of very stupid people in primary education , and they do stupid things .
In particular , I would bet decent money that at least one or two infants teachers in the UK , once this synthetic phonics program has been rolled out nationwide , who will be daft enough to insist that the kids who can already read to a perfectly decent standard [ 3 ] , have to sit along with the rest of the class and learn phonics .
Furthermore , since there is a sizeable minority of primary school teachers who are bloody - minded and nasty as well as being stupid ( email me for a list of names ) , I would bet decent money that there will be a fair few who are prepared to actually confiscate Janet & John books and forbid their owners from reading them , in order to make them concentrate on their synthetic phonics .
Therefore , the book token prize goes to the first reader who spots a story in the Telegraph castigating the political correctness gone mad of the trendy lefty teachers who are obsessed with forcing socialist modern synthetic phonics down kids throats when every fule kno that the best way to teach kids to read is with the good old fashioned Janet and John books .
I doubt you will have to wait more than a year or two to claim the prize .
[ 1 ] or at least , to teach children who cannot read , to identify lists of words , which is not actually the same thing as " reading " and I have seen enough of the business school literature on perverse metrics to suspect that the difference might be important .
[ 2 ] good luck teaching your kid to read the phrase " synthetic phonics " , by the way , whatever method you use
[ 3 ] by the way there is no evidence at all that they gain any long term educational advantage from doing so
this item posted by the management
12/05/2005 08:09:00 AM
Friday , December 02 , 2005
Not part of the proper Freakonomics series
But , casting my eye over the Freakonomics blog , I see Levitt 's defence of his abortions ' n ' crime piece .
I have to say that there is quite a lot in it that looks very weaselly indeed .
In particular this para which is Levitt 's main response to date :
3 ) Only when you make other changes to the specification that Foote and Goetz think are appropriate , do the results weaken further and in some cases disappear .
The part of the paper that Foote and Goetz focus on is one that is incredibly demanding of the data .
For those of you who are technically minded , our results survive if you include state * age interactions , year * age interactions , and state * year interactions .
( We can include all these interactions because we have arrest data by state and single year of age . )
Given how imperfect the abortion data are , I think most economists would be shocked that our results stand up to removing all of this variation , not that when you go even further in terms of demands on the data things get very weak .
Foote and Goetz 's main point in their paper is that Levitt & Donohue 's abortions ' n ' crime study did not use per capita arrest data , and thus that the abortion - influenced cohorts had a lower number of arrests simply because they were smaller .
This is not a technical criticism , it does n't have anything to do with interaction effects and it's not " demanding on the data " ( it 's demanding of good data on state - level population , which is a problem , but that 's a different issue )
I have to say that the actual substance of Foote and Goetz 's criticism is not at all well summarised by that paragraph .
I always get a sinking feeling when I see someone trying to concentrate attention on tangential points .
this item posted by the management
12/02/2005 09:06:00 AM
Washington D.C. – President Bush announced that by 2008 all government computers should be protected from outside attacks by the faith - based firewall called Protection From Above ( PFA ) from Houston - based software developer Christisoft .
" For too long we have turned to proven software companies with expertise in computer security for protection , now our computers will be protected by the power of prayer at a much lower cost to taxpayers , " said Bush .
Estimates show the US government spent $ 1.2 billion dollars to secure their computer systems at various agencies , which many Republicans think is an indulgence the government can't afford .
" With the faith - based firewall and other faith - based security software from Christisoft we could save billions over the next ten years .
That 's money that can be returned to the most generous of taxpayers , " said the President .
Bush also cited doubts about the efficacy " of science - based computer security " though he did n't use that word exactly .
The software requires no installation or maintenance fees , but only a onetime registration fee for unlimited computers .
Joel Osgood , founder of Christisoft , said , " With the one time registration fee , a company 's entire network of computers joins our network of computer security prayer specialists .
The power of prayer can heal the soul and can also protect you from nasty denial of service attacks and viruses . "
Specialists in IT departments at various government agencies said they were n't contacted by the White House for any feedback on the system and they believe the President 's decision would be " disastrous " for computer security .
Related News Microsoft Obsecurity - World 's Most Secure Server FAQ Top 11 Reasons
You Have n't Patched IIS Yet Bush Unveils New Social Security Plan Osgood refuted critics who said prayer can't protect from cyberattacks by saying , " Computers are extremely complicated devices that mere humans could n't dream of understanding .
It takes the power of God to do that . "
Any security breaches in the PFA software are countered by a double - prayer guarantee .
Osgood said Christisoft 's customer list includes a Fortune 500 company currently being delisted from the New York Stock Exchange .
More Tech News Recommend this Story to a Friend
" This is a step of unparalleled magnitude in the recent history of Northern Ireland , " he said .
The statement by the IRA said that its leadership had " formally ordered an end to the armed campaign , " as the organization calls its military activities , which are described by supporters as armed struggle and by adversaries as terrorism .
The shift followed growing revulsion among its Catholic supporters , both here and in the United States , at the I.R.A.'s involvement in organized crime and , since Sept. 11 , at global terrorism .
" Our decisions have been taken to advance our republican and democratic objectives , including our goal of a united Ireland .
We believe there is now an alternative way to achieve this and to end British rule in our country , " the statement said , apparently referring to the advances of its Sinn Fein political arm in both Northern Ireland and the Irish Republic .
" All I.R.A. units have been ordered to dump arms , " said the statement , which was read on the DVD by a former I.R.A. prisoner , Seanna Walsh .
The statement also pledged " to complete the process to verifiably put its arms beyond use " - a reference to the I.R.A.'s reputedly vast hidden stockpiles of weapons .
The I.R.A. also invited two independent clerics , one Catholic , one Protestant , to " testify " to disarmament .
The statement did not say the I.R.A. was disbanding and did not refer specifically to the issue of crime by I.R.A. members , held responsible for a huge bank heist last December and a brutal barroom murder and cover - up in January .
Etikette Feintuning dringend vonnöten
Viele Menschen sind unsicher , wenn es um Umgangsformen mit Kollegen , Vorgesetzten und Geschäftspartnern geht .
Wer hält wem die Tür auf , wer zahlt im Restaurant , sind Handküsse noch üblich ?
Eine Umfrage unter Benimmexperten schafft Klarheit .
Many passengers are still waiting to get their luggage back
It said half of them were still piled up at airports waiting to be delivered back to their owners .
A war of words has erupted between BA and airport operator BAA over who is to blame for the misplaced luggage .
BA has cancelled 700 Heathrow flights since Thursday , after requirements to check in hand luggage caused delays .
It is considering seeking compensation from airport operator BAA .
' Unprecedented circumstance '
A friend of Tayib Rauf ( left ) released footage of him at the family business
BA boss Willie Walsh said BAA 's management had had " no adequate plan " to deal with the emergency .
The airline said : " We fully apologise that customers have not been able to travel with their baggage on certain flights throughout the past five days of unprecedented circumstances at Heathrow .
" This is due to a combination of issues with the BAA 's baggage systems which have all contributed to the situation . "
The BBC 's transport correspondent Tom Symonds said Heathrow's " fairly antiquated " baggage system had had to check in small items such as handbags and mobile phones that it could not easily handle .
Stephen Nelson , chief executive of BAA , apologised for problems with lost baggage but said it was not the time for " finger pointing " ,
It had been an " unprecedented circumstance " , he added .
Other airlines have not released figures for how much baggage they have to return to their passengers and will only say that their problems are not on the same scale as BA's .
' No plan '
All UK airports have now relaxed the restrictions on hand luggage introduced following Thursday 's terror alert .
Passengers had initially been banned from taking anything into aircraft cabins except travel documents , baby food and certain medicines , all of which had to be carried in clear plastic bags .
They are now allowed to carry on a small bag , but they are still not allowed to take in any liquids apart from baby milk , baby food and prescription medicines .
Passengers are warned this does not constitute a " return to normal " and they should still expect delays .
TUESDAY FLIGHT CANCELLATIONS
Heathrow - 47 flights , mostly BA , cancelled Stansted - 8 Ryanair flights cancelled Gatwick - 11 domestic
BA flights initially cancelled but re-instated at 1230 BST Airports including Birmingham , Newcastle , Manchester , Edinburgh and Glasgow reported as being mostly back to normal .
Returning to near - normality ' Nightmare of lost luggage '
BA says it is planning to operate 90 % of its schedule on Wednesday .
It plans to cancel three long - haul and 32 short - haul departures out of Heathrow from a typical daily schedule of about 280 departing flights .
The official terror threat to the UK was downgraded on Monday from " critical " to " severe " , meaning an attack is now considered highly likely but not imminent .
Twenty - four people remain in custody after another person was held under terror laws over the alleged plot on Tuesday .
And CCTV footage has emerged of one of the men being held , Tayib Rauf , at his father 's business hours before he was arrested .
It was released by one of his friends , who said it proved Mr Rauf was innocent of allegations .
Meanwhile , police are continuing to search woodland near High Wycombe .
Officers have also searched at two internet cafes 18 miles away in Slough .
Police said they had executed 46 warrants and were still working on 22 properties .
They had also searched 20 vehicles , they said .
One man was arrested in the Thames Valley area on Tuesday lunchtime , police said .
Meanwhile , an investigation has been launched after a 12 - year - old boy managed to board a plane at Gatwick without tickets during the security alert .
The boy , thought to have run away from a care home in Birkenhead , Merseyside , was heading to Lisbon and discovered on the flight before it took off on Monday morning .
Are you affected by the disruption ?
Have you been reunited with lost luggage ?
Has your flight been cancelled ?
Contact us using the form below :
Name
Your E-mail address
Town & Country
Phone number ( optional ) :
Comments
La empresa de vídeo - vigilancia Citywatcher.com , de Cincinnati ( Ohio ) , es la primera que ha empezado a utilizar los " chips " para controlar el acceso de sus empleados a las zonas de seguridad restringidas de la compañía .
Su presidente , Sean Darks , explicó cómo dos de sus empleados , que se presentaron como voluntarios , y él mismo , se han implantado un chip de silicio , que tiene el tamaño de un grano de arroz , se coloca dentro de la piel y funciona como una tarjeta de acceso a las áreas protegidas .
La implantación de los chips ha sido y seguirá siendo completamente voluntaria
" La implantación de los chips ha sido y seguirá siendo completamente voluntaria , así que no daña en absoluto el área privada de nuestra vida .
Para nosotros es una medida de seguridad muy eficaz " , se defendió Darks .
Estos circuitos son obra de la empresa VeriChip , filial de " Applied Digital Solutions " , de Palm Beach ( Florida ) , que en octubre de 2004 recibió el consentimiento por parte de la Dirección de Alimentos y Fármacos de Estados Unidos ( FDA ) para comercializar el producto .
John Procter , portavoz de " VeriChip " , explicó que la compañía trabaja fundamentalmente sobre dos aplicaciones de esta tecnología : para identificación , como en el caso de " Citywatcher.com " , y para su utilización en hospitales .
Es un aparato muy útil en pacientes con dificultades para comunicarse " Es un aparato muy útil en pacientes con dificultades para comunicarse , como pueden ser los enfermos de Alzheimer .
Mediante un escáner se puede acceder a su historial médico " , dijo Procter .
" Es un aparato muy útil en pacientes con dificultades para comunicarse , como pueden ser los enfermos de Alzheimer .
Mediante un escáner se puede acceder a su historial médico " , dijo Procter .
La cápsula , que se inserta bajo la piel del brazo o la mano con una jeringa , contiene un número de 16 dígitos que permite el acceso al historial médico del portador .
La cápsula , que se inserta bajo la piel del brazo o la mano con una jeringa , que permite el acceso al historial médico del portador .
Este chip , según sus promotores , facilitará a hospitales , médicos y pacientes mejorar la asistencia y evitar errores , con información precisa sobre cada paciente y su condición sanitaria .
Además de estos usos , Procter recordó que la Secretaría de Justicia mexicana ya utiliza este tipo de tecnología para identificar a sus empleados .
El " chip " tiene también otros usos menos altruistas y , por ejemplo , una discoteca en Barcelona ( España ) utiliza estas cápsulas con sus clientes VIP .
Le sirve para identificarlos en la entrada y para que puedan pagar sus consumiciones mediante una cuenta especial .
La empresa calcula que aproximadamente 200 personas en todo el mundo llevan ya estos ingenios implantados en su cuerpo .
Pero esta tecnología futurista , más propia de la literatura del escritor George Orwell , tiene también cada vez más detractores .
Pero hay detractores
Entre ellos está " Profesionales de la tecnología por la responsabilidad social " , un grupo ubicado en Palo Alto ( California ) , que protesta por lo que consideran " una pésima iniciativa " .
La sola idea de llevar algo implantado en el cuerpo que no se puede apagar , supone la invasión de la intimidad Lisa Smith , miembro de este grupo , aseguró que " la sola idea de llevar algo implantado en el cuerpo , que no se puede apagar , supone una invasión total de la intimidad " .
Lisa Smith , miembro de este grupo , aseguró que " la sola idea de llevar algo implantado en el cuerpo , que no se puede apagar , supone una invasión total de la intimidad " .
" Existen otras formas de identificación menos invasivas que también son adecuadas , por muy voluntario que esto sea " , dijo Smith .
Esta activista hizo también una reflexión sobre los caminos opuestos hacia los que se dirige la tecnología : " Por un lado , las innovaciones permiten una vulneración cada vez mayor de la intimidad , pero por el otro , dotan a los ciudadanos de más herramientas para poder defenderla " .
Tanto " VeriChip " como " Citywatcher.com " se aferran al carácter voluntario de los implantes para rechazar cualquier acusación .
Gearing up to review aging records to meet the deadline , agencies have declassified more than one billion pages , shedding light on the Cuban missile crisis , the Vietnam War and the network of Soviet agents in the American government .
Several hundred million pages will be declassified at midnight on Dec. 31 , including 270 million pages at the Federal Bureau of Investigation , which has lagged most agencies in reviews .
J. William Leonard , who oversees declassification as head of the Information Security Oversight Office at the National Archives , said the threat that secret files might be made public without a security review had sent a useful chill through the bureaucracy .
“ Unfortunately , you sometimes need a two - by - four to get agencies to pay attention , ” Mr. Leonard said .
“ Automatic declassification was essentially that two - by - four . ”
What surprises await in the documents is impossible to predict .
“ It is going to take a generation for scholars to go through the material declassified under this process , ” said Steven Aftergood , who runs a project on government secrecy for the Federation of American Scientists .
“ It represents the classified history of a momentous period , the cold war , ” Mr. Aftergood said .
“ Almost every current headline has an echo in the declassified past , whether it ’s coping with nuclear weapons , understanding the Middle East or dictatorship and democracy in Latin America . ”
Anna K. Nelson , a historian at American University , said she hoped that the files would shed light on the Central Intelligence Agency role in Iran and deepen the documentation of the Jimmy Carter years , in particular the Camp David accords .
This is the evil twin of Getting to Deadline – Programmer Productivity Tips
Working for a startup can be interesting , challenging , and a great learning experience .
But it can also be very , very frustrating and require humorous rants like the following just to keep you from pulling out your hair and the hair of anyone who has the misfortune to sit beside you .
The Internet is rapidly devolving into a Cosmo - like collection of top ten fluff pieces about nothing , and I know I ’m part of the problem , not part of the solution , but that did n’t stop me .
Top Ten Things I Hate About Crunch Time
Another summer has disappeared into the ether with nothing to show for it except pasty white skin .
Friends and family who do n’t understand that when you say “ I ’ll be available in November ” you mean you ’ll be available in November and no matter how many times they invite you to do things between now and then you ’ll have to decline [ 1 ] .
Why are deadlines always set up so you end up working on national holidays [ 2 ] and long weekends ?
Desperately trying to juggle entertaining relatives from out of town and tackling the workload .
By the time the finally - absolutely - we ’re - not - joking - this - time drop - deadline has come around , you ’ve already been through 2 - 3 false finishes and are so burned out there ’s no burst of energy to sprint to the finish line .
The coffee does nothing .
Absence of coffee is physically painful .
You ’re looking forward to Deadline Complete and being able to go cold turkey .
Until then , you are seriously considering getting into the cough syrup like a character out of Microserfs .
The unfounded optimism by management that Things are Finally Going to Get Done ( like closing all of the bugs ) .
The team is exhausted , I do n’t think our bug fixing rate is going to magically improve beyond what it has been for the past six months .
Especially if features are still being coded .
“ Going Postal ” jokes around the water cooler start to take an edge , especially when the Eastern European guy who never says anything mentions he ’s getting a UPS costume for Halloween .
Geek Irritability Syndrome , as evidenced by this post .
Paring down the feature list of “ What has absolutely has to be tested for 1.0 ” for the Nth time .
Eye strain is worse than carpel tunnel syndrome .
It ’s easy to find things to do with your hands other than typing , but very hard to try to find a relaxing activity that does n’t involve looking at something [ 3 ] .
Anything is more interesting than working on the last dregs of the project that absolutely have to get done .
You visit your dad ’s blog for the first time [ 4 ] .
Work / life balance is dangerously out of whack .
Not being able to count to ten properly anymore .
What do you hate about crunch time before a deadline ?
( other than people whining about it on their blogs )
[ 1 ]
Yet perversely you ’re still miffed you did n’t get invited out to something there was no chance in hell you ’d be able to go to . [ 2 ]
Or rather , why are deadlines always set up for juuuuust before long weekends so that they ’re guaranteed to overrun them when they slip ? [ 3 ]
I ’m very impressed I did n’t make any obvious jokes about wrist and eye strain . [ 4 ]
Sorry Dad , but it ’s true .
Digg | Del.icio.us
Google 's map has caused tension between Taipei and Beijing
Google deleted the words " a province of the People 's Republic of China " from its Taiwan map after complaints from pro-independence groups on the island .
A Chinese official in the US told state media he was disappointed at the move .
Taiwan has a tense relationship with Beijing .
Many Taiwanese see the island as a separate country , although Beijing sees it as part of Chinese territory .
Ongoing row
Earlier this month , legislators from the pro-independence Taiwan Solidarity Union urged the Taiwanese public to e-mail Google in protest at its description of the island .
They wanted the company to refer to Taiwan as an independent state .
Now the search engine appears to have backed down .
Google has deleted the contentious wording from the top left corner of its map page .
Peng Keyu , consul general of the Chinese consulate in San Francisco , told the SingTao Daily that he was disappointed by the decision .
Google spokeswoman Debbie Frost told Chinese state news agency Xinhua on Wednesday that the alteration was just a " regular update " of all of the site 's map pages , rather than a deliberate effort to specifically update the Taiwan page .
But according to Chinese media , many web - users using chat rooms around the country are suggesting a boycott of Google 's China service .
MIT proudly announced the formation of the Center for Collective Intelligence , a new initiative that seems to be an attempt to both explore and exploit group intelligence .
The center describes itself as an effort to draw on the expertise of people in a number of fields in order to conduct research into the ways that humans work together .
Accordingly , the center 's staff is drawn from faculty in a number of different MIT departments , including the Media Center , Electrical Engineering , Brain and Cognitive Science , and the Sloan School of Management .
The focus on collective intelligence appears to have been inspired by a number of indications that the internet is transforming the ability of people to work together , and enabling new forms of collaboration .
CCI 's literature specifically cites Google , Wikipedia , and Innocentive as examples of new forms of collective accomplishment , and they have appointed Jimmy Wales of Wikipedia and the CEO of Innocentive to their board .
Their Handbook of Collective Intelligence , which attempts to both define the field and provide a moving snapshot of its current state of knowledge is , in fact , a Wiki .
Along with the center 's inauguration , CCI is embarking on its first collective endeavor in conjunction with the University of Pennsylvania 's Wharton Business School .
They , and anyone else at a " leading institution " is invited to contribute to a collectively authored book , currently going by the catchy title , " We are smarter than me . "
Should the collective analysis of collective intelligence come together , it 's already got a publisher lined up in the form of the academic group Pearson Publishing .
Who 's studying what ?
Reading through the literature at CCI , I was struck by a number of interesting potential questions that were suggested for possible topics of research .
But I was equally struck by the lack of apparent mechanisms for turning these ideas into concrete research programs .
In the absence of a clear structure that promotes or compels interactive and collective research , academic inertia presents a very real risk : left on their own , researchers will continue to work on what they always have .
After all , it 's what they 're most interested in and best at .
One thing that may act against the CCI 's fostering of joint research is something else that leapt out at me : the lack of a clear definition of what constitutes collective intelligence .
It 's not for lack of ideas , but rather an overabundance of them .
Potential definitions and possible examples of collective intelligence appear in multiple places , and often seem to have little in common .
The Handbook also suggests they are emphatically not interested in a related phenomenon , collective stupidity , but provide no indication of how to objectively distinguish the two .
Overall , it appears that the CCI have a long way to go to simply define the problems they 're exploring .
Perhaps , if they manage to overcome this and other obstacles , they 'll make a nice case study for their own faculty .
Most of the 4 million people who saw director Robert Greenwald 's last movie , a critique of Fox News called " Outfoxed , " caught it at a house party .
The independent film ignited liberal audiences last year without the benefit of a Hollywood distributor , major studio or much of a theatrical release .
Labor and faith groups are shooting higher with this week 's premiere of Greenwald 's " Wal - Mart : The High Cost of Low Price " :
They hope to use the film to coalesce a social movement around criticism of the world 's largest retailer .
Wal - Mart is countering with a campaign worthy of the final days before an election -- circulating a review panning Greenwald 's directorial efforts in a 1980 Olivia Newton - John vehicle .
And Wal - Mart officials have n't even seen the new film yet .
That will change after San Francisco Mayor Gavin Newsom presides over Wednesday 's West Coast premiere at a Fort Mason benefit screening .
" Wal - Mart " DVDs will screen at more than 6,800 locales , including house parties , churches and labor halls .
There will be plenty of opportunities to see the film in politically blue parts of the country such as New York and San Francisco , a city with no Wal - Marts but 11 scheduled screenings .
However , there will also be a dozen showings in both deep - red Kansas and Georgia , and others in rural areas where Wal - Marts dominate the landscape .
Many of the screenings will happen during a " Wal - Mart Week of Action " starting Nov. 13 .
More than 400 groups , including the Sierra Club and Service Employees International Union , will use the film 's premiere to publicize their anger at the nation 's largest private employer .
Their grievances are the ones labor and liberal groups have been pushing for several years -- that nearly half Wal - Mart 's employees have no private health insurance or are on Medicaid , that most of its stock is produced by cheap overseas labor , and that by building stores on the fringes of towns , it contributes to sprawl and destruction of the environment .
The SEIU is also one of the main financial backers of WalmartWatch.com , a 6 - month - old organizing hub for the chain 's critics that has posted leaked company documents and coordinates protests and legislation aimed at Wal - Mart .
The movement - wrapped - around - a- movie that WalmartWatch.com is organizing with Greenwald is a new strategy .
The 61 - year - old director encouraged the social activism - entertainment link from the moment he started work on the project last fall .
" Before I even shot one second of footage , I hired an organizer , " Greenwald said in an interview from Los Angeles .
" Our goal is n't to close Wal - Mart down , " said Greenwald , who paid for half the film 's $ 2 million production costs himself .
The rest was paid for by two private liberal donors .
" It is to make it a better , more humane company toward its employees and the communities it is in . "
Lisa Smithline , the organizer Greenwald hired , said , " If people leave the movie saying , ' That was a good movie , ' then we failed at some level .
We want them to be energized to do something about it . "
Wal - Mart is swatting back criticism with what it calls an " aggressive " public relations campaign .
" We 've got a lot of things planned , " said Bob McAdam , vice president of corporate affairs .
" Anything is possible . "
Five days before the movie 's scheduled premiere in New York on Tuesday , Wal - Mart released a 10 - page press release criticizing it as " propaganda video . "
The missive dusted off three pages of negative reviews of Greenwald 's nonpolitical films , including a 25 - year - old Newsweek thumbs - down for the Newton - John dud " Xanadu , " which said , " Robert Greenwald , the director , should look into another line of work . "
" When you look at who is funding this ( campaign ) , it 's no great surprise , " McAdam said .
" That coalition ( of labor unions and environmentalists ) has worked together in the past . "
It 's been a public week of soul - searching for the retailer , not all of it intentional .
A leaked internal memo from Wal - Mart 's executive vice president of benefits , Susan Chambers , conceded that nearly half its workforce is uninsured or on Medicaid and noted that overall , its workers spend double the national average on health care .
The memo was a rare admission that criticism is affecting the company , whose stock price has fallen 21 percent in the past year .
The leak followed several we 're - going - to - do - better announcements from Wal - Mart CEO Lee Scott , who promised to improve health benefits and cut energy use at stores .
On Friday in Washington , D.C. , Wal - Mart plans to hold an academic conference on its economic impact , both locally and nationally .
The " Wal - Mart " DVD is n't the only dart being aimed at the chain , however .
The next month will bring a wave of Wal - Mart analysis from liberal publications , which , in an unusual example of cooperation , are timing their stories for the release of the " Wal - Mart " movie .
The Nation , the American Prospect , In These Times and the San Francisco - based online site Alternet are all scheduled to run stories examining everything from Wal - Mart 's opposition to union organizing to the philanthropy of its founders , the Walton family .
In his previous house - party film , Greenwald took a swing at Fox News for aping Republican talking points and contributing to a conservative echo chamber .
Alternet Executive Editor Don Hazen , who coordinated the timed pieces , insisted this is different .
" This is not everybody saying the same thing , " said Hazen , whose site is selling the " Wal - Mart " DVD .
" Everybody has their own take .
" All the news is becoming more opinionated anyway , " Hazen said .
" You can be opinionated as long as you have the research to back it up . "
There 's a media link to the pro-Wal - Mart campaign , too -- a DVD to be released Nov. 15 by company supporter Ron Galloway called , " Why Wal - Mart Works and Why That Makes Some People Crazy . "
" I think a lot of people like to use Wal - Mart as a straw man , " said Galloway , a Georgia investment counselor who said he funded the $ 65,000 film with his brother Robert , a producer of outdoors shows for ESPN2 .
Ron Galloway said the brothers had nearly no cooperation from Wal - Mart , although the company spent two pages of its 10 - page Greenwald critique reprinting a press release on Galloway 's film .
" I totally admire what Greenwald has been able to do in terms of distributing the film , " said Galloway , who said he did n't set out to make a pro-Wal - Mart piece .
" But he and I just see this differently . "
Greenwald and his supporters insist this is n't a political film .
" Wal - Mart " is full of real - people stories , told largely by former and current employees taking on the retailer .
Many of the film 's stories are rooted in rural areas of the states that supported President Bush last year , including Ohio , North Carolina and Texas .
Scott , the Wal - Mart chief executive officer , declined to be in the movie .
Instead , Greenwald weaves footage of Scott in interviews or at shareholders meetings to make the executive the de facto narrator of the film .
Borrowing a page from the conservative playbook 's reliance on the religious right , the film 's accompanying campaign is being anchored by faith leaders .
" It is about creating a moral economy , " said the Rev. Ron Stief , a Washington - based leader for United Church of Christ , whose churches are hosting dozens of screenings .
" Fifty percent of our congregations are rural , and these communities are seeing the impact of Wal - Mart every day , " in the demise of mom-and - pop businesses , he said .
The film 's backers face a challenge , however -- many communities have welcomed Wal - Mart .
More than 11,000 people filed applications to work at the chain 's new store in East Oakland , a job - starved area that other retailers have shunned .
The store has been bustling since it opened in August , and the neighborhood has 400 new jobs .
" We get a lot of pushback from African American people who say , ' Hey , I like Wal - Mart , ' " said the Rev. Jarvis Johnson , who is organizing faith groups for WalmartWatch.com .
" But what I try to tell people is , ' Yes , Wal - Mart is offering you jobs .
But a year from now , 40 percent of you will find out that they 're not paying you enough , and you will not be able to afford health care . ' "
The decision about Wal - Mart and the movie - movement will ultimately be in the hands of people like those who will gather Nov. 19 in Dee Dee Robbins ' living room in Santa Rosa to watch Greenwald 's DVD .
Half will be her fellow students at Sonoma State University , most of whom are critical of Wal - Mart .
The rest will be friends , many of whom shop at the Wal - Mart in Rohnert Park .
" I just hope they will walk away from the movie and change the way they do business with Wal - Mart , " said Robbins , 46 .
" But I do n't know what they 'll think . "
The practice of " separating concerns " is a critically important tool for software architects , as it helps us introduce loose coupling where we need it in the systems we design .
Unfortunately , it seems we 're not as collectively proficient with that practice as we need to be , at least in the context of Web services and SOA .
If we are attempting to separate concern A from concern B , then we are seeking a design that provides that variations in A do not induce or require a corresponding change in B ( and usually , the converse ) .
If we manage to successfully separate those concerns , then we say that they are " decoupled " , for obvious reasons .
As a simple example , a car 's side view mirror controls are decoupled from its accelerator , permitting us to adjust our mirrors without fear that the car will speed up or slow down .
In IT , in particular distributed systems , we often talk about the importance of the " separation of interface from implementation " .
Well , actually , we tend not to talk about it as much in recent years , since it seems to have become a law of the land ; assumed desirable in the general case .
Web services have certainly claimed to take it to heart with WSDL , the idea there being that clients implementations are authored to the platform / language / protocol / OS - independent description of the service , rather than to the service implementation .
Definitely a good idea , of course .
But does it really separate the concerns in the way we discussed above ?
Let 's have a closer look ...
Related Sponsored Content 3 Common Pitfalls in Microservice Integration – And How to Avoid Them
We can test WSDL 's capacity to separate interface from implementation by asking the following question ; can the implementation of a WSDL - described service vary arbitrarily without requiring a corresponding change in the interface ?
The answer is clearly no , as for any given WSDL document , it 's quite trivial to identify a change in the implementation that would require a change in the interface .
For example , if our interface included an operation for retrieving real time stock quotes - say , getRealtimeStockQuote ( ) - then a change to an implementation of that operation to return delayed stock quotes would necessitate a change in the interface because clients would be assuming quotes were realtime , as that is what " getRealtimeStockQuote " would be documented to mean .
So , in fact , WSDL does * not* separate implementation from interface .
Surprising , is n't it ?
The billion dollar question then , is how * can * these concerns be separated ?
Obviously another kind of interface / service description language can't help us , since none of the reasons that the test above failed had anything to do with any specific feature of WSDL ; CORBA 's IDL would have faired just as badly , as would DCOM , Java RMI , etc .
No , we need to look higher up in the stack .
We observed in the stock quote example above , that getRealtimeStockQuote ( ) could n't be used as part of an interface to both a realtime and delayed stock quote service implementation .
The reason was simply that the operation is specific to realtime quotes .
Had the operation been a more * general * one like getStockQuote ( ) , then it could have accomodated that change in implementation by representing the * type * of stock quote in the data that is returned .
And from this we learn a very important lesson ; the more generic the operation , the more the concerns of interface and implementation are separated , and the more decoupled the message sender and receiver become .
But how far can we go with this generalization exercise ?
How much loose coupling can we hope to gain ?
Well , if getStockQuote( ) is more general than getRealtimeStockQuote ( ) , would n't a simple get ( ) operation be more general still , even * maximally * general ; that such an operation would be implementable by any service which provided data to clients that asked for it ?
The Web provides us such an operation ( HTTP GET ) , and it has indeed been implemented by an extremely large and diverse set of services over the past 15 years .
The sooner we as an industry collectively realize this , the sooner we can all get to work on building out the Web as the embodiment of the SOA vision .
About the author
Mark Baker is well - known in the SOA and Web services community because of his continuous efforts to promote an architectural style called REST ( REpresentational State Transfer ) , criticizing many of the standards and specifications as being ignorant of what made and continues to make the Web successful .
He implied that it was more efficient for him to work for the Corporation for Public Broadcasting at his office at the broadcasting board .
About his horse racing work , he said the inspector general had concluded that it amounted to “ an average of one e-mail and two and a half minutes a day ’’ at the office .
He also said he spent more time on broadcasting responsibilities at his farm and residences than he spent on his horses at the office .
“ In retrospect , I should have been more careful in this regard , ’’ he said .
Mr. Tomlinson , 62 , is a former editor of Reader ’s Digest who has close ties to Karl Rove , Mr. Bush ’s political strategist and senior adviser .
Mr. Rove and Mr. Tomlinson were on the board of the predecessor to the broadcasting board in the 90’s .
Mr. Tomlinson has been chairman of the broadcasting board since 2002 .
The board , whose members include the secretary of state , has a central role in public diplomacy .
It supervises the government ’s foreign broadcasting operations , including Radio Martí , Radio Sawa and Al Hurra ; transmits programs in 61 languages ; and says it has more than 100 million listeners a week .
Mr. Tomlinson ’s ouster in November from the Corporation for Public Broadcasting was prompted by a separate investigation by that inspector general at the corporation .
That inquiry found evidence that Mr. Tomlinson had violated rules as he sought more conservative programs and that he had improperly intervened to help the staff of the editorial page of The Wall Street Journal win a $ 4.1 million contract , one of the corporation ’s largest programming contracts , to finance a weekly public television program .
The heavily edited State Department report on Mr. Tomlinson ’s activities at the Broadcasting Board of Governors did not identify the friend who received the improper employment contract .
The report said that there was no competitive bidding to hire him , that he was retired and on a government pension when Mr. Tomlinson hired him and that he never filed the required paperwork with the board .
In his statement , Mr. Tomlinson identified the man as Les Daniels and said he had worked for 35 years at the Voice of America .
Call it the “ Real Thing . ”
Indians in this remote mountain village in southern Colombia are marketing a particularly refreshing soft drink that harks back to Coca - Cola ’s original formula , when “ coca ” was in the name for a reason .
Advertising posters here describe the carbonated , citrus - flavored Coca - Sek as “ more than an energizer ” -- a buzz that just might be provided by a key ingredient , a syrup produced by boiling coca leaves .
Since January , the Nasa indigenous community has been offering the soft drink locally and in neighboring Popayan , where it is bottled .
By the end of the year , the Nasa hope to sell Coca - Sek nationwide , targeting the same consumers who drink Gatorade or Red Bull , both highly popular with Colombians .
Advertisement
For six years , the Nasa have been quietly selling coca - flavored cookies , aromatic teas , wines and ointments at informal sidewalk stalls and in health food stores .
They say they ’re trying to capitalize on a plentiful resource -- and remove the stigma from a leaf that for them is sacred .
Cocaine , the highly concentrated form of the leaf ’s alkaloid extracted using solvents and other chemicals , is “ foreign to our culture and is an invention of Western man , ” said Gelmis Chate , president of the Nasa council here .
But consumption of coca leaves by chewing them or by using them in food or tea is an ancient custom .
The 4,000 indigenous families in this region typically grow several coca plants on their farms for personal use , a right guaranteed by Colombian law .
For Abraham Cuello , 50 , the half - dozen coca plants sprouting among his banana , coffee , mango and papaya trees have as much mystic as alimentary value .
“ They protect my farm and all that I grow , ” he said as he pulled the bright green leaves from an 8 - foot coca plant .
Advertisement
The Nasa ’s coca cookies and teas attracted little attention , but the launch of Coca - Sek has ignited controversy in a country where Washington has spent $ 4 billion since 1999 combating the drug trade and terrorism .
The reasons are myriad : the tribe ’s market ambitions for the beverage ; the inevitable comparisons with the original Coke , which dropped cocaine from its formula in 1905 ; and the recent election of Bolivian President Evo Morales , an indigenous coca grower who supports the production of legitimate coca products .
Coca - Sek has also reopened a debate over the limits of the sovereignty that indigenous groups in Colombia and other nations are afforded .
The Nasa claim a sovereign right to commercialize the soft drink and other coca products , even though the law permitting its use clearly limits it to traditional , not commercial , ends .
Indigenous tribes elsewhere in the Andean region also are trying to mainstream the leaf , trumpeting its nutritive and painkilling value .
Morales , who says he will end coca eradication efforts in Bolivia , promotes coca - based yogurt , soap , bread and tea .
He is appealing to the United Nations to drop the coca plant ’s designation as a poisonous substance , which would open the way to exports .
Advertisement
In Peru , a state - owned monopoly called Enaco was formed to create a legitimate market for coca leaves and channel them into the production of toothpaste , topical ointments to treat arthritis , tea and energizer drinks such as Coca - Sek .
Nationalist candidate Ollanta Humala , who led Peru ’s presidential vote Sunday , promised to push for legalization of coca if elected .
In Colombia , the drive to make legitimate products from the coca leaf is being led by the Calderas reservation , one of half a dozen Nasa communities clustered around Inza .
The community pays $ 15 for each 30 - pound bag of coca leaves .
Each bag makes enough syrup to produce 300 bottles of Coca - Sek .
That price tops the $ 12 a bag paid by local drug traffickers , who are always willing to buy leaves , said David Curtidor , who helps manage the soft drink business and touts the beverage as a weapon in the war on drugs .
“ Each leaf that goes to making the drink is one leaf less for the narcos , ” Curtidor said .
Chewing coca leaves , which depresses the central nervous system , has enabled Indians to soften the effects of hunger , hard work and high altitude for centuries .
Franky Rios , the engineer at Popayan ’s La Reina bottling plant who oversees the production of the beverage , said Coca - Sek delivers the various vitamins and minerals , including calcium , potassium and magnesium , found in the coca leaf .
Advertisement
“ It ’s better than Gatorade , ” he said .
Jim Bauml , senior biologist at the Los Angeles County Arboretum , said coca leaf boosters might be on to something .
“ There is literature out there that shows there is a tremendous nutritive value in the leaf itself , ” he said .
“ How much of that is released by chewing or other extraction methods is n’t clear , but it ’s there potentially . ”
A bonus is the spiritual power that the Nasa people believe resides in coca .
In this valley that is also the site of the Tierradentro prehistoric burial caves , one of Colombia ’s most important archeological zones , evidence of that belief is seen in many of the stone statues unearthed in recent years .
Several of the carved human forms are holding cuetanderas , the woven bags that the Nasa even today use to carry their coca leaves for chewing .
“ Coca permits man to communicate with nature , and nature with man , ” said Fabiola Pinacue , a Nasa who helps run the coca - based businesses and is a former mayor of Paez , a village 15 miles north of Inza .
Advertisement
But the Nasa and other indigenous communities are up against hardened attitudes .
Even European Union and Japanese charitable groups that have funded other economic initiatives in Inza , including the online sales of locally grown organic coffee , want no part of underwriting Coca - Sek or any other coca - based product , said Chate , the Nasa council president .
Maybe it ’s because coca is such a freighted term -- and the target of the Plan Colombia crop eradication program that is funded by the United States and supported by the United Nations .
( Indigenous reservations are exempt from spraying . )
Although the coca - based energizer drink and the aromatic teas contain relatively small amounts of the cocaine alkaloid , ingesting great amounts could produce the same effect as that from the refined powder , said Greg Thompson , an associate professor of clinical pharmacy at USC .
“ There are cases of people dipping 80 coca teabags into a teapot and getting classic cocaine toxicity from drinking it , ” Thompson said .
Advertisement
The Nasa say that normal use of their products is perfectly safe .
“ The world ’s mind is closed to the good uses of the leaf , ” Chate said .
“ We ’re trying to show that we can make value - added products that are n’t a danger to anyone . ”
But the Nasa may be on a collision course with the Colombian government , which has yet to sanction Coca - Sek .
A top official with the Colombian equivalent of the Drug Enforcement Administration said the government ’s concern was that coca leaves ostensibly destined for the soft drink operation would somehow be diverted to drug traffickers .
“ The law perfectly recognizes that coca is important to their religious ceremonies , ” said the official , who asked not to be identified , citing the political sensitivity of the issue .
“ But it does n’t talk about commercial ends , and that ’s a confusion that needs to be clarified . ”
The government threatened to shut down the Popayan bottling plant in February and confiscate all the bottles .
The Nasa asked the national council of indigenous tribes , which represents 1.2 million people , to issue a permit , insisting that was all the permission they needed .
Advertisement
This being an election year , the government quickly backed off .
Jorge Ronderos , a sociology professor at Caldas University in the Colombian city of Manizales and an expert on coca ’s place in indigenous culture , thinks Western governments have needlessly demonized the coca leaf .
“ All that is lacking is a declaration that it is a terrorist plant , ” Ronderos said .
An official with the state Health Department where the Popayan bottling plant is located said the government ’s only interest was ensuring that the soft drink was safe .
He said the beverage had not undergone the proper testing and was not properly labeled .
Advertisement
“ If people get sick , they are going to come after me , ” the official said .
The Nasa are producing about 8,000 bottles of Coca - Sek a week , up from 3,000 initially .
They think they can easily market double that number if they can penetrate Colombia ’s urban markets .
Meanwhile , sales are brisk .
The beverage is n’t yet turning a profit -- production is financed with proceeds from the coca - flavored aromatic teas , which have been sold since 1999 .
Coca - Sek ’s survival as a product may hinge on finding a larger bottling plant closer to big cities such as Bogota or Medellin .
None of Colombia ’s big bottlers is lining up so far to produce Coca - Sek , but Curtidor believes it ’s not because of any stigma attached to coca leaves .
Advertisement
“ They do n’t want the competition , ” he said .
*
Andres D’Alessandro of The Times ’ Buenos Aires Bureau and special correspondent Adriana Leon in Lima , Peru , contributed to this report .
TOKYO —has unveiled an upmarket hatchback , the , aimed at Japanese Baby Boomers and priced from under $ 20,000 .
At the car 's introduction here , President Katsuaki Watanabe declined to say whether thewill also be marketed in the U.S. , but suggested it may be reserved exclusively for the home market .
The sporty compact features a sloping nose and trapezoidal headlamps , with massive air intakes on either side of the grille .
The face is more distinctive than the ones on suchfamily cars as the Camry , and has some cues reminiscent of recent Volkswagen designs .
Theis powered by a 2.4 - liter four - cylinder engine .
Well - equipped versions will sell in Japan for around $ 24,000 . ©
Source : article on insideline
What Does History Bring to the Study of Jihadism ?
Fawaz A. Gerges is the author of the recently published " Journey of the Jihadist : Inside Muslim Militancy " ( Harcourt Press , 2006 ) , is the Christian Johnson Chair in Middle East and International Affairs at Sarah Lawrence College .
What does a historian bring to the study and understanding of Islamism and jihadism ?
History provides complexity , rich narrative , comparative perspective , and a healthy degree of skepticism .
Let me illustrate what I mean .
Most of the books written on September 11 by commentators dealt with Al Qaeda without contextualizing its rise and evolution ( or devolution ) within the internal turmoil that has roiled the jihadist movement since the mid-1990as .
This shortcoming is not just academic ; it goes to the very heart of where Al Qaeda came from , its historical development , its social and power base , and why it brought war to the American heartland .
A central thesis advanced by my book , “ Journey of the Jihadist : Inside Muslim Militancy , ” is that September 11 was a monstrous mutation within the jihadist movement .
That one cannot understand why September 11 had occurred without appreciating the tensions , contradictions , and fissures that split jihadists along local and international lines .
That the story of September 11 cannot be fully narrated without examining the rise and evolution of the jihadist movement .
In this sense , history is critical to understanding the jihadist journey .
“ Journey of the Jihadist ” does just that ; it closely follows the journey of three generations of jihadists , including Al Qaeda ’s , and narrates their story in their own words .
I intervened as little as possible .
The first generation were the pioneers and founding fathers of the movement in Egypt in the 1970s - inspired by the 1966 hanging or “ martyrdom ” of Sayyid Qutb , a radical Islamist dissident .
The second generation are the Afghan Arabs who fought Soviet troops in Afghanistan in the 1980s and were militarized by their experience in Afghanistan .
In addition to Sayyid Qutb , Sheikh Abdullah Azzam played a pivotal role in influencing the journey of this second generation .
The third generation is what I call the Iraq generation born after the American - led invasion and occupation of Iraq .
My approach to understanding jihadists was not just to eavesdrop on their conversations and chatter but also to talk to them , interview them in depth , and listen to what they have to say .
I let them speak for themselves and articulate their hopes , fears , grievances , and prejudices .
The story of jihadists is told in their voices .
Unedited .
To understand jihadism as well as its tragic repercussions — including September 11 , the Madrid and London bombings , the war in Afghanistan , and the insurgency in Iraq — we need to hear from those engaged in waging it .
The “ Arab street ” so often evoked by even the best Western journalists is in great part a myth designed for Western consumption .
Beneath it lies the simplistic notion that all Muslims and all Arabs speak with one voice — a voice baying for bloodshed in the name of religion .
Living in the United States but having been raised in the heart of the Arab world , Lebanon , I am keenly aware of the distortion .
Growing up , I heard a wide spectrum of Muslim voices .
We need — more than ever — to hear what is being said in alleyways , cafés , apartment courtyards , barbershops , classrooms , and underground bunkers throughout the Middle East .
Beginning in 1998 - 1999 long before “ Jihadist ” and “ jihadism ” had entered the vocabulary of ordinary Americans , I was determined to find out more about what was happening outside of most Western perspectives .
I went back and conducted scores of interviews with both mainstream and militant Islamists alike in several Muslim countries .
While these people normally shy away from contact with the Western media , my cultural background , educational training , and ability to speak Arabic allowed me to enter into their universe .
I was able to probe their views on such subjects as the role of government , the use of force at home and abroad , and economic and foreign policies .
So I asked questions and then I listened , learning to discern the diversity that lay beneath the sometimes monotonous and numbing rhetoric .
Why Jihad Went Global ?
Only by charting the jihadist journey from its inception , we fully grasp the logic behind the global jihad movement .
From the late 1960s until the mid-1990s , Islamists and jihadists were pre­occupied with the fight against al­ - ­Adou al­ - ­Qareeb , Muslim rulers .
The primary goal of modern jihadism is and always has been the destruction of the atheist political and social order at home and its replacement with authentic Islamic states .
Al - Adou al - Baeed or the “ far enemy ” had not registered on jihadists ’ radar screen .
But by mid-1990s Osama bin Laden and his second in command , Ayman al - Zawahiri , launched a campaign to hijack the jihadist movement and change its direction — away from attacking al­ - ­Adou al­ - ­Qareeb , the “ near enemy ” ( Muslim “ apostates ” and “ renegades ” ) and toward attacking al­ - ­Adou al­ - ­Baeed , or the “ far enemy ” ( Israel and the Western powers , particularly the United States ) .
As a result , an intense internal struggle ensued between local jihadists and their international counterparts led by bin Laden and Zawahiri .
Waged for the soul of the Islamist movement , this internal struggle has shaken the very foundation of Muslim ­societies and politics ( the jihadist movement represents a small fraction of the Islamist movement ) .
Its reverberations have been felt far ­beyond the region ’s borders — in New York , Washington , Madrid , London , and Paris .
Although the overwhelming majority of jihadists stayed on the sidelines and did not join the fight against the far enemy , international jihadists succeeded in taking jihad global .
By taking on the United States , which in the eyes of so many Muslims is most responsible for maintaining the grim status quo in the Arab world , Al Qaeda jihadists wanted to signal that the civil war for the soul of Islam would move to a different level , an international stage .
From their perspective this could further two goals : rid Muslim countries of corrupting American and Western cultural and political influences , as well as military presence , partic­ularly from Saudi Arabia , the birthplace of Prophet Mohammed ; and destabilize Muslim governments and their ruling elite by inciting the rising ­generation .
Findings
In conversations with activists , their answers reflected a broad political spectrum , from the extreme left to the extreme right .
I noted five general trends in my interviews , both deeply ironic yet instructive .
First , what most surprised me was that their views tended to resemble those of their secular opponents .
I have come to believe that American observers assign far too much significance to notions of “ Islam ” and “ Islamic ” when describing what motivates ­Islamists and jihadists .
I do not mean to downplay the role of “ Islamic ” factors in Muslim societies , particularly in how they help shape moral values , self­ - ­identification , and fears about Westernization and Americanization .
But again , both mainstream Islamists and jihadists use religion as a means to a political end , not as an end in ­itself .
Thus the key to understanding the jihadist and his journey lies mainly in politics , not in religion .
Blaming terrorism on passages from the Qur’an would be like blaming the Crusades on passages from the New Testament .
As is true for the Bible , Islamic doctrine can be interpreted in any number of ways , either to promote peace and tolerance or war and intolerance .
The second trend is that t he vast majority of militant Islamists whom I call local jihadists did not join Al Qaeda .
In fact , September 11 showed how deep the fissures within the jihadist movement are .
The internal struggle has escalated into an open civil war .
Local jihadists vehemently criticized their international counterparts – Al Qaeda ’s jihadists – and accused them of endangering the very existence of the Islamist movement and the ummah ( the worldwide Muslim community ) .
It is a pity that the Western media still perpetuate the myth that the attacks were widely embraced by all Islamists and even the ummah , and that the nineteen suicide bombers reflected the amorality of Muslim political culture as a whole .
The third trend is that Al Qaeda represents a tiny fringe within the jihadist movement .
It does not possess a viable social base .
Its long term survival is at a stake .
Yes , Al Qaeda is very dangerous ; it can carry out deadly operations in several countries .
But it is more of a paramilitary organization than a social movement .
Fourth , while their goal is to dismantle the secular authoritarian order that succeeded British and French colonialism after World War II , Islamists and jihadists ultimately want to establish governments that would be similarly repressive .
Countries that have Islamic governments , such as the Islamic Republic of Iran , the Sudan , and , formerly , Afghanistan under the Taliban , provide cases in point .
Although fully clothed in Islamic dress , they have much in common with their secular authoritarian counterparts elsewhere .
There is nothing uniquely “ Islamic ” about their internal governing style except the rhetoric and the symbolism .
They have not offered up an original model of Islamic governance .
Their example casts a very dark shadow over the concept of an Islamic state .
In foreign policy , the three Islamic republics invested their meager resources in exporting revolution to neighboring states and beyond .
This ambition has proved to be costly and even suicidal for the Taliban , which hosted Al Qaeda and allowed it to wage jihad worldwide .
Since September 11 the two remaining Islamic regimes in Iran and Sudan have retrenched domestically and are mainly preoccupied with political survival , though the new ultraconservative Iranian president , Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , has worked aggressively to roll the clock back to the early days of the Islamic revolution in the late ­1970s .
The fifth trend is that Islamists and jihadists are playing an active if indirect role in expanding political debate in the Muslim world .
They have forced existing secular dic­tatorships — such as in Egypt , Tunisia , Morocco , Algeria , Turkey , and even Saudi Arabia — to respond to their challenge to open up the closed political system and reform government institutions .
Opponents of Western­ - ­style democracy , jihadists are unwitting harbingers of democratic transformation .
Some have even come to endorse a political process , creating further reformation within the movement .
Al­ - ­Jama ’a al­ - ­Islamiya ( Egyptian Islamic Group ) — the largest jihadist organization in the Arab world — and the Islamic ­Salvation Front ( FIS ) in Algeria now emphatically support democratization .
The journey that led them there was far from democratic , however ; it was extremely bloody .
In the mid-1990s , aware that they would never be able to dislodge autocratic rulers by force , they began to alter their strategy for gaining power .
They even formed ­alliances with their former sworn political opponents , including secularists and Marxists , in calling upon governments to respect human rights and the rule of ­law .
Islamists and jihadists are not born­ - ­again democrats and will never be .
They are deeply patriarchal , seeing themselves as the guardians of faith , tradition , and authenticity .
Their rhetoric remains soggy with anti­-­Western diatribe .
Nonetheless , many Islamists and a large segment of jihadists are gradually becoming initiated into the culture of political realism and the art of the possible .
They are learning to make compromises with secular groups and to rethink some of their absolutist positions .
Events have forced them to come to grips with the complexity and diversity of Muslim societies .
More and more they recognize the primacy of politics over religion and the difficulty , even futility , of establishing Islamic states , particularly by autocratic fiat .
Conservative “ neo­ - ­fundamentalism ” ( which aims primarily at Islamizing society from the bottom up through what is called da ’wa , “ the call ” ) has generally replaced revolutionary jihadism , whose goal is to Islamize society by simply seizing state ­power .
But not all Islamists and jihadists have embraced these new political realities , and therein lies the internal struggle .
There is a split between the ultramilitant wing , including Al Qaeda , and a nonviolent faction that commands greater numbers and political weight .
This civil war has been overshadowed by the war in Iraq , which was a godsend to Al Qaeda because it diverted attention from its zero­ - ­sum game and lent it an air of credibility .
American officials now acknowledge that the war in Iraq has proved a powerful recruiting tool for Al Qaeda and given it time to regroup .
However , the Iraq war has merely slowed an inevitable shift in the balance of power toward those who have abandoned Islamizing society from the top down .
Most activists I spoke with recognize that the individual believer should be the focus in their efforts to create a moral society .
Evolution , not revolution , is the dominant ­trend .
Jihadists still have a long way to go before they gain the trust of their fellow Muslims , let alone the international community , but some have taken an important first step .
The terrorism perpetrated by certain cells and factions will continue over the next decade , but their movement no longer has a large base of support or a safe haven in which to plot new operations .
Jihadists of all stripes know they are at a crossroads .
At home and abroad they are blamed for unleashing the wrath of the United States against the ummah .
Only a miracle will resuscitate jihadism .
The question , of course , is whether the continued occupation of Iraq will be that ­miracle .
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
More Comments :
omar ibrahim baker - 10/19/2007 Mr Willis
If by " historical penalty " you mean how would history refer to , or say about , them then I guess it would be something like : " they harmed the cause they thought they were serving . "
In the meantime , to the best of my knowledge , mainstream Islamist movements , particularly the powerful Moslem Brotherhood , refuse to deal with them in any way .
However let us keep in mind that not everything about 9/11 is in the public knowledge domain ; more speculation would be foolhardy .
omar ibrahim baker - 10/19/2007 Mr Heuisler
You insist on wallowing in meaningless generalities and shoddy sloganeering in your approach to Islam and Jihad as in sentences like :
" Islam has given these people rejection , oppression , ignorance , poverty and hatred , and yet they cheer American - killers for being Believers . "
which is really inane , ignorant and spiteful .
If that makes you feel better go ahead and hate as much as will quench your thirst ... Islam will not be the poorer for that .
omar ibrahim baker - 10/19/2007 Mr. Friedman
Your moral posturing and humane sounding declarations thinly disguise what your old culture made of you ; an innately racist mouthpiece of a racist cause !
How come with all the hot air coming from you there is absolutely no word about the bombing of inhabited Residential building , the destruction of the air shelter in Qana , the bombing of Bahr al Bakkar school , the few episodes I mentioned out the endless criminal Zionist then Israeli criminal record ?
I am certain that you will come up with some contrived justifications !
They will all spring from the same racist , human classifying , creed that imposes different punishments for the same crime , depending on who committed what to whom !
Discussing morality and ethics with the bearers of that creed is more than futile , it is counter productive ; for that would presuppose that they share the same value with the rest of humanity which they DO NOT ... They have their own self serving relative and RACIST value which springs from their , a priori , classification of humankind into Jew and Goyim !
omar ibrahim baker - 10/19/2007
A sober and useful " tour d'horizon " that inevitably suffers from the shortcomings of the genre : over brevity and over generalization .
Having failed to distinguish , at the outset , between " Islamist " and " Jihadist " , which seems to be warranted according to his analysis ( it is NOT according to mine ) , thus wittingly or unwittingly adopting the Western PR generated but mainly pejorative meaning of the term “ Jihad " and its derivatives , the author falls into several deep pits of , possible , misinterpretation or suspicions of conscious pandering to the western , Judeo / ( West ) Christian " gallery " .
I am commenting here on his hypothesis that " jihadism " was high jacked by al Qaeda as shown in the following paragraph :
" But by mid-1990s Osama bin Laden and his second in command , Ayman al - Zawahiri , launched a campaign to hijack the jihadist movement and change its direction — away from attacking al­ - ­Adou al­ - ­Qareeb , the “ near enemy ” ( Muslim “ apostates ” and “ renegades ” ) and toward attacking al­ - ­Adou al­ - ­Baeed , or the “ far enemy ” ( Israel and the Western powers , particularly the United States ) . "
The trouble with this hypothesis is two fold :
1- It assumes that only al Qaeda is " Jihadist " ; a claim very hotly disputed and vehemently denied by other " Islamist " groups who consider their efforts to be the " real Jihad " in the original , uncorrupted by western PR , meaning of the word .
2- It undeservedly attributes to al Qaeda the honour , or onus , of launching and advocating the fight against ” al adou al baeed ” = the far enemy i.e. , mainly , the USA and Israel ( though not far geographically but being manned by aliens of non regional extraction and an extension of Western imperialism ) .
As a matter of history and record an earlier Islamist Jihadist movement , the Moslem Brotherhood ( official motto : JIHAD is our WAY ) , which predates al Qaeda by more than half a century , have advocated and practiced " jihad " armed resistance against “ the far enemy ” as far back as 1948 when it participated with volunteers from Egypt and Jordan in the Arab armed resistance against the Zionist conquest of Palestine .
Its Palestinian branch , better known as Hamas , still does .
Mr Gerges did embark on a worthy endeavor ; introducing an Islamist movement to the US public .
Not having read the whole book I can only hope it is not marred by factual inaccuracy , careless choice of words i.e. unthinking adoption of politically motivated , PR generated appellations and “ gallery pleasing ” slants !
omar ibrahim baker - 10/19/2007 Mr Friedman
I know you are good at " copy and paste " but few other things .
My initial point to you was : " you , of all people , are not qualified to discuss morals " because of your persistence in avoiding questions about Israeli , public and official , criminal practices ; the racist cause you defend tirelessly !
And I indicated why !
So I would say , this NOT being a police investigation , you should address the questions directed at you if you except response to your questions / points .
Verbosity is not a substitute for clear stands and opinions and is an indication of bankruptcy !
As long as you fail to address the points I raise at you I will ignore the points you raise .
Thanks for the " tu quoque " at which you seem to be a master .
omar ibrahim baker - 10/19/2007 Mr Friedman
It IS NOT for you to decide what is and what is not be raised or discussed .
Islam being in an all out confrontation with Zionism and Israel both these pernicious and racist entities are extremely relevant to the discussion . '
omar ibrahim baker - 10/19/2007
Mr Heuisler
" And be assured , I will do my part . "
That is truly calamitous and horrendously terrifying !
Would you care to reconsider ?
omar ibrahim baker - 10/19/2007 Mr Heuisler
I really do not see any reason for your most recent outburst , above , except perhaps that it has been bottled up in you for days looking for an opportunity , opportune or not , to come out .
What exactly is it that you object to in my post ?
Can you be more specific or is it a game of random and wanton name calling ?
Mind you by making sloganeering as your secondary interest and reading what is written you could learn something ... you do not have to like it ... knowledge will not hurt you !
omar ibrahim baker - 10/19/2007 Mr Heuisler
I welcome the polite invitation to address the issue and hope you will calmly consider what I have to say .
I have divided your key sentence into two sections ( A&B ) for clarity .
A - " .... the issues of Islamofascists killing children in the name of a Jihad , "
*** I assume here that you are referring to bombings in occupied Palestine .
A war is going on there between two hugely unequal forces .
Atrocities are committed by both sides as is indiscriminate killing by both sides .
Israel bombed from the air with US supplied airplanes ( in fairness I must add that the US protested at the use of the airplanes - HAHAHA ) two residential buildings , one in Gaza and one in Nablus , that led to more than eighty ( 80 ) civilian deaths including women , children and oldsters .
Israel bombed an air raid shelter in Qana , Lebanon , that led to 165 civilian deaths .
Israel bombed a secondary school in Egypt at Bahr al BAKKAR , that led to more than 200 student and teachers deaths .
The killing of civilians is deplorable by any standard and strictly forbidden by Islam , all killing is except in case of war or execution of criminals , ( la taktulu al nafs al lati haram ALLAH katluha , says the Koran=do not kill any soul that God makes it a cardinal sin to kill ) .
However , that sad bad expression , if any " justification " is searched for I would rank Israel 's killing of civilians as much less " justifiable " and much more criminal for the the following reasons :
a- The huge imbalance of power to Israel 's advantage
b - Israel is the occupation force that is suppressing the Palestinian people .
For your information Mr Heuisler the ratio of killing in occupied Palestine is 3.5 Palestinian deaths to 1 Israeli death .
Palestinian resistance never targeted children as such as your question implies ; that there were children among Israeli casualties is , however , undeniable !
B -" in the name of a mythical Caliphate and who kill to codify Wahhabist Sharia with the torture , beheadings , female circumcision and honor killings it implies . "
*** The people you describe here are a tiny fringe lunatic minority rejected by all mainstream Islamist factions and movements as such .
To present them as a majority or as a sizable minority is not only untrue but is part and parcel of a conscious Zionist plan to dis inform the general Western , mainly US , public and demonize Islam thus forestalling any rapprochement between the Arab / Moslem world and the West .
Their actions , opinions and preaching of Islam is as representative of Islam as the " Inquisition courts " , " burning on the stake " or " quartering " would be of Christianity !
Both equally untenable , hate filled and ignorant stands .
Zionist , and Jewish , influence in Western mass media being what it is ( you do know that Rupert Murdoch , among many others in the media , is Jewish , I am sure ) the term I object to " Islamofascism " have gained wide currency through their efforts as REPRESENTING ALL ISLAMIST JIHADIST movements ; which is patently untrue !
You might recall that in an earlier post I said I have no objection to somebody saying , for example , " the fascist Islamist or Jihadist al Qaeda movement " which would restrict the qualification " fascist " to a certain specific movement .
There were , there still is , Christian Nazis ; it would be dishonest and disrespectful of readers if the term I always use is Christonazim or Nazochristianity !
No such thing exists neither does " Islamofascim " !
omar ibrahim baker - 10/19/2007 A - Origin ;
" Jihad " , derivatives include " jihadist " , " Al Jihad=Jihadism " etc , is derived from the verb " jahada= exert ( one self ) to the maximum .
Theologically and culturally it is used to denote any special , out of the day to day ordinary , effort that goes to achieve a certain task or mission .
JIHAD is manifested in personal improvement ( travel to far places to seek knowledge is Jihad ) , family or personal conditions amelioration ( to seek employment in hardship conditions or locations to improve a family 's financial resources is Jihad ) , and in society serving efforts ( participation in social work and community service is Jihad ) etc etc .
Another aspect of the meaning of Jihad to non Moslems , the one most liable to misunderstanding by people of good will and conscious distortion by people of ill will , relates to the effort to SPREAD the Faith , Islam , and to its DEFENSE .
At the outbreak of the Moslem mission it was Jihad to spread it , peaceably if possible , militarily if need be .
History records that prior to the Moslem campaigns to spread Islam in Byzantine and Persian dominated areas , being most adjacent and accessible to the Arabian Peninsula whence the mission sprung , emissaries were sent by the Prophet inviting their respective overlords to embrace Islam and allow their subjects to adopt it .
When both overlords turned down the invitation and beheaded the emissaries
Their domains were invaded by " Jihadist " armies of volunteers .
Instructions to the advancing armies were very strict and explicit :
- Absolutely no coercion was to be used with believers in monotheistic religions ; Judaism and Christianity .
If they chose to retain their faiths a tax , en lieu of military service , will be levied from them ( Al Jizya ) .
- Pagan worshippers would be compelled to adopt Islam or face the sword .
The mission of the invading Moslem armies to spread Islam was JIHAD ( fi sabil il LAH= in the cause of God . )
Once Islam was established in these invaded and conquered lands , with many others of course , it was AND IS always Jihad to defend ( Dar Al Islam= the home of Islam ) i.e. lands in which Islam took roots and general public acceptance as the religion of that land .
Other lands were classified as ( Dar al harb= home of war ) i.e. lands that has not ( yet ? ) allowed the mission to enter and invite its population to Islam .
The above is the basic , generally accepted , history and religious significance of Jihad in Arab and Moslem culture .
B -Subsequent History :
After a time lapse of several centuries in ever increasing lands ( up to China in the East and Spain / Portugal in the West ) of spreading the mission and the subsequent confrontation with a multitude of diverse cultures , several changes occurred .
Some of these changes , if not most , were mainly due to the geopolitical requirements of a large empire in which spreading the Faith , the original motive force , became secondary if at all in evidence in the later stages .
C- The relevance of Jihad to day :
Jihad is very much alive in Arab and Moslem life and culture in the personal , family and societal sense .
It is very much in evidence in the DEFENSE of Dar al Islam such as in Palestine , against Zionist occupation , and Iraq and Afghanistan against American occupation .
Both above facets of Jihad has universal acceptance and are firmly adhered to in the Arab / Moslem World .
The other important facet of Jihad , SPREADING the Faith , is much more controversial in contemporary life .
A very tiny minority , of absolutely no practical significance , adheres to the old model of conquest .
An important minority of some influence still believes in spreading the Faith through peaceful means .
They confront the tiny minority with the unassailable argument :
“ Since present Governments of non Moslem countries DO NOT DISALLOWS , or fight , the mission to spread the faith peacefully , there is , therefore , no need for conquest ! "
A second forceful argument they use is the Hadith of the Prophet : ” Antum Alam bi shooun dinyakum =
You know better the conditions of your world ( time and place ) ! ”
The majority , however , believes that since things , as far as faiths are concerned , have settled the way they did , SPREADING the Faith has become a private , personal consideration and not an affair of an Islamic mission .
D - Epilogue
The above is the perception of an actively engaged Moslem , a non Islamist but not an anti Islamist , observer of the concept and significance of JIHAD in the 21st century .
A perception possibly shared by many in the Arab / Moslem World .
omar ibrahim baker - 10/19/2007 Mr Friedman
I hope you will tell that to the Zionist gangs , and their heirs presently ruling Israel , who introduced , and keep alive , terrorism and barbarism in Palestine ; not least DEIR YASSIN when pregnant women were disemboweled , children killed in front of their parents etc etc !
It is a mockery , travesty and a tragedy that a Zionist preaches about morals .
Tell that to the biggest terrorist of all the Israeli Army whose air crafts destroyed inhabited RESIDENTIAL buildings in Gaza and Nablus .
That you a Zionist should preach morality is a contradiction and an insult to common sense and morality .
omar ibrahim baker - 10/19/2007 Mr Kovachev
If that is eveything you have read in my post then it is pointless to discuss things with you !
omar ibrahim baker - 10/19/2007 Mr Willis
Islam , as such , had nothing to do with 9/11 .
9/11 was never condoned by any Islamic authority of medium or substantial standing or representative character such as al Azhar , the many " muftis " , deans of schools of " sharia " etc .
As a matter of fact and record all major spokesmen of standing for Islam , there are several , Sunni Islam has no Pope nor equivalent , condemned the act as a criminal act against innocent people !
That some , whether Moslem or otherwise , chose to portray 9/11 as an act of Jihad reflects their sickness of mind and spirit .
To hold Islam directly or indirectly responsible , as does Fox news and similar Zionist mouthpieces , for the acts of a few is neither reasonable nor indicative of good will .
( That would be cheap , and I should add stupid , PR addressed to , and accepted by , the pitifully gullible . )
Re Israeli crimes :
You would have noticed , I hope , that :" I assume here that you are referring to bombings in occupied Palestine . "
With this assumption in mind what I had to say about Israeli policies and practices was relevant !
You can call that PR if it makes you feel better but these Israeli crimes are a matter of historical record .
omar ibrahim baker - 10/19/2007 Mr Friedman
The bombing of residential buildings in Nablus and Gaza , among many others , are very recent acts .
The episode of the UNSC appointed commission to investigate the Israeli crimes at Jenin miraculously passed without a US veto , that was DENIED entry by Israel , is still fresh in the minds of those who care !
Barbarism is an intrinsic , inborn component of the mental , psychological and spiritual buildup and mind formation of the culture that divides humanity into two distinct subdivisions : Jews and Goyim .
Israel is the " honest " , faithful incarnation of that culture !
Patrick M. Ebbitt - 9/24/2006 N.
Good evening .
It 's a given that my little righty jackboot friend would refuse to address any of my queries especially , one as embarrassing as this piece of dubious diplomacy in our fight against global terrorism .
However , it is very surprising that you would take up this debate with the old college try attitude .
Although , your willingness / open mindedness is quite commendable my answer to the questions ; " Must we always be perfectly consistent ?
Is there not something to divide and conquer ? " is a resounding ' yes ' on both counts .
We need not review the past ( 75 ) year history of despots supported by our government either directly or through American business interests nor shadow intermediaries that has given the world / run the gamut from Hitler to Saddam to Karimov to understand that errors in judgment have left us to fight / die in wars ( Iraq ) or stiffed holding the bag ( Cuba ) .
Look no further than the historical links in Iran of Mossaddeq / Shah Pahlevi / the Ayatollah 's as a benchmark .
But , Moammer Gadhafi is such at stretch that not even the neocons at Weekly Standard , Powerline or Little Green Footballs are shouting from the roof tops or banging pots / pans to this smoking peace pipe .
The State Department is even sheepish with paraphrased points such as ; renounced terrorism , expanding human rights or it is a move of little economic consequence as Europe is readily entrenched / major player .
Honestly , it is all about O - I - L. Libya got it / we do n't and need it badly .
Gadhafi clandestinely supports Hamas , Hezbollah and continues to pay bounty money to the families of Palestinian suicide bombers .
He has toned down his wiping out Israel rhetoric in favor of his White Book writings to go along with his nonsensical Green Book diatribe against capitalism and the West .
http://www.algathafi.org/medialeast/medialeast-en.htm
A brief synopsis declares :
* Return of Palestinian refugees to their land
* A multi-national state , based on the Lebanese model
* Free elections , under UN supervision
* Joint Jewish - Palestinian parliament
* Total dismantling of weapons in Middle East
Admirable do n't you think ?
Do you trust this snake to have shed his Islamic Socialism / Pan Arabism ideological skin ?
Do you favor a joint state of Isratine ?
Did you know that this aged dictator , the longest serving in the Arab world , is under intense pressure at home from Jihadists and seeks US support to thwart usurpation ?
From his strong support for the PLO , Black September , Carlos , IRA to the La Belle Disco / Pan Am bombing and murder of Yvonne Fletcher our great President Reagan carried out the only righteous diplomacy for this thug with the April 15 , 1986 retaliatory strikes against Tripoli and Benghazi .
Then Mr. Reagan went on to prove that sanctions really do work .
Mr. Reagan should have followed up and finished the job by overthrowing this menace .
Now we 'll coddle this tinhorn until we 're snake bitten again or have to face off against his successor regime .
In the meantime will we come to this murderers aid if / when he is overthrown by one of the numerous internal Libyan enemies ?
This has disaster written all over it for a few measly drops of oil .
Patrick M. Ebbitt - 9/24/2006 N.
(4) GI 's and ( 19 ) Iraqi 's dead today .
How 's was your day ?
The Churchill quote , while somewhat apt , was made to Parliament in justification against fears of Britain 's aligning with the Soviet communists in the fight against Hitler .
While both Britain and the US cast aside differences with the Reds in the life / death struggle against Nazism both nations made the grave mistake of fawning / coddling / embracing / lauding / bowing down and caving in to the Russians instead of remaining steadfast / vigilant / cautious and on guard against the Bear .
If the US and Britain had done so the Cold War may have been over sooner rather than later .
This quote does n't match up so well from , a historic perspective , with the current US / Libya thaw oher that if the US moves to full normalization with Gadhafi's Libya we must do so with the utmost wariness and from a position of dominance / strength .
The minute this despots steps out of bounds ...
WHAM !!!
Mitchell Cohen 's Dissent article that hypothetically places one in the HOP position of US President , circa 1981 world geopolitics , is excellent and I have taken the liberty to post it here for discussion purposes .
I have yet to formulate an answer and am still milling it around .
Give me until tomorrow to address this problem .
http://www.dissentmagazine.org/article/?article=344
Just a few discussion points / questions ...
First , why is the left always associated with dissent .
If one questions the Bush Administration policies they are branded as treasonous / traitors / un-American .
Yet , when President Clinton was in office the rightists such as Murdoch , Scaife , Kristol , Limbaugh , O'Reilly , Hannity , Robertson et al were never identified as such .
Their rhetoric against a sitting President Clinton was far more inflammatory / unrelenting / attacking / personal / derogatory and they all were seditious / treasonous / traitors / un-American ... still are in my book .
However , their acts of disloyalty was fully acceptable even applauded and rewarded .
Why the double standard ?
Second , the political nature of Jihadist 's align with to the right side of the political spectrum .
The term Islamofascist contains the word ' fascist ' which is the farthest point right on the political spectrum scale .
The more I think about this as not only being funny / ironic the more comparatives / similarities that can be drawn between the US right wing and practitioners of Arab Jihad .
The dictatorial / totalitarian nature , the suppression of rights / freedom / liberty , economic philosophies , treatment of women , religious zealotry , militarism , racist tendencies of both is strikingly dualist .
These two groups are kindred spirits ... totally .
What is your take on this blatantly obvious phenomenon ?
Have a good evening .
Patrick M. Ebbitt - 9/24/2006 Omar ,
Time heals all wounds and who knows in a few years America may shine the golden light of good graces on any number of Islamofascist regimes that are willing to play the game or have the desperately needed oil we crave .
If Libya and that murderous criminal Moammar Gadhafi are now our dear friends anyone can get into the club provided they have the right connections , money or credentials .
Also , as you are well aware the 1988 bombing of Pam Am Flight 103 over Lockerbie , Scotland , which killed 270 people , is ancient history and easily forgotten .
You know , let bygones be bygones .
Even the Libyan devil needs a play friend .
Bill ,
Now tell all the HNN readers ...
How much of a friend Mr. Gadhafi is to the USA ?
Knowing you 'll spin some old wives tale to cover this little inconvenient bump in the road toward bringing Democracy to the Arab world maybe , you can argue that lame excuse of good old Moammer ridding himself of those wicked WMD's Libya never had .
See , I really do like you .
Enough that I am even willing to help you get started on your defense of your new Islamofascist drinking buddy .
Peter Kovachev - 5/22/2006 http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2006/05/19/AR2006051901769_pf.html
This one outlines the charming details of the " education " millions of Muslim kids ( the " very tiny minority of absolutely no practical significance " ) the world over get on Jews , Christians , Animists and other " unbelievers . "
Peter Kovachev - 5/22/2006
One of many examples of your jihadist / islamist non-problem , Mr. Baker .
As in the whole Saudi educational system which is exported to all Islamic countries , including the West .
The " very tiny minority of absolutely no practical significance : "
http://www.gulfinstitute.org/artman/publish/article_48.shtml
Now you can put Mr. Ali Al - Ahmed of the Gulf Institute on your list of " traitors " and in line for fatwa as well , I suppose .
Peter Kovachev - 5/21/2006
Two points , Mr.Baker : 1 ) I was n't actually attempting to initiate a discussion with you in this case , I was making a general comment to Mr. Friedman and anyone else who might wander by and 2 ) what you wrote is essentially bad propaganda consisting of a shoddy patchwork of selected half - truths and outright lies .
Your " very tiny minority , " of jihadists which you , and only you , deem to be " of absolutely no practical significance , " is managing to wreak quite the little havoc out there : Millions of women turned into imprisoned chattel , millions of ordinary Muslims terrorised into submission to lunatics , murders of Jewish , Christian , Hindu and dissenting Muslim civilians , a racist genocide in Darfur , nuke - seeking mullahs in Iran , fatwas against intellectuals and politicians , et.c. , etc .
But then again all that horror , according to your logic , must be " defensive . "
Peter Kovachev - 5/21/2006
In other words , what Mr. Baker is trying to say is that in spite of the undeniable history of jihad wars as massacres and destructions of peoples and cultures in Asia , Middle East , North Africa , Southern Europe and the Balkans ; in spite of all the documented historical descriptions of jihad as a coersive military movement by centuries of Islamic scholars ; and inspite of the hundreds of terror groups waging campaigns of murder and genocide against Jews , Christians and Animists in the name of jihad and with quotes from the Koran , we are allowed to interpret jihad only as an admirable personal betterment strategy .
Kind of like concluding that because some Christian groups call their fund - raising and church - attendance efforts " crusades , " the Medieval Crusades were nothing but rather large church potlucks .
N. Friedman - 5/18/2006
Omar ,
Either Islam is categorically against massacring civilians or it is not .
Which is it ?
N. Friedman - 5/18/2006
Omar ,
Either Islam categorically permits Muslims to massacre civilians or it does not .
Which is it , Omar ?
N. Friedman - 5/18/2006
Omar ,
Then , in your view , Muslims have the right , according to Islamic law , to commit massacres against Israli civilians .
Is that your opinion or not ?
Yes or no ?
And , if it is your opinion , that means - no matter how you put it - that Islamic law permits Muslims to massacre civilians .
N. Friedman - 5/18/2006
Omar ,
This discussion is about Islam and Muslims , not about Israel and not about Judaism and not about Jews .
The behavior of Israelis or Jews or the view of Judaism does not affect whether or not Islam permits the massacring of civilians .
What you assert is an invalid argument .
So , either address the issue or admit the point and move on .
N. Friedman - 5/18/2006
Omar ,
Whether the Israelis are rats , angels or something in between has no bearing , as a matter of simple logic and common sense , on whether Islam condones the murder of civilians .
That issue is a question of Muslim ethnics , not Israeli behavior .
What you assert is known as a tu quoque .
Tu quoque , as explained in the dictionary , means " A retort accusing an accuser of a similar offense or similar behavior . "
[ Source : American Heritage Dictionary ]
Tu quoque is consided a logic fallacy .
In other words , your argument is an invalid argument .
As explained in an online source :
This fallacy is committed when it is concluded that a person 's claim is false because 1 ) it is inconsistent with something else a person has said or 2 ) what a person says is inconsistent with her actions .
This type of " argument " has the following form :
1. Person A makes claim X .
2. Person B asserts that A's actions or past claims are inconsistent with the truth of claim X .
3 . Therefore X is false .
http://www.nizkor.org/features/fallacies/ad-hominem-tu-quoque.html
Note that your argument is a textbook case of an tu quoque argument .
So , you have not said anything .
Perhaps , since you refuse to address the topic , that you admit that Islam permits the massacring of civilians .
And that is because - and this is simple logic , Omar , that simply cannot be escaped by changing the topic - when Muslim clerics say that it is ok under Islamic law to massacre Israeli civilians , such clerics are saying that Islam permits the killing of civilians .
And the reason , Omar , that there is so much violence in Islamic countries and from Muslims all over the world is that Islamic clerics are unwilling to say categorically that massacring civilians is wrong .
And that is due , in part , to their condoning of such violence against Israelis and Indians and Russians , among others .
If such position by Islamic clerics is not itself a corruption of Islamic law and ethnics , then Islam does condone the massacring of civilians .
Bill Heuisler - 5/18/2006
Omar ,
Your inability to discuss the issue of Jihad terrorists and our response
to their attacks is amusing .
Do n't understand my references ?
Or do you deny reality ?
Egypt , Jordan and the Palestinians depend on US gifts of billions to survive .
But squalor abides .
Rejection , etc?Jordanian and Egyptian Governments refused to take Palestinian refugees after wars with Israel .
The bulk of the populations in Near Eastern Moslem countries are poor and uneducated and the Arafats and the Assads foment hatred of the West in order to explain the abject failures of their societies .
Truth hurts ?
Accusing me of hatred is myopic .
Islamofascists attacked the US who meant them no harm .
But hatred is the major export of the Cassandras of the Caliphate .
It will redound in their absolute destruction .
And be assured , I will do my part .
Bill Heuisler
N. Friedman - 5/18/2006
Omar ,
Well , sometimes Muslim clerics condemn attacks on civilians .
Other times they do not .
Hence , blowing up civilians in Israel is not condemned by too many Muslim clerics .
In fact , some - in fact , quite a number of - rather famous Muslim clerics claim such barbarism is perfectly ok .
So , when such clerics say that such behavior is ok , they are saying that Islam condones massacring civilians .
There is no getting around that , Omar .
This is a question of logic and consistency .
And , who can blaim people like bin Laden from misundertanding these clerics .
Situational ethics is a Western , not an Islamic notion .
So , hearing that it is open season even on Israeli children , it is no wonder that Jihadis decide that it is ok to massacre other children as well - e.g. in Beslan or on 9/11 or in Bali and in countless other places .
And , it is no wonder that Westerners conclude that Islam permits the massacre of civilians - because , in fact , such acts receive the blessing of clerics when it suits a political objective .
Perhaps , it is you who do not understand the clerics .
Really , what they are saying is not that massacring civilians is wrong but that , in some cases , it is politically incorrect to admit such to be the case .
And , do not give me excuses that it is ok to massacre Israelis because that is the only way for Palestinian Arabs to make their point .
If that is so , then Palestinian Arabs have no moral right to fight .
Such has been the tradition for anyone believing in just war over since that theory has been debated .
And , do not tell me that Israelis do bad things so that Arabs must commit massacres against civilians .
Israeli wrongs - if the Israelis are wrong in the cases you assert - are no excuse for Palestinian Arabs to behave , as a matter of primary tactic , immorally .
And , do not tell me that all Israelis serve in the military so that makes massacring civilians ok .
Note , that the civilians in Israel who have been massacred include a school of children , elderly people celebrating a religious holiday , a family celebrating a wedding , non-Israelis who happened to be in the wrong place at the wrong time , Arab families in the wrong place at the wrong time , women shot dead while driving , etc. , etc . .
But , this point is not about Israel .
It is about flexible ethics by Muslim clerics .
And , clerics holding the view that some massacres are ok but others are not are , frankly , not worthy of the term cleric .
If they are worthy of respect according to Muslims , then we are dealing with a lot of barbarians , not a fringe , as you suggest .
A religion is what its followers want it to be and , evidently , these clerics see barbarism as religiously justified , at least in some instances .
And , I do not hear Muslims saying they are wrong .
And I do not see the distinction between it being ok to massacre some civilians but not others .
N. Friedman - 5/17/2006 Patrick ,
While I do not believe that perfect consistency is consistent with survival - at least not in all circumstances - , your point about Qadhafi is very well taken .
And , thank you for the information about him .
Regarding perfect consistency , I remind you of Churchill 's comment " If Hitler invaded hell I would make at least a favorable reference to the devil in the House of Commons . "
Which is to say , it is sometimes necessary to deal with barbarians .
For a good discussion regarding perfect consistency and foreign policy , read " A Thought Experiment for the Left , " by Mitchell Cohen , Dissent Magazine , Summer , 2004 at http://www.dissentmagazine.org/article/?article=344 .
I trust you realize that Cohen is no right winger and Dissent Magazine is not a journal of the right .
Ricardo Luis Rodriguez - 5/17/2006
Palestinian resistance never targeted children as such as your question implies ; ....- HAHAHA
Bill Heuisler - 5/17/2006 Omar ,
Intent is important .
When an Israeli missile hits Hamas HQ in a crowded city and a Hamas bomber walks into a pizza parlor crowded with teens there is a distinct difference I should not have to explain .
Crowds of Palestinians cheered the bomber ( carried his picture ) the day after the Sbarro pizza parlor bomb killed and wounded hundreds of kids .
Intent is pretty manifest there .
And your arguments on HNN presuppose that Americans should be concerned with Palestinians .
Why should we ?
Remember how crowds of Palestinians cheered the killing of US civilians after 9/11 ?
Apparently Jihadists make no distinction among enemies and methods as long as killers are Muslim and the victims are not .
Am I wrong ?
How ?
The US has given Palestinians many billions of dollars .
Islam has given these people rejection , oppression , ignorance , poverty and hatred , and yet they cheer American - killers for being Believers .
This sounds very much like mass psychosis similar to the USSR of Stalin , Mao's China , Pol Pot 's Burma , Hitler 's Germany and Mussolini 's Italy .
No ?
Why not ?
Give me a reason why Islamofascist is not appropriate for these bloody agents of a New Caliphate .
Bill Heuisler
Rob Willis - 5/17/2006 Mr. Baker , if what you say about Islam condeming 9/11 as a criminal act , perpetrated by rogue Islamics and in the name of Islam , what would be the historical penalty visited upon them by mainstream Islam ?
Being a history forum , and considering the topic of this thread , I would be interested to know :
What such a punishment should be , and who is able to call for it ?
N. Friedman - 5/17/2006
Omar ,
The issue is the world today , not the world fifty - eight years ago .
And , frankly , fifty - eight years ago , there were no shortage of massacres committed by Arabs .
But , even if , fifty - eight years ago , Israelis had been wholly at fault - which is a nonsense claim - , that is no excuse for using the masacre as the war tactic of choice .
As I said , the tactics employed by Palestinian Arabs are the tactics of barbarians .
Rob Willis - 5/17/2006
If killing of innocents is against Islamic law , as you stated with a straight face , would you kindly explain the civilians murdered in the name of Islam on 9/11 ?
Again , you are unable to be even modestly objective .
Whether Israel has commited the war crimes you mention is not relevant to this conversation .
They have their reasons , you have yours .
But you are incapable of applying your own rules to yourself , which tells me that you do n't really believe your own PR .
R. Willis
N. Friedman - 5/17/2006
Omar ,
You write : " A war is going on there between two hugely unequal forces "
With due respect , the right to commit attrocities does not come from having the weaker force .
In just war theory , if you know that fighting if futile without committing attrocities , then the fight is considered an unjust war .
A war to be just must be fought to achieve the minimal aim necessary to allow for a decent life and must be fought primarily by legitimate aims .
Attacking civilians as the tactic of choice , given the general circumstances , is illegitimate .
The Palestinian Arab cause is illegitimate to the extent that it aims to destroy the rights of Israelis by eliminating Israel and also due to the fact that illegimate means are the norm , not the exception .
And the means are illegimate because the main tactic is to massacre civilians .
Tactics aimed primarily at civilians are the tactics of barbarians , which is what the Palestinian Arabs have adopted as their tactic of choice .
So , this unequal talk of yours is nonsense .
Where there is no chance to achieve a victory in a war by legitimate war means , the war simply is illegimate and unjust .
In response to an unjust war , the other party may crush those who use such illegitimate means .
James H Dalrymple - 5/17/2006
Muslim countries have never been strong on individual freedom and have committed numerous atrocities so it is right that they should be sorted out .
Who is the hero ?
The USA ?
Lies , deceit , torture , detention without trial , depleted uranium , white phosphorus , thousands dead , whole cities levelled .
Oh dear this is getting difficult .
N. Friedman - 5/16/2006 Patrick ,
Must we always be perfectly consistent ?
Is there not something to divide and conquer ?
Bill Heuisler - 5/16/2006 Omar ,
Please stop avoiding the issue of Moslem terrorists .
A week or so ago you accused me of using a " PR " term when I wrote about Islamofascists .
This latest post , you accused the author of using a " PR " term , jihad .
Insult my intelligence if it makes you feel superior , but address the issues of Islamofascists killing children in the name of a Jihad , in the name of a mythical Caliphate and who kill to codify Wahhabist Sharia with the torture , beheadings , female circumcision and honor killings it implies .
Address the issue from the unique viewpoint of a coreligionist .
Accusing me of using PR words avoids taking a stand .
But it 's difficult to defend a suprareligious , overtly nationalistic code of oppression , torture , death and fanaticism , is n't it ?
Bill Heuisler
Bill Heuisler - 5/15/2006 Omar ,
Do n't like Jihad ?
Too bad , but it describes the current situation in Moslem countries where innocents are killed in the name of Islam .
The word comes directly from the Koran .
What word would you use ?
Do n't like Islamofascist ?
PR ?
No , Islamofascist is s good way for me to describe ultranationalist cowards who kill the innocent when they cannot fight like warriors .
In my estimation , the Caliphate is very similar to some " Greater Germany " or " New Roman Empire " envisioned by Hitler and Mussolini and utilized by them to rationalize the slaughter of innocents and the militarization of their people .
You object to my describing those who throw the wheelchair - bound overboard ; who slit women 's throats and behead bound prisoners ; who set off nail bombs in pizza restaurants and nightclubs to kill young girls and boys ; who set off nail bombs among little children getting candy .
Islamofascists describes those men and women who kill children for a greater Caliphate where religious oppression of women and atrocities like female circumcision and " honor killings " of rape victims are part of the law of the land enforced by street thugs .
Do you recall the Taliban in Afganistan , the Jangaweed in Sudan , Aideed in Somalia , Hussein in Iraq and now that maniac in Iran ?
Do n't like my word ?
What 's yours ?
Islamofascism sounds like a perfect description to me , and jihad is their operative word , not ours .
Bill Heuisler
N. Friedman - 5/15/2006 Correction .
The following sentence should be corrected becuase it has a bad typo : " It has a history , tied to da'wa but largely to spread by the faith fighting by means in order to create conditions ( i.e. the existence of Islamic rule under Shari'a ) where people would tend to convert . "
The sentences should read :
It has a history , tied to da'wa but largely in order to spread the faith by means of fighting in order to create conditions ( i.e. the existence of Islamic rule under Shari'a ) where people would tend to convert .
N. Friedman - 5/15/2006 Professor Gerges ,
It sounds as if you have written an interesting book .
I shall add it to my list .
I do note some problems in what you write .
The Islamist end game is , as you say , authoritarian and no different for the average person , than any other authoritarian regime .
I am not sure that is correct .
For example , the regime in Sudan has been remarkably cruel , forcing non-Muslims to convert to Islam , selling large numbers of people ( i.e. at least 100,000 non-Muslim people ) into slavery and massacring untold numbers of non-Muslim people - millions have died -.
For example , the Taliban , before it was overthrown , was intent on forcing non-Muslims to wear special identifying clothing ( i.e. clothing so that everyone would know the person 's religion ) , blowing up symbols of other people 's religion and employing remarkably barbaric practices ( e.g. beheadings ) to enforce its religious , not its political power , prerogatives .
And the government of Iran stones people to death and radically discriminates most especially against Muslim derived faiths it considers to have veered from the true faith ( e.g. the Ba'ahai ) .
And not only are the governments nasty and cruel , but they do , contrary to what you suggest , seen to focus their cruelty around religion .
Again , in Sudan , people were forced in large numbers to convert and children were taken from their parents and forced to convert .
The division of people under Taliban rule was by religion .
In Iran , the discrimination of the government is by religion and the use of stoning is for religious reasons .
So , I think you go much to far when you attempt to secularize the Jihadists and Islamists .
Then there is the question of the division of politics and religion .
It does not sound at all clear that the two are really distinguished .
Rather , it sounds as if you assign Western notions of what is political and what is religious to people who do not make that division .
Now , I think your book worth reading due to your commendable effort to speak with Jihadis .
But , I think there is something to someone being a Jihadi , rather than a rebel or militant or combatant .
Jihad is a religious term , as you surely know .
It has a history , tied to da'wa but largely to spread by the faith fighting by means in order to create conditions ( i.e. the existence of Islamic rule under Shari'a ) where people would tend to convert .
That is a bit of Qutbian read on Jihad but it is certainly consistent with the history of Jihad conquests .
Lastly , I do not think you are correct that Westerners believe that all Muslims are one with the Jihadis .
I think that the opposite has been said repeatedly , even by President Bush ( i.e. they hijacked the religion ) .
On the other hand , there surely are large numbers of Muslims who side with the aims of the Jihadis , who celebrated the attacks , etc. , etc .
And , quite clearly , the Jihadis have not been well challenged in the Muslim regions .
This is because , in fact , the Jihad tradition is a real one so such people are not outside of legitimate strains of the Muslim tradition .
I shall , nonetheless , read your book because it sounds like a good one .
Los Angeles , CA – A thirteen - year - old girl posing as a record executive on MySpace has lured several bands to Los Angeles with promises of a record contract .
Members of Fonix Cat , a neopunk - country band from Kansas City , were the latest victims .
They packed up their gear and headed west hoping for a record contract ; instead they left with shattered dreams .
Ashley Morgan , 13 , has used her ' sonymusicexec ' MySpace profile to lure several bands to her Los Angeles home .
Ashley was grounded so she could n't talk to us on the phone for this report .
Fonix Cat bassist , Davin McLeod said , " Her profile was called ' sonymusicexec ' , how were we supposed to know it was n't legit .
I guess we should 've realized she was a fake when she promised us free studio time and said she loved our music . "
On arriving at Ashley 's house , band members were lured inside with free pizza and Crystal Light .
" How could we resist ? " said McLeod .
" She locked us in the basement and told us we had to play for her free .
It was n't that bad , so we stuck around for a while .
Her mom eventually kicked us out . "
Online band predators are such a big concern that the RIAA has created a website warning bands about the problem .
The site gives a few warning signals that bands should watch out for :
If you think the record executive is a " nice person " then you are n't dealing with a real executive .
It 's common knowledge that all record executives are assholes .
If the contract you 're being offered seems " fair " then you 're dealing with an online band predator .
Related News Metallica's New Album is Napster - Proof Digital Music Player Showdown : Apple 's iPod vs Zune Overclocked Jesus Performs Miracles Faster
One record executive who wished to remain anonymous said , " I 'm not surprised .
Most of these bands are as dumb as dirt .
They 'll fall for anything .
Anyway , most record executives I know are posing as thirteen year old girls on MySpace .
Ironic do n't you think ? "
More Tech News Recommend this Story to a Friend
The Science of Art
The world of mathematics might seem far removed from the world of art , but mathematics both describes and enables the creation of beautiful forms .
Furthermore , the same mathematical description that lets us create folded art also allows us to solve real - world practical problems in the fields of science , engineering , technology , medicine , and more .
Here 's an interesting post from a Java guy trying to decide between Ruby on Rails and Seaside .
He has quite a few interesting things to say concerning the shortcomings of Ruby on Rails , and how well Seaside handles that complexity with ease .
He also has a few complaints about Seaside , most of them valid .
Seaside still is n't the full stack solution that Ruby on Rails is .
We still have to handle object relational mapping , something Ruby on Rails gives you for free .
Nor does Seaside deal with object validation and errors , I use Magritte for this .
Magritte rocks , but I 'm not sure the average guy trying out Seaside will find it , or learn how to use it .
From an outside point of view , Ruby on Rails looks like a much more complete solution .
We have Glorp , which can do this , but only against Postgres Sql in Squeak .
Nothing against Postgres , but seriously , in the real business world , it 's either Microsoft Sql Server or Oracle ; and it's also usually a legacy database , so we really need something like Glorp for those databases , because something like ActiveRecord is just too brain dead to work .
Most of the schemas I have to work with suck , and can't be changed because people used the database as an integration point for multiple apps ( God I 'm tired of seeing people make this mistake ) .
Doing a simple class = table , object = row mapping just does n't cut the mustard for legacy development against existing databases .
Seaside is far more advanced than Ruby on Rails , and is a much better web framework for doing anything complex , but we 're still missing the market on CRUD apps .
CRUD against a popular business database is still far too difficult using Squeak .
I 'm sure Visualworks has far better database support , but I want something free ...
I want Squeak , I want Squeak to work with Sql Server , I want a Pony ... :(
The Top Ten “ I do n’t know what to say ” Gifts
“ I do n’t know what to say . ”
The Men of Mortuaries Calendar 2008
Dig the men of Mortuaries – had to be said .
These hawt bois are just dying to show you how much they dig their job .
What is really cool is that the men are not all 21 to 25 years of age .
Mr. October 2008 ( my birthday month ) Frank Campailla is a 50 year old hard body who “ enjoys working with wood . ”
No Comment .
The money raised from the sale of this beautifully morbid but intriguing pin-up calendar of hunky morticians will benefit the KAMM Foundation , which provides care and help for those going through breast cancer treatment .
So if the treatments do n’t cure the cancer could one of these beefy hunky morticians to do the work in his Pin Up attire ?
I ’m just asking …
Also available : T - Shirts and DVDs
9 ) Barbie USB Drive
Rip the head off the cute Barbie doll , and plug her into your PC .
8 ) Microsoft 's horrible
7 ) Chicken Pox Buddy
Even Better !
The piece of jewelry that says it all .
- The Stunning ( Pepper Spray ) Ring .
From the website : a beautiful self - defense ring with pepper spray , offers safety , elegance and confidence close at hand .
THE STUNNING RING , elegantly crafted in silver and gold plating with a genuine black onyx stone , is the perfect self - defense ring for women or men .
A framed Google Satellite map of their gift receiver ’s house / apartment
I know exactly where you live , is n’t it cool !
Look , in this picture it an even shows you sunbathing …
Includes realistically patterned and shaped placenta and cord , which has a snap fastener attachment to the doll .
Please be kind do n’t give a ugly Christmas sweater to someone you actually like .
If you do n’t like them than this is a great website to purchase their “ I hate you ” Christmas sweater .
Costco Caskets
The Edward Casket
There is no scientific or other evidence that any casket with a sealing device will preserve human remains .
by Sierra Night TideThere are some things you just do n't give as Christmas gifts .
There are some things that boggle your mind when you see what you got as a Christmas gift … Items such , as perfumed deodorant does n’t count as a feminine product of luxury so no one should even try to classify this as ‘ perfume ’ .
Yet almost everyone has received that ‘ I do n’t know what to say ’ gift .
This is the season for greed , out doing your relative or co worker and bottom lines , so join in the capitalistic fun by buying gifts that give that “ I do n’t know what to say ” effect .10 ) * Traditional calendars for Excel , $ 7.50 *
Make Flash presentations in PowerPointOne of the most cutest diseases is now a cuddly wuddly stuffed sleeping toy .
Who would n't love to sleep with chicken pox ?
Giving it to someone that your not too close to ?
Or you can give them the flu , not as pretty but he ’s green !
6 ) 5) 4 )
Pygmy GoatFrom the website African Pigmy Goats are very small in size , averaging 15 - 20 inches tall at the shoulder .
They provide small amounts of high quality milk but are considered a meat goat .
Bucks are taller than does .
The pygmy is small , cobby and compact and is not fine - boned like the dairy breeds or Nigerian Dwarfs .
The head is dished - shape with medium - sized erect ears .
They occur in a variety of colors , but most are grizzled colored .
Muzzle , forehead , socks and dorsal stripes are all darker than the body and are shades of black or brown .
This is one of the varieties of African Dwarf Goats , and it is very rare .
http://www.gotpetsonline.com/cgi-bin/Eware/view_ads.cgi?fcad_id=625243)
Fetal Doll in Pink or BrownI do n’t think there is anything I could write that complements just how strange this is .
The fact that this is not a gag gift is what makes it so strange and a bit creepy .
From the website : Enough said .
http://www.birthsource.com/Scripts/prodView.asp?idproduct=1392)
Ugly Christmas Sweaters1 )
Russia said it was looking at revoking the licences of Peter Hambro , the gold mining company , in a fresh challenge yesterday to western businesses operating in the country .
The Russian authorities have already attacked Shell , TNK - BP and ExxonMobil over their environmental records .
Shares in Peter Hambro fell nearly 14 % to £ 10.25 , wiping more than £ 130 m off the value of the Aim - listed firm .
Oleg Mitvol , the deputy head of Russia 's environmental watchdog Rosprirodnadzor , has said Peter Hambro is not exploiting and developing two of its gold licences nor three chrome ones .
But the company said it had already sold its interest in the three chrome licences , which means the challenge only affects the two gold ones it owns in the Yamal region of western Siberia .
The group , which owns 54 licences in Russia , is understood to have had its two gold deposits inspected towards the beginning of the year , resulting in a penalty of £ 200 over deficiencies in the filing of documents on the group 's exploration assets in the region .
Peter Hambro , the founder and executive chairman , said the news came as a surprise .
" We 've heard nothing from the national resources ministry , " he said .
Company representatives were seeking clarification from the ministry and relevant authorities , he said .
There were suggestions Mr Mitvol 's inquiry was linked to environmental concerns .
Mr Hambro pointed out that the International Finance Corporation , a member of the World Bank Group , has a 3.5 % shareholding in the company , which he said would negate such concerns .
The environment watchdog 's actions do not affect Peter Hambro 's main mines , Pokrovskiy and Pioneer , which were given a clean bill of health last year .
Critics of Russia 's approach say it could damage the flow of foreign investment into the country .
Charles Kernot of Seymour Pierce said the problem could be a local one that would be overcome .
" Alternatively , this is the first of a thousand cuts and the honeymoon period presented by the company 's joint Russian - British management team is drawing to a close . "
But he added that the fact the group 's main business was given a clean bill of health suggested the market had over - reacted .
The news comes after Shell , BP and ExxonMobil were challenged by Mr Mitvol .
The environmental watchdog has threatened to revoke Shell 's Sakhalin - 2 project licence on ecological grounds .
TNK - BP , the Anglo - Russian oil venture , has been threatened with licence withdrawal and a new investigation is set to be launched into ExxonMobil 's Sakhalin - 1 .
SAN FRANCISCO -- Stanford Professor Lawrence Lessig warned that today 's fast - growing , free - wheeling Internet is threatened by network providers who want to control innovation and commerce on the Internet much the way AT&T once controlled the phone networks .
Speaking at the Open Source Business Conference here , Lessig said society has to decide if it wants to continue down the current path of a " read - only " Internet or embrace what he called a " read / write Internet " with broad access to content and the ability to legally build on the creative works of others .
Lessig did say he was n't in favor of content being entirely proprietary or entirely free , but he fears the repercussions of the former being the dominant business model .
© All Rights Reserved .
Please do not distribute without written permission from Damn Interesting .
When the Empire of Nippon launched its massive attack on Pearl Harbor on the morning of 7 December 1941 , Airman 1st Class Shigenori Nishikaichi was among the raiders , escorting a group of bombers in his Zero fighter .
After two successful runs , the bombers were seeking further targets when , seemingly from nowhere , a flight of nine US air fighters attacked them .
The US forces were flying P - 36As , and were hugely outclassed by the Zeros .
Despite the advantage of surprise , the US planes were quickly dispatched .
Nevertheless , one round had punctured the fuel tank of Shigenori Nishikaichi ’s fighter , and he began losing fuel .
That single bullet set into motion events that would eventually lead to United States interning more than one - hundred thousand people of Japanese heritage⁠ — despite their citizenship⁠ — in concentration camps for the remainder World War II .
Airman 1st Class Shigenori Nishikaichi
As the Japanese pilot made his way back to the aircraft carrier , his injured plane fell behind .
It soon became apparent that he would not be able to reach the carrier as it steamed away from Hawaii and back toward Japan .
Instead he fell back on his emergency orders : he was to land on the uninhabited island of Niihau and wait on the north beach for an Imperial submarine to make rescue .
On his first flyby however , he noticed a severe flaw in the plan .
Contrary to Japan ’s pre-attack intelligence , the tiny island was inhabited .
Choice of landing locations was sparse .
On his second pass over Niihau , Nishukaichi located an area he considered suitable , and attempted landing near an isolated house .
As he began to touch down , his plane became entangled in a wire fence which had gone unnoticed during his surveys from the air .
The Zero went nose - first into the ground .
The island of Niihau had been sold by King Kamehameha V to the Robinson family , who retained control even in 1941 .
It was closed off to outsiders , but the native Niihauans and members of the Robinsons did live on the island raising cattle , sheep , and honey .
One of the island residents , Hawaiian Howard Kaleohano , watched the plane crash , and being unaware of the nearby attack on the neighboring island , rushed out to help .
The pilot emerged rather beaten and groggy .
Kaleohano took the pilot ’s papers and sidearm , and hefted him away from the wreck .
Kaleohano was one of the few island residents to speak English , but Nishikaichi ’s English was very rudimentary .
A neighbor who ’d been born in Japan was summoned to help .
This first translator traded only a few words with the pilot before his face was cast in a pallor⁠ — like he ’d received a terrible shock⁠ — and he refused to be part of the strange events .
The Island of Niihau
Next called was Yoshio Harada .
He ’d been born in the Hawaiian Islands , and was thus a United States citizen .
He and his wife , Irene , spoke both Japanese and English .
Nichikaichi told the couple about the attack on Oahu , and demanded the return of his weapon and papers .
His demands were refused .
The Haradas did n’t share the news of the newly started war with the other islanders .
The islanders treated their guest to a luau .
He ate well and even sang for his rescuers , unaware that his rescue sub had already been ordered to head back into the Pacific to intercept any incoming US ships .
By nightfall , however , the radio news informed the residents of Niihau about the day ’s tragic events , and they took Nishikaichi into custody .
For lack of proper jailing facilities , he was kept in the house of the luau host the first night .
The next day Yoshio Harada escorted the captured pilot to Kii Landing to await the authorities .
Unbeknownst to them , the Navy had curtailed maritime traffic , preventing the Robinson family ’s representative from reaching the island to pick up the prisoner .
Over the next few days Nishikaichi played with Harada ’s loyalties , pitting his citizenship against his heritage .
Harada ’s allegiance swayed , and over the course of the day the Japaneese - American Harada stole a pistol and a shotgun .
That night the two men armed themselves and escaped the other guards .
They returned to the house where the crashed Zero was located , but they did n’t find the house ’s owner there ⁠
— Kaleohano had been in the outhouse , and hid there when he saw them coming .
The two fugitives tried to use the radio in the crashed plane , but after an unsuccessful attempt they walked back to the nearby house .
As they returned , Kaleohano sprang from his hiding place and dashed away to make his escape .
Nishikaichi fired at the fleeing Hawaiian , and missed .
Battle lines were drawn , with Nishikaichi and the Haradas on one side , and Kaleohano rallying residents to the other .
In search of help , Kaleohano and a group of others started to row toward Kauai .
Other islanders lit a signal fire atop
Niihau ’s highest point , Mount Paniau , which was visible from Kauai .
Finally , the Robinson family representative received permission to make for Niihau .
On the night of 12 December , Nishikaichi and Harada stormed the town , and captured a small group of residents .
The Japanese pilot demanded that Kaleohano be turned over to him .
Though the islanders knew that the man had set off for a Kauai , they made a show of looking as a stalling tactic .
When the moment presented itself , one of the captive islanders named Ben Kanahele spoke in Hawaiian , urging Harada to ask his Japanese cohort for a weapon .
Harada did so , and once Nishikaichi handed over the shotgun , Kanahele rushed him .
Tule Interment Camp
Nishikaichi pulled his pistol from his boot and shot Ben Kanahele thrice ⁠ — chest , hip , and groin⁠ — but it was n’t enough to stop the enraged Hawaiian .
He lifted Nishikaichi and threw him against a stone wall .
Kanahele ’s wife took up a stone , and began to stove in the pilot ’s skull until her husband could get a knife and finish the man off .
With defeat inevitable , Yoshio Harada turned the shotgun into his own gut , and fired .
Ben Kanahele recovered from his wounds .
In August 1945 he was awarded two presidential citations , the Medal of Merit and the Purple Heart .
The incident spawned the Navy ’s report that indicated a “ likelihood that Japanese residents previously believed loyal to the United States may aid Japan . ” .
Irene Harada was imprisoned for her part in helping the pilot escape .
President Franklin D. Roosevelt used the incident and subsequent naval report to rationalize Executive Order 9066 , which was meant to allow local military commanders to designate “ military areas ” as “ exclusion zones ” , from which “ any or all persons may be excluded . ”
It was n’t two weeks before it was interpreted to allow the segregating of all people of Japanese descent from the west coast into concentration camps in the interior US .
The actions of one man in a unique situation ultimately led the US government to imprison over 120,000 Japanese Americans , a shameful and unjust measure intended to protect the country from future betrayals .
MTA のアクセス制 御
MTA の各種のアクセス制御手法について思いつくままにメモしたもの。ほとんどは spam 対策だが、こうすれば spam を撃退できる、というガイドではない。絶大な効果があるものから、ほとんど効果がないどころか多大な副作用をもたらすものまで、さまざまな手法をとにかく列挙する。筆者は spam 対策について は 「 やりすぎるぐらいならば何もしない方がマシ」という立場を取っているので、メリットよりもデメリットを重視する。なお、分量はわずかだが
DoS 対策や内部ユーザによる abuse を防止する手法についても触れる（この文書は spam 対策技術のメモではなく MTA のアクセス制御手法のメモである） 。
ローカル配送された後にユーザごとで選別する方法についてはほとんど取り上げない。携帯電話向け spam についても触れない。特定の
MTA や対策ツールにかたよった記述はほとんどしないし、特に必要な場合を除き設定例も挙げない。一部に説明をはしょって不正確になっているところもあるし、根本的に嘘を書いてるところもあるかもしれない。筆者の偏った主観が客観を装って紛れこんでいるのも否定しない。事実誤認や、記載されていない手法の情報提供や意見などはメールでどうぞ。
概論
spam 対策の基 本
多くの spam 対策は両刃の剣である。spam を拒否しようとして、spam でないメールを捨ててしまう可能性はゼロではない。spam の蔓延は困ったものだが、間違った spam 対策も多く蔓延している 。
spam 対策で重要なのは、 「 spam を受け取らない 」 ことではなく、 「 spam でないメールを確実に受け取る」ことである。 99.99 % の割合で spam を遮断するが 10 % の割合で spam 以外のメールまで拒否してしまう方法よりも、spam は 90 % しか減らないが正当なメールを spam として誤認する可能性 が 0.01 % しかない方法が（もしあるのならば）そちらの方がずっと優れている。さまざまな spam 対策方法が考案され宣伝されているが、spam をどれだけ減らせたか、ではなく、spam でないメールへの影響がどれだけ少ないか、という観点で評価すべきである。
spam を 100 % 排除する確実な方法がひとつある。それは、spam でないメールも含めてすべてのメールを拒否することである。しかし、それではメールを使う意味がない。逆に spam 対策をまったくしなければ、間違えて拒否してしまう可能性は 0 % である。しかし、spam に埋もれて大事なメールを見逃してしまうのならば受け取らないのと同じである。また、spam のためにメールボックスが容量オーバーになって重要なメールを受け取れないというのも避けなければならない。
個人的には 、1日に受けとる spam が10〜20通程度までならば、spam 対策は一切不要で、受け取った後に目視で選別すれば十分だと思う。それを越えて spam のせいで重要なメールを読むのに支障を来たすようになってから対策すれば十分だろう。
なお、spam でないメールを spam と誤認してしまうことを false positive 、spam メールを spam でないとして見逃してしまうことを false negative という。上述のことを言い換えると 、FP の割合を限りなくゼロに近い値に抑えたまま、FN をひと り1日あたり数通程度に減らすのが目標になる。
もちろん、spam でないメールをある程度失うリスクを承知した上でそれでも spam を蹴りたい、というのであれば、誤判定の確率の高い制御手法を導入するのはかまわないだろう。しかし、ある程度のユーザをかかえるサーバの管理者ならばやめておいた方がいい。自分のメールをなくすだけならともかく、自分のサイトの他のユーザのメールまでなくす危険にさらすべきではない。どうしても導入したい場合は受信を拒否するのではなく、何らかの方法でヘッダなどにそれとわかる目印を付加しておくなどしておいて、後段のフィルタで処理することを考えた方がいいだろう。SMTP はメールが 100 % 確実に届くことを保証するプロトコルではないが、そのことを false positive が増えることの免罪符にしてはならない 。100 % の到達性が保証されていないのが事実だが、自分のサーバのところまで到達しているのにそれを受け取らないのは
SMTP のプロトコルの不備ではなく、サーバ管理者の怠慢・傲慢にほかならない。
もうひとつ重要なこと。spam を憎むあまり、spam でないメールを送ってくるサイトに迷惑をかけてはならない。spam かどうか判定するために自分のホストのリソースを消費するのは自分の勝手だが、他人のホストのリソースをあてにするのは極力避けるべきである。spam に悩まされているのは事実かもしれないが、それを蹴るのに他人の褌で相撲を取るのはエゴ以外の何物でもない。他人にリソースを借りてまで自分の満足を追及してはならない。世の spam 対策手法にはこの視点が欠けているものが多いので注意すること。
まとめ。spam 対策の原則 。
「 spam を受け取らない 」 ことよりも 「 spam でないメールを確実に受け取る」ことを重視しなければならない。 spam でないメールを送ってくるサイトに迷惑をかけてはならない。
なお、この文書では spam とは何かについてあえて定義しない。もちろん個人的な定義はあるが、それを表明することはしない。どれを spam と見なすかは人によって幅がある。つまり、まったく同じメールでも spam と見なす人とそうでない人がいるかもしれない。だからこそ、spam かどうかあやしいメールは MTA で機械的に判断せずに素通しして、受け取る人間の判断に任せるべきだろう。繰り返すが、必要なものを受け取れないリスクを冒すよりは、不要なものを受け取るリスクを冒すべきである。
spam の扱 い
いかにして spam とそうでないアクセスを判定するか、ということの前にまず、spam 判定したものをどう取り扱うか、ということについて。RFC2505 # 1.5
1. SMTP 以前の TCP レベルでそもそも応答しな い 2 . SMTP のセッション中で受け取りを拒否する 2a. 5 xx で拒否する（恒久的エラー） 2b. 4xx で拒否する（一時的エラー） 3 . 受け取る 3a .
受け取ってから送信元にエラーメールを返す（バウンスする）
3b . 受け取ってから捨てる 3 c. ちゃんと受け取る
1 の TCP レベルでの拒否は接続元 IP アドレスで判定できる場合だけになるが 、DoS 攻撃などをしてくるホストを締め出したりするときに設定される。SMTP 的には 2 b の 4xx でエラーにしたのと同じ効果になる。DNS に MX として載せられていないホストでは、これによる接続拒否を基本とする（MX でないのだから通常はメールが送られてくることもないはずであり、送っても届かないのがむしろ当たり前である）。qmail では tcpserver の機能を使って拒否することが多いが、それはこれをやっていることに該当する。MX となっているホストではそのようなことはせず、ちゃんと SMTP セッションを開始した上で 5xx で拒否するべきである（rblsmtpd が必要） 。
DNS にどこかのドメインの MX として載せられているホストでは 、 2a のステータスコード 5xx での拒否（恒久的エラー）が基本であり、可能なかぎりこれで拒否すべきである。いったんゲートウェイ
MX がメールを受けとってからイントラネット内の MTA に配送するような構成では 、MX ではないイントラの MTA が 5xx の応答で拒否してしまうと、ゲートウェイの MTA がバウンスを返してしまって無用な backscatter が発生するおそれがある。この場合、ゲートウェイ
MX の方でしっかり対策して、イントラの MTA では 5xx の返さないようにするべきである。それができなければイントラ
MTA ではエラーを返さずに受け取ってから捨てる(3b)ようにする。.forward などによるメール転送を受けるホストでも同様。
2b の 4xx は一時的エラーで、まともな MTA はエラーが解消されるか、滞留期限（ものにもよるがたいてい3日〜10日）までの間、一定の時間おきに再送してくるため、送信側、受信側ともにコストが大きい。しかし、spamware（spam
送信専用ツール）や open proxy を利用した spam 送信では 4xx のステータスを受けとっても再送してこないものがあり、この性質を利用して spamware や open proxy からの送信とまともな MTA からの送信を選別する手法がある 。
1、2 の方法は宛先メールボックスごとに異なる制限をしたいときには困難なことが多いので、その場合は一旦メールを受け取ってから処理する。3a
は backscatter の源になるのでできるだけ避けなければならない。3 b は無難だが、送信側は正常に送れたと思いこみ、受信側は（ログを見なければ）送られたことに気がつかないので、誤判定だった場合にはトラブルになりやすいので注意も必要である。
3c は spam だと判断したのに拒否せず成功 応
答( 250 ) を返してしまうわけだが、必ずしも何もしないとはかぎらない。それとわかるヘッダを追加して、後で
MDA やメーラーでおこなう判定の助けにしたり、spammer はまともな MTA に比べて気が短いことが多いのを利用して、わざと数十秒ほど成功応答を遅らせて送信側の方からタイムアウトで接続を切るのを待ったりする( tarpitting ) 。
なお、間違えて拒否してしまった場合でも、2b の 4xx ならば再送されるので後で救済することも可能だが、これはあくまでテスト目的の一時的利用に限るべきであって、これを恒常的な手段にするのは勘弁願いたい。再送を受ける側だけでなく、再送する側にもそれなりのリソースが浪費されるのだ。1通2通では微々たるものだが、塵も積もれば山となる。他にも手段はたくさんあるのだから、相手にリソース負担を求める方式を使うのはエゴ以外の何ものでもない。設定ミスで 4xx を救済する際には、よけいなコストをかけさせてしまってごめんなさいという気持ちを忘れないようにしたい。
RFC2505 # 1.6 , #2.13
以上は spam をどう扱うかということを技術的な観点から述べたものだが、別の観点、すなわち
AUP の面からも考える必要がある 。AUP ( Acceptable Use Policy ) とは組織ごとに定めた規範のことで、 要するに 、 「 商用利用不可 」とか「エロ禁止」とかの決まり事である。インターネット全体のルールではなく、所属する組織ごとに異なるので、組織の責任者やネットワークの管理者に確認しておくこと。
ISP は通信事業者なので、日本の法律では通信の秘密を守る義務があり、また、差別的な取り扱いは禁じられている。spam であってもそれは例外でない。メール本文を精査して spam かどうかチェックするフィルタなどは厳密にいうとこれに反する可能性がある（世論は spam 被害者に同情的なので少々のことならば黙認してくれるだろうが）。ISP のメールサーバでは 、ISP 自身で一律に spam 判定するのではなく、フィルタリングするかどうかの選択肢を用意して、ユーザの意思で有効にするか否かを判断させるべきだろう。この場合、たいていは
5xx や 4xx で拒否するという方法は取れず、いったん受け取ってから（ユーザ設定のフィルタにマッチしたものを）捨てる、ということになると思われる。ただし、SMTP のプロトコルに反する振る舞いをするクライアントを拒否するなどといった「判定」に属さない手法ならば
ISP の独自の判断で入れてもそれほど問題にはならないだろう。
一方、企業サーバでは、業務に必要ないものは不要であり、ユーザの意向をある程度制限することも可能である。また、個人サーバでは組織イコール個人である。こういったサーバでは、個人のメールボックス単位での spam 対策ではなく、サーバレベルでの spam 対策が存分に可能である。spam を受けないことよりも spam でないメールを受けることの方が重要だと何度も書いたが、少しぐらい失っても spam ゼロが重要だ、というポリシーを定めたとしても、その組織がそれを是とするならばよそものが口を挟むことはできない（アホだなぁと鼻で笑うことはあるかもしれないけど）。もちろん、組織の外に悪影響が出るようなポリシーは話は別なので念のため。
また、組織内部のユーザが、AUP
に反する行動をとった場合にどう対処するかについても考慮していいかもしれない。たとえば、spam を送らない、というのは AUP
に頼るまでもなくあたりまえのことだが、これに対して説教やアカウント剥奪などの政治的な対処で臨むか、Outbound
Port 25
Blocking を実施して技術的にそもそも違反できないようにしてしまうかは意見のわかれるところだろう。これは性善説・性悪説のどちらの立場でユーザを管理するかという次元の問題だけでなく、予防措置の側面もあるので、一概に判断はできない。
何を手がかりに制限するか
メールを読む人間にとって意味があるのはメッセージ本文なので、人間が自分で本文を読んでひとつひとつゴミ箱に捨てていくのがもっとも確実な方法である。もちろん、人間だって時には間違えるが、自分の脳味噌のせいなんだから諦めもつくだろう。しかし、それが手間だから機械的に判定するのである。
自分の思考形態と同じロジックで機械判定できればそれが最上であるが、そんなことはこの先数十年数百年は不可能だろう。そこでメールの送受信の際にやりとりされるさまざまな情報を手がかりに判定することになる。どの段階で得られる情報かをもとに分類すると以下のようになる。
送信元ネットワークに関する情報
エンベロープ情報、HELO
メッセージヘッ ダ
メッセージ本 文
その他
以下の節ではこのそれぞれで各種手法を分類している。
また、理由なく制限するわけにはいかない。理由が必要である。以下のようにわけられるだろう。
不正なアクセス、過大なアクセス
不審な挙 動
既知の spammer
本文の内 容
ひとつめは第三者不正中継や DoS 攻撃してくるクライアントに対するアクセス制御である。自分に届く spam が減るわけではないが重要な対策である。また、spam 送信に特化したツールは、送信の際に一般的な MTA と異なる挙動を示すことがある。これを検知して排除するのが2番目である。3番目は spam 常習者からのメールを拒絶するものである。自分のところに何度も送ってくるものを拒絶するだけではなく、他で収集している spam の情報を参考にすることもできる。最後が、受け取ってしまったメールの内容チェックである。最初の3つは「 spammer」の拒否であるが、最後のものは「spam」の拒否であるという違いに注意してほしい。また、後2者は「誰が」「どこから 」
「何を」送ったのかという情報をもとに判定するが、前2者はサーバ上でのクライアントの振る舞いが基準であり、知識に頼った判定ではない。
spam 判定には、いくつかのチェック項目のそれぞれでシロかクロか、0 か 1 かの真偽値で判定して、ひとつでもクロならば spam とみなす、というものと、spam らしさに適当なスコアをつけ、いくつかの判定項目を総合してスコアがある閾値以上になったものを spam とみなす、という方式がある。MTA レベルでの spam 判定では、実装が単純かつ負荷が軽いこともあってほとんどが前者の方式である。しかし、これは「 spam とは断言できないがそれっぽい」という項目がいくつあっても真偽値でしか判定しないのですりぬけてしまうことがある。一方、後者の方式では spam と断定できないものにも、（低めの）スコアを与えることで spam 判定の参考にすることができる。以下の記述には「相関は高いだろうが無関係である」と批判している判別手法もいくつかあるが、そういう手法でもシロかクロかの判断ではなく、他の手法の組み合わせて総合的なスコアで判断するのならば、有効に使えるかもしれない。なお、スコアの重みと閾値の設定によっては使いものにならないほどひどい判定をすることもあり、このパラメータのチューニングが重要である。
ブラックリス ト
イタチごっこ 。
spam 常習者の名簿がブラックリストである。が、spam を送るのが仕事の spammer にとっては、あちこちのサイトでブラックリストに入れられたら意味がない。送信元のメールアドレスや
IP アドレスなどを次々と変えていく。ブラックリストに追加されたころにはすでに spammer はそれを使っていないなんてことは少しも珍しくない 。
そのため、特定の spam を撃墜する賞味期間の短い情報を載せるよりも、汎用性の高く長く使えるパターンを探しだして載せた方が保守性がよくなる。しかし、そのような汎用性の高いパターンというのはえてして非 spam にまでマッチしてしまうことがありがちであり、十分に注意が必要である。
ブラックリストに登録漏れがあっても、spam が spam でないと判定されるだけで、spam でない正当なメールを失うことはない。しかし、たとえば何年か前に spammer が使っていて捨てられたドメインを、まっとうな人がそれと知らずに取得した、というような場合、ブラックリストに古い情報がいつまでも残っていると、非 spam を spam と判定してしまうことがありうる。これが送信者ドメインではなく
IP アドレスならば赤の他人に再利用されるまでの期間はもっと短くなる。ブラックリストには情報を追加していくことを気にしがちだが、いらない情報を削除していくことも忘れないようにしたい。
ホワイトリス ト
アテにしない 。
spam でないのに spam と判定されてしまうものを救済するために使うのがホワイトリストである。ホワイトリストでもブラックリストでも、そういったリストを常時メンテナンスするのはたいへんな手間である。ブラックリストはメンテをさぼっても false negative が増えるだけで重要なメールをなくすことはないが、ホワイトリストのメンテをさぼると false positive、すなわち spam でないメールを spam と誤認する事故が増える 。
ホワイトリストの重要性がわかっている人が管理しているうちはまだいい。業務で使用しているサーバだったりして、担当者が交代するときにホワイトリストのメンテナンスに関する引き継ぎが不十分だったりすると悲惨なことが起きる。false positive をなくすためにはホワイトリストの管理は重要であるが、それと同時に、メンテが漏れていたときに起きる危険性を認識しておくこと。
一見すばらしい spam 対策方法が考案されたとしても、spam でないメールの一部をホワイトリストで救済しようという手法ならば、採用するのはやめておいた方がいい。人間は必ず間違いをする動物である。ホワイトリストのメンテナンスが常に完全であることはアテにできない。週に1回以上メンテする必要がある、あるいは10個以上のパターンがあるホワイトリストならば、その手法の有効性に疑問を持つべきだ。ホワイトリストのメンテが後手にまわってもステータス 4xx を返しておけばあとで救済できるからいいや、などと考えるのもよろしくない。あなたの怠惰のために、何の落ち度もない送信元に再送コストを負担させてふんぞりかえっていられるほどあなたはエラい人なのか？
ホワイトリストがないと受け取れないメールがあるという点で「spam
でないメールを確実に受け取る」という原則に反するし、それを救済するのによそのリソースを浪費させるという点で「非 spammer に迷惑をかけない」という原則にも反するたいへんマズい方策である。
もちろん、完全自動でアップデートされるリストや、何らかの理由でリストの中身がこれ以上増えないことが確定している場合など、メンテ不要なホワイトリストについてはその限りではない。
もうひとつ、ホワイトリストは、毎回確実に非 spam と判定されるのだが、その判定にかかるコストが大きいときに、その重いチェック手法を代替する目的であらかじめ判定結果の一部をリストにして準備しておく、という使われかたをすることもある。この場合、ホワイトリストなしで運用しても同じ結果が得られる（false positive は増えない）のでこのような事故は起きない。しかし、人間は怠惰な動物である。メンテナンスされていないホワイトリストでも確実にシロと判定されるのならば、そんなリストがクソ真面目にメンテされることが期待できるだろうか。
しかしそうはいっても、ホワイトリストをまったく使わないというのは理想論に過ぎず、多くの場合は導入せざるをえないのが実情だろう。メンテナンスが必要なリストは最小限に、かつ、不断のメンテナンスを忘れないようにしたい。
なお、ホワイトリストにマッチしたからといって全面的に信頼してはならない。極端な話、送信者アドレスをホワイトリストにあるものに詐称されてしまったために第三者中継を許可してしまった、なんてことが起きたら洒落では済まない。あくまで一部のチェックを回避するためだけのものであることに留意すること。
AAA
Authentication（認証 ; 利用者を識別すること） 、Authorization（承認 ; サービス提供の可否を判断すること）、Accounting（アカウンティング ; これらを記録すること）、みっつあわせて
AAA。アクセス制御を考える上でははずせない重要な要素。といっても、MTA のアクセス制御という文脈ではあまり出てくることはない。まあ、知っておいて損はない。
認証と承認については、このメモではなかば意図的に混用しているが、実はまったく異なる概念なので注意すること。素の
SMTP には認証はなく、拡張機能での対応になるので、ここで取り上げるもののほとんどは承認に関するものである。この後でさまざまな例を挙げるので、この節で深くとりあげることはしない。
認証や承認の各手法を実際に MTA で実施する場合には、それがちゃんと動作しているか、意図しない範囲にまで制限が及んでいないかを確認するために、MTA の動作記録を逐一チェックしてやるのは重要なことである。また 、DoS 攻撃や、アドレス収集の試み ( DHA ) などもログにその痕跡が残っていることが多い。不審なアクセスへの対策をする上でログの記録・監視は欠かせない。
はっきり書こう。ログ収集という点において、qmail
は落第である。最低水準にすら達していない。標準では不正中継を拒否した記録や、badmailfrom
による送信者アドレスの拒否の記録などが一切ログに残らない。qmail
では機能を追加するためににいろいろパッチを当てるのが慣例化しているが、ちゃんとしたアクセス制御を考えるならば、そんなことをするよりも即座に他の
MTA に乗り換えることを勧める。ログへの記録は RFC2505 # 2.4 では SHOULD となっているが、実運用上は MUST となっていていいはずの項目である。それが実装されていない qmail は使いものにならないといってもいい 。
backscatter
送ったメールがなんらかの理由でエラーになると、送信元にバウンスメールが返る。このとき、送信者アドレスが無実の第三者のものに詐称されていると、バウンスも詐称されたアドレスに届いてしまう。このような詐称アドレス宛バウンスのことを backscatter（後方散乱メール）と呼ぶ。collateral spam（巻き添えスパム）ということもある。
自分のドメインが詐称されると、各地から backscatter が届くことになり、この数が多いと実質的な DDoS 攻撃となる。これで大きな被害を受けた ISP もあり、最近では backscatter も spam の一種とみなされることがある。バウンスメールの送信は MTA の基本動作のひとつだが、自分が DDoS に加担しないよう、必要のないバウンスはできるだけ出さないようにするのが望ましい。
SMTP トランザクション中に 5xx のステータスでエラーを返すと、エラーを返した側ではなく、接続元のサーバの方からバウンスメールが出ていくことがある。これも backscatter になる可能性があるが、これは拒否される原因となったメールを中継した側で対策すべきことであって、エラーを返すことをためらう必要はないだろう。もちろん、自分のサーバからは拒否されるようなメールを極力出さないようにするのが望ましい。
なお、詐称されたアドレスにバウンスを返してしまうことが問題なので、SenderID や DKIM などの送信ドメイン認証にパスしたメールがエラーになった場合は、backscatter
を気にせずバウンスしてしまってよいだろう。
qmail はローカルユーザが存在するかどうか確認せずにいったんすべて受け取ってしまうので、backscatter の発生源になりやすい。この問題への対処については、qmail のある暮らし - SMTP セッション中での無効な受信者の拒否を参照のこと。
backscatter からの防御については 、postfix のドキュメントが参考になる。また、yahoo ではあるメールボックスが単位時間あたりに受信するメールの数に制限を設けることで対抗しているようだ。一般に普及している
MTA でこういう設定ができるものは知らないがいちおう参考までに。なお、正当なバウンスを識別するための
BATV ( Bounce Address Tag Validation ) というしくみが IETF に提案されたことがあるが、どうもポシャったようだ(? ) 。
spamware
spam 送信ツールのこと。ratware と呼ばれることもある。大量メール送信型ワームを含むこともある。というか、rat = remote access trojan らしい ( ? ) ので、感染しない spam 送信ツールは ratware と呼ばないのかも 。
多くの spam は spamware から送られる 。sendmail など、一般に普及している MTA を使って送られることはあまり多くない（少なくもない）。メールを確実に送り届けることを旨とする一般の
MTA とは異なり 、spamware は少しぐらいのエラーは無視してでも高速かつ大量に送ることを目標に作成されており、タイムアウト時間が短かい、4xx 応答で再送しない、など一般的な MTA と異なる挙動が見られることがある。この違いを見出すことで spamware を狙い撃ちできることがある 。
なお、X - Mailer ヘッダに自分のプロダクト名を入れてくる spam があるが、これは多くの場合 spam 送信 「専用」ツールではなく、企業が顧客周知などでメールを送るような目的で販売されている「同報配信ソフト」によるもののことが多い。たとえば、以前非常に多く目にした
X - Mailer : IM2001 はこれ。spamware として転用されやすいのだが、これらのツールを本来の目的（名目上の目的ともいうか）に使って、まっとうな案内メールを送る企業がないわけではないので注意すること。
SMTP トランザクション確立以前の判定
SMTP 以前の TCP レベルで得られる情報、すなわち IP アドレスによる接続制御。なお、判定自体は SMTP 確立以前に済むが、実際の接続拒否は SMTP セッション中におこなうことが望ましい。qmail では SMTP セッションを開始せずに tcpserver で蹴ることがあるが、それはあまりよろしくない。これについての議論は別項参照。
接続元によるブラックリスト
恒常的に spam を送ってく る IP アドレス、ネットワーク、ホスト名、ドメイン名でブラックリストを作成し、MTA に接続してきたクライアントと一致するかどうか調べる。RFC2505 # 2.1 , # 2.5
spammer の IP アドレスが特定できているのなら確実だが、非固定
IP アドレスを使っている場合にはほとんど効果がない。/32 ではなく /24 などのネットワークで拒否してしまうと非固定
IP アドレスでもある程度は有効だが、該当ネットワークのまともな利用者からのメールも拒否してしまう可能性がある。固定アドレスを使っている場合でも、大々的に spam を送信している場合には ISP から契約を解除されて数日〜数ヶ月程度で使われなくなることが多い。別の手段を考えた方がよいだろう。
DNSBL
管理者がいちいち手作業でブラックリストを作る方法（静的なブラックリスト）はメンテナンスの手間がかかるため、誰かが作ったリストを
DNS 経由で参照する（動的なブラックリスト）のもよくおこなわれている。これを
DNSBL ( DNS based blackhole list ) または RBL ( realtime blackhole list ) という。どんなサイトが DNSBL を提供しているかは、たとえばこのあたりを参照。
DNSBL は通常 IP アドレスをリストするが、ドメイン名をリストした DNSBL もあり、これを特に RHSBL ( right hand side blackhole list ) と呼ぶことがある。これは逆引きホスト名や送信者ドメインを検索するのに使われる。DNSBL による接続元 IP チェック機能を持った MTA は多いが 、RHSBL による送信者ドメインの検索に対応した MTA はそんなに多くない 。Sendmail ではこちらから RHSBL に対応させる .m4 ファイルを入手できる。
DNSBL はサイトによって登録ポリシーが大きく異なることが多く、また、運営者の都合でサービスが停止したり、動いてはいても情報が古かったりすることもときどきあるので、実際に使う場合には事前にそのあたりをよく調査しておいた方がいいだろう。
なお、多くの DNSBL は「 spam が送られてくる IP アドレス 」 をデータベース化している。 「 spam だけしか送られな い IP アドレス 」であることを確認してリストに入れているわけではない。微妙な違いだが見逃されやすい重要な点である。どういうことかというと、DNSBL
に登録されている IP アドレスから spam でないメールが届く可能性がないわけではないということである。その
IP アドレスから spam が届いた、という事実をもって DNSBL に登録されるわけで、そこから spam 以外のメールが送出されているかどうかの調査はしていないことが多い。DNSBL の運営元は好戦的なアンチスパマーであることが多く、false negative の率を下げることに躍起になって false positive にはそれほど気にしない DNSBL は少なくない。たとえば 、spammer が自前の MTA からではなく 、ISP のメールサーバを堂々と使うような場合、その ISP の他の契約者から spam 以外のメールにも影響が出ることは十分に承知した上で、spam を通過させている ISP は悪なのでブロックする、文句はその ISP に言え、という公言する DNSBL もある 。
DNSBL に登録されている特定のサイトを除外するにはホワイトリストが必要になる。
逆引き判 定
逆引き （IP アドレスからホスト名を得ること）ができないクライアントや、パラノイドチェック（逆引き得られた名前を正引きして元の
IP アドレスと一致するかの検査）にひっかかるクライアントを蹴る。RFC2505 # 1.4
これはよくおこなわれているようだが、はっきりいって筋違いだろう。
ほんとうに必要がないかぎり逆引きを設定しないという運用方針を取っている組織はけっして珍しくない。逆引きがないからといって spammer と断定はできない。sshd など限られたクライアントのみ接続できればいいサービスではそのような制限もありうるだろうが、メールは不特定のホストから届くものである。曖昧な根拠にもとづく制限をするのはやめておいた方がいいだろう。国内大手
ISP では hi-ho がこの制限を導入したことがあるが、トラブルが多かったのかわずか1ヶ月で撤回している。
spam をたくさん送ってくる中国韓国あたりはそもそも逆引きを設定する習慣があまりないようで、このチェックによってこれらの国からの spam を多数撃墜できるのは事実である。しかしそれは逆引きを設定する習慣がない国と spam を送ってくる国がたまたま重なっているだけにすぎない。spam を送ってくるホストはとうぜんまともな管理はされていないだろうが、まともに管理されているホストに逆引きがないというのもふつうに存在する（何をもってまともとするかの定義も曖昧だが）。spam を送ってこなければ目につくこともないし、これらの国から spam でないメールを受ける機会もほとんどないだろうから、逆引きなし⇒ spammer と短絡的に考えてしまいがちだが、RFC で必須とされているわけでもなし、本来何の関係もない事象である。逆引き判定が効果があるように感じるとすればこの点を誤解しているのではないだろうか。これらの国だって spam 以外のメールは当然送るだろうが、そのようなメールもまとめて拒否してしまう可能性が高いことを留意しておく必要がある。まともなメールも含めてこれらの国からのメールを拒否してしまいたいのならば、逆引き判定などという間接的な手段を取るのではなく、中国韓国に割り当てられているネットワークをあらかじめ調べておいてブラックリストに登録しておいた方がいいだろう（後述。そういう DNSBL もある） 。
某 SIer さんのサイトにこの手法を強力に推進するページがあるが、まったくもって理由になっていないように見える。そういう設定をすることが「できるかできないか」ということと、それを実際に「やるかやらないか」ということは、まったく関係のない別の事象であるはずなのに区別できていないようだ。もちろん「やるかやらないか」を決めるのは、これを書いてる当方ではなく読んでるあなたなので、ご自分の判断で逆引きできないホストからのメールを拒否してもいっこうにかまわないわけなのだが、仮にそうするとしても、逆引きを設定しているからまともな管理がされている、あるいは逆引きが設定されていないからまともでない、などという嘘を信じることだけはないように。
こちらも参照のこと 。
Submission
SMTP は本来 TCP の25番ポートを使うものだが、これは外部からローカルユーザへのメール受信用にのみ使うことにして、ローカルユーザから外部への送信には 25 ではなく別のポート(587)を使うことにしよう、という考え方。RFC2476
通常の SMTP は入口と出口がひとつだが 、Submission ポートも併用して入口と 出口を分離してそれぞれを一方通行にすることで、それぞれのアクセス制御がやりやすくなる。Outbound Port 25
Blocking を回避してメールを送る手段のひとつでもある。なお、たいていのメーラーは送信先ポート番号を変更できるが、一部ポート番号が
25 に固定されているメーラーが存在し、こういうものを使っている場合にはメールを送ろうにも送れない。
Outbount Port 25 blocking
外部からの spam を排除する手法ではなく、spam を出そうとする内部の不届き者を排除する手法。組織で公式に用意したホスト以外への
25 /tcp への接続をふさいでしまう。spam を送りたくても相手サーバに接続できないので送れなくなる。公式に用意されたサーバを使えば spam でも送れるが、その場合は公式のサーバにログが残るのですぐに足がつく。もちろん、spam 送信以外の正当な SMTP 接続もできなくなる。個人的には、spammer を排除するために非 spammer の手間を増やすな、という主張に反するので嫌い。最近の事情では導入やむなしという状況にあるのは認めざるをえないが、できれば
BIGLOBE や EditNet のように、まっとうな送信者に極力影響を与えないよう、完全にブロックするのではなく流量制限で対処するようにしてもらえるとありがたい。
これは MTA ではなく、主にネットワークの出口にあるゲートウェイでおこなう対処になる。大規模な
ISP などで使われ、個人で採用することはないだろう。一般企業では情報漏洩の防止、私的利用の監視といった spam 防止とは別の意味で導入することがあるかもしれない 。
「阻止率99%のスパム対策方式の研究報告」で提唱されている手法。
蓋然的な判断に頼りすぎている感が強く、個人的にはオススメできない。このページに書かれている記述は「spam
を拒否する方法」ではなく、「エンドユーザー回線からの送信を拒否する方法」である。上述の逆引きできないホストの拒否と同じように、たまたま spam 送信にエンドユーザ回線が使われやすいというだけのことで、このような回線を使って spam でないメールを送る人も多いことを留意しておくこと。相関は高いかもしれないがイコールではない。
S25R では、エンドユーザの足回り回線の逆引きホスト名は
ISP によって連番が付与されやすい、という経験的知識に基づき、正規表現で指定された連番のパターンにマッチしたホストを拒絶する。しかし、連番を付与するのは大量の
IP アドレスにそれぞれ異なる名前を与える必要があるからだが、そのような名前が付与されるのはエンドユーザーの足回り回線だけではない。
つまり、ホスティング事業者のレンタルサーバの
IP アドレスの逆引きが S25R の条件にマッチすることがよくあるのだ。たとえば、愛知万博の公式 web サイト ( www.expo2005.or.jp/203.181.119.1) を逆引きする と VV050217670000119181203001.gwrev.kddi.ne.jp となる。KDDI のホスティングである。S25R 方式ではこのホストからの送信は spam 判定を食らうことになる。この万博サイトの例は
Web サーバであってメールを送出しているかどうかは知らないが、同じような形態でメールサーバをやってるところは数多くあるだろう、きっと。
また 、ADSL や FTTH の個人ユーザ向け回線を使っている小規模な組織や、独自ドメインを取得して自宅にサーバを構築している個人ユーザも多いが、これらのサーバからのメールは
S25R 方式ではほとんど拒否されてしまう 。S25R ではこれらの false positive のメールを救済するには、ホワイトリストに頼る以外方法がないことに注意する必要がある。グレイリストで救済する改善案もあるが、個人的には greylisting 自体にも問題ありと考えており、素の S25R よりはマシだが完全な方法ではない 。
なお、エンドユーザ回線からの直接 SMTP を蹴るというアイデアは S25R のはるか以前からあり、そのような動的割り当ての
IP アドレスを列挙した DNSBL なんてのもちゃんと存在す る( DUL ; Dial - up User List ) 。
一部の ISP で Outbound Port 25
Blocking を採用をはじめたりして、エンドユーザ回線からの直接の
SMTP 接続は悪とみなされつつある風潮があり、それはそれでしかたないことかもしれないが、だからといってエンドユーザ回線からの
SMTP すべてを拒絶する方式には賛成できない 。
IP アドレスの地域別リス ト
お行儀の悪いクライアントがいっぱいいるような国や、特に spammer が多い ISP からのアクセス制御のためのリストを使うと、その地域/ISP からのアクセスをすべて蹴ることができる。すべての国と地域ではないが、blackholes.us でそのための DNSBL 運用および、テキストファイルでのリスト掲載がされている。
このリストは接続元 IP アドレスのリストとして使ってもいいし、後述の MX による制限にも使える 。
blackholes.us
のリストの中にはもちろん日本も含まれているが、「日本」という大きな枠ではなく、日本の特定のISP
だけを狙い撃ちにするための情報は JPNIC
の whois データベースから調べることができる。まず、ネットワークごと蹴りたい組織が所有している
IP アドレスをひとつでいいから見つけ、その IP アドレスを whois で検索する 。
% whois -h whois.nic.ad.jp 192.0.2.1 [ JPNIC database provides information regarding IP address and ASN .
Its use ] [ is restricted to network administration purposes .
For further information , ] [ use ' whois - h whois.nic.ad.jp help ' .
To only display English output , ] [ add ' /e ' at the end of command , e.g. ' whois -h whois.nic.ad.jp xxx /e '. ] a. [ IPネットワークアドレス ]
192.0.2.0/27 b. [ ネットワーク名 ]
SAMPLE -NET f. [ 組織名 ] サンプル g. [ Organization ]
Sample m. [ 管理者連絡窓口 ] XX111JP n. [ 技術連絡担当者 ] QQ999JP 以下略
この結果のうち、技術連絡担当者の先頭に " ^ " を付加した文字列でもう一度 whois 検索する 。
% whois -h whois.nic.ad.jp ^QQ999JP [ restricted to network administration purposes .
For further information , ] [ use ' whois -h whois.jprs.jp help ' .
To suppress Japanese output , add '/e ' ] [ at the end of command , e.g. ' whois -h whois.jprs.jp xxx /e '. ]
Contact Information : [ 担当者情報 ] a . [ JPNICハンドル ] QQ999JP b. [ 氏名 ] 何野誰某 （途中略） [ 参照 ]
NET /192.0.2.0/27 [ 参照 ]
NET/192.0.2.240/28
ここの[参照 ] 欄にある NET / のところに列挙されているネットワークが
QQ999JP 氏が関与しているネットワークである。この例は JPNIC で調べる例だが 、RIR や NIC によってそれぞれ方法は異なるものの、検索が可能なところは多い。たとえば
YahooBB は APNIC から直接割り当てを受けているので 、JPNIC
の whois で上記のように調べることはできないが 、whois -h whois.apnic.net bbtec で一発で検索可能である 。
本節で取り上げたリストは、特定の地域/ISP
を一網打尽にするものである。spam を送ってくる IP アドレスだけでなく、まともなメールも送ってくるだろうホストも当然この中に含まれるだろうことに十分注意すること。
HELO : SMTP グリーティングによる判 定
ここからは SMTP セッション確立後のアクセス制御である。SMTP ではメッセージのヘッダ、本文がやりとりされる前にさまざまな情報が送信されてくる。この情報をもとにアクセス制御することができる。あくまで
SMTP レベルでやりとりされる情報なので 、SMTP セッションが終わってから処理が渡される MDA では 、MTA がヘッダなどに情報を付加しないかぎりこの情報を利用できない。
まずは HELO から。
HELO の省略
HELO / EHLO を送ってこず、いきな り
MAIL FROM : からはじめるクライアントがまれにある。らしい。どの程度存在するのかは不明。かなり少数だと思う。蹴っても問題ないとは思うが、これによる効果は微々たるものではないだろうか。
サーバを詐称するクライアント
HELO の引数は本来 「 クライアントの FQDN 」 が正しい。が、なぜか 「 サーバの IP アドレス 」 を指定してくる spammer がいる。しかもたくさん。必要のないサーバの
IP アドレスをわざわざ手間をかけて調べて名乗ってくる理由がさっぱりわからないのだが、とにかくそういう spammer がたくさん存在しているのは事実である。なお、ほとんどは
IP アドレスだが、わずかながらサーバのホスト名を名乗ってくるものも存在する。
クライアントがサーバを「詐称」しているのならば悪意あるクライアントとみなせるので spam とみなして問題ない。詐称ではなく、ほんとうにサーバと同じ名前のクライアントが接続してきたら、サーバが自分自身に接続している可能性が高い。メールのループの可能性が高いのでやっぱり拒否してよい。
こういうクライアントを拒否するのは絶大な効果がある。某所で動かしているサーバでは全メールの(全 spam の、ではなく ) 5〜10 % はこの制限にひっかかっている。チェックの負荷も低く副作用の可能性も小さい。HELO によるアクセス制限が可能な MTA を使っているならば騙されたと思って試してみるよいだろう。
なお、ウィルスチェックなど、ローカルで SMTP の多段リレーをしている場合には HELO で自ホストを名乗ってくることがありうるので注意。また、Postfix Backscatter HOWTO によると 、Netscape Messager は HELO の引数に送信者のドメイン名を使うらしく、運が悪いとサーバのホスト名と一致することになる。HELO のチェックにかぎらず、ローカルのネットワークからはたいていの spam チェックは回避される設定にしておくとよいだろう 。
その他 HELO の引数チェッ ク
HELO / EHLO ほど RFC が有名無実化しているものも珍しい。まともな MTA でも HELO に関してはデタラメな文字列を送ってくることは珍しくない。いちおう、クライアントの
FQDN を名乗るのが原則なので 、FQDN 形式でない（ピリオドが含まれていない）文字列だったりするクライアントを拒否するのはそれなりに有効である（例外も稀にあるので注意）。
しかし、名乗ってきた FQDN が有効なものかどうか DNS に問い合わせてチェックするのはやめておいた方が無難である。NAT の内側にいるホストなどはインターネット上で有効な FQDN を調べるのがめんどうだったりして、まともなホストでもいいかげんな名前を名乗ってくることは少なくない( RFC2505 # 2.1 ) 。また、MTA ではなく MUA が名乗ってくる HELO は厳密にチェックす れ
ば9割以上不正なものといってもいいぐらいおかしなものばかりなので、信頼できるクライアントからのアクセスは
HELO チェックの対象外とした方がよい。
spammer によっては HELO で特定の文字列を名乗ってくることがあるので、これのブラックリストを作成するのはわりと有効性が高い。
不正な PIPELINING
ESMTP PIPELINING
拡張を使うと、サーバからの応答を待たずにクライアントは次のコマンドを送ることができる。サーバとクライアントとの間のネゴシエーションの往復が減るので、SMTP
トランザクションにかかる時間を大幅に減らすことができる。しかし、これが使えるのは
EHLO の応答に PIPELINING が含まれていた場合だけである。それを確認しないうちに
PIPELINING 拡張を利用してコマンドを先行発行するのは RFC 違反である 。
spamware の中には、短時間に大量のメールを送れるようにするために、このような不正な
PIPELINIG の使い方をしてくるものがある。そのため、コマンドの不正な先行発行を検知したら spammer として拒否してしまうというのも効果がある。グリーティングを出す前にわざと1秒程度の遅延を入れてやると効果がさらに顕著になる。
MAIL FROM : 送信者アドレスによる判定
まず前提として、エンベロープの from とヘッダの from は別のものである。この文書でその違いを説明することはしないので必要ならば自分で調べること。この項ではエンベロープの from について述べる 。
送信者アドレスは簡単に詐称できる( joe-job)。送信者アドレスによるブラックリストの作成は spam 対策のもっともポピュラーな手段のひとつであるが、詐称されたものは
MAIL FROM : による判定は無力である。詐称されていないと確実に判断できるもの以外は別の方法で撃退することを考えた方がいいだろう。また、自ドメインを名乗る from ならばリレーを許可する、などという制限をすると詐称 spam の踏台になるので決してやってはいけない。
なお、メールアドレスの @ より左の部分のことは RFC 的にはローカルパートというのが正しいのだが、一般的にはアカウント部と表現した方がなじみが深いと思うので以下そう表記する。
RFC2505 # 2.7 , # 2.9 , # 2.10
ドメイン部による判 定
送信者アドレスは以下のように分類される。
実在するドメインの実在するアカウント 実在するドメインの実在する第三者のアカウント(詐称) 実在するドメインの実在しないアカウント 実在しないドメイン ドメイン部なし、あるいは FQDN でなくホストの み
実在するドメインはさらに以下のように分類できる。
ISP 、ASP その他一般企業、個人など非 spammer が取得したドメイン spammer が取得したドメイ ン
非 spammer が取得したドメイ ン
このドメインからは spam だけでなく、spam 以外のメールが送られてくる可能性があるので、ドメインごとブロックするのは危険である。ドメインだけでなく、アカウント情報も込みでブロックするとよい。そのドメインを使っている知り合い（など）がおらず、そんなところからまともなメールが来ないと断言できるのならば、ドメインごとブロックするのもありだろうが、その際はくれぐれも慎重に。知己のアドレスだけホワイトリストに入れて、それ以外のアドレスは拒否という方法もある。
spammer が取得したドメイ ン
spammer が取得したと断言できるドメインならば、そこからのメールはすべて spam とみなせるだろう。遠慮なくドメインごとブロックできる。
問題は、そのドメインがどうやって spammer が取得したものか、善良な一市民が取得したものかを見分けるか、である。以下、その手がかりをいくつか挙げる。
whois を調べる ドメイン登録者の情報が whois で調べられる。偽名や偽住所のこともあるが、すでに spammer とわかっているドメインと同じ情報が得られれば、そのドメインも spammer のドメインと推察される。 MX、NS を調べる ドメインが違っていても 、MX や NS として指定されているホストが同じことは多い。詳しくは後述。 ドメイン名に使われている単語 sex、girl などの風俗関連が想起される単語、trade 、marketing などの金儲け関連の単語は spammer によく使われる。が、もちろん、一般企業のドメインとして使われることもあるので注意。
実在しないドメイ ン
spam を大量に送ると、エラーメールも大量に返ってくる。それを避けるため、届かないアドレスを使って spam を送ることがある。つまり、実在しないドメインからのメールはアドレス詐称 spam の可能性が高い。よって、たいていは受信拒否してかまわない。#1.4 , # 2.9
しかし、わずかながら自分のメールアドレスを間違えて送ってくる非 spam の可能性もある。このようなメールを救済したいと思うならば拒否はできない（このメールに返信しても届かないので、自分で正しいドメインを推測するなどの作業が必要になる）。
なお、ドメインが実在するかどうかを判定する際には、当然
DNS に問い合わせをすることになる。メーリングリストやメルマガを発送するサイトでは同時に大量のメールを送信することになるが、DNS
サーバが非力だと、この問い合わせで
DDoS 状態になることがあるので注意すること。恒常的に受け取るドメインならばホワイトリストに入れて
DNS への問い合わせが発生しないようにしておいた方がよい。
最近は実在しないドメインで spam が送られてくること自体がかなり少なくなった。まったくないわけではないが、そういうものもほかのチェックでひっかかるだろう。よって、ドメインが実在するかどうかのチェック自体、最近はする意義は薄いといえる。
ドメイン部なし、あるいは FQDN でないホストの み
user@sub.domain ではなく user のみだったり user@host だったりする形式 。
送信者アドレスだけでなく、受信者アドレスがこの形式になっていることもある。インターネット経由ではなく、同一ホスト内、LAN
内でのメールはこの形式のアドレスでちゃんと届くことが多いが、インターネット経由ではまずありえない。よって、こういう形式のアドレスがインターネット経由で届いた場合はほぼ間違いなく spam である 。
なお 、FQDN でないアドレスで送信したものの、途中経路にある
MTA にドメインが補完されることもある。この場合、補完した名前が特徴的なものであれば、それを手がかりにもともと
FQDN で送信されなかったと推測できるので補完された名前をもって拒否することも考えられる。
わかりにくいので一例を挙げると、筆者は biglobe にメールアドレスを持っているが、その biglobe のメールサーバは FQDN でない hoge というアドレス を
hoge@rcpt-impgw.biglobe.ne.jp というたいへん特徴的なアドレスに書き換える。つまり rcpt-impgw.biglobe.ne.jp
というドメイン部を持つアドレスからのメールは元々
FQDN でないアドレスとして送信されたものと推定され、spam として拒否して実害ない。
アカウント部による判 定
実在するドメインの実在する spammer のアカウン ト
煮るなり焼くなりご自由に。
実在するドメインの実在する無関係の第三者のアカウント(詐称)
拒否してもよい。ただし、バウンスすると詐称された無実の第三者にエラーメールが届いてしまう。これは backscatter といって新たな spam の源とみなされつつあるので、なるべく避ける 。
実在するドメインの実在しないアカウント(詐称)
拒否してもよいが、バウンスして backscatter にならないようにすべきである。しかもバウンス先のアドレスが存在しないのでダブルバウンスになる。外から届くメールではなく内部ユーザが外に出すメールに対して、実在しない送信者アドレスからのメールを拒否するような制限をかけると、worm などによる意図せぬ abuse を未然に防ぐことができるかもしれない。#2.10
問題は、この3つをどうやって区別するかということである。
区別は非常に困難なので、受け取ってからバウンスせず捨てるか、受け取り自体を拒否して送信側
MTA に措置をまかせるかのいずれかにするのがよいだろう。受け取ってからバウンスするのはやめた方がいい。
送信者アドレス検 証
ローカル部が実際に存在するか確認するしくみ。Postfix ではアドレス検証( address verification ) 、Exim では呼び出し検 証( callout verification ) という 。
SMTP 接続中、送信者アドレスから得られるドメインの
MX に逆接続し 、RCPT TO : でその送信者アドレスを指定する( callout ) 。この RCPT TO : が拒否されると、実際には存在しないアドレスを騙って送信してきたとしてメールを拒否する。もちろん、拒否されなかったからといって、実在するアカウントに詐称しているのかもしれないし、存在しないアカウントでも拒否しない
MTA なのかもしれないので完全な検査にはならない。
Web からのメール送信 CGI でよく見られる無効なアドレスから送ってきたメール（やめてほしいが意外と多い）をごっそり拒否してしまうし、RCPT
TO : までで実際のメールは送らないので DHA と勘違いされてブラックリストに載せられてしまう危険性があるなど、副作用が非常に大きい方法であり、よほどのことがないかぎり使わないのが無難である。使用の際にはドキュメントを十分に精読してから導入すること。すべてのメールに対してこの手法を使うのではなく、あらかじめ指定しておいた特定の送信者ドメインに対してのみアドレス検証するのならば、比較的安全に使うことができる。
送信者アドレスの MX レコードによる判 定
送信者アドレスのドメイン名が存在するかどうかではなく、そのドメインにメールを送ろうとしたときにどのホストがそれを受け取るのかというチェックはかなり有効な方法である。いくつか例を挙げてみよう。
メールを拒否すると多くの場合エラーメールが返ってくるが、spammer
にとっては（ハーベスティングに使えなくもないが）その多くはいらないメールである。以前は存在しない架空ドメインを使ってメールを送信することが多かったが、これではドメインが実在するかどうかのチェックでひっかかってしまってメールを受け取ってもらえない。そこで、最近は堂々とドメインを取得した上で、バウンスの返送先を到達性のないホストに向くように
DNS を設定して spam を送ってくることが多い。たとえば 、MX や A レコード を 127.0.0.0/8 のループバック や 10.0.0.0/8 のプライベートアドレス空間に設定する。あるいは、MX を dev.null や this.domain.is.not.used.for.email といった実在しないホスト名にするなど。このような不正な
MX レコードを持つドメインはほぼ間違いなく spammer のドメインである 。
.nu や .museum などの一部のトップレベルドメインにはワイルドカード
A レコードが存在している。存在しないドメインからのメールを拒否する設定にしていても、これらの
TLD ではほんとうは存在しないドメインでもワイルドカードが返ってくるだけで
NXDOMAIN は返ってこず、ドメインの存在チェックの効果がない。しかし、実際には
A レコードがこのワイルドカードに一致した場合は、実際には存在しないドメインである可能性が高い。
送信者ドメイン名でブラックリストを作る場合、spammer が新規ドメインを取得するたびにブラックリストに追加が必要になり、膨大なサイズのリストをたいへんな手間をかけて管理することになる。しかし、spammer
は spam 送信に使う複数のドメインをひとつの MX ホストで運用していることがある。送信ドメインではなく、MX ホストの方をブラックリストに入れておけば、spammer が同じ MX ホストを使っているかぎりは新規ドメインでも対応する必要はない。大量のドメインを次々と使い捨てにしてくる spammer に特に有効である 。
このように、そのドメイン宛のメールがどのサーバで処理されるかという情報も spam の判定に有用である。しかし、残念ながらこのようなアクセス制御を設定できる
MTA はそんなに多くない。これを実施できる数少ない
MTA が Postfix である。あまり知られていない機能で、google あたりで検索しても実際の設定例はほとんど見つからないようなので、以下にサンプルを示しておく。
--- main.cf smtpd_recipient_restrictions = ... check_sender_mx_access = $ default_database_type:$config_directory /reject_mx ... --- reject_mx dev.null REJECT bogus MX this.domain.is.not.used.for.email REJECT bogus MX # see RFC 3330 0 REJECT MX in 0.0.0.0/8 10 REJECT MX in 10.0.0.0/8 127 REJECT MX in 127.0.0.0/8 169.254 REJECT MX in 169.254.0.0/16 172.16 REJECT MX in 172.16.0.0/12 172.17 REJECT MX in 172.16.0.0/12 （途中略 ） 172.31 REJECT MX in 172.16.0.0/12 192.0.2 REJECT MX in 192.0.2.0/24 192.168 REJECT MX in 192.168.0.0/16 224 REJECT MX in 224.0.0.0/4 225 REJECT MX in 224.0.0.0/4 （途中略 ） 239 REJECT MX in 224.0.0.0/4 240 REJECT MX in 240.0.0.0/4 241 REJECT MX in 240.0.0.0/4 （途中略） 254 REJECT MX in 240.0.0.0/4 255 REJECT MX in 255.0.0.0/8 # 195.7.77.20 REJECT wildcard .museum 69.25.75.72 REJECT
wildcard .nu 212.181.91.6 REJECT wildcard .nu 195.178.186.40 REJECT
wildcard .st mail.nonregistered.nic.cx REJECT wildcard .cx mail.worldsite.ws REJECT wildcard .ws # 64.94.110.11 REJECT
wildcard .com .net
DNS のルールでは MX レコードに指定するのは IP アドレスではな く A レコードでなければならないが 、Postfix の設定ではどちらを書いてもよい。 「 そのドメインにメールを送るときに受け取るべきホスト名またはその
IP アドレス 」を列挙する。
不正な MX の排除ならば 、MTA 自身での対応ではなく、不正な MX レコードを持つドメインを集めた DNSBL を利用してもよい。ただし 、RHSBL（IP アドレスでなくドメイン名を検索する DNSBL ） なので、利用できる MTA は限られるだろう 。
また 、MX ではなく、そのドメインが登録されているネームサーバ ( NS ) で制限することも考えられる （postfix での設定 は check_sender_mx_access のかわりに check_sender_ns_access を使う）。MX にしても NS にしても 、spammer ではなく、罪のないまったく無関係のドメインも同居している共用
MX、NS サーバである可能性もあるので、このような設定は慎重におこなう必要がある。特に
NS の方は、自前の DNS を持たずレジストラや ISP が提供している DNS サーバを使っているドメインが非常に多いので注意が必要である。また、DNS に問い合わせる方法なので、そのリスクも認識しておくこと。
このような制限を標準で利用できる MTA は確認しているかぎりでは Postfix 2.1 以降だけ（2.0 用パッチもあるが、これを使うぐらいならバージョンを上げた方がいいだろう）だが、Sendmail は 8.12 以降でサポートされた dns マップタイプを使うことで MX や NS などの検索が可能なので、自分でルールセットを書けば実装することは可能であると思われる。
なお、ごく稀に管理者の無知でプライベートアドレスが
MX に設定されている例がある。以前、とある国内の小規模
SI 業者が構築したドメイン（発見しただけで10ドメインほど）がプライマリ MX にグローバル IP 、セカンダリ MX にプライベート IP が設定されていたことがあった。セカンダリ MX はふだん使われることがないので異常な設定であることに気がつかなかったのだろう（現在は解消されている）。
null sender ( MAIL FROM : <>) の対処
このアドレスはバウンスメールの送信で使われる。RFC2505 # 2.6 では
The MTA MUST NOT refuse to receive " MAIL From : <> " .
とされている。つまり、拒否してはならない。ただし
# 2.7 では、他のポリシーでひっかかるときには除外されている。接続元
IP アドレスがブラックリストにある場合が例に挙げられているが、ほかにも、RCPT
TO : が自分のドメイン以外だと不正中継になってしまうので、このような場合も <> を拒否するべきだろう。ただし、通常バウンスの宛先アドレスはひとつなので、複数の宛先を持つ <> を拒否することも考えられるのだが、これについては
# 2.6.1 で明確な理由を挙げてこれを拒否してはならない（tarpitting
なら可）と明記されている。具体的になぜなのかは
RFC2505 本文を参照のこと（個人的には無視していいと考える）。
もちろん、正当な理由なく null sender を拒否するのは決してやってはいけない。不要ならばいったん受け取ってから捨てること。
なお 、RFC3834 ではバウンス以外での自動送信メールで <> を使うことを許容している。
メッセージサイズの制 限
これは spam 対策ではなく、サーバのリソース保護の目的で入れる制限になる。長大なメールはメールボックスをあふれさせたり、各種コンテンツフィルタの負荷を増大させる。サイトのポリシーにもよるが、1MB〜100MB 程度に制限しておくとよいだろう（昔は 50 kB ぐらいに抑えるよう言われてた）。
MTA のアクセス制御は、たいていの場合自分のローカルネットワークからのアクセスではひっかからないように設定するものだが、このサイズ制限に関してはよそのサイトに迷惑をかけないよう、ローカルからの送信にも適用されるように設定しておくのがいいだろう。
ところで、なぜこれが送信者アドレスの項目にあるかというと、MAIL FROM : の引数でサイズが通知されるからである( RFC1870 ESMTP SIZE 拡張 ) 。qmail は SIZE 拡張に対応してないので 、MAIL FROM : ではなく DATA の終わりでチェックされる 。
RCPT TO : 受信者アドレスによる判 定
ここまでで述べてきた IP アドレス や HELO 、MAIL FROM などによるアクセス制限は、ひっかかったそのときではなく、この
RCPT TO が発行されるまで待ってからエラーを返してもよい。なぜならば、その方が spammer に関する情報をより多く収集できるからである 。
不正中継の拒 否
基本中の基本。自分宛の spam を減らすためではなく、無関係の人に spam を送る踏台とされないようにするための制限 。
自分宛ドメインのメールだけを受け取る。他ドメイン宛のメールを受け取って、しかもその他ドメイン宛メールをそのドメインに配送してしまうと第三者不正中継の踏み台サーバとして
DNSBL にリストされるであろう。RFC2505 # 2.1
存在しないローカルアカウント宛のメール
存在しないローカルユーザ宛のメールの措置は、
受け取らな い( SMTP セッション中で拒否 ) 受け取ってからバウンス 受け取ってから捨て る
のいずれかになる。1が望ましいが、DHA
( directory harvest attack ) を受けることもある 。2 は送信者が詐称されていた場合 backscatter になるし、詐称されていなくても harvesting されうるので極力避ける。qmail はデフォルトがこの動作なので注意すること。3 は DHA を受けることもないが、いらないメールもいったん受けとるのでネットワーク帯域のムダになる。また、単純に宛先アドレスを間違えただけの場合にもエラーが返ってこないので、届いてないメールを届いたと思いこむ事故が発生する可能性がある。
sendmail や postfix など一部の MTA には、以前は存在したアカウントだけど何らかの理由で別のメールアドレスに変更になったユーザについて、旧アドレス宛に送られると新アドレスを案内する機能がある。spammer にハーベスティングされるおそれがあるので、この機能はあっても使わない方がいいだろう。新アドレスを宣伝するだけで受け取り拒否するぐらいならば、黙って受け取って新アドレスに転送してやった方がいい。
RFC2505 #2.11
存在しないドメイン宛のメール
これは外部からローカルユーザ宛に送ってくるメールについてではなく、ローカルユーザが外部に送るメールにかける制限。
ローカルユーザから送られるメールは無制限に中継を許可する設定にしていることが多いと思うが、ここに宛先ドメインが実在するかどうかのチェックを入れておくのも有効である。存在しないドメインにメールなんて送れないんだから、受け取ってからバウンスしたり時間切れになるまでキューに溜めこんでおいたりするのではなく、はじめから受け取らないようにしておけば
MTA のよけいな仕事が減るというものである。
postmaster 宛
システム予約のアカウントや RFC2142 で規定されているメールボックスはどのホストにも存在している確率が高いので spammer に狙われやすい。しかし、RFC2142 に記述があろうと、たとえば
NetNews サービスをしていなければ news アカウントは不要だし、ほんとうに要求されるもの以外は消してしまってかまわない。
ただし 、postmaster に関しては RFC2821 の規定で必ず存在していなければならない。spam が届くからといって 、postmaster を aliases から削除してはならない 。postmaster 宛メールの一部を受け取り拒否することは実は認められているので、ちゃんとエイリアスなり実アカウントなりで postmaster アカウントを用意した上で spam 対策をすること 。
directory harvest attack
MTA に多数の RCPT TO や VRFY 、EXPN を送ってそれぞれの応答をチェックし、実在するアカウントと実在しないアカウントを選別することを
DHA （directory harvest attack ; ディレクトリ獲得攻撃）という。spam 送信ではなく、spam 送信の準備段階の行為である。よく似たものとしておなじみ辞書攻撃 ( dictionary attack ) がある。これはただ単に 「 下手な鉄砲数撃ちゃ当たる」で存在するかどうかわからないアドレスを大量に並べてメール送信することを指し、アドレス収集は副次的な目的であることが多い。大量の
RCPT TO を送りつける目的がアドレス収集のためなのか、メール送信のためなのかの違いだが、挙動はほとんど変わらないので対策も同じでよいだろう。RFC2505 # 2.11
VRFY はアドレスが存在するか否かの確認、EXPN はエイリアスやメーリングリストになっているアドレスの実際の転送先アドレスの取得に使われるコマンドである。そもそも実装していない
MTA だって多いわけで、これらの要求をすべて拒否してしまっても特に問題になることはない。UNIX での各種 MTA の設定は以下のとおり 。
- Sendmail define( `confPRIVACY_FLAGS ' , `authwarnings , noexpn , novrfy ' ) # .cf を直接変更する場合は O PrivacyOptions の項 - Postfix disable_vrfy_command = yes # EXPN はもともと非サポート - qmail # VRFY 、EXPN とも非サポー ト
一方 、RCPT TO は実際の宛先アドレスを指定するものなので、これを拒否するわけにはいかない。RCPT
TO を使う DHA に対しては、存在しないアカウントを指定してくるたびにペナルティとして応答に遅延を入れてやる( tarpitting )ことである程度防御することができる。また、存在しないアドレスを指定した回数が一定の数以上になったら切断してしまうといいだろう。頻繁にやってくるホストならばブラックリストに登録する。
DHA や辞書攻撃では一度に数百のアドレスを RCPT TO : に指定してくることもある。RCPT
TO : の数が 100 を越えるような場合には、それ以下の数になるように SMTP トランザクションを分割すべし、と RFC2821 にあり、まともな MTA は実際そのように実装されているので、100 以上の RCPT TO : が並ぶことは通常ないはずである。よってこれ以上の
RCPT TO : は受け付けないように制限しておくとよいだろう。ただし、最低
100 との規定があるので、それ以下に設定してはならない( RFC2821 # 4.5.3.1)。つまり、上限をきっかり100に設定すればよい。もっとも、受信者アドレスが
10 しか存在しないホストなのに RCPT TO が 20 というのもおかしな話なので、そういう小規模なところでは実情にあわせて設定して問題ないだろう。
RCPT TO : で宛先アドレスが存在するかどうか確認して、しかしメールの本文を実際に送らずに切断してしまう、というのは高い確率で
DHA である。しかし、こちらから送ったメールの宛先サーバから、spam
チェックのために送信元が実在しているかどうか逆接続して確認してくることが稀にある。これも一種のハーベスティングなのだが、こういうのをブラックリストに入れてしまうと、こちらからのメールが届かなくなってしまうので注意する必要がある。
ここに挙げた以外では、バウンスメールなどからも届くアドレスと届かないアドレスの選別が可能なので注意する必要がある。アドレス収集の項も参照せよ。
その他の SMTP セッション中のアクセス制 御
SMTP セッション中のメール本文のやりとりがはじまるまでに判断できる上述のような情報を複数組み合わせて判定したり、また、上述のどれにも属さない話題。
厳密な文法チェッ ク
多くの MTA は自分には厳しく、他人には寛容に、という方針で実装されている。つまり、自分が
SMTP クライアントとなって他サーバに配送するときは RFC を守るが 、SMTP サーバとなって他からメールを受け付けるときには少々の違反には目をつぶって受け入れる、というポリシーになっていることが多い。
spamware はとりあえずメールを送れればいいので、RFC の遵守に気をかけず、他人が寛容なのに甘えていいかげんな文法で
SMTP コマンドを送ってくることがある。よって、寛容さを捨てて厳密なチェックをするようにすることで、spamware からの送信のうちいくらかを止められる。ただし、spamware でなくても、実装のまずい MTA があれば問題を起こすことがある。たとえば、qmail のダブルバウンスで使われ る # @ [ ]
という送信者アドレスは正しくないし、DoCoMo はクォートする必要がある文字列を含むメールアドレスを発行しておきながらクォートせず送信しようとする（DoCoMo のページには「一部のプロバイダとメールを送受信できない場合があります」と、ISP 側に問題があって DoCoMo の側では修正するつもりもないように書かれているが、悪いのはまぎれもなく
DoCoMo の側である。詳細は省くけど DoCoMo の MTA はほかにもいくつかおかしな挙動を示す）。
spam を送るのはメール送信ツールだけではない。HTTP のプロクシが踏台にされて spam を送ってくることがある。これは、HTTPS のプロクシが仕様上任意のホストの任意のポートに対して任意の通信が可能だからである（RFC2817 ; ふつうは設定で制限する）。そのために、稀に
HELO / EHLO が要求されるべき状況で 、SMTP とは関係ない GET だの POST だのといった HTTP のコマンドが送られることがある。こういう接続は明らかに不正目的であり、かつ 4xx で蹴るか 5xx で蹴るかだのといった議論が通用しないので、検知したら即座に切断してよい（MTA がその機能をサポートしていれば。そんなに頻繁にはないので放置しても問題はないだろう）。
なお 、Sendmail X は、この寛容さを捨てて、他人にも厳格なルール遵守を求めるようだ。
以下も参照のこと : HELO の省略、不正な PIPELINING
AUTH
認証に成功したユーザに対してのみ中継を許可するしくみ。RFC2554 で定義されるが、この RFC 自体は認証の枠組を定めるだけで、実際に使われる認証の詳細は
RFC2222 ( SASL ) で別途定義される 。RFC2505 # 3.3
SMTP というプロトコルにはもともと認証の概念が含まれていなかった。そのため、外部ネットワークいる正規ユーザが正規ユーザであると確認する手段がなく、外部にメールを中継させる用途では、信頼できるネットワークからのアクセスだけに限定したり、やむをえず
POP before SMTP でお茶を濁していたりいた。しかし、この拡張機能を使うことで
SMTP のプロトコルの中で認証できるようになり、組織の外部から正規ユーザがメールを送れるようになった。あくまで拡張プロトコルであり、クライアント、サーバの双方で
AUTH への対応が必要なため、どんな場合でも使えるわけではないが、普及は進んでいるため、外部ネットワークからの送信が必要なサイトでは導入済みのところが多いだろう。
SMTP over TLS
TLS による安全な通信路を確保し、そのトンネル上で SMTP をおこなう。通常 の 25 番ポートに SMTP で接続した後で STARTTLS コマンドで TLS に移行するものと 、465 番ポートに SSL によるトンネルを張ってからその上で SMTP を開始するものと、中身のまったく異なるふたつの方法がある。それぞれ別の名前を与えて使いわけてほしいものだが、いっしょくたにされてしまっているのが現状である。前者は
MTA どうしの送受信で、後者は MUA から MTA への送信で主に使われているようだ 。
この文書ではメールを受け取る立場から送信側をチェックすることについて述べているが、逆に、送る方の立場から受ける側の正当性を確認できるほとんど唯一の手段がこの
TLS である。たとえば DNS のキャッシュが汚染されていた場合、通常は重要なメールを不審なホストに送ってしまってもほとんど気がつかない。しかし、TLS のサーバ認証により送信先サーバの正当性を検証すれば、不審なホストに機密を漏らす前に送信を止められる。
もちろんクライアント認証も可能なので、受信側から送信側の正当性をチェックすることも理屈の上では可能である。
ETRN
通常キューの再送はキューを保持しているサーバが一定のスケジュールで実施するが、配送を受ける
MTA からの要求で再送させることもできる。このときに使われるのが
ETRN である。
しかし、ETRN を使わなくてもしばらくすれば再送されるのだから、特段の事情がないかぎり
ETRN を許可する必要はないだろう。どうしても許可したい場合でも、特定のホストからの要求に限定するべきである。RFC2505 #2.12
レート制 御
同時あるいは単位時間あたりの接続数や、単位時間あたりあるいはセッションあたりのメール通数、メールサイズ、受信者数、エラー数などの上限を設定しておき、それを越えるアクセスを拒絶したり、応答を遅延したりする。
これはおもに DoS からの防御、あるいは内部からの意図せぬ大量配送を防止する目的で実施することになる。もちろん、短時間に大量の spam を送ってくる輩を排除するのにも使える。RFC2505 # 2.8
設定できる項目は MTA によって大きく異なるので、MTA の機能だけに頼らないほうがよいだろう。日頃からトラフィックやログの監視をして通常と異なるパターンがあらわれていないかチェックし、異常があれば一時的に設定を変更して防御するなどの臨機応変な対応が必要になる。過大なアクセスを締め出す場合は
MTA ではなくファイアウォールなどの別の機器で対処した方がよいこともある。
リソース制 御
同じく DoS からの防御である。プロセス数やロードアベレージ、使用メモリ、ディスク容量（キューディレクトリ、アカウントごとのメールボックス）などに上限を設定しておき、それを越える状態のときには新規の接続を受け付けないようにする。限界を越える負荷状況でサーバを稼働し続けるのは危険である。リソース保護は必須である。
tarpitting
応答をわざと遅らせること。tarpitting（ターピット、タール坑 ; ドイツ語で Teergrube と表記することもある）と呼ばれるが、これは現代になって発掘されているマンモスやサーベルタイガーなどの化石の多くがタール溜まりに落ちて身動きが取れずに緩慢な死を迎えたものであることに由来する。throttling や greet_pause （Sendmail 8.13 ）ということもある。
spam の多くは短時間に大量のメールを送れるように最適化された専用ツールで送られる。送信に時間がかかる宛先はすっとばして、時間のかからない宛先に次々と送っていった方が効率よく spam をばらまけるので 、spamware は汎用の MTA に比べてタイムアウトが短く設定されていることが多い。これを利用してわざとゆっくりと応答をしてやると、spammer は送信をさっさとあきらめてしまう（が、一般の MTA は待ってくれる）ことが期待できる 。
また 、SMTP トランザクションの開始のとき、グリーティングバナーを送出する前にわざと遅延を入れてやると、SMTP
コマンドを不正に先行発行するクライアントを見極めやすくなる。
どんな場合にも遅延するのではなく、たとえば、
RCPT TO : に存在しないアドレスを指定したなどのエラーを発生させたときに遅延させる
接続元が ホワイトリストにないときに遅延させ る
接続元の IP アドレスの逆引きが存在しないときに遅延させる
接続元が DNSBL にリストされているときに遅延させる
など、相手に応じて遅延を入れるかどうか選択的に判断してやるとよい。遅延時間は数秒〜数十秒程度が適当だろう。まともな
MTA までタイムアウトしてしまうような長い時間に設定してはいけない。最小タイムアウト値の目安は
RFC2821 # 4.5.3.2 に記述がある。
なお、あたりまえだが、遅延を入れなければ1秒もかからず終了できる
SMTP トランザクションであっても、遅延を入れると数十秒以上かかるようになる。そのため、数秒おきにメールが届くような環境では、終了しない
SMTP トランザクションがどんどん増えていってプロセス数の上限を越えてしまい、応答を遅延するどころかそもそも応答できないなんてことが容易に起きうる。また、プロセス数の増大は受信側だけでなく送信側にも起きる。ひとつのメーリングリストに自分のドメインのユーザが何十人も登録されているような場合、その
ML からのメールに一斉に遅延応答してしまって、ML 側の送信プロセスを飽和させたりしないようにしなければならない。
MTA が返すステータスコードのうち 、4xx は一時的エラーを意味する。一時的なので、そのうち回復するだろうことを期待して、しばらくしてから再送するのが
MTA の基本動作である。しかし 、spamware にはこの再送動作をおこなわないものがある。そこで、すべてのメールをいったん 4xx で拒否してこのようなクライアントを選別し、再送してきたものを受け入れるという手法が考えられた。
メールが届くと、接続元 IP アドレス、送信者アドレス、受信者アドレスの組み合わせ ( triplet ) をデータベースに記録していったん 4xx で拒否する。一定時間内に同一の triplet で送信されてくれば、それは再送されたものとして 、4xx ではなく今度は正常に受け取る。triplet を記録するデータベースは許可リスト（ホワイトリスト）でも、拒否リスト（ブラックリスト）でもなく、まだどちらかわからない「疑わしい」リストなので、これをグレイ（灰色）リストとよぶ。triplet ではなく、IP アドレスだけを見る簡易法（いちげんさんお断り方式、お馴染みさん方式）もある。いずれも再送するかしないかだけで判別するので、ちゃんと再送してくる spam にはまったく効果がない。
最近の spam の多くはワームに乗っとられたゾンビ PC を発信元とし、これは多くの場合 spamware ないしは open proxy として動作している。これらはキューを持たず再送しないものがほとんどのため、greylisting による拒否の効果は高く、また、再送されたメールは受け取るので、一般的な
MTA からのメールを失なう可能性も低い。しかし、この方法は自分のサーバだけでなく、正当なメールの送信元のサーバに再送を強いることになる。そのような正当なメールの発信元はホワイトリストに入れる運用が基本であるが、正当なメールを送ってくるすべてのホストをホワイトリストに入れられるわけではない。spam を選別する能力が非常に高いことは認めるが、正当なメールを送ってくるサーバのリソースを無駄に浪費させるこの方法は個人的には承服できない。
なお、大規模な ISP では、通常のメール配送サーバとは別に、再送専門の配送サーバを用意していることがある（キューに滞留しているメールの数が多くなると、少ないときとは異なるチューニングが必要になってくるため、ほとんどキューに溜まらない1回目の送信専用のサーバと、大量のキューを扱う2回目以降の再送専用サーバに役割を分担しておくと効率がよくなる）。また、大規模メールシステム向け商用
MTA には、キューの管理をおこなうサーバと実際の配送をおこなうサーバを物理的に分離できるようにしてスケーラビリティを高めているものがある。つまり、再送のためのキューは1ヶ所だが、実際の再送は
IP アドレスの異なる複数の配送サーバがおこなう。このようなシステムを採用している
ISP からのメールはグレイリストに記録した triplet とは異なる IP アドレスからメールが再送されてくることがあるので注意が必要である。
たいていの MTA では greylisting は外部プログラムとの連携で実現されるが 、Sendmail X には greylisting の機能がはじめから内蔵されている。また 、Mirapoint のメールアプライアンスに塔載されている MailHurdle という機能はどうやら greylisting をベースにしたものらしい 。
POP before SMTP
POP 認証に成功した IP アドレスからのメール送信を一定時間の間認めるもの。以下のような問題があるので、できるだけ使わない方がよい。そもそも、これはあくまで
POP の認証であって 、SMTP の認証ではない 。SMTP Auth に移行するべきである 。
ユーザにプライベートアドレスを割り当てている
CATV 系 ISP や企業などの NAT を利用しているネットワークからは複数のユーザがひとつの
IP アドレスを共有しているように見える。そのため、ひとりが POP 認証に成功すると、同じネットワークにいる無関係の他人からの不正中継が可能になってしまう。
PPP による動的割り当て IP アドレスから POP 認証に成功してから PPP を切断し 、SMTP 送信可能が有効な時間内にその IP アドレスがまったく無関係な第三者に割り当てられると、その第三者から不正中継が可能になってしまう。
POP ユーザ名に紐づけられたメールアドレスでの送信しか認めないといった制限をかければ少しはマシになるが、これでもゼロにちょっと近づいただけでマイナスであることには変わりない。
メッセージヘッダによる判定
これまで述べてきた方法はいずれもメールの中身を見ていない。つまり、spam かどうかではなく、spammer かどうか、という観点で判定している。spam かどうかを判定するのは、以下に述べるヘッダと本文を見る手法である。
ヘッダから得られる情 報
メールのヘッダは大きく、MUA が付与するヘッダと、配送経路上の MTA、MDA が付与するヘッダの2種類にわけられる。
MTA、MDA が付与するヘッ ダ
おもに 、SMTP のセッション中にやりとりされる情報や、配送経路の追跡情報である。これらの情報を利用するアクセス制御は
SMTP セッション中にヘッダに頼らなくともできるので、MTA レベルで利用することはないだろう。MDA で判定するときに利用する情報になる。
Return - Path MAIL FROM : で指定された envelope sender（必須ではない）。 Delivered - To RCPT TO : で指定された enveloepe recipient（必須ではない） 。
Received 経由した MTA に関するさまざまな情報（必須だがしばしば偽造ヘッダが付加される）。
Return - Path と Delivered - To はメールを受け取った側で付与され、よそから届いた段階には存在しないので、MTA でおこなうアクセス制御にこれらのヘッダから得られる情報を利用することはできない（正確には、付与されている場合もあるが信用するべきではない）。これらの envelope 情報は MDA では環境変数などで参照できることも多い 。
Received には途中経路上の MTA の IP アドレスやホスト名、どのホストからメールを受け取ったかや、HELO でどんな名前を名乗ったかなどが記録されている
。Received ヘッダの文法はかなり自由度が高いので機械的に情報を抽出するのは他のヘッダに比べるとめんどうだが、配送に関与したすべての
MTA の情報が記載されるので重要である。ただし、偽造した
Received ヘッダを付与してメールの出所を隠蔽するといったこともよくおこなわれているので惑わされないように注意。
MUA が付与するヘッ ダ
From、To、Cc、Subject 、Message-ID、その他もろもろ。いくつかの重要なヘッダについては、足りなかったり構文がおかしかったりすると途中経路の
MTA が追加、修正することがある。
なお 、From 、To、Cc についてはエンベロープ （MAIL FROM : 、RCPT TO : で指定されるアドレス）とは必ずしも一致しない。
ヘッダ文法チェッ ク
ヘッダフィールドで使える文字の種類や、1行の長さなど、ヘッダの形式は
RFC で定められている。その範囲内で Date や Message - ID などの多くのヘッダは記述する値の文法がさらに細かく定められている。
ヘッダが正式に定められた形式を守っているかどうかチェックすると、いいかげんな作りのクライアントからのメールを弾くことができる。ただし、spamware
にかぎらず、このようなおかしな文法のものは意外と多いので注意が必要である。
ヘッダ内容チェッ ク
spam にはヘッダの値に特徴的な文字列が含まれていることがある。代表的なのは
Subject のおなじみ 「 未承諾広告 」など 。Subject での判定以外にも、韓国語や中国語の読めない spam は Content - Type のサブタイプで知ることができるし、大量送信ツールを使った送信では
X - Mailer で自分の名前を名乗ってくることがある。
From 、To、Cc のそれぞれに記載されたアドレスについて、エンベロープの
MAIL FROM : 、RCPT TO : でおこなうのと同じような検査をおこなうことも考えらえる。
ただし、 「 こんな spam が届いたどうにかしてくれ 」のような報告をメールで受ける可能性がある場合は、Subject による判定は注意が必要である。元の spam の
Subject に Re : だの Fw : だのをつけただけであることが多いので、単純に
Subject の部分一致だとその報告メールも拒否してしまう。かなりのレアケースだと思うが、特に postmaster や info、support、abuse といったアドレスにはそのようなメールが届くことがまれにあるのでいちおう留意しておくこと。
また、X - Mailer での判別では、そのツールを spamware ではなく同報配信ソフトとしてまともな用途に使う例がまったくないわけではないので、拒否してしまうとまっとうな案内を受け取れないこともある。
ループ回 避
メールの転送設定がおかしかったりすると、いくつかのサーバの間で同じメールを延々と転送しつづけてしまうことがある。放置すると無限ループになってサーバのリソースに影響を与えるので、ループを検知して途中でこの循環を止めてやる必要がある。この判定に使われるのが
Received と Delivered - To である 。
Received
正確には、ループ回避ではなくホップ数制限である。MTA 間をメールがやりとりされるたびに、Received ヘッダが追加されていく。そのため、Received ヘッダの数がむやみやたら多い場合は、同じメールが同じサーバを何回も通過している可能性が疑われる。よって、ある設定値以上の
Received ヘッダを持つメールはそれ以上の転送をやめて、無限ループを回避する。
この方法は、正確にループを検出しているわけではない。ループが止まるのは数周した後かもしれないし、実はもしかしたらループでもなんでもなく、ほんとうにたくさんのメールサーバを経由しないと届かないメールなのかもしれない。前者については、1周では止まらないれど最終的には止まるのでよしとする。後者については、できるだけそうなってしまわないように十分大きな上限値にし、またできるだけ多段ホップを減らすように
MTA のシステム全体を構築することで回避する。
以前は UUCP などを使っていて直接の到達性がなく、何段か中継しないと送れない相手などもあったので
Received ヘッダの数は多かったが、最近ではほとんどの相手と直接
SMTP でつながるようになっている。しかし、メーリングリストマネージャやウィルススキャンエンジンなどの付加機能を持たせるシステムのため、ローカルなネットワーク内で多段中継してホップ数が多いことはある。最低でも30ホップ程度は許可しておく必要があるだろう（RFC2821 # 6.2 では 100 以上にすべきとされている）。
Delivered - To
SMTP セッション中に RCPT TO : で指定されたアドレスは MDA により Delivered - To ヘッダに記録される。. forward などでこれを別アドレスに転送したが、何らかの理由でループして戻ってきた場合、そのメールにはすでに
RCPT TO : と同じ Delivered - To が設定されているため、ループしてきたということが検知できる。Received によるような不確実な検知ではなく 、Delivered - To ではループちょ う ど1周で検出できるという利点がある。
しかし、上述のように Delivered - To は MDA で付加されるヘッダなので、. forward などによる個々のアカウントのレベルでの転送ループは検知できるが、MX によらない静的配送経路（sendmail の mailertable 、postfix の transport_maps、qmail の smtproutes ）を人為的に形成しているときに、設定ミスによるループが形成されてしまったとしても、Delivered -To ヘッダは付加されないのでこの方法は役に立たない。そのため、ループ検知を
Delivered - To だけに頼ることはできず 、Received によるホップ数制限も必要となる 。
なお、これは非標準ヘッダであり、そもそもサポートしていない
MTA も多い 。Delivered - To をサポートしている MTA では、サポートしていない MTA に比べて Received のホップ数カウントの上限をゆるめの設定にすることが多い。
ヘッダサイズ制 限
年に何回か大手企業 が To や
Cc に多数のメールアドレスを入れてしまって顧客のアドレスを漏洩してしまうミスをやらかして新聞に載る。
ヘッダの行数やバイト数に制限をして、それを越えるメールはエラーにしてやると、このような事故はある程度は防げるかもしれない。ただし、Received がたくさんある場合もあるので、最低でも数
KB は許可してやる必要はある。
メッセージボディによる判定
本文チェッ ク
yet .
バウンスメールには元メールが添付されることが多い。本文におかしな文字列があったからといってそれを拒否する設定にすると、spam
だけでなく、本来受け取るべきバウンスメールまで拒否してしまうことになるので注意が必要である（ヘッダによるチェックでは、バウンスに添付されても拒否する原因となったヘッダはボディに移るのでこのようなことは起きない）。
MIME 構造チェッ ク
構文の壊れた MIME マルチパートメッセージを送ってくる spammer がたまにいる。また、構文的には間違っているためウィルススキャナにはマルチパートと認識されずに添付ファイルが認識されないが、メーラーには認識されるために素通りしてしまった
Sircam というウィルスがあった。spammer にとってはメーラーがちゃんと解釈してくれれば規格に厳密である必要はないのだ。
そこで、MIME マルチパートの構造を厳密にチェックすることで、いくつかの spam を検知することができる。しかし、へぼプログラマの書いた
MIME ライブラリをそれと知らずに使ってしまった spam でないメールもそれなりに多いので注意が必要である。spamware によってはマルチパートの境界文字列 （Content - Type ヘッダの boundary =...）が特定のパターンになっていることがあるので、こちらを検知するのも意外と有効である。
添付ファイ ル
添付ファイルの拡張子が Windows の実行形式（.exe、.com、.bat、.pif、.scr、.cmd など）やスクリプト（.vbs や .js など）の場合には、ウィルスの危険ありとして拒否してしまう設定をすることがある。これは
Content - Disposition ヘッダの filename アトリビュートで見分けることができる 。
ただし、ファイルを自己展開アーカイブでまとめて .exe の形で添付したりすることも日常的におこなわれているので、必要なメールまで失ってしまう可能性がないではない。これは主に spam というよりもウィルス対策なので、ウィルススキャナを導入すればたいていは除去できるはずである。しかし、ウィルススキャナといえど万能ではなく見逃すこともないではないし、spam
とは異なりウィルスは怪しい臭いがしたら少々の誤判定の可能性があっても捨ててしまった方が安全なので、このような方法を一概に否定することはできない。実際にこのような手法を導入するさいには、ユーザに事情を十分周知しておくべきだろう。
GTUBE
Generic Test for Unsolicited Bulk Email。アンチウィルスソフトの動作確認に使われる
EICAR テストウィルスと同じように、spam フィルタの動作確認に使われるテストスパム。本文のどこかに
XJS *C4JDBQADN1.NSBN3*2IDNEN*GTUBE-STANDARD-ANTI-UBE-TEST-EMAIL*C.34X
という文字列が含まれているメールを送ったときに spam と判定されれば、spam フィルタは正しく動作している。この文字列をそのまま生で送った場合だけでなく、Base64 などでエンコードした場合にも検知できるか確認しておくとよい。
もちろん、その spam フィルタが GTUBE の検出にもともと対応していなければ確認できないので念のため。
コンテンツフィル タ
単純なパターンマッチで spam かどうか判定したり添付ファイルを除去したりするだけのかんたんなものから、ベイジアンフィルタやウィルススキャナのような全文を対象にチェックするような複雑なものまで多種多様で、用途もさまざま。もちろん、上述の判定方法もコンテンツフィルタの一種である。
外部から入ってくるメールが spam やウィルスなどであるかどうかのチェックするために設置されるコンテンツフィルタだけではなく、機密情報の漏洩を防ぐために内部から出ていくメールを監査する目的で設置されるコンテンツフィルタも、最近は特にエンタープライズ用途で多くなっている（ほとんど商用製品）。
コンテンツフィルタは MTA に内蔵されることもあるが、複雑で多様な目的を実現するために、MTA の外部で実装することが多い。コンテンツフィルタと MTA との情報のやりとりの手法には以下のようなものがある。
MTA 内蔵( postfix body_checks )
MTA のモジュール入れ替 え( qmailscanner )
専用 API を利用したライブラリ( sendmail milter )
UNIX ドメインソケット、パイプなどの OS 内蔵のプロセス間通信機 構
SMTP
iCAP
専用プロトコ ル
商用のコンテンツフィルタは SMTP を話し、それ自身で簡易 MTA として動作するものが多い。このような製品はふつうにメールを中継してやるだけでフィルタリングすることが可能である。また、HTTP プロクシ用のコンテンツフィルタをそのまま使えるように、iCAP という HTTP プロクシで主に使われるプロトコルでやりとりするものもある。
以下、主なコンテンツフィルタ。概念的な説明に留めて、詳細にまでは踏みこまない。
ウィルススキャ ナ
最近のウィルス（というか、ワーム）は大量にメールを送信する機能を内蔵しているものがほとんどだが、その挙動は spamware とほとんどかわらないので、spam 対策を強固にしていれば、ウィルススキャナを導入しなくてもかなりのウィルスはブロックできてしまう。とはいえ、さんざん繰り返しているように、「spam 対策で重要なのは spam でないメールを受け取ること 」なので、spam の可能性が高いが断言はできない、という程度ならば受け取ってしまうべきであり、そこからウィルスが入りこむ隙はやはり存在する。
なので、spam 対策と並行して、ウィルスへの対策もしておくべきだろう。こちらはうっかり感染してしまったときの被害を考えたら、少々厳しいぐらいのチェックでもよい。たいていのメールウィルススキャナは、検知したウィルスを削除するだけでなく、どこかに隔離( quarantine )しておくことができるようになっている。そのため、ウィルスでないメールをウィルスと誤判定してしまった場合でも拾ってくることは可能である。
ClamAV などのフリーのウィルススキャナもがんばってはいるが、やはり商用製品の方が検知できるウィルスの数が多いし、ワームではなく、実行バイナリに感染する狭義のウィルスや
Word や Excel などのマクロウィルスなどに関しては、検知したファイル全体を除去するのではなく、ウィルス部分だけを取り除いて感染前に近い状態に修復できたりするなど機能が豊富である。もっとも、修復が可能なタイプのウィルス自体が絶滅危惧種だし、修復されたとわかっていても恐くてさわれないのが人間心理なので、削除しかできなくてもそれほどデメリットにはならないのだが。
選択の際には、機能、性能だけでなく、新種ウィルスへの対応の速さ、サポート対応の充実さも含めて検討した方がよい。商用製品を使う場合には、ベンダの担当者と太いパイプを作っておくと、未対応新種ウィルスの拡散時など、迅速な情報収集が必要なときに手助けになってくれるかもしれない。
どのようなものをウィルスとみなしてパターンファイルに登録するかはベンダによって基準が異なることに注意。たとえば
Klez や Netsky は「 不適切な MIME ヘッダ 」 ( MS01-020 ) による自動実行で爆発的に広まったワームであるが、被害をもたらすのはワーム本体の実行ファイルであって、トリガーである「不適切な
MIME ヘッダ」単体で被害が出ることはない。このような直接の実害をもたらさないものについてはベンダによって対応が異なることがある。MS01-020 の例では、シマンテックは検知しないがトレンドマイクロ(HTML_IFRMEXP.GEN)とマカフィー( Exploit-MIME.gen ) は検知する。
ベイジアンフィル タ
ベイズ推定を spam 判定に応用したもの。過去に起きた事象（これまでに受けた spam）から未来（これから受ける spam）を予測して判定する統計フィルタ。 「
過去に起きた事象」の蓄積、つまり学習が必要となる。受信するメールの傾向は個人ごとに異なるので、学習も個人ごとにおこなった方が効率がよい。そのため、MTA
での spam 判定で使われることもあるが、どちらかというと MDA、MUA でおこなうことが多い 。MRA でおこなう POPFile というツールもある 。
最近では spam フィルタの主力といっていいほどよく知られているので、spammer 側でも対策しているようで、spam 確率の低いトークンを大量に混入させたり（宣伝とは無関係な時事ニュースを末尾に付加したりする）、spam 確率の高いトークンを偽装したり （Viagra を
V * i * a * g * r * a としたりする）してフィルタをすり抜けようとする spam も多い。
また、MEF ( Malicious Email Filter ) のように、テキストの spam ではなくバイナリのウィルス検知にベイズ推定を用いる試みもある。2001年の
USENIX で発表しているが、その後の動きが見えないので、試みがある、というより、あった、とすべきかもしれない。
ベイズ推定によるフィルタリングのアイデアが広く知られるようになったのは 2002 年の Paul Graham による A Plan for Spam（邦訳）という文書からだが、これは上述の MEF よりも新しいし、さらにさかのぼるとメールの振り分け先フォルダを自動で推測する ifile というツール が1996 年から実装しているようだ 。
協調型フィルタリングデータベース
DNSBL は spam を送ってくる IP アドレスを DNS という分散協調型データベースをとおして参照できるようにしたものである。同様に、IP アドレスではなく、spam 自体を分散データベース化して参照するしくみもある。
届いた spam そのものをデータベースに問い合わせるとサイズが大きくなるので、実際にはメッセージから数十バイト程度のシグネチャを生成してそれで識別することになる。同じシグネチャが誰かによってすでに報告されてカタログデータベースに登録されていれば spam と判断される 。
代表的なものに Vipul 's Razor 、Pyzor 、DCC
( Distributed Checksum Clearinghouse ) などがある。いずれも SpamAssassin から利用することもできるらしい。未確認だが、BIGLOBE の迷惑メールブロックサービスの正体は Vipul 's Razor ではないかと思われる 。
URIBL
URI blackhole list 。spam の多くは広告メールなので、宣伝サイトへ誘導する URL が含まれているのがほとんどである。この URL を登録してあ る
DNSBL が URIBL である 。SURBL、URIBL、RBL.JP
、Bulkfeeds などで運用されている。
ドキュメントを斜め読みしたかぎりでは、URL
の一部しか見ていないようで、同じドメインに spammer とそうでない人が両方いるような場合を区別できないように思う。たとえば、example.com
が URIBL に登録されているとすると、
http://example.com/~badbuy/
http://example.com/~goodbuy/
http://badguy.example.com/
http://goodguy.example.com/
という URL がいずれも spam 判定を受けてしまいそうに見える（ 後2者は URIBL に問い合わせる側の実装依存かも）。また、example.net が example.com と IP アドレスが同じバーチャルホストであれば、http://example.net/
がまったく無関係であったとしても spam 判定を受けてしまいそうだ（これもクライアントの実装依存か？）。ドキュメントを精読したわけでないので勘違いかもしれないけど。
この手法では URL の一部分とはいえ、メールの本文に含まれる内容の一部がそのまま外部に送信されることになるので注意が必要である。内輪だけで利用している
URL でも、メールの文中に書かれていると、参照先の URIBL やリカーシブ DNS サーバの運用者などにその存在が漏れてしまう。デリケートな内容を含むメールを扱うことがある場合には、この手法を採用していいかどうか十分な検討が必要だろう。
メールではなく、もともと第三者に向けて公開されることが前提で送られる
Web のトラックバック spam の排除に使うのであれば、情報漏洩について神経質にならなくてもよいだろうからかなり有用だろう。というか、実際のところ現状はそっちでの利用の方が多いかも。
メッセージ監 査
spam やウィルスのように外部から届く不要なメールだけでなく、意図せず内部から出ていってしまう不要なメールも困りものである。企業サーバで私用メールが出ていく程度ならば生産性の低下で済むが、悪意ある社員あるいは悪意あるソフトウェア( malware )によって重要な機密情報が漏洩してしまうと、その企業の信頼を大きく揺るがすことになる。
そこで用いられるのがメッセージ監査・監視ソフトウェアである。なんらかのパターンマッチでブロックするという点では他のコンテンツフィルタと同様だが、監査ツールの場合は中継の可否を即座に判断するだけでなく、あやしいメールは責任者が目視で判断するまでしばらく留め置く、などのアクションを取れるものが多い。
事実上の検閲ツールだが、企業などでは導入が進んでいるようだ。GUARDIANAUDIT
などの製品があるが、その性格上、オープンソースではおそらく存在しないだろう（たぶん）。
メールが監査サーバを通過しなければまったく無意味なので、Outbount Port 25 blocking との併用が必須である。
送信ドメイン認 証
送信 「者」認証と呼ばれることもあるが（だって英語では sender authentication だし）、日本では最近は実態にあわせて送信「ドメイン」認証と呼ばれることが多くなっている。実際、SMTP
AUTH のような 「送信者」を認証するしくみではない。
読めばわかるとおり、以下で述べる各方式は長所だけではない。途中経路での扱いによっては正当なメールでも認証に失敗してしまう可能性は否定できない。しかし、これらの方式はお互いに矛盾しているわけではなく、共存が可能である。認証に用いる情報がそれぞれ異なっているので、複数の方式を同時に採用すれば、ある方式の欠点を別の方式で補うことができる。どれがいい、という問題ではなく、余力があればいくつか採用してどれかひとつでもパスすれば
OK とする、という運用がよいだろう。
また、いずれの方式も現在は DNS を利用している。つまり 、DNS そのものの信頼性・安全性を越えることは不可能であることを心に留めておかなければならない（現在は、としたのは、DKIM が DNS 以外を使えるような将来の拡張を考慮した仕様になっているため）。
SenderID、SPF
POBox の提案した SPF ( Sender Policy Framework ) と Microsoft の CallerID を統合したの が SenderID。RFC
に採択されることにはなった（現時点では決定しただけで番号は与えられていないようだ）が、標準とされる standard track ではなく 、experimental 扱いとなっている 。
送信者のドメインから DNS を検索し、そこに記述されたリストに接続元の
IP アドレスが含まれているかどうかをチェックして、オーソライズされたホストから送信されたものかどうかを調べる。envelope ( MAIL FROM ) を検査対象とす る MFROM （SPF 、SenderID）とヘッダ From を対象とする PRA（SenderID）のふたつの方式がある。 「 誰が送ったか」をチェックする DomainKeys とは異なり、 「どこから送られたか」をチェックするしくみであるといえる。送信側は
DNS の TXT レコードに SPF 情報を登録するだけでよく、送信側 MTA に特別な対応は必要ないことになっている。しかし、「
どこから送られたか」をチェックするしくみであるが故に、メールの転送などで登録していないサーバを中継させてしまう場合には対応できない。これを解決するための対案もあるが、そのためには結局
MTA での対応も必要になる （MFROM は SMTP プロトコル自体の拡張 、PRA は転送サーバでの Resent - From ヘッダの追加） 。
なお、バウンスメール ( MAIL FROM :<>)
などドメインが特定できない送信者に対しては
HELO / EHLO で名乗ったホスト名の TXT レコードが調べられることになる 。
アドレスが詐称されていないことを確認するしくみであって、spam
を検出するしくみとは言えない（フィッシングを検出するには有効性が高い）。送信元の正当性を判定するので、受信側ではなく送信側での防御手段といえるかもしれない（DKIM についても同じことがいえる）。ただし、堂々と
SPF 情報を公開して 「 正しい 」ホストから送ってくる spammer が今後あらわれないとも限らないことに注意。
これを採用している場合は、自分のメールアドレスで好き勝手なホストから送ることはできなくなる（正確には、送ること自体は可能だが、SPF
のチェックにひっかかって受信を拒否されるおそれがある）。つまり、アドレスによってメールを送信するサーバを使いわける必要があるわけだが、Outbound
Port 25
Blocking を採用している ISP のネットワークからではサーバを使いわけたくてもそれが不可能になる。port 25 ではなく、別のポートを用意する必要があるだろう。
なお、PRA は Microsoft の特許で 、ISP や大企業が受信側として検証に用いる場合には、MS との契約が必要になる（ライセンス料は不要）。ただし、どの程度の規模をもって大企業とするのかの基準は不明。くわしくは FAQ ( PDF ) を参照 。
DKIM 、DomainKeys
Yahoo が提案したの が DomainKeys 、DomainKeys と Cisco の提案していた IIM ( Internet Identified Mail ) という仕様と統合したのが DKIM ( DomainKeys Identified Mail ) 。現在は DKIM の方を標準化しようと IETF で作業中。以下は DomainKeys についてだが、仕様を斜め読みしただけなので誤認があるかも（DKIM についてはまったく見てもいないし）。いちおう、DKIM のドラフトはここ 。
まず、送信側でメールのヘッダやボディの内容から電子署名を生成し、それを
DomainKey - Signature ヘッダに付加して送信する。受信側では DNS の TXT レコードから得られる公開鍵をもとに付加された署名を検証し、真正なものかどうかチェックする。署名という意味では
S/ MIME や PGP と同様のアイデアに属するが、信頼できる公証局( CA ) などのしくみは不要で、より低コストに実現できる。
SPF は受信側の MTA や MUA などが DNS 上の情報をチェックできればいいので、送信側 MTA には変更はいらなかったが 、DomainKeys はヘッダに署名を付加して送信する必要があるため、送信側での対応が必須になる。
「 どこから送られたか」をチェックする SPF とは違って 、DomainKeys は署名さえ正しければどのホストからでも送信することができる。MTA ではなく MUA で署名を付加してもたぶん問題ないはず。もっとも、その場合は秘密鍵をどうするのかという問題があるが。また、SPF はドメインにつきポリシーをひとつしか設定できないが 、DomainKeys は署名といっしょに付加されるパラメータで DNS のどのサブドメインを参照するかを変更できる。なので、このパラメータをいじることで同じドメインで異なるポリシーで署名することもできるし、その気になればユーザごとに異なるポリシーを設定する、つまり送信「ドメイン」認証ではなく送信「者」認証にすることも、理屈の上では可能である。
電子署名を用いるため第三者によるメッセージの改竄も検出することができるが、これはメーリングリストなどで
Subject が変更された場合（ほげ → [ test- ml:123 ]
ほげ）にも改竄とみなされて検証に失敗してしまうということである。今後の議論の中で改善されていくものと期待される。
Client SMTP Validation
MTA が HELO / EHLO で名乗る名前とその名前を使う IP アドレスの情報をあらかじめ DNS に登録しておき、受信側はそれを DNS から参照して実際に接続してきた IP アドレスと比較して可否を判断する。考え方としては
SenderID とよく似ているが 、SenderID が送信元メールアドレス ( envelope / header from ) のドメインを検査するのに対して CSV では HELO / EHLO で名乗るホスト名を検査対象とする 。
また、認定( accreditation ) サービスへの問い合わせが CSV の規格内に含まれている。自分のドメインが登録されている認定サービスの情報を
DNS から参照できるようにしておき、受信側で認定サービスに問い合わせてこれを検証する。
このように 、CSV では HELO と認定サービスの検証結果の2本立てで送信者を検査するしくみになっている。途中で中継サーバが入ったりする場合には
HELO で名乗る名前が最初の送信元のものとは異なってしまうので対応できないという問題がある（もしかしたら中継サーバで
CSV のチェックをおこなうことにより認証を連鎖させることを意図しているのかもしれないが、中継ホストが
CSV の認証をおこなったかどうかを受信側で知ることができないのでうまくいかないだろう）。
参考 PDF
その他
雑多な話題 。
DNS 問い合わ せ
数千、数万人の登録者がいる ML やメルマガが配送をはじめると、DNS を利用したアクセス制御をしている各地の MTA から大量の問い合わせが DNS サーバにやってくる。自分の MTA からの問い合わ せ
が1回だけであっても、それを数千、数万のサイトが同じことを同時にやると相当の負荷になる。DNS サーバの能力が低いと、配送先の MTA からの DNS 問い合わせを処理しきれなくなって DDoS 状態に陥いることがありうる 。
DNS の問い合わせが大量にやってくるのは ML やメルマガばかりではない。spammer が送信者を詐称したメールを大量に送信すると、騙られたドメインの
DNS に問い合わせを送ることになる。大規模な ML やメルマガを運営しているところならば DNS も相応の能力のものを用意しているだろうが、小規模サイトではそのような備えがないところも多いだろう。backscatter を送らなくても、その DNS 問い合わせだけでも小規模サイトには致命的な負荷になることがありうるのだ。もちろん、バウンスしてしまうと状況はさらに悪化する。
DNSBL はもともとそういった利用を前提に構築されているサービスなので、上記のような考慮はそれほど必要ない。ただし、1日あたりの問い合わせ回数に制限を設けている
DNSBL もあるので、一定の配慮は必要である。
また、問い合わせ先の DNS やそこまでの経路に何らかの障害が発生するなどして、期待した応答が得られないことがあることに留意すること。DNS キャッシュへの嘘情報の注入（ポイゾニング）にも注意が必要である。SMTP というプロトコルは、送信側では MX や A の検索が必要だが、受信側では DNS 検索は必ずしも必要としないように作られている。必要ないものを使うということは、その分障害が発生する可能性のあるポイントを増やしていることになる。DNS に大きく依存してしまうと 、DNS の障害は判定結果の信頼性を大きく低下させることになる。たとえば、2005年10月の
APNIC の障害では、逆引きがないホストからのメールを拒否する設定になっているサーバへのメールが大量に不達になった。DNS が単一障害点にならないような配慮は必要だろう。
DNS への問い合わせを使う手法はすべて禁じ手であるとまで言うつもりはないが、外部への
DNS 問い合わせをできるだけ控えることができるのならばそれに越したことはない。ブラックリスト/ホワイトリストに載せたり、ローカルにキャッシュ
DNS を置くなどした方がいいだろう。自分の満足のために、よそのサーバに迷惑をかけないようにするべきである。こちらも参照のこと。
とはいえ 、SenderID や SPF 、DomainKeys のように DNS 問い合わせを積極的に利用する仕組みも出てきているので、この考えかたはもう古いのかもしれない。
DNS の設定がマズい、あるいは DNS サーバが落ちているなどの理由で、問い合わせに対して応答が返ってくるまでに長い時間がかかることがある。この間は
SMTP トランザクションが停止するので tarpitting をおこなっているのと同様のことが起きてしまうので注意すること。
IDENT 問い合わ せ
IDENT あるいは AUTH ( 113/tcp ) と呼ばれるプロトコ ル( RFC1413 ) を使うと、誰が送信してきたのかを知ることができる（かもしれない）。この「誰」とは
IP アドレスのようなネットワーク情報ではなく、接続元ホストのユーザ名という、文字どおりの「誰」である。IDENT
は単独で用いられることは（たぶん）なく、SMTP や FTP などの補助として使われる 。Web の Common Log Format （Apache なんかのアクセスログ形式）で 第2フィールドが " -" 以外になっているログを見たことある人はほとんどいないと思うが、このフィールドは実は
IDENT で得られるユーザ名が納まるべき場所だったりなんかする。
結論からいうと 、IDENT
ルックアップは今や意味がないから止めておこう。IDENT
が動いているホストなんて現在はまず存在していない。仮に動いていて情報を得られたとしても、それは認証やアクセス制御に利用できるような確かなものではなく、あくまで参考にしかならない。むしろ、IDENT
がフィルタされているホストに問い合わせてしまうと、タイムアウトするまで
SMTP セッションが停止してしまって害悪にしかならない。
しかし、こちらからの IDENT 問い合わせをやめても、よそから IDENT が飛んでくることがある。この場合には、フィルタリングする（応答を返さない）のはタイムアウトして以下略なのでよろしくない。113/tcp へのアクセスを拒否する（TCP
RST を返す）ようにするのが正しい対処である。
こちらやこちらも参考のこと。
セカンダリメールサーバ
低位の MX サーバ 。
プライマリ MX にちゃんとアクセスできるのに 、MX の優先度を無視していきなりセカンダリ MX に送信してくる spammer / worm が存在する。手抜き実装なのか意図的なものなのかは不明。#2.13.1
典型的なセカンダリサーバはメールを単純にプライマリにリレーするだけだが、この場合、プライマリ側から見た接続元
IP アドレスはセカンダリのものになってしまうので、プライマリで静的ブラックリストや
DNSBL を使って IP アドレスの制限をしていても、セカンダリからリレーされてきたメールはリストの制限が効かない。
また、プライマリとセカンダリでアカウント情報の同期をするのは場合によってはけっこうな手間になるため、セカンダリは受け取るべきドメインのリストだけ持たせて、ローカルアカウントのリストまでは持たせないことが多い。そうするとセカンダリがリレーしたメールをプライマリが不在アカウントとして受け取り拒否することがあり、それをセカンダリがバウンスしてしまうと backscatter の発生源になってしまう。セカンダリから中継されきた spam は拒否するのではなく、受け取ってから捨てるように設定すべきである。なお、.forward
などによって転送されたメールについても同様の問題があるので、これもやはり可能なかぎり backscatter を生じさせないようにしたほうがよい。
というわけで、セカンダリサーバは本来めったに使われない存在ではあるが、手を抜かずに可能なかぎりプライマリサーバと同じアクセス制限設定をすることが望ましい。
逆にセカンダリ MX を積極的に利用して spam を排除するアイデアもある。プライマリ MX にアクセスできないときはセカンダリ MX を試さなければならないのだが、spamware の中にはこれをせずに送信を諦めてしまうものがあるらしい。つまり、プライマリ
MX として DNS に登録するホストは MTA の動いていないダミーとし、セカンダリ MX の方を本物の MX とすることで、低位 の MX に再試行しないクライアントを蹴ることができるようだ。ただし、これをしない製品も存在するようで、実際の設定は慎重におこなうべきだろう。また、セカンダリ
MX を活用して大量の backscatter を通常のメールと別サーバで処理させる 案( PDF ) もある。
メーリングリス ト
メーリングリストでは、送信者の制限（無制限、登録メンバーのみ、管理者のみ、モデレータのみなど）やチャレンジ & レスポンスによる認証など特有の制限がおこなわれることがある。これは
MTA ではなく 、ML 管理ツールでの対処になるので、詳細についてはそれぞれのドキュメントを参照してほしい。
ML マネージャによっては設定に注意が必要なものがある。たとえば majordomo では、ml@example.com という ML に対して以下のようなエイリアスを設定することになる（抜粋）。
# majordomo の起動コマンド ml : " |/usr/local/majordomo / wrapper resend - l ml - h example.com ml - outgoing " # ML メンバーを記述したファイル ml- outgoing : : include:/usr/local/majordomo/lists/ml
ML は ml@example.com なので、一般のメンバーはこのアドレスに投稿するのだが、それ以外に ml-outgoing というアドレスもエイリアス登録されているのが落し穴だ。このアドレスに送られたメールは :include : によって、ML メンバーのアドレスに展開されるので、仮に ml@example.com
がメンバー以外からの投稿を受け付けないようにしてあったとしても、ml-outgoing@example.com
に直接送られてしまうと、その制限が効かずに誰からでも
ML メンバー全員に配送できしまう。また、ML メンバーリストの取り寄せに制限がされていたとしても、EXPN が有効になっていると 、SMTP トランザクション中 に EXPN ml-outgoing@example.com というコマンドを送ると ml-outgoing の宛先がすべて取得できてしまう。このように、ml-outgoing というエイリアスは spam 送信者やアドレス収集ツールにとっては格好のエサになる。そのため、
外部からの *- outgoing 宛メールは拒否する
EXPN は一切使えないようにす る
ように設定するべきだろう。
ML 管理者ではなく、参加者の立場としては、メーリングリスト経由で届く spam の対処が困りものだろう 。SMTP トランザクション中に得られる情報のほとんどすべてが、発信元 spammer のものではなく ML マネージャに書き換えられてしまっているので、これらの情報をもとに spam かどうか判定する手法はすべて回避されてしまう。判定するとなるとヘッダと本文をもとにした手法になる（これらの情報も一部書き換えられることがある）。
しかし 、ML の場合はむしろ spam チェックが回避されしまった方がいいだろう。配送エラーが何回か連続するとその宛先を自動で退会処理してしまう
ML マネージャも存在するし、そうでなくてもエラー通知が飛んで
ML 管理者の負担になる （ML 管理者へのエラー通知は、spam がウザいんじゃ、という無言の抗議にはならない。ML のポリシーもあるだろうし、エラー通知しなくても ML 本体に流れるメールでウザいのは認識できる）。なので、ML 経由の spam は、SMTP の段階での受信拒否ではなく、いったん受け取った後で黙って捨てるというのがセオリーだ。可能なかぎりホワイトリストに入れておこう。
reputation / accreditation
reputation は評判、accreditation は認定のこと 。IP アドレスや送信者ドメインが 「 信用できるかどうか」という評判、「信用しても大丈夫」という認定を問い合わせることによって spam かどうかを判断するもの。DNSBL や CSV など、セカンドオピニオン（主治医以外の医師の意見を参考にすること）を求める方式の総称といってもいいかもしれない。
accreditation DB で有名なものに Bonded Sender Program ( PDF ) がある。メールを送信する事業者は供託金を払って
Bonded Sender の accreditation DB に載せてもらうことができる。受信側はそれを参照すれば、spam でないと安心して受信することができる。もしこの事業者が spam が送れば、供託金は没収され て DB からも削除される。メールを受ける側は spam でないことを確認できる、事業者は適正であるとしてホワイトリストに載せてもらえる、（運営元の
IronPort は供託金で儲けられる）という 「
みんなハッピー」しくみということになっている。実体はただのホワイトリスト
DNSBL のようである（多くの MTA はホワイトリストの DNSBL に対応していないので特別な対応が必要） 。
ほかに、CLOUDMARK 、TrustedSource などが reputation サービスを開始している 。
なお、reputation / accreditation DB には、届いたメールに含まれる情報の一部をこちらから送信するわけであるが、これは逆に言えば、DB の参照元ホストと、そのホストにどんなメールを送られてきたのかの情報が
DB の運用元で入手できるということである。送信される情報はたいてい極めて限定的なものであるが、それでもそのサイトのユーザがどこのサイトと多くメールのやりとりをしているかという情報ぐらいはわりと簡単に収集できるだろう。ややパラノイア気味になるが、情報漏洩やプライバシーの問題に敏感ならば採用に際して考慮はした方がいいかもしれない。
小額課金方 式
郵便には切手が必要だが、電子メールにはない。そこで、メールでも送信側が「切手」を貼ってコストを負担しよう、というアイデア。micro payment scheme あるいは ePostage と呼ばれる。こ の
「コスト」とは実際の金銭である場合もあるし、仮想的な切手、すなわち計算問題を解くという計算機負荷の場合もある。いずれにしても、コスト負担がネックになって大量のメール送信はできなくなるという理屈。
しかし、リアルマネーの場合はどうやって授受するかという問題があるし、計算機資源を負担させる場合でもマシンパワーで強引に押し切れてしまう。実際、コストをかけてでも携帯電話発 spam を送る業者はいる（コスト以上の利益が出る）し、切手を使う郵便でもダイレクトメールはたくさん届いている現実からして、あまり有効な手法とはいえないだろう。An Overview of E- Postage（英文 PDF ）も参照のこと。
challenge and response
自動確認付きホワイトリスト。自動応答で送信元アドレスに確認メールを送り、その確認メールに返信があったら最初のメールを受け取る。以後ずっと、あるいは期限つきでそのアドレスをホワイトリストに登録して確認なしで受け取るようにする。
送信者が詐称された spam ならば騙られた第三者に確認メールが飛ぶことになるし、自動送信されたメール（通販サイトの受注確認やメルマガその他）に確認メールを送ったところで無視される方があたりまえである。人間が手で送る場合でも、いちいち確認を求められるのは手間以外の何物でもない（筆者ならこんな失礼な確認メールが飛んできたら、たぶんいちいち返信せずにそのまま放置する）。
spammer 側がわざわざこれに対策しなければ、ほぼ完全に spam を排除できるだろうが、spam 以外のメールも大量に失うという非常に大きなリスクを冒す手法である。この文書に挙げた各種手法の中でも最低最悪のものといえるだろう。この方法はメーリングリストのメンバー登録などでは使われることがあるが、そのような限られた特殊な用途以外では使わない方がいいだろう。
と、欠点は多いのだが、SpamHippo、Spam Arrest 、Qurb 、Maummail（日本語 PDF ）と、この手法を採用している製品はなぜかいくつも存在していたりする。やめておきましょう。
俳句
Habeas 社の Sender Warranted Email ( SWE ) 。メールヘッダに英文俳句を挿入し、そのヘッダが含まれているメールであれば受信を許可するというもの。認定サービスの一種、といっていいのかなぁ？
Habeas の
Web サイトからは情報がごっそり消えているので、もうやめちゃったのかも。ヘッダの偽造は簡単で、偽造対策もされていないが、俳句なので不当に悪用したのがバレると著作権侵害(!) で告訴されてしまう。一部の spam 対策ツールではこのヘッダを発見すると馬鹿正直に非 spam 判定するようで、これを逆用して、訴訟のリスクをものともせずにヘッダ偽造して送ってくる spammer がいるようだ 。
やってはいけないアクセス制限
以下のような制限をかけてはならない。他の制限と組み合わせることで有効に使えるものもないではないが、どんなふうに組み合わせればいいのかわからなければやるべきではない。
送信者アドレスがホワイトリストにあれば中継を許可する
送信者アドレスのドメインが自分で管理しているなどの場合は、どの
IP アドレスから送信されたとしてもメールを中継したいと考えるかもしれない。
しかし、送信者アドレスの偽装は簡単である。その送信者アドレスを使って送ってきたのがそのメールアドレスの正当な持ち主とは限らない。そのような設定は不正中継を許可しているのと同じである。SMTP
Auth などを導入して、正規に認証されたユーザからの送信のみに限定しなければならない。MTA に限ったことではないが、容易に詐称されうる情報を根拠にアクセスを許可してはならない（厳しくする分には問題ない）。
逆引きホスト名がホワイトリストにあれば中継を許可する
ホワイトリストにある名前を逆引き( PTR ) に設定してアクセスされたら不正中継の踏台にされてしまう。詐称が容易なのは送信者アドレスだけではない。
接続元ネットワークによるアクセス制限をするときは、逆引きではなく
IP アドレスで制限するか、あるいは単なる逆引きではなく、逆引きをさらに正引きして元の
IP アドレスと一致するかどうかの検査（パラノイドチェック）をするなどの配慮が必要である。実はたいていの
MTA は逆引きホスト名でアクセス制限を設定すると、特に明示しなくても勝手にパラノイドチェックしてくれることが多いのだが、かならずしもすべての
MTA がそうするとはかぎらないので、実際にどう動作するかは確認する必要がある。
妄想
この文書を書いている当人による、こんなのなんてどうかなー、というアイデア。もしかしたら誰かがすでに発案して実施しているかもしれないけれど、見つからなかった。あくまで脳内妄想レベルであり、フィールドテストのようなものは一切おこなっていないし、考慮漏れの問題点もあるかもしれない。
Outbound MX query blocking Outbound Port 25 blocking の代替手法にならないかな 。OP25B では、事情があって ISP のメールサーバを使いたくない人は Submission を使うようにわざわざ MUA の設定を変更しなければならないし、そもそも Submission に対応していなければ一切メールを送れなくなってしまう。 そこで、port 25 の接続は完全に開放することを考える。最近の spam のほとん ど
100 % は ISP のメールサーバを経由せずに、宛先サーバに直接送りつけてくる。そのため、この行為に先立って、必ず
DNS への MX 問い合わせがおこなわれているはずである。そして、ふつうにメールや
Web を使っているだけの一般ユーザ が MX を問い合わせることはまずありえない。そこで、ISP の DNS を介さず、外部 DNS への MX 問い合わせ（あるいは 53 / udp すべて）をブロックしてしまえば、メールを送ろうにも送り先が見つからずに失敗する。MUA
で外部のメールサーバを直接指定するような場合は
MX ではなく A を問い合わせるし、そもそも ISP の DNS を使っていれば一般ユーザにはまったく影響はない。 ただし、これだとたとえばまっとうな自宅サーバが困る。そこで、外部の
DNS に直接問い合わせるのではなく 、ISP の DNS サーバに問い合わせをフォワードするような場合は
MX 問い合わせにも応答する。ただし、単位時間あたりの
MX の問い合わせ回数に上限を設けたり、あるいは、応答の前に10秒程度の遅延を入れたりする。一般ユーザはこれでもまったく困ることはないし、送信するメールの数が少量ならば許容範囲だろう。しかし大量送信する spammer にとっては足枷となる。 要検討 : MX ではなく 、ANY や AXFR はどうするか 。spammer 側でキャッシュ DNS を運用された場合は ？ MX の問い合わせがブロックされたあと 、A レコードのホストにフォールバックされたりしたらどうしよう（RFC 上は NXDOMAIN を返さないかぎりはそのような動作はしないはず）。
Inbound MX query blocking メールを送る前に MX の問い合わせを出すということは、メールが届く前に
MX の問い合わせがやってくるということである。 というわけで、spammer が使っている DNS サーバがわかっているならば、その DNS からの問い合わせを無視してやれば、spam を拒否する以前に 、spammer はこちらのホストを見つけること自体に失敗する。送信者の MX / NS で拒否する方法に似ているが、あれは spammer のドメインが収容されている DNS のコンテンツサーバをブラックリスト登録するのに対し、こちらは spammer が参照しているキャッシュサーバ（リカーシブサーバ）をブラックリストに載せるという点で異なる。 メリット : DNS サーバでの対策なので、その DNS および、そこから権限を委譲されている下位 DNS に登録されているすべて の MX ホストで有効（逆に言えば融通がきかない）。 デメリット : プライマリだけでなく、セカンダリ
DNS にも同じ設定をする必要あり。DNS ってのは spammer もまともなユーザも共用してることが多いので、これを適用できる局面は限られる。また、MX 問い合わせのみ無視するという設定ができる DNS 実装は現状はなさそう（すべての問い合わせを無視することは、たとえば
BIND では blackhole を使えば可能）。つま り 、A や PTR にも応答しなくなるので、たとえば相手側が逆引きによる制限をしていると、こちらからのアクセスも蹴られてしまう。
メールアドレスの収集を回避する
アドレスを知られなければ、デタラメに送るものでなければ spam が送られてくることもない。MTA
自身の応答やバウンスメールの内容
、Web サイトでのメールアドレスの掲載などが元で spammer にアドレスが拾われたりする。また 、NetNews の記事からメールアドレスを収集す る
Swen というワームもあった。必要以上にメールアドレスを露出しないことも、不要なメールを減らす役に立つ。spammer にメールアドレスを収集されないためのアイデアについてはこちらも参照のこと。
MTA 自身での対策は DHA の項目を参照のこと 。
Web にはメールアドレスの収集ロボット（ハーベスタと呼ばれることもある）が闊歩している。Web サイトの方で接続元 IP アドレスのチェックや 、User - Agent による規制、リクエストヘッダの特徴による推測などによりアドレス収集ロボットを出入り禁止にすることで spam を減らせる。ただし、アドレス収集ロボットによる直接アクセスだけでなく、google のキャッシュからアドレスを収集された例を確認しているので必ずしも確実な方法ではない。
アーカイブ が Web 上に公開されるようなメーリングリストに投稿する際は、ML 専用のアドレスを使い、そこに届いたメールは spam としてすべて捨てるなどの対策方法がある（その場合、捨てずに読んでいるアドレスを収集ロボットに見つかりにくい形式で併記しておくこと）
参考リン ク
このメモを書くのにあたり参考にした文書、このメモにはあまり反映されていないけれど大いに参考になる文書など。
やまぐちたかのり < y@maya.st >
View the WHOIS data for allthatscool.com to see the domain ’s public registration information .
Parliamo Scots ?
- Insults
Here are a surprisingly large number of insults about people 's faces !
A face like the back o' a bus .
A face like the back o' the lum ( chimney ) .
A face like a bashed thripny ( an " old " money threepence coin was 12 - sided ) .
A face like a burst settee ( couch ) .
A face like a burst melodeon ( a kind of accordion ) .
A face like a flittin ( a house removal ) .
A face like a bag o' bruised fruit .
A face like a hen layin razors .
A face like a saft tattie ( soft potato ) .
A face like a skittery hippen ( a soiled nappy / diaper ) .
A face like a torn scone .
A face like a wet washing .
A face like a weel - kickit ba ( a well kicked ball ) .
A face like a wet nicht lookin ' for a dry mornin ' .
A face like a skelpit erse ( a smacked bottom ) .
Scottish National Heritage suggested that we should to stop using " bog " in a derogatory sense as in the countryside these wetlands are an important part of the environment .
So here are some alternative , derogatory words ( and avoiding " bog - stalker " ) to describe an idle person !
" Aff pitten " - evasive .
- evasive .
" Clarty " or " dilly - daw " or " draigled " all mean a dirty or untidy person .
" Mrs McClarty " is a slovenly housewife .
or or all mean a dirty or untidy person .
is a slovenly housewife .
" Glaikit " - stupid , silly or thoughtless .
It is thought to derive from an old Scots word " glaiks " which meant tricks or deception .
- stupid , silly or thoughtless .
It is thought to derive from an old Scots word which meant tricks or deception .
" Haiver " or " Haver " - dawdle and potter about .
" Dinna haiver man " is said to someone who is talking rubbish ( in the view of the listener , at least ) .
" Do n't give me your havers " is an alternative way of expressing this .
or - dawdle and potter about .
is said to someone who is talking rubbish ( in the view of the listener , at least ) .
is an alternative way of expressing this .
" Hither and yon " - untidy and careless .
- untidy and careless .
" Horn idle " - nothing to do and completely unemployed .
- nothing to do and completely unemployed .
" Midden " - dirty and slovenly .
The same word is used for the communal refuse storage area , prior to collection ( by the " scaffie " ) .
Some words of aggression
LTSA - Labelled Transition System Analyser
LTSA is a verification tool for concurrent systems .
It mechanically checks that the specification of a concurrent system satisfies the properties required of its behaviour .
In addition , LTSA supports specification animation to facilitate interactive exploration of system behaviour .
A system in LTSA is modelled as a set of interacting finite state machines .
The properties required of the system are also modelled as state machines .
LTSA performs compositional reachability analysis to exhaustively search for violations of the desired properties .
More formally , each component of a specification is described as a Labelled Transition System ( LTS ) , which contains all the states a component may reach and all the transitions it may perform .
However , explicit description of an LTS in terms of its states , set of action labels and transition relation is cumbersome for other than small systems .
Consequently , LTSA supports a process algebra notation ( FSP ) for concise description of component behaviour .
The tool allows the LTS corresponding to a FSP specification to be viewed graphically .
LTSA has an extensible architecture which allows extra features to be added by means of plugins .
Quick Links : [ Downloads | Forum | Examples | Contacts ]
Downloads
Forum
Discuss the LTSA tool and plug-ins at the LTSA Forum .
Examples
An number of examples for LTSA and plug-ins are located here .
More information
LTSA is developed by :
For technical questions about LTSA , you could try the LTSA mailing list .
You can view the list archives and get details of how to subscribe ( only subscribers can post to the list ) here .
void pushBottom ( Data* p ) { int localBot ; localBot = _bottom ; _deq[localBot ] = p ; localBot ++ ; _bottom = localBot ; }
Data* popBottom ( ) {
Age oldAge , newAge ; int localBot ; localBot = _bottom ; if ( localBot == 0 ) return NULL ; localBot --; _bottom = localBot ; // ( 1 ) _bottom を書く p = _deq[ localBot ] ; // ( 2 ) データを読む old Age = _age ; // ( 3 ) _age を読む if ( localBot > oldAge.top ) return p ; _bottom = 0 ; newAge.top = 0 ; newAge.tag = oldAge.tag + 1 ; if ( localBot == oldAge.top ) { Compare - And - Swap ( _age , oldAge , newAge ) ; if ( 書き換え成功 ) return p ; } _age = newAge ; return NULL ; }
Updated Google 's video service appears to be blocking US viewers from seeing an innocuous piece of Iraq footage that Google delivers to internet users in the rest of the world without any problems .
The footage shows US military personnel detonating a roadside bomb in a controlled explosion .
It 's accessible from everywhere except the United States .
But US citizens - who bear the human and financial cost of such improvised weapons - are presented with this message :
[ Click to enlarge ]
Alas it 's not Google that 's doing the censoring - and a big red- faced Oops from The Reg .
Google explained last week that uploaders had made the decision not to make the clip available to US internet users .
One Reg reader described the footage as " very boring " .
We describe some tastier ones here . ®
Register your own .com domain name
for only $ 8.99 at namiac.com
Embedding Jepp
Installing With Tomcat
Using the Console
Features
Project Scope
Embedding Jepp
Running a Python script is straight - forward .
The Java package name is " jep " and there 's just a single class to use .
Here 's how I typically use Jepp within a webapp :
Jep jep = new Jep( false , SCRIPT_PATH , cl ) ;
jep.set ( " query " , query ) ;
jep.runScript( SCRIPT_PATH + file ) ;
ep.close ( ) ;
Of course , this example is missing exception checking for clarity .
Jep jep = new Jep( false , SCRIPT_PATH , cl ) ;
Creates a new Jep instance with interative turned off , the include path set to SCRIPT_PATH , and a classloader cl .
Internally , the libjep .
so library is loaded and a new subinterpreter is created within Python .
jep.set ( " query " , query ) ;
This sets a Java object in the python jep module created at runtime .
As any other Java call , this is done by reference .
If the script alters the query object , the caller 's query will also be changed .
Both the script and the caller refer to the same object instance .
jep.runScript( SCRIPT_PATH + file ) ;
This would simply run the python script specified by the file name as a string .
The file must include the full path and must be readable .
Thread.currentThread().getContextClassLoader ( ) ;
Tomcat uses a custom ClassLoader for each webapp .
In order for Jep to access any of the webapp 's objects , they must share the ClassLoader .
This is the ClassLoader I would use from within Tomcat ( the " cl " object passed to the constructor ) .
There is also a setClassLoader ( ) method .
jep.close ( ) ;
This releases the Python subinterpreter and Python will garbage collect any object created during the script 's execution .
This must be called or you may see large memory usage on a busy server .
Installing With Tomcat
JNI libraries cannot be loaded more than once .
If Jepp is to be used in multiple webapps , this means the jep. jar should be placed in the shared / lib folder .
When running a Python script , the correct ClassLoader must be used ( as well as the " jep.forName " function in the script ) .
Also , because of some ( common ) difficulties with Java and C projects that dlopen libraries , you 'll need to set LD_PRELOAD environment variable .
That 's in addition to setting LD_LIBRARY_PATH .
For example , my development Tomcat startup.sh script starts with this :
#!/bin/sh
# java memory setting
export JAVA_OPTS ='- Xmx64 m '
# force system to load python
export LD_PRELOAD=/usr/lib/libpython2.3.so.1.0
# this is where my libjep .
so is .
export LD_LIBRARY_PATH=/share/jepp/jep/.libs
Adding some heap memory is a good idea , too .
The libpython used here is whatever you 've compiled jep against .
If you do n't know , run this command :
$ ldd .libs/libjep.so.1.0.0
< ... blah ... >
libpython2.3.so.1.0 =>
/usr/lib/libpython2.3.so.1.0 ( 0x40023000 )
That 's the libpython you want to set in LD_PRELOAD .
Unfortunately , this means you 'll have to change the script if you upgrade Python .
If it is the wrong library , you 'll get an UnsatisfiedLinkError exception .
Unset , you 'll get a Java exception similar to : " Python Encountered : exceptions .
ImportError : /usr/lib/ python2.3/lib-dynload/datetime.so : undefined symbol : PyObject_GenericGetAttr " .
You may ignore setting LD_PRELOAD if you do n't intend to use any of Python 's native modules .
Using the Console
Jepp 's console provides an easy way to examine scripts and learn how to use new APIs .
The console .py script included in the distribution is fully readline capable , provided that your platform supports it , and acts similarly to running `python` .
Unfortunately , it currently crashes on most platforms if you use Control - C. There 's a great disagreement among Python , Java and readline as to who gets to process the INT signal , but hopefully I will find a way to make that work in the future .
That 's annoying , but it does n't prevent the console .py script from being useful .
To run a Python script , you can use the Run class provided in the jep. jar file .
You should also export the LD_LIBRARY_PATH and LD_PRELOAD variables like above .
Then , try this :
$ java - classpath jep. jar jep .
Run console.py
Setting up Python interpreter ...
>>>
Of course , that assumes the jep.jar and console .py files are in your current folder .
That 's it !
Features
Jepp should have everything needed to script a Java application .
You may call constructors , types are detected and converted , and exceptions are mapped .
For example :
import jep
import *
java.io import FileInputStream
try :
fin = FileInputStream ( ' adsf ')
except ( jep.FileNotFoundException ) :
print ' Invalid file '
The constructor for FileInputStream declares that FileNotFoundException is thrown .
Jepp resolves this to a Python exception by the same name when the method is called .
To make an Integer object :
from java .io import *
integer = Integer ( 12 ) # instantiate
This is useful for boxing primitives , but -- like in Java itself -- this is a much slower operation than using a primitive .
You may also use primitive arrays from within Python by using the JArray object .
Consider the script :
>>> from jep import *
>>> ar = jarray ( 5 , JINT_ID , 2 )
>>> print a r [ 3 ]
2
This creates a primitive Java array " ar " , length 5 , and initializes it with the int value 2 .
The third parameter to jarray ( ) is optional and is ignored for object arrays .
The resulting Python object can be used much like a PyList :
>>> a r [ 1 ] = - 2
>>> print ar [ 1:3 ] [ 0 ] # slice returns jarray object
-2
>>> for val in ar :
... print val ,
...
2 -2 2 2 2
Project Scope
« Are you a passionate tech user ?
| Main | Head Rush Ajax ships ! »
Code like a girl
Do engineers and programmers care about concepts like beauty and elegance ?
Should they ?
Designers have always known that looks matter -- that the outside ( interface ) matters .
But deep in the heart of those building the inside -- the technology most users never see -- lies the sensibility of an artist .
In a kind of " Design Eye for the Code Guy " way .
While I 'm stereotyping with abandon , I might as well be honest .
I 've been going to tech conferences for the last 15 years , and I swear the ratio of pocket protectors to Urban Outfitter clothes has shifted dramatically .
So maybe it's not accurate to say geeks today are better looking -- but they 're certainly better dressed .
With hipper haircuts .
Does this mean anything ?
Maybe .
What prompted this post -- and it 's whimsical title -- is a post by Jamis Buck titled Beautiful code , test first , which includes the following :
" He was telling me how he feels like he has to sit and tweak his code over and over until it not only acts right , but looks right .
It can not be merely functional , it must be beautiful , as well . "
But the best part was a comment by " Morten " that included the line :
" As for spending too much time on making the code look right down to the last indentation - my code has been called “ girl code ” for the same reason ... "
And there you have it .
I think " girl code " is quite a compliment .
Because caring about things like beauty makes us better programmers and engineers .
We make better things .
Things that are n't just functional , but easy to read , elegantly maintainable , easier -- and more joyful -- to use , and sometimes flat - out sexy .
A passion for aesthetics can mean the difference between code that others enjoy working on vs. code that 's stressful to look at .
And whether we like it or not , most of the world associates an appreciation for beauty more with women than men ( especially geek men ) .
Women may have a genetic advantage here .
From one of my favorite books on aesthetics and technology , David Gelernter 's Machine Beauty :
" This book explains how beauty drives the computer revolution : how lust for beauty and elegance underpinned the most important discoveries in computational history and continues to push research onward today ....
The best computer scientists are , like [ Henri ] Vaillancourt , technologists who crave beauty .
There is the ever - present danger when you discuss beauty in science , mathematics , and technology that readers will assume the word is being used metaphorically ...
And could a mathematical proof , scientific theory , or piece of software be " beautiful " in the real , literal way that a painting or symphony or rose can be beautiful ?
Yes . "
And from the back cover :
" Both hardware and software should afford us the greatest opportunity to achieve deep beauty , the kind of beauty that happens when many types of loveliness reinforce one another , when design expresses an underlying technology , a machine logic ...
These principles , beautiful in themselves , will set the stage for the next technological revolution , in which the pursuit of elegance will lead to extraordinary innovations . "
Yes , calling beautiful code " girl code " is both silly and some might believe sexist .
But that does n't mean there is n't some truth to it .
As a female technologist in a heavily male - skewed industry , do n't compliment my hair , but if you tell me my code is pretty , I might just give you some tips .
And if it makes you feel better , I 'll refer to YOUR gorgeous code as metrosexual .
But we 'll both know the truth .
[ full disclosure : though I 'm 100 % female , I have personally authored some of the worst - looking code in north america . ]
[ UPDATE : someone has Code like a girl shirts on CafePress . ]
Bonus beauty links :
Don Norman 's Emotional Design
Virginia Postrel 's " the substance of style "
CSS Zen Garden : The Beauty in CSS Design
Flickr " Beauty is Simple " group
Posted by Kathy on March 29 , 2006 | Permalink
TrackBack
TrackBack URL for this entry :
https://www.typepad.com/services/trackback/6a00d83451b44369e200d8341e9f7553ef
Listed below are links to weblogs that reference Code like a girl :
» Können Frauen nicht nur besser schreiben , sondern auch besser programmieren ?
from { Bücher , Unterwegs , Rechner - Basteln , Kochen , ...}
Neulich hab ich ja schonmal auf einen Artikel hingewiesen , in dem es darum geht , ob Frauen besser schreiben können als Männer .
Kathy Sierra von Creating Passionate Users schaut sich das Thema in Bezug auf eine ganz bestimmte Art von Schreiben an : Pro ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Mar 30 , 2006 5:14:03 AM
» Coding Like a Girl from HTNet
No , thats not an insult .
What Im actually referring to is this post from Creating Passionate Users .
I think that the captions for the first two pictures was accidentally switched , but dont take my word on it .
Im not the arts ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Mar 31 , 2006 1:02:06 AM
» Metrosexual programming ! from mauriciogonzatto
- Isso mesmo!
Programação metrosexual !-
Não !!
Eu não estou virando viado !
Primeiro uma definição de termos : Metrosexual ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Mar 31 , 2006 12:26:38 PM
» Girly coders from 6th Sense Analytics
If one of your guy friends drop it in to the conversation that you , also bloke , happen to “ drive like a girl ” then you can bet he is n’t complementing you .
He ’s actually being politically incorrect by drawing on a few popular stereotypes about ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Mar 31 , 2006 4:07:37 PM
» Refigerator Code or Girl Code from Developer Testing
It does n't matter if you call it Refigerator Code or Girl Code or Beautiful Code or simply Clean Code , the meme is out there that is is n't enough to say the code works and then leave it at that .
Even ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Apr 1 , 2006 7:56:46 AM
» Code Like a Girl from DRT
[ Read More ]
Tracked on Apr 6 , 2006 1:02:55 AM
» Beautiful Code from Dynamist Blog
Thanks to reader Jon Sweet for sending this link to a post on the Passionate Users blog that defends -- in fact , advocates -- polished , carefully crafted " girl code . "
Writes blogger Kathy Sierra , " A passion for aesthetics can mean the difference between co ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Apr 6 , 2006 10:23:09 PM
» Ruby , Rails , and the mainstream from Journal
It seems I have stirred quite a pot around the office with my recent ravings about Rails .
Today the tech - head on the board sent me this article about why Rails wont make it into the mainstream and asked for my ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Apr 7 , 2006 6:35:17 AM
» You Code Like a Girl ! from The Coding Monkey
Thanks to Virginia Postrel for pointing out this rather interesting post about the aesthetics of code .
[ Read More ]
Tracked on Apr 7 , 2006 8:16:36 AM
» Code like a girl ... can from thirk
Code like a girl ... can everything be described as " beautiful " ?
[ Read More ]
Tracked on Apr 10 , 2006 8:04:13 AM
» Notes on asthetic the beauty of code from Eddie Bell - Proof Of Concept
I wrote a piece a few days ago about programming as an art form .
I found a couple of good articles from here and here talking about similar concepts .
They are more specifically about the aesthetic qualities of code , which is something I strongly believ ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Jul 22 , 2006 4:13:10 AM
» assorted sweets from angiemckaig.com
Most businesses self destruct " Yes , you have to pay attention to what 's going on out there , but I 'd argue you need to pay more attention to what 's going on in here .
In your own company .
In your own products .
In yourself and your own vision . "
A - men. Cre ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Jul 29 , 2006 7:13:33 AM
» Code Like a Girl from BeautyDialogues
I was checking my delicious del.icio.us tags yesterday and came across a post ( saved for me by the eagle - eyed Beth Kantor ) that spoke directly to my heart ... Code Like a Girl .
Reading this post about the joy of writing [ Read More ]
Tracked on Dec 19 , 2006 12:43:28 PM
» Saturday night ramen , and some great blogosphere gems from Betsy Aoki's WebLog
Early on when I started blogging , I used to do this ...
You know , just wander around blogs I liked .
Maybe [ Read More ]
Tracked on Mar 4 , 2007 12:40:19 AM
» Code like a girl from Tom's Blog
I found this interesting article about code beauty and the beauty of technology .
It has useful links to follow up on code beauty and its origins .
Also , it links you to a cool programmer and blogger community .
The best ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Mar 11 , 2007 3:30:04 PM
» Code Like a Girl from Boldly Going
This is both an interesting read , as well as a light - hearted jab upon my business partner , with his pristine code , strives for proper Web page validation , and his critiques on my Web development process :
Code like a girl .
I code like a man .
... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Mar 17 , 2007 12:52:25 AM
» old links roundup from metamanda >> weblog
All stuff that 's been piling up for a while , and I want to keep track of these things .
A lot of this is stuff that I might have run across this past spring when I was in the throws of theses and advancements and moving and all kinds of less - than - fun ri ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Sep 7 , 2007 8:42:52 AM
Comments
Thanks for this post .
There are lots of us men who think this way !
We just keep our heads down .
I am also a musician and I use to make furniture for a living .
I bring all that with me when I code and teach .
I require that my students have good looking code as I believe that code is a form of literature that helps us communicate with each other .
Posted by : Eric Knapp | Mar 29 , 2006 5:41:24 PM
I 've always been a proponent of the programmer as artist .
Here 's an interesting post by apotheon on code elegance : http://techrepublic.com.com/5254-6257-0.html?forumID=99&threadID=173898&messageID=1915531&id=3923716
and my response :
http://www.chipstips.com/microblog/index.php/post/61/
Posted by : Sterling Camden | Mar 29 , 2006 5:48:22 PM
Kathy ,
if there 's any truth to the numerous psych studies that have been conducted demonstrating that beautiful infants get picked up and played with more ( and consequently stimulated more and learn faster ) then your observation about pretty code has even more weight than you think .
Consider if the same principle discovered in the infant studies applies across the technological barrier to inanimate code samples ... which type of " baby " would you rather have ?
of course you could always just hit the " apply source formating " feature if you use DW but I agree with you that being anal about how your code looks and grooming it by hand is like someone that waxes their car in their driveway on a saturday - pride in ownership plus it is also observed by others and contributes to the perceptions that they form about you and your work .
sean
Posted by : Sean Tierney | Mar 29 , 2006 6:05:26 PM
It goes WAY beyond code formatting .
Posted by : Sterling Camden | Mar 29 , 2006 6:12:38 PM
One of the best complements another engineer ever gave me was , “ I like working on your code .
It ’s easy to read and understand . ”
Yea , Baby !
I am another female engineer lost in a sea of men and having someone appreciate the beauty was something that has stayed with me .
I believe that well structured , clean code is easier to maintain for the simple reason that it ’s so readable .
Generally the person who first wrote the code is n’t the one who is going to maintain it and even if it is the same person , few people remember a specific function months after it was written .
Kim
Posted by : Kim Greenlee | Mar 29 , 2006 6:23:25 PM
Thanks for the pointer to Machine Beauty .
Ca n't my clients just pay me to go through their sites and make their source pretty ?
I 'll start by sending them this URL .
Posted by : Drew Bell | Mar 29 , 2006 9:34:25 PM
I agree that code is meant for human consumption , and thus should be beautiful .
But I was surprised that some of the most beautiful designs I 've produced ( in my opinion ) actually derived from making the code testable .
In addition , I really believe that code unittesting especially contributes to writing beautyful code , not only because it constraints you to a cleaner and modular design , but also because it makes re-factoring infinitely easier .
The beauty in code I believe derives as much from these engineering constraints and principles as it does from the programmer 's mind .
Posted by : Julien Couvreur | Mar 29 , 2006 9:48:38 PM
I love beautiful code !
And a beautiful layout , while necessary , is hardly sufficient .
It 's the conceptual beauty that strikes me : the elegant algorithm that lays bare the essence of a computation like a master sumi-e ink painting can capture a stand of bamboo with amazing economy of brush and ink .
( I am more skilled at appreciating this beauty than producing it in either code or ink , but I keep practicing both * arts * ) .
Posted by : andrew | Mar 29 , 2006 10:24:54 PM
I 've been telling people for * years * that software engineering is an art as well as a science .
The trouble is , a lot of software developers are so sucked into the science that the art never gets a look in , and that concentration of attention affects the quality of work produced .
You should be able to ' take time out ' to spend time making things look good , refactor , refine etc. because this helps in the long term .
Posted by : Chris Aves | Mar 30 , 2006 1:01:17 AM
Code should always be polished and shine like a jewel .
* Always * go the extra mile , remember code usually needs maintenance .
When someone needs to amend your code they will thank you for it and when you need to amend their code you will thank them for it .
Posted by : anteallach | Mar 30 , 2006 1:27:06 AM
This is why I tend to shy away from perl - although you can make perl wonderfully clear , it 's also possible to write the same thing so it looks like a right mess .
I get too tempted to re-factor to stylistic standards , so could end up wasting days unpicking other people 's messy , un-commented code .
Posted by : Matt Moran | Mar 30 , 2006 2:37:08 AM
Absolutely true !
I 've blogged about the same subject a few weeks ago at http://www.hansei-kaizen.be/article/124/clean-up-your-code
Posted by : Nico Mommaerts | Mar 30 , 2006 3:13:25 AM
I 'm a guy and I 'm very much into making my code " beautiful . "
Yes , well formatted , commented , readable code is important , but for me the real beauty lies in the structure and is more abstract .
I spend a fair amount of time tweaking and reorganizing my code so that the structural beauty increases .
Your reference to this as " girl code " is really funny to me considering my situation .
I work in a department of 6 men and 1 woman .
Hands down I would say that the code written by the 1 girl in this department is the most ugly spaghetti I have ever seen .
Posted by : Brian Glass | Mar 30 , 2006 6:20:22 AM
It 's a bit like maths .
I have a few mathematician friends and they all agree that there has to be beauty in an equation for it to work .
No wonder most ( if not all ) mathematicians ( and many programmers , like Eric ) are musicians .
Then again , the readability of a code depends on what the programmer finds beautiful .
I like to streamline ; for me , a beautiful code should n't be full of redondancies .
But sometimes the more you streamline , the harder it becomes to understand .
Posted by : Marc André | Mar 30 , 2006 6:59:29 AM
That 's a funny phrase I 've never heard .
But I definitely write " girl code " .
Funny thing is I have yet to see any girl write girl code ; usually their code is horrendous ( just like most guys ' code ) .
Maybe I have n't seen enough code written by girls .
Admittedly I need to read more code , period .
Posted by : Hans | Mar 30 , 2006 7:05:14 AM
Wow .
Untill I read your article I knever thought about the way I code my HTML .
But I realise that I like goodlooking HTML , and that I 'll tweak until I 'm satisfied ..
Thanks ! :-)
Posted by : Wout | Mar 30 , 2006 7:12:47 AM
Creativity is a necessary but not sufficient condition for nearly every profession .
Creativity is one of things that makes human beings human .
You can take any statement that the " programming is art crowd " makes and apply it to nearly any profession .
These people should go away and teach philosophy instead of writing code .
Posted by : Embarassed programmer | Mar 30 , 2006 7:26:18 AM
A large part of my day job involves producing technical engineering drawings using AutoCAD .
Whilst a process far removed from programming , I can absolutely identify with this process .
The majority of engineers , and worse , the majority of CAD technicians , will neglect a drawing 's aesthetics whilst producing a technically correct drawing .
I obsessively take extra time in a variety of utterly mundane ways to make sure that the technical information portrayed in the drawing looks right and looks good ( damnet ) .
It may be true that in any specific instance such changes might be unnoticeable , but when over - viewing the whole drawing I am convinced the difference more than justifies the extra time : a design that is pleasing in the way a detailed OS map , weather chart , or detailed schematic can be .
Posted by : James | Mar 30 , 2006 7:34:59 AM
some time ago , I 've read someplace that the human mind interpreted " beautifull " as something well adjusted to it 's environment .
For a simplistic example ( just to ilustrate my point ) , fear aside , most people think the shark to be a beautifull animal and , it 's true that he is very well adapted to it 's environment .
Appliing the same principles to code , of course that the purpose is n't to look from far to a piece of paper with printed code and see a Picasso , it 's to make clear and readable code .
that is why some people are already talking about " pretty as a design feature / constrain " .
A Beautifull Mathematical formula , for example , is n't one where the " 3 " are very round , it 's a simple , elegant and simplified to it 's maximum formula .
For example , Einstein 's formula E=MC2 is quite beautifull by any mathmatician 's standards .
All those principles can and should be applied to code .
Posted by : Jaime Cardoso | Mar 30 , 2006 7:47:20 AM
It would n't be called girl code if you were doing it in python .
It 'd be called normal .
That 's why I use python .
Posted by : Karl G | Mar 30 , 2006 8:20:37 AM
hmmm .
Code like a girl ?
I 'm not sure if I should be slightly offended or not .
I 'm meticulous in my coding style mainly for the reason that it is easier for me to go back and read and understand 6 months later ( really only 20 minutes later because I 'm so forgetful ) .
What does good looking code have to do with coding like a girl ?
Until your post , I 've always felt that my style was driven by testoterone .
Talk about damaged ego ....
Posted by : Jon Price | Mar 30 , 2006 8:38:18 AM
Another female programmer here .
I just wanted to add that in my universe of programmers we talk about if the code is ' elegant ' .
Often the question arises if we have time to do it the elegant way ( aka , the ' right ' way ) or ' must ' do it a more ' ugly ' way due to time constraints .
I am always on the side that the elegant way will pay off later - but I do n't always win !
Posted by : Jeanne | Mar 30 , 2006 8:51:36 AM
I do n't know about " pretty " code , but I try to make my code handsome , easygoing and fun .
Add " spontaneous " and you 'll get my personal ad . :-)
Good article .
Posted by : ppk | Mar 30 , 2006 9:23:56 AM
I 've seen a lot more " unaesthetic " code lately ( well , over the last ten years ) , and I wonder if it is n't due to the fact that hardly anybody reads anybody else 's code anymore .
I learned a lot by perusing the 4.2BSD kernel sources , and a lot of the code posted on the old comp.unix - wizards newgroup was quite elegant too .
Nowadays it seem like people just post little snippets of code , often not even a complete ( working ) example .
Contrast that to the code examples of ( say ) Kernighan and Pike 's _Elements of Programming Style_ .
There 's a world of difference .
Posted by : Tracy Nelson | Mar 30 , 2006 9:37:36 AM
Back in the 80's ( yes , I am older than dirt ) , I read a brief paper in one of the comp-sci journals .
A researcher in Europe had gone to various tech conferences and talked with experienced ( " good " ) programmers .
He asked them how they knew that a program was " good " .
The main answer : beauty ; if the code looked good , then it usually was good .
This was an empirical study , no actual research , so the question of why " beauty = good " did n't get addressed .
My experience has been that programmers who took the time to make the code " pretty " usually took the time to make it " good " .
And there 's always the " broken windows " theory : if the neighborhood ( program ) is crappy then people will not take much care in their own dealings with it .
If a program looks " ugly " then perhaps previous programmers did n't take the time to fix everything .
Bad neighborhood = get in , get out , before something goes wrong .
Posted by : hobbitt | Mar 30 , 2006 9:59:11 AM
The comments to this entry are closed .
Windows XPの圧縮フォルダというほとんどの人が使っていないと思われる機能（私見）を解除したら、エクスプローラがキビキビ動くようになった気がする。というようなことを某所で言ったら、試した人が「すげぇかるくなった kyo++」とかインクリメントしてくれたので、エントリにしておこうとか。
圧縮フォルダ機能の解除の方法は、コマンド プロンプトで、
regsvr32 /u zipfldr.dll regsvr32 /u cabview.dll
と、入力してやるだけ。多分再起動は必要ない。
これにより特にエクスプローラのツリー表示なんかが高速化する気がする。エクスプローラ以外ではファイラーっぽいので特に高速化する感じで、僕の環境ではACDSeeのツリー表示がとんでもなく高速化した。
また、デフォルトの検索機能が圧縮フォルダ内を探さなくなるため高速化し、いつまでたっても終わらないということは少なくなるという効果もある。インデックス
サービスと併用するとデフォルトの検索機能が結構速くなる。いや、マジで。とか言うとウソ臭い。
元に戻したくなったら、
regsvr32 zipfldr.dll regsvr32 cabview.dll
と登録しなおしてやるだけ。
なお上記操作によりあなたのPCに不具合が起きたとしても僕の知ったことではないので、よく考えた上で実行しましょう。予防線。
One site has gone completely down .
It currently routes to a " Suspended " page .
This site has remained down because the webmaster has n't responded to the complaint .
I can't be responsible for that .
is representing 10 Zen Monkeys in a civil lawsuit against griefer Michael Crook for abusing the DMCA and violating our free speech rights .
In September , we published an article about Crook when he mimicked Jason Fortuny by trolling CraigsList and sex - baiting guys into giving him private information which he then revealed on his site ( now offline ) , craigslist - perverts.org .
He apparently did not like what we had to say .
In a brash and hypocritical ( though not at all surprising ) move , Crook filed a fraudulent DMCA take - down notice with our then - ISP , knowing that the " safe harbor " provision would compel the ISP to take immediate action , even before proof of copyright ownership was examined .
I was personally given an ultimatum to remove the material cited in the notice ( a TV screen capture of Crook 's appearance on Fox News Channel ) , or have my account canceled .
Needless to say , Crook did not own the rights to the image , and even if he did , there 's a little thing called " fair use " in the context of critical commentary .
Appalled that he was able to so easily , and without any onus of proof , jeopardize my standing with my ISP , I immediately set about moving the site to local San Francisco ISP Laughing Squid , owned by my old pal , Scott Beale — his services are more expensive , but I knew Scott would understand and respect free speech at least to the point of asking me for details before threatening to pull the plug on my site .
The first thing I did after migrating 10 Zen Monkeys was re-insert the image of Crook into the offending article and , sure enough , within 24 hours he had sent another DMCA take - down notice to Laughing Squid 's upstream provider .
I 'm sure he was emboldened by his success at forcing me to relocate my website once , and was trying for a repeat .
But this time , Scott indeed called me to get the story .
He was as angry as I was , and said I should contact the Electronic Frontier Foundation .
( As an ISP , Scott had n't seen this particular abuse before , and was concerned — it showed just how easy it is under the current DMCA provisions to intimidate a website , for any reason whatsoever . )
" This is yet another case of someone intentionally misusing copyright law to try to shut down legitimate debate on an issue of public interest , " said EFF Staff Attorney Jason Schultz .
" Crook certainly does n't own the copyright to the news footage — Fox News does .
" The " safe harbor " provision of the law is meant to shield service providers from liability for any copyright violations that might be committed on their clients ' websites .
It basically states that , upon being notified by letter or email that there is content in violation of copyright , they can avoid any legal consequences by immediately removing it .
( The reason the " safe harbor " is even necessary is because of the draconian copyright " protections " built into the DMCA — ones which sacrifice fair use among other things . )
But since the take - down notice does n't require a court order , or any type of judicial scrutiny , it means that shady individuals or organizations can easily use the law to stifle free speech .
" Crook has used a bogus copyright claim as a pretext to squelch free speech , " said EFF Staff Attorney Corynne McSherry .
" Unfortunately , it is easy to abuse DMCA takedown provisions and most internet speakers do n't have the ability to fight back .
" I removed the original image in the Crook article and instead linked to a similar image residing on someone else 's server ( Crook is widely reviled on the internet , so it 's not difficult to find materials criticizing him on Google ) .
Surprise !
Crook did n't like that either , and on October 24th , he filed yet again , this time thinking that the DMCA could be used to intimidate an ISP for a site that links to content that does n't reside on their servers !
Crook seems to have a particularly malicious interpretation of the DMCA .
He has declared on his blog his own campaign to serve take - down notices on sites he does n't like , regardless of whether he owns the copyright on the material in question .
From his blog : None of this is surprising from someone who has devoted so much time and energy finding others in a compromised state — whether it 's horny men online , or wounded soldiers — and then systematically hurting them further , for nothing more than a fleeting , self - defeating publicity .
Until now , the instances of social griefing made famous by Jason Fortuny and aped by Michael Crook have brought up mostly privacy issues .
In the case of Crook 's abuse of DMCA , we see the same childish , ill - intentioned publicity - seeking , but that 's not to say there 's no difference between Fortuny and Crook .
Fortuny has never tried to stop anyone from saying anything about him — in fact , he seems to enjoy the direct negative criticisms he 's received .
Crook , on the other hand , is clearly operating on a level of complexity that is far beyond his capacities — he wants to be notorious , but then uses unrelated , legalistic ( though illegal ! ) manipulations to silence those who speak out against him .
Despite his comical claim to the title of copyright defender , he is creating a real chilling effect on free speech .
Some of the targets of Crook 's DMCA exploits have self - censored , in part because to give him attention is a reward he does n't deserve , but also because they do n't understand their rights and cannot afford to fight .
The takedown provision of this law is bad for publishers and anyone who cares about free speech , and Crook has clearly demonstrated a reason why .
He has also stupidly underestimated the resolve of this publication ; we hope to set an example of what can be done when First Amendment rights are fully understood , nurtured , and worn into battle .
Crook serves DMCA takedown notice to BoingBoing .
( BB gets permission from Fox News to post image . )
“ By the age of 5 we are all musical experts , so this stuff is clearly wired really deeply into us , ” said Dr. Levitin , an eerily youthful - looking 49 , surrounded by the pianos , guitars and enormous 16 - track mixers that make his lab look more like a recording studio .
This summer he published “ This Is Your Brain on Music ” ( Dutton ) , a layperson ’s guide to the emerging neuroscience of music .
Dr. Levitin is an unusually deft interpreter , full of striking scientific trivia .
For example we learn that babies begin life with synesthesia , the trippy confusion that makes people experience sounds as smells or tastes as colors .
Or that the cerebellum , a part of the brain that helps govern movement , is also wired to the ears and produces some of our emotional responses to music .
His experiments have even suggested that watching a musician perform affects brain chemistry differently from listening to a recording .
Dr. Levitin is singular among music scientists for actually having come out of the music industry .
Before getting his Ph.D. he spent 15 years as a record producer , working with artists ranging from the Blue Öyster Cult to Chris Isaak .
While still in graduate school he helped Stevie Wonder assemble a best - of collection ; in 1992 Dr. Levitin ’s sensitive ears detected that MCA Records had accidentally used third - generation backup tapes to produce seven Steely Dan CDs , and he embarrassed the label by disclosing it in Billboard magazine .
He has earned nine gold and platinum albums , which he tucks in corners of his lab , office and basement at home .
“ They look a little scary when you put them all in one place , so I spread them around , ” he said .
Martin Grant , the dean of science at McGill , compares Dr. Levitin ’s split professional personality to that of Brian Greene , the pioneering string - theory scientist who also writes mass - market books .
“ Some people are good popularizers , and some are good scientists , but not usually both at once , ” Dr. Grant said .
“ Dan ’s actually cutting edge in his field . ”
Scientifically , Dr. Levitin ’s colleagues credit him for focusing attention on how music affects our emotions , turf that was n’t often covered by previous generations of psychoacousticians , who studied narrower questions about how the brain perceives musical sounds .
“ The questions he asks are very very musical , very concerned with the fact that music is an art that we interact with , not just a bunch of noises , ” said Rita Aiello , an adjunct professor in the department of psychology at New York University .
Ruby on Railsの特徴の一つとして、データベースのテーブルと、WEB アプリケーションのクラス構造が、自動的にマッピングされます。そのおかけで、アプリケーションを開発する際に、DBアクセスのためのModelメソッドをほとんど記述する必要がありません。
MVCフレームワーク内で 、ORM （
Object / Relational Mapping ）を実現しているのですが、その恩恵を受けるためには、Railsの作法に則ったDBの使い方をすることがコツのようです。その辺りを、Rails 解説書をもとにメモ。
Railsでの、基本的なMySQLの設定と、Railsプロジェクトの作成は以下の記事を参照。
Ruby on Rails の MySQL設定 Mac OSX
データベースの作 成
まずは、データベース のTable作成から。ホーム以下に、Railsというディレクトリを作成しているので以下の場所（tagsはRailsのプロジェクト名）。DBのテーブルを作成するSQL文は、こちらに置いておきます。
Rails / tags/db/create.sql
create.sqlの中身は、こんな感じのSQL文がテーブルの数だけあります。ここでのポイントは、二つあります。
最初は、テーブルの名前のつけかた。アプリケーション内で利用したいクラス・オブジェクト名の複数形をテーブルの名前にします。例えば、WEBアプリケーションで「tag」というクラス・オブジェクトを使いたい場合は、DBのテーブル名を「tags」にしておきます。英語ネイティブの人には直感的なのでしょうが、我々日本人はよく複数形を忘れるので（w。
二つ目は 、PRIMARY KEY になるカラムを「id」という名前で作成しておくこと。「tag_id」とかにしてしまうと、Railsアプリケーションで、このテーブルをうまく扱うことができなくなります。とりあえず、アプリケーションから検索したいテーブルのPRIMARY KEYになるカラムは、「id」にしておくのが無難。
Drop table if exists tags ; CREATE TABLE tags ( id MEDIUMINT unsigned NOT NULL AUTO_INCREMENT , name varchar ( 100 ) NOT NULL , PRIMARY KEY ( id ) , UNIQUE ( name ) , ) ;
$ mysql tags_development < db/create.sql
テーブルを作成するには、ファイルからSQLを実行
テスト（tags_test）や、本番用（tags_production）のデータベースも忘れずにcreateしておきます。
«
»
I was benchmarking egeoip today , which is my from - scratch Erlang geolocation library .
It uses the MaxMind GeoLite City database , which has implementations in a bunch of other languages so it 's great to compare with .
The results were rather surprising to me , because I had n't previously done any benchmarking of Erlang performance .
The test environment is a MacBook Pro 2ghz , Mac OS X 10.4.7 , Erlang R11B - 1 w/ HiPE enabled , Python 2.4.3 ( using their GeoIP Python API , which is written in C ) .
I do have other processes running ( namely iTunes ) , but the benchmark is fair because the background load is consistent throughout the tests .
Erlang , BEAM : ~13 k geolocations / sec Python/C : ~18 k geolocations / sec Erlang , HiPE : ~ 44 k geolocations /sec
As you can see , Erlang holds it own against Python w/ C extensions , and it can mop the floor with it when using the HiPE compiler .
Erlang clearly kicks some serious ass at working with binaries , both in syntax and performance .
The only work I had to do to make it faster was c( egeoip , [ native ] ) .
Note that I 've only been using Erlang for a few weeks and have not done any profiling or performance tuning at all beyond what I assumed would be the fastest way given the documentation I had read .
プライベートなメール のGmail移行はほぼ完了。おかげで職場からはプライベートメールを読めなくなったけど、これはこれで集中できるようになったからいい面も。もちろんGoogleを全面的に信頼はしてないから、こういうことを避けるためにちゃんとバックアップルートは残してあるが。
もっとも、送信メールをバックアップしようと思ったら、Bccに( Gmail以外の)メールアドレスを指定しなくてはいけないんだが、これが自動でできないのが困るところ。Greasemonkeyを使う方法は見つけたんだが、おれはSleipnirの人だしなぁ。
あと、おれの環境では(おそらくタスクバーが画面上部にあるせいで)
Gmail Notifierのポップアップが延々と出たり消えたりするというバグがいつまでたっても直らないので、見捨ててGdowを使ってみることにした。英語版とフランス語版しかないけど、フォントを日本語対応に設定すれば問題なく使える。
それはそうと、GTDを実践しようという気はないんだけど、とりあえず「INBOXはいつも空っぽ」にしておこうと思い、帰宅後のメールチェックはこんな感じに:
INBOXのSubjectをざっと眺めながら、spamと思しきメールにチェック([x ] キー ) をつけ、まとめて「 迷惑メール」送り 「 すべて」を選択し、[y ]
キーで残った未読メールを一気にアーカイブへ [ g ] [ a ]キーでアーカイブに移って、一番古い未読メールを開く([j ] でマークを移動して[o ] でオープン ) あとは [ k ]を押せば次々に新しいメールに移れる。アクションが必要なメールは、 すぐに返信できるものはその場で返信([r ] キー )
あとで返信するものはスターをつける([s ] キー) 未読がなくなったら、スターを開いて ( [ g ] [s ] キー ) 、ざっと眺めて終わり
これでいちおう、一度もマウスに触れずに操作できている。おれ的に「効率的」の最低条件。あ、いや、「すべて」を選択するときに一度だけ使ってるか。くそー。
He recovers and bends his gangly body with a laugh , looking for all the world like a teenager making a home video with friends .
Another young man follows him , walking stiffly .
Someone in a thin grey suit kisses both men on both cheeks and strolls off - camera .
Dozens of people are milling about .
A crowd can be seen held back by barriers , but even the guards look relaxed , standing well back from the two with their hands bound .
Two rusty cranes on flatbed trucks are parked on the grass , the ropes hanging from each are rough , tangled with knots and the noose at the end looks amateurish - like a random piece of rope washed up on a beach .
Almost casually someone puts the rope round the awkward youth 's neck first , then the second , steps back and the cranes pull up the ropes .
The second man 's body is still , and the camera stays on the taller one until he stops moving , about six minutes .
The film shows the public hanging of Alireza Gorji , 23 , and his friend Hossein Makesh , 22 , in July in Broudjerd , Iran .
According to official versions of the charges , they were put to death because they had behaved ' immorally ' .
The truth , according to anti-government campaigners , is that the two men were among increasing numbers of political activists being executed by Iran on trumped - up charges .
' Both these men had been involved in anti-government protests in their home town and everyone who watch the hanging knew this , ' said a human rights observer in Tehran .
On Tuesday the UN General Assembly condemned Iran for human rights abuses and the video - filmed by a Revolutionary Guard , smuggled out by opposition activists and seen by The Observer - is rare evidence of Iran 's efforts to quell dissent .
Amnesty International last year documented at least 94 public executions although many more are suspected to take place in secret - in September the authorities told a lawyer for Valliollah Feyz - Mahdavi , 28 , that he had died after a suicide attempt in prison .
Feyz - Mahdavi had been arrested for membership of Iran 's main opposition - the People 's Mojahedin Organistation of Iran .
Tehran has now been condemned on more than 50 occasions by the UN for severe human rights violations .
The Broudjerd video has been obtained by an exiled opposition group - the National Council of Resistance of Iran .
At the House of Commons on Tuesday , it will be shown to cross-party MPs to encourage the British government to reconsider what the National Council regards as a policy of appeasing the Iranian regime .
The group will unveil documents on the execution of more than 20,000 political victims , including evidence for the involvement of President Mohammad Ahmadinejad .
According to Parkinson 's Law , " work expands so as to fill the time available for its completion " - ie if you give me a maximum of seven days to tidy the house , even though it should only take two hours , I 'll stretch those two hours across the week , tidying in slow motion and taking plenty of coffee breaks , because hey , that 's human nature .
This is what happens if you work from home : you get trapped within a fuzzy prison of your own construction .
" Sorry , ca n't come out tonight .
I 'm supposed to be finishing this thing , " you say , but then you stay in all evening , pottering about , channel surfing , standing in a corner repeatedly rubbing your head up and down the wall like a depressed polar bear ; doing anything apart from " finishing this thing " .
And this cycle repeats for days on end , until finally the deadline lurches up , grabs you by the scruff of the neck , and forces you to knuckle down and complete it .
Like I say - human nature .
Computers , of course , are far more efficient than humans .
Nowhere is this more apparent than the field of time - wasting .
You might blow a whole hour sitting on the loo reading a month - old Sunday supplement till your legs go numb , but that 's nothing next to the swathes of your time your computer can piss down the drain .
I 'm not talking about crashes , freezes , or hangs - but rather the endless stream of finickity little tasks a computer will set you without warning .
The tiny hoops you have to jump through before it gives you what you want .
Install this driver .
Now update it .
Now update it again .
Register to login to our website .
Then validate your membership .
Forgot your password ?
Click here .
Now there .
Fill out this form .
And this one .
And this one .
Please wait while TimeJettison Pro examines your system .
Download latest patch file .
Please wait while patch file examines own navel .
Remove cable .
Insert cable .
Gently tease USB port with cable .
Yeah , that 's it baby .
That 's the way .
Now show us your bum or I 'm deleting your inbox .
Maybe it 's all deliberate .
Maybe the computers are simply preparing us for the sort of life we can expect when they finally rise up and enslave us .
They wo n't make us work in salt mines or use us as human batteries , no : they 'll have us endlessly downloading and installing drivers for their own sick amusement .
My pet timewastin ' hate is when two or more programs start fighting for your attention : when a bit of multimedia software repeatedly asks you if you want to make it the default player for all mp3 files or whatever , and you say " no " , but nonetheless each time you start it , it asks you again and again , like a toddler in a supermarket pestering mum for chocolate , until eventually you give in and click " yes " - at which point another program sits up and says , " Hey !
I thought I was your default player ? " in a slightly wounded tone of voice , and embarks on a similar campaign of harassment , until you come to dread clicking on an mp3 file at all , or even going near your computer for that matter , for fear of being sucked back into the argument .
In any sane world , the people who wrote that software would be beheaded on live TV .
In ours , they 're trillionaires .
I 've said it before and I 'll say it again : our world is bollocks .
RE : Pass Immediate Legislation to Stop a $ 125 Million Courthouse Boondoggle at Guantanamo -- That Could Be Awarded to Halliburton
Dear Senator :
The American Civil Liberties Union strongly urges you to pass immediate legislation to block the federal government from awarding a contract worth up to $ 125 million for the construction of a new courthouse at Guantanamo Bay .
The Defense Department is claiming that it has special emergency powers to bypass Congress in building the new courthouse .
Congress never authorized or appropriated funds for this project .
Immediate action is needed because the December 20 is the due date for all bids , with an “ assumed contract award date of 8 January 2007 . ”
A Halliburton subsidiary had the most attendees at a pre-proposal conference held this afternoon .
Particularly when federal courts are already hearing challenges to the constitutionality and legality of the Military Commissions
Act procedures affecting detainees , Congress -- and not the Defense Department on its own -- should make decisions on whether , when , and how to build a new courthouse .
There already is a courtroom at Guantanamo Bay , as well as literally hundreds of federal courtrooms across the United States .
In a “ pre-solicitation notice ” posted on November 20 , 2006 , the Naval Facilities Engineering Command announced that contractors had thirty days to submit bids for the construction of a “ Legal Compound , ” with “ the estimated cost range between $ 75,000,000 and $ 125,000,000 . ”
The construction would include two new courtrooms , a dining facility for 800 people , and a “ transportation facility ” for up to 100 government vehicles to drive on the small island base .
The notice is available at : https://www.esol.navfac.navy.mil/eSolPub/AdvertisedSolicitations.cfm?Sort=SOL_NUM
.
It states that all proposals are due by December 20 , 2006 , and that “ the Government may award the contract without conducting discussions , ” and that “ the work must be completed by July 2007 . ”
The Miami Herald reported yesterday that Deputy Defense Secretary Gordon England wrote to several members of Congress to state that the Defense Department authorized the fast - track construction of the proposed new courthouse without any act of Congress .
Defense Department spokesman Bryan Whitman told the Miami Herald that the government would fund the $ 125 million project by “ offsets [ that ] have been identified . ”
However , in his letter to Congress , England states that the government will later return to Congress to seek funds to pay for the programs that the Department will cut in order to pay for the unauthorized construction .
A Halliburton Co. subsidiary , KBR Inc. , is the contractor that most recently constructed a facility at Guantanamo Bay .
A June 18 , 2005 Houston Chronicle article reported that the Naval Facilities Engineering Command -- the same agency that will award the contract for the construction of the new courthouse -- awarded a $ 30 million contract to build a facility to house 220 detainees .
This same Halliburton subsidiary agreed last week to pay $ 8 million to the government to settle an overcharging claim by the Army for an unrelated construction project .
In a pre-proposal conference for contractors held by the Defense Department this afternoon , only eight contractors attended , with Halliburton subsidiary KBR having the most representatives in the room -- four Halliburton personnel were in the conference .
There is no need for an elaborate , permanent courthouse complex at Guantanamo Bay ( there already is a working courtroom at Guantanamo Bay ) .
Even President Bush has expressed his interest in substantially reducing the number of detainees at Guantanamo Bay and eventually closing it .
In fact , Defense Department officials concede that no more than a few dozen detainees will be charged and tried there .
Moreover , the Military Commissions Act , which establishes the commissions before which people would be tried at Guantanamo Bay , is a shaky foundation on which to build a permanent courthouse complex at such huge taxpayer expense .
At least one section of the Military Commissions
Act is already being reviewed by the federal courts , and eventual challenges to other provisions may invalidate other sections of the Military Commissions Act .
Federal courts are already reviewing the constitutionality and legality of a section of the Military Commissions
Act that strips any alien deemed an “ enemy combatant ” of the right to have a court determine whether the government is holding the person lawfully .
The Great Writ of habeas corpus is the basis of our nation ’s limits on arbitrary executive power over any person .
By stripping habeas protections , the Military Commissions Act abandoned the most important check of last resort on executive power .
Whenever military commission trials actually begin , the courts will likely reverse convictions or invalidate the trial procedures .
The trial procedures are vulnerable because of such provisions as a section in the Military Commissions
Act which authorizes convictions based on evidence obtained in violation of the Senate - ratified Convention Against Torture and other federal laws barring abuse of detainees .
The statute allows the use of evidence obtained in violation of the provisions of the McCain anti-torture amendment , so long as the evidence was obtained prior to its enactment last December .
It is extraordinarily unlikely that federal courts will uphold a statute permitting a person to be convicted based on evidence that was literally beaten out of a witness .
The ACLU strongly urges you to pass immediate legislation to stop the awarding of up to $ 125 million for an unauthorized courthouse .
Sincerely ,
Caroline Fredrickson
Director
Christopher E. Anders
Legislative Counsel
DESPITE his rather appealing personal humility , the tributes lavished upon Alan Greenspan , the chairman of the Federal Reserve , become more exuberant by the day .
Ahead of his retirement on January 31st , he has been widely and extravagantly acclaimed by economic commentators , politicians and investors .
After all , during much of his 18 ½ years in office America enjoyed rapid growth with low inflation , and he successfully steered the economy around a series of financial hazards .
In his final days of glory , it may therefore seem churlish to question his record .
However , Mr Greenspan 's departure could well mark a high point for America 's economy , with a period of sluggish growth ahead .
This is not so much because he is leaving , but because of what he is leaving behind : the biggest economic imbalances in American history .
One should not exaggerate Mr Greenspan 's influence — both good and bad — over the economy .
Like all central bankers he is constrained by huge uncertainties about how the economy works , and by the limits of what monetary policy can do ( it can affect inflation , but it cannot increase the long - term rate of growth ) .
He controls only short - term interest rates , not bond yields , taxes or regulation .
Yet for all these constraints , Mr Greenspan has long been the world 's most important economic policy maker — and during an exceptional period when globalisation and information technology have been transforming the world economy .
His reign has coincided with the opening up to trade and global capital flows of China , India , the former Soviet Union and many other previously closed economies .
And Mr Greenspan 's policies have helped to support globalisation : the robust American demand and huge appetite for imports that he facilitated made it easier for these economies to emerge and embrace open markets .
The benefits to poorer nations have been huge .
So far as the American economy is concerned , however , the Fed 's policies of the past decade look like having painful long - term costs .
It is true that the economy has shown amazing resilience in the face of the bursting in 2000 - 01 of the biggest stockmarket bubble in history , of terrorist attacks and of a tripling of oil prices .
Mr Greenspan 's admirers attribute this to the Fed 's enhanced credibility under his charge .
Others point to flexible wages and prices , rapid immigration , a sounder banking system and globalisation as factors that have made the economy more resilient to shocks .
The economy 's greater flexibility may indeed provide a shock - absorber .
A spurt in productivity has also boosted growth .
But the main reason why America 's growth has remained strong in recent years has been a massive monetary stimulus .
The Fed held real interest rates negative for several years , and even today real rates remain low .
Thanks to globalisation , new technology and that vaunted flexibility , which have all helped to reduce the prices of many goods , cheap money has not spilled into traditional inflation , but into rising asset prices instead — first equities and now housing .
The Economist has long criticised Mr Greenspan for not trying to restrain the stockmarket bubble in the late 1990s , and then , after it burst , for inflating a housing bubble by holding interest rates low for so long ( see article ) .
The problem is not the rising asset prices themselves but rather their effect on the economy .
By borrowing against capital gains on their homes , households have been able to consume more than they earn .
Robust consumer spending has boosted GDP growth , but at the cost of a negative personal saving rate , a growing burden of household debt and a huge current - account deficit .
Burning the furniture
Ben Bernanke , Mr Greenspan 's successor , likes to explain America 's current - account deficit as the inevitable consequence of a saving glut in the rest of the world .
Yet a large part of the blame lies with the Fed 's own policies , which have allowed growth in domestic demand to outstrip supply for no less than ten years on the trot .
Part of America 's current prosperity is based not on genuine gains in income , nor on high productivity growth , but on borrowing from the future .
The words of Ludwig von Mises , an Austrian economist of the early 20th century , nicely sum up the illusion : “ It may sometimes be expedient for a man to heat the stove with his furniture .
But he should not delude himself by believing that he has discovered a wonderful new method of heating his premises . ”
As a result of weaker job creation than usual and sluggish real wage growth , American incomes have increased much more slowly than in previous recoveries .
According to Morgan Stanley , over the past four years total private - sector labour compensation has risen by only 12 % in real terms , compared with an average gain of 20 % over the comparable period of the previous five expansions .
Without strong gains in incomes , the growth in consumer spending has to a large extent been based on increases in house prices and credit .
In recent months Mr Greenspan himself has given warnings that house prices may fall , and that this in turn could cause consumer spending to slow .
In addition , he suggests that foreigners will eventually become less eager to finance the current - account deficit .
Central banks in Asia and oil - producing countries have so far been happy to buy dollar assets in order to hold down their own currencies .
However , there is a limit to their willingness to keep accumulating dollar reserves .
Chinese officials last week offered hints that they are looking eventually to diversify China 's foreign - exchange reserves .
Over the next couple of years the dollar is likely to fall and bond yields rise as investors demand higher compensation for risk .
When house - price rises flatten off , and therefore the room for further equity withdrawal dries up , consumer spending will stumble .
Given that consumer spending and residential construction have accounted for 90 % of GDP growth in recent years , it is hard to see how this can occur without a sharp slowdown in the economy .
Handovers to a new Fed chairman are always tricky moments .
They have often been followed by some sort of financial turmoil , such as the 1987 stockmarket crash , only two months after Mr Greenspan took over .
This handover takes place with the economy in an unusually vulnerable state , thanks to its imbalances .
The interest rates that Mr Bernanke will inherit will be close to neutral , neither restraining nor stimulating the economy .
But America 's domestic demand needs to grow more slowly in order to bring the saving rate and the current - account deficit back to sustainable levels .
If demand fails to slow , he will need to push rates higher .
This will be risky , given households ' heavy debts .
After 13 increases in interest rates , the tide of easy money is now flowing out , and many American households are going to be shockingly exposed .
In the words of Warren Buffett , “ It 's only when the tide goes out that you can see who 's swimming naked . ”
How should Mr Bernanke respond to falling house prices and a sharp economic slowdown when they come ?
While he is even more opposed than Mr Greenspan to the idea of restraining asset - price bubbles , he seems just as keen to slash interest rates when bubbles burst to prevent a downturn .
He is likely to continue the current asymmetric policy of never raising interest rates to curb rising asset prices , but always cutting rates after prices fall .
This is dangerous as it encourages excessive risk taking and allows the imbalances to grow ever larger , making the eventual correction even worse .
If the imbalances are to unwind , America needs to accept a period in which domestic demand grows more slowly than output .
The big question is whether the rest of the world will slow too .
The good news is that growth is becoming more broadly based , as demand in the euro area and Japan has been picking up , and fears about an imminent hard landing in China have faded .
America kept the world going during troubled times .
But now it is time for others to take the lead .
Let me start with a story .
Two new researchers on my team at Google decided , for their starter project , to look at the way ads are matched to search queries .
They discovered an improvement that results in about a 1 % increase in revenue .
Now the question is : is this a boring development -- after all , what could be more routine than improving an existing system by 1 % -- or an exciting one : making progress on something that a lot of smart people had already thought hard about , and incidently bringing in an additional $ 100 M a year in revenue to the company , and many times that value to the advertisers and consumers .
And some larger questions : how many of these improvements do we need to keep our society moving forward , and what should be the mix of incremental 1 % improvements versus revolutionary , 100 % new ideas ?
One way to look at it is that the World Gross Domestic Product is $ 60 trillion / yr , but let 's concentrate on the US GDP , which is $ 12 trillion / yr ( or $ 42,000 per person ) .
Except for a dip in the 1930 's during the great depression , it has grown at a remarkably constant pace , doubling every 20 years .
Now , there are about 3.5 million scientists and engineers in the US work force , of which computer scientists have the largest chunk .
If we take it upon ourselves as scientists and engineers to deliver all of the doubling in the GDP , that works out to an increase of $ 3.4 M / yr that each of us needs to deliver in the next 20 years .
I should say that this model is highly simplified .
As much as I respect computer scientists and engineers , we do n't actually deliver all the increases .
Just this month there was a Scientific American article that says insects produce $ 57 B / yr in free labor .
Yet despite this , insects are rarely chosen as commencement speakers , so I 'll exercise my chauvinistic prerogative and stick to us humans .
When doing back - of - the - envelope calculations , it is always a good idea to verify them with a second approach .
Another way to look at the problem is to count scientific disciplines and figure out how much of each discipline we 3.5 M scientists will have to handle .
So I looked at the Dewey Decimal System .
The 600s are technology .
There are some substantial disciplines like 610 : Medical Sciences , but there are some less extensive ones like 682 : blacksmithing and 664 : food technology , along with 663 : beverage technology .
I count about a dozen substantial disciplines .
How substantial ?
Well the ACM categorization lists 857 subcategories within computer science .
For example , my favorite category , Information Search and Retrieval , has the 5 subcategories Clustering , Query formulation , Retrieval models , Search process , and Selection process .
( They do n't mention ads matching . )
A dozen times 857 is about 10,000 subcategories across all of technology .
So on average , each of these 10,000 subcategories gets 350 scientists and engineers to work on it , and each such team needs to bring in an additional $ 1.2B / yr in the next twenty years .
Now let 's go back to the two Google researchers from my first story .
The two of them had the original idea , but three others helped implement it .
According to my model , it takes 29 people to generate a $ 100 M increase , so that means if we want to maintain the average , the team of 5 , along with 24 of you in the audience , can take the rest of the next 20 years off .
But of course we do n't want to be just average .
We want to excel ; we 're from Berkeley !
How can we excel ?
Before I answer that , let me return for the moment to Dewey Decimal 663 : beverage technology .
It turns out that in my very first professional job , as an intern thirty years ago , I had a colleague , a chemist , who had worked in beverage technology .
The summer before he had been an intern and was given the task of figuring out if there was a particular chemical that gave whisky the distinctive taste of being aged in an oak cask .
The company figured if they could isolate the chemical maybe they could just mix it in , and skip five or ten years of aging .
So my friend went into the lab and isolated what he thought might be the right compound .
He ordered a small vial from a chemical supply company ( remember , this was before online shopping and email , so they had to actually write words on paper ) and mixed up a batch .
It tasted pretty good .
( Why ca n't we computer scientists get research projects that involve consuming alcohol ? )
My friend was duly congratulated , and he wrote to the chemical supply company and asked for a 55 gallon drum of the stuff .
They wrote back , saying " we regret that we can not fill your order because we are currently low on stock and , as I 'm sure you know , to produce this chemical we need to age it in oak casks for five years . "
The point of this story is that if it had happened today , my friend would not have had to spend months in the lab ; he could have spent minutes on Google instead .
I searched for about three minutes and I 'm not sure exactly what chemical he isolated , but I do know that there is a small body of literature on volatile oak extractives that would help me find out , if only I understood a little more chemistry .
Furthermore , I was able to do this because of the many efforts of the computer scientists working in category H.3.3 : Information Search and Retrieval , some of them making incremental 1 % improvements , some making larger leaps , but not one of them , I 'm quite certain , thinking that their work would one day be applicable to a 30 - year old problem in Dewey Decimal category 663 : beverage technology .
So my advice to you is to pick one of the 10,000 categories , or invent category number 10,001 , and make some progress in it .
Pick problems that are ambitious enough that your expected value over the next 20 years is at least your $ 3.4 M / yr share .
But worry about the value you produce , not just the money .
America 's first great scientist , Ben Franklin , said " we should be glad of an opportunity to serve others by any invention of ours " .
So be happy and productive , do n't be evil , and be glad of an opportunity to serve others .
600 Technology ( Applied sciences ) 601 Philosophy & theory 602 Miscellany 603 Dictionaries & encyclopedias 604 Special topics 605 Serial publications 606 Organizations 607 Education , research , related topics 608 Invention & patents 609 Historical , areas , persons treatment 610 Medical sciences Medicine 611 Human anatomy , cytology , histology 612 Human physiology 613 Promotion of health 614 Incidence & prevention of disease 615 Pharmacology & theraputics 616 Diseases 617 Surgery & related medical specialities 618 Gynecology & other medical specialities 619 Experimental medicine 620 Engineering & allied operations 621 Applied physics 622 Mining & related operations 623 Military & nautical engineering 624 Civil engineering 625 Engineering of railroads , roads 626 Not assigned or no longer used 627 Hydraulic engineering 628 Sanitary & municipal engineering 629 Other branches of engineering 630 Agriculture 631 Techniques , equipment , materials 632 Plant injuries , diseases , pests 633 Field & plantation crops 634 Orchards , fruits , forestry 635 Garden crops ( Horticulture ) 636 Animal husbandry 637 Processing dairy & related products 638 Insect culture 639 Hunting , fishing , conservation 640 Home economics & family living 641 Food & drink 642 Meals & table service 643 Housing & household equipment 644 Household utilities 645 Household furnishings 646 Sewing , clothing , personal living 647 Management of public households 648 Housekeeping 649 Child rearing & home care of sick 650 Management & auxiliary services 651 Office services 652 Processes of written communication 653 Shorthand 657 Accounting 658 General management 659 Advertising & public relations 660 Chemical engineering 661 Industrial chemicals technology 662 Explosives , fuels technology 663 Beverage technology 664 Food technology ...
By Stephen Mulvey
EU reporter , BBC News
The US has data on all passengers 15 minutes after take - off
The need to renegotiate the deal came as a result of a European Court of Justice ruling in May , and there have been repeated warnings since then that chaos would ensue if the talks failed .
Airlines have been threatened with fines of $ 6,000 per passenger or withdrawal of landing rights if they fly to the US without supplying the data , which American officials use to try to identify potential terrorists .
But the airlines could face prosecution under national data protection laws in EU member states if they do hand over the information .
Passengers on any flights that failed to supply the data to the US authorities would also risk being held up for hours at US immigration .
SOME THINGS US CUSTOMS KNOWS
Your history of missing flights
Your frequent flyer miles
Your seat location aboard Your e-mail address
However , this agreement was annulled by the European Court of Justice , which ruled that European officials had not given it an appropriate legal basis .
The judges gave them until midnight on 30 September to correct the mistake .
The negotiations between the EU and the US on renewing the agreement were expected to centre on legal technicalities rather than issues of substance - however , they appear to have strayed in to controversial territory and become bogged down .
One EU official told BBC
News that generally speaking the EU wanted to give away less data , while the US wanted more .
US demands for information are going to go up not down
Hugo Brady
Centre for European Reform
In future , the EU also wants to go over to a system where airlines " push " the data across to the US , rather than allowing the CBP to continue " pulling " it .
Additionally , European privacy authorities want the US to give legally binding guarantees regarding the protection of the data concerned , instead of the existing non-binding undertakings .
On the other hand , US Secretary of Homeland Security Michael Chertoff has said the CBP needs to be able to share the data more freely with other government departments , such as the FBI .
Now that the talks with the EU have run into difficulty , the US has the option of doing bilateral deals with each of the EU 's 25 member states , but it is likely to regard this as a last resort .
Passenger profile
The Passenger Name Record ( PNR ) data that has been transferred up to now , falls into 34 overlapping fields , some of which contain very little information , for example the passenger 's name , while others contain a lot , including the passenger 's name ( again ) , date of birth , sex , citizenship and so on .
Some of this information is collected when the ticket is booked , some of it at check - in , and some is information about the passenger 's travelling history , which can be gleaned from the reservation database .
Not all the fields will necessarily be filled in .
The data can be broken down into the following categories
Information about the passenger : name ; address ; date of birth ; passport number ; citizenship ; sex ; country of residence ; US visa number ( plus date and place issued ) ; address while in the US ; telephone numbers ; e-mail address ; frequent flyer miles flown ; address on frequent flyer account ; the passenger 's history of not showing up for flights
: name ; address ; date of birth ; passport number ; citizenship ; sex ; country of residence ; US visa number ( plus date and place issued ) ; address while in the US ; telephone numbers ; e-mail address ; frequent flyer miles flown ; address on frequent flyer account ; the passenger 's history of not showing up for flights Information about the booking of the ticket : date of reservation ; date of intended travel ; date ticket was issued ; travel agency ; travel agent ; billing address ; how the ticket was paid for ( including credit card number ) ; the ticket number ; which organisation issued the ticket ; whether the passenger bought the ticket at the airport just before the flight ; whether the passenger has a definite booking or is on a waiting list ; pricing information ; a locator number on the computer reservation system ; history of changes to the booking
: date of reservation ; date of intended travel ; date ticket was issued ; travel agency ; travel agent ; billing address ; how the ticket was paid for ( including credit card number ) ; the ticket number ; which organisation issued the ticket ; whether the passenger bought the ticket at the airport just before the flight ; whether the passenger has a definite booking or is on a waiting list ; pricing information ; a locator number on the computer reservation system ; history of changes to the booking Information about the flight itself : seat number ; seat information ( eg aisle or window ) ; bag tag numbers ; one - way or return flight ; special requests , such as requests for special meals , for a wheelchair , or help for an unaccompanied minor
: seat number ; seat information ( eg aisle or window ) ; bag tag numbers ; one - way or return flight ; special requests , such as requests for special meals , for a wheelchair , or help for an unaccompanied minor Information about the passenger 's itinerary : other flights ticketed separately , or data on accommodation , car rental , rail reservations or tours .
: other flights ticketed separately , or data on accommodation , car rental , rail reservations or tours .
Information about other people : the group the passenger is travelling with ; the person who booked the ticket
The CBP system has been built in such a way that some " sensitive " information is filtered out .
Protected data
According to the undertakings on data protection provided by the US , this includes " personal data revealing racial or ethnic origin , political opinions , religious or philosophical beliefs , trade union membership , and data concerning the health or sex life of the individual " .
This means that Halal or Kosher meal preferences will not show up , while requests for a vegetarian meal will .
The PNR data is not used simply to check names against blacklists of known suspected terrorists , but to find new suspects with suspicious patterns of behaviour
" You can be sure that the US will construe whatever they can from the information provided .
You can construe a lot from someone 's name , " says Hugo Brady of the Centre for European Reform .
The PNR data is not used simply to check names against blacklists of known suspected terrorists , but to hunt for people with suspicious patterns of behaviour .
" They have compiled a number of scenarios which they believe amount to suspicious activity and the data is screened for a match .
Did the passenger pay cash , did he have baggage ?
And so on , " says Hugo Brady .
He adds : " US demands for information are going to go up not down and we are going to have to find a way of aligning security and privacy to a mutually satisfactory end . "
By Sunil Raman
BBC News , Tamil Nadu
Divya has been a weaver for three years now
A small , grilled window is the only source of fresh air .
A fluorescent tube above lights what is otherwise a dark and dingy hut .
It is midday but Divya has no time to rest .
She has to ensure that the threads are ready for the weaver to make an intricate design on a green silk sari .
" I have been working for the last three years .
Earlier I earned 150 rupees ( around $ 3 ) a month .
In the last one year my new employer is paying 200 rupees ( over $ 4 ) a month , " said Divya .
" I do not want to do this .
I want to go to school but my parents have borrowed 5000 rupees ( $ 111 ) from the loom owner .
I have to work . "
Bonded labourers
Divya 's parents are masons .
Driven by poverty they borrowed money from a loom owner and in return started sending their daughter to work on his loom .
Yuvraj , 10 , released from bondage by a charity , is now going to school
She has been working for three years .
But the loan and its interest never get repaid .
Poor and illiterate weavers remain at the mercy of employers .
Social Action Movement ( SAM ) - a charity based in Kanchipuram - is working to eradicate child labour .
" It is claimed that children are employed because of their nimble fingers .
That is not true .
They are being exploited and paid very low wages .
They are bonded labourers , " T Raj , project co-ordinator of SAM , told the BBC .
Divya is not alone .
It is estimated that there are around 10,000 children in the districts of Kanchipuram and Thiruvannamalai in Tamil Nadu work in the silk industry .
There are over 100,000 looms set up in individual homes on which these famous silk saris are woven .
Many of these saris cost several thousand rupees .
Yuvraj shows how he used a spindle before he left the loom - ' I hated it '
These looms are located in individual households and most of them employ at least one child .
These children work every day of the week for up to 10 hours a day .
They get no weekly holiday .
They all wait for the spring festival , Pongal , in January when they get a holiday .
Poster campaign
Savarnam , an owner of two looms rejected all accusations of exploitation .
Instead he said that they were helping these poor people by giving them employment .
What could I do ?
We are very poor and needed that money .
Their earnings helped us with our expenditure
Kadiamal , a local weaver
There are plenty of laws in India to protect small children .
Until a few years ago , loom owners would often have a few looms under one roof .
But then charities working to end child labour and government agencies began random checks and tried to spread awareness of the issue through a poster campaign .
It was then that owners started leasing out looms to individual families and providing them with the raw material to weave saris .
INDIAN LAWS ON CHILD LABOUR Child Labour ( Prohibition and Regulation ) Act , 1986 Child ( Pledging of Labour ) Act , 1933 Bonded Labour System Abolition Act of 1976 Tamil Nadu Handloom Workers Act of 1981
Kadiamal , 36 , has a loom installed in her small hut .
Grinding poverty forced her to send two of her children , Lakshmi and Yuvraj , to work on somebody else 's loom .
A few weeks ago , activists from SAM managed to get them freed after helping their family repay part of the loan .
" I am happy that they are going to school now .
What could I do ?
We are very poor and needed that money .
Their earnings helped us with our expenditure " , said Kadiamal as she got ready to resume her work .
Her son , Yuvraj looked happy playing with other children under the hot sun .
" I hated it , " he said .
SAM's Raj said that children who are freed from such work are sent to schools .
Some drop out of schools and get back into the business but many stay to study some more .
Esperanto English Español LA KULTURO DE ESPERANTO Ronald J. Glossop , ILEI - konferenco , Kaunas , Litovio ,
4 Augusto 2005 ( reviziita kaj iom pligrandigita por
INTERNACIA PEDAGOGIA REVUO , kie ĝi aperis
en numero 05/4 [ jarkolekto 35 ] , paĝoj 3 - 6 ) Ĉu Esperanto havas kulturon ?
Se jes , kio estas ĝia karaktero ?
Kiuj estas ĝiaj eroj ?
Kelkaj homoj , aparte tiuj kiuj kontraŭas Esperanton , insistas ke Esperanto ne havas kulturon .
Tial ĝi ne estas vera lingvo kiel la naciaj lingvoj .
Ŝajne tiuj homoj ne povas kompreni ke oni povas havi kulturon kiu ne estas nacia kulturo .
Ili pravas ke Esperanto ne havas nacian kulturon , sed tio ne signifas ke Esperanto ne havas ian kulturon .
Esperanto ja havas kulturon , sed ĝi estas internacia aŭ tutmonda kulturo .
Oni devas konstati ke ĉe Esperanto la rilato inter la lingvo kaj la komunumo estas inversa al la kutima situacio .
Kutime la membroj de komunumo loĝas kune en unu loko , kaj la uzo de ĝia lingvo estas unue nur buŝa .
La skribita lingvo ekekzistas nur multe pli malfrue aŭ en kelkaj kazoj neniam .
Male Esperanto unue estas skribita lingvo , kaj oni uzas ĝin en diversaj lokoj kiuj eble ne estas tre proksimaj unu al la alia .
Ĉe Esperanto la skribata lingvo naskas la buŝan lingvon !
Iom post iom tiuj kiuj uzas Esperanton formas ne-en - unu - lokan komunumon kaj komencas konstrui ankaŭ novan specon de nenacia kulturo .
En kio konsistas la karaktero de la kulturo de Esperanto ?
Kiel jam dirite , ĝi ne estas nacia kulturo , sed Esperanto havas internacian aŭ tutmondan kulturon .
Sekve ĝi devos antaŭenigi internacian kompreniĝon kaj toleron al malsamaj vivmanieroj .
Esperantistoj devas respekti la kutimojn kaj lingvojn de ĉiuj grupoj tra la tuta mondo .
La diversaj naciaj kulturoj devos esti konservataj ankaŭ en tempo , kiam nova tuttera , vastanima kulturo estos konstruata kun novaj , specialaj terglobaj sentoj , kaj samtempe sen limigo de aliroj kaj perceptadmanieroj .
Malsimile al la situacio ĉe multaj naciaj kulturoj , la adeptoj de Esperanto havas nek malsaman specon de kostumoj , per kiuj vestus sin nur Esperantistoj , kiujn nur Esperantistoj surhavus , nek unikan specon de nutraĵoj , kiuj estas konataj kiel nutraĵoj tipaj de esperantistoj .
Male , ĉe Esperanto grava parto de la kulturo efektive estas la ekzisto de multaj diversaj specoj de vestoj kaj multaj diversaj specoj de nutraĵoj el la diversaj mondopartoj .
Alia malsama aspekto de la kulturo de Esperanto estas la tendenco rigardi al la estonteco pli ol la pasinteco .
Kompreneble , ĉiu kulturo devas atenti sian historion , sed ĉe la Esperanto - komunumo , male al la kutima situacio por naciaj komunumoj , la esperoj por la estonteco estas multe pli gravaj ol la memoroj de pasintaj eventoj .
Nia respektita Zamenhof , la fondinto de Esperanto , ja nomis sin Doktoro Esperanto , kaj ankaŭ liaj sekvantoj estas esperantoj .
Ankoraŭ alia aspekto de la kulturo de Esperanto estas la preteco uzi novajn teknikojn por vojaĝi kaj komuniki .
Ĉar la koncerna komunumo ne plu estas en unu loko sed ekzistas tra la tuta planedo , membroj de tia komunumo devas uzi la plej modernajn manierojn veturi kaj sendi informon unuj al la aliaj .
Ĉar la Esperanto - komunumo estas internacia kaj tuttera , ĝiaj membroj ankaŭ volas kunlabori kun internaciaj kulturaj organizaĵoj kiel UNESKO kaj kun diversaj internaciaj ne-registaraj organizaĵoj , inkluzive internaciajn religiajn organizaĵojn .
Kompreneble ankaŭ naciaj kaj landaj komunumoj ofte volus fari tion , sed ne ĉiam .
Ĉe la Esperanto - komunumo tia kunlaboro estas ĉefa celo , ne nur sekundara au hazarda afero .
Simile al la naciaj kulturoj , Esperanto havas sian literaturon .
Ekzistas ne nur multaj tradukoj el gravaj verkoj de diversaj naciaj kulturoj sed ankaŭ originalaj verkoj de diversaj specoj .
Kelkaj el la pli konataj aŭtoroj estas L. L. Zamenhof el Pollando ( la iniciinto de la lingvo ) , Kálmán Kolacsay kaj Julio Baghy el Hungario , William Auld kaj Marjorie Boulton el Britio , Gaston Waringhein kaj Raymond Schwartz el Francio , Baldur Ragnarsson el Islando , Ueyama Masao el Japanio , kaj S. J. Zee el Ĉinio .
( Pardonu min ke mi ne menciis multajn aliajn , sed oni devas ĉesi ie . )
Efektive , ĉar Esperanto dependas tiom de sia skribita formo , la kvanto de la skribita materialo en Esperanto ofte estas granda surprizo al ne-Esperantistoj .
Feliĉe , ni havas niajn specialajn bibliotekojn , kiuj kolektas tiujn materialojn , kaj niajn vendistojn , kiuj estas pretaj vendi la novan literaturon .
Oni povas konatiĝi kun la kulturo de Esperanto ne nur en libroj kaj amaso de magazinoj sed ankaŭ en kantoj kaj teatraĵoj kaj per la interreto , videobendoj , kompakt - diskoj , kaj elsendoj de radio- kaj televid - stacioj en multaj landoj kiel Pollando , Ĉinio , Aŭstrio , Italio , Brazilo , kaj Koreio .
Krom la diversaj haveblaj skribitaj materialoj , estas kelkaj aspektoj de la lingvo mem kiuj kontribuas al la kulturo de Esperanto .
Ekzemple , la uzo de afiksoj permesas la kreon de novaj vortoj , eĉ pere de infanoj .
La prefikso " mal " indikas la kontraŭon de la sekva radiko , kaj la vorto " trinkas " signifas ke oni prenas likvidon en la korpon .
Tial oni povas uzi la tute novan vorton " maltrinki " anstataŭ uzi la pli kleran vorton " urini . "
Efektive , tiu nova vorto nun estas pli ofte uzata , aparte de la infanoj .
Per la uzo de la afiksoj ĉiu ajn povas krei novajn vortojn , kiujn aliaj Esperantistoj tuj povas kompreni .
Foje unu el miaj studentoj , dum ekzameno , ne povis memori la vorton " forte " rilate al la verbo " neĝis . "
Li lerte kreis novan esprimon " neĝis maldolĉe . "
Tio estas tuj komprenebla esprimo kaj iom eĉ poeta , ĉu ne ?
ĉu komencantoj povas simile krei novajn bonajn vortojn en aliaj lingvoj ?
Mi dubas pri tio .
Alia ekzemplo de la uzo de la afiksoj , kiun oni ne ofte trovas en aliaj lingvoj , estas la ebleco krei vortojn el akronimoj kiel " ILEI - anoj " kaj " SAT - anoj . "
La kulturo de Esperanto enhavas specialajn simbolojn , ornamojn , kaj agadojn , kiel la verdan stelon , la verdan flagon kun la stelo , la Pasportan Servon , la himnon " La Espero , " la jarajn Universalajn Kongresojn , kaj krome multajn aliajn internaciajn kunvenojn tra la tuta mondo kie ĉiuj havas ŝancon uzi Esperanton .
Alia parto de la kulturo de Esperanto estas la ekzisto de kelkaj vortoj , kies signifo estas tuta mistero al ne-Esperantistoj , verboj kiel " krokodilas " kaj " kabeis " , kiujn oni ne povas simple traduki en aliajn lingvojn .
Miaopinie ĉi tiuj trajtoj kune kun la literaturo kaj aliaj intelektaj kaj artaj materialoj pruvas , ke Esperanto ja havas kulturon eĉ se tio ne estas nacia kulturo .
Iom post iom la Esperanto - komunumo ekevoluigas eĉ specialajn gestojn !
Ekzemple nun ekekzistas gesto , kiun oni povas uzi por indiki " ĝis la revido !
"
Antaŭ kelkaj jaroj ĝi komenciĝis en San - Francisko je la fino de la Nord - Amerika Somera Kursaro .
Kelkaj studentoj , kiuj venis al Usono el aliaj landoj , jam estis en la aŭtobuso por foriri al la flughaveno .
Ekirironte ili metis la manojn super la kapon por formi ĉapelon similan al la ĉapelo super la litero " ĝ " en la esprimo " ĝis la revido . "
Tiuj kiuj spektis ilin tra la fenestroj de aŭtobuso tuj kaptis la signifon de tiu gesto kaj faris la saman .
Ŝajnas , ke tiel eble ekekzistis nova adiaŭa gesto tute unika al la kulturo de Esperanto .
En Septembro 1992 Claude Piron verkis ses-paĝan leteron en la angla lingvo , en kiu li respondis al la komento en la libro EUROPE FOR EVERYBODY ( EŬROPO POR ĈIUJ ) ke al Esperanto mankas kulturaj radikoj .
Piron argumentas , ke kvankam al la lingvo certe mankis kulturo kiam Zamenhof unue iniciatis ĝin , tio ne plu estas la situacio .
La nuntempa Esperanto , pro sia fleksebla karaktero , povis senprobleme sorbi influojn de diversaj naciaj kulturoj , eĉ de ne-Eŭropaj landoj kiel Japanio kaj Ĉinio .
Piron komentas ke " se Esperanto ankoraŭ ekzistas , tio estas ĉefe pro siaj kulturaj radikoj .
Homoj , kiuj restas en la komunumo de Esperanto , faras tion pro sentoj rilate al la kulturo , ne pro la racieco de la lingvo .
Ili spertas interkulturan etoson , kiun oni ne povas trovi aliloke . "
Piron tiam mencias ke la kulturo de Esperanto eĉ evoluigis du originalajn specojn de poezia formo kiuj tute ne ekzistas en aliaj kulturoj .
Unu unikan formon uzitan de Johán Valano ( tio estas , Claude Piron ) en la libro MALMALICE [ eldonita de Literatura Foiro , Kuopio kaj Pisa , 1977 ] usona Profesoro Pierre Ullman [ en angla - lingva artikolo " Schizoschematic Rhyme in Esperanto " en Papers on Language and Literature , 1980 ] nomas " schizoschematic rhyme " ( " skizoaranĝa rimo " ) .
En tiu formo la rimoj estas ne inter la lastaj vortoj en diversaj linioj sed nur inter la lastaj radikoj en la diversaj linioj , radikoj kiuj estas sekvitaj de malsamaj finaĵoj .
Tia poezia formo tute ne povas ekzisti en aliaj lingvoj ĉar ĝi dependas de la unika sistemo de radikoj kaj sufiksoj en Esperanto .
Kiel iu ajn povas diri , ke Esperanto ne havas kulturon kiam ĝi eĉ havas siajn proprajn unikajn poeziajn formojn ?
En tiu bonega letero verkita en 1992 Piron konkludas , ke tiuj " lingvaj spertuloj , " kiuj opinias ke Esperanto ne havas kulturon , simple ne konscias pri la faktoj .
QR Code Link to This Post
You posed the following riddle to the sages who frequent CL's " Casual Encounters " board : " Ugh !
I have been looking for a really sexy , sensual , attractive man with a " high " libido to have sex on a regular basis .
Why is this " so " difficult ?
Basically , all you need to be single ( not married ) , tall , attractive , CLEAN , well endowed ( 8 " - 9 " ) w/ a strong gift of knowing how to give pleasure to a woman .
Also , be someone who I can have a conversation and drink with outside of the bedroom because if I am bored >>>>
I am going home !!! I am single ( no attachments ) , attractive , 5 " 8 1/2 , great smile .
I have some meat on bones , curvy , sexy and sensual .
D*D free and would like to stay that way !!
READ THIS >>>>>
I am not interested in 1 liners , married man or emails with pix and no name and vice versa .
Basically , tell me " a little " about yourself and what you expect .
" I think I can answer your question ... no , I KNOW I can answer your question .
Let 's start with geography .
You 're in NY which has a population in the Greater Metro area of about 13 million .
Slightly more than half of these are women and , since you 're looking for a man , that gives you a pool of about 6 million males .
One of the few things you do n't specify is age , so I 'll generously assume an age range of beween 18 and 50 .
Taking a rough guess , let 's say that drops your pool of males down to about 3 million .
I think it 's safe to say that the majority of the 18 - 30 year old men are still so shallow as to prefer women their own age or younger and some proportion of the 40 - 50 year old men are going through a mid-life crisis and are fantasizing about women only slightly older than their daughters .
Let 's say this reduces you to a pool of about 1.5 million .
1.5 million is still a heck of a big selection pool but once you remove those men who , because of bigotry or their own sexual fantasies , prefer non-black ladies ( their loss in my opinion and more for the rest of us ) , then I think we can safely say we 're down to about a million guys .
The next step is availability .
Many , indeed most , will already be in relationships .
They 're either married , engaged , monogamously involved or , in the case of three to five percent of them , gay .
It would be generous to assume that this did not apply to at least 60 % of the remaining million .
Now , we 're down to 400,000 men in the greater NYC area from which to choose .
By the way , this is assuming that every single one of these men is net savvy and knows about CL .
This brings us to your criteria .
Let 's take them one at a time .
I 'll wrap " sexy , sensual , attractive " up as a single requirement .
Considering that these 400,000 men are still available , I 'd guess that a smaller percentage than normal could be called " sexy " or " attractive " .
Women are nearly always more particular about this than men ( we are scarcely better than dogs ) , so I believe it would not be to draconian to let 300,000 of these lads off the hook .
We 're now down to 100,000 single men in NYC who might be attracted to you and who you might consider attractive .
Your next differentiating requirement is " tall " .
This is to women what boobs are to men or the phrase " must be slim " .
Since height is distributed along a bell curve and the average American male is now 5 ' 10 " , you 've just eliminated at least 60 , probably 75 % , of your dating pool .
I 'm going with 75 % because my experience is that 6ft is some sort of holy number for some women and less than 25 % of men are over 6 ft .
You 're now down to 25,000 candidates in all of NYC ... getting a little nervous ?
Here we get to my favorite useless criteria .." well - endowed " .
You even specify the number of inches ( 8 - 9 ) .
Again , we go back to the numbers and the average American male gets the job done ( or , perhaps not done , I suppose ) with the regulation issue 6 " penis .
I have one of those and it's been a workhorse beyond compare for these past 45 years .
But no , you 're special and you need more ... much more .
I took gym for many years and can assure you that the number of men , even when height is taken into consideration , who reach the penis length you require is a very small proportion of the population .
Since the current 25,000 member pool is already made up of very tall men , let 's assume that there 's double the number of well - endowed males .
Let 's say 20 rather than 10 % .
You 're now down to 5,000 men in all of NYC .
You also asked for a CLEAN man in caps so I 'll assume this is important .
Not sure what you mean here ( clean of disease , clean shirts , clean apartment ) , but knowing men , no more than half of these chaps will fit a scrupulous women 's definition of cleanliness .
Just the statistical probability of herpes alone should eliminate about half these guys .
We 're now down to 2,500 dudes for you .
You have two remaining criteria , however , which bodes more ill for your prospects .
Turns out you want a man with the " gift of knowing how to give pleasure to a woman " .
I wo n't even elaborate on this , but suffice it to say that by it's very definition of being a " gift " , no more than 1 in ten men should posess it .250 men and dropping .
Your last demand is that the lucky joe who gets the incomparable pleasure of bedding your rare soul must be capable of " conversation " in such a manner as to prevent your boredom .
Given that you 're a woman who needs tall , sexy men with 9 " dicks and a " gift " for pleasure , I suspect you 're easily bored .
Shall we say 10 % ??? 25 brave lads left to go nobly into that breach .
Finally , we hear a little about you .
Not much in the way of detail , no word of your " gifts " , but you do tell us that you are " curvy " with some meat on your bones .
This is CL speak for anything from a little chubby to obese .
Nothing wrong with this mind you , nothing wrong at all .
Personally , I prefer a woman built for comfort rather than speed .
You must be cognizant , however , that these handsome , tall , articulate , well - endowed and sexually gifted men will probably already have their pick of a wide variety of , shall we say , more glamorous women ?
Women whose curves more nearly resemble those seen in Playboy and Maxim .
Nonetheless , I think it 's reasonable that 4 or 5 of these fellas would prefer a beefy girl like you to the anorexic waifs we see in fashion magazines .
5 guys in NYC .
5 . That 's FIVE .
Though no longer single , I once was and though I met some of your criteria ( attractive , articulate , sexy , " gift for pleasure " ) , I did not meet many of your other criteria ( well - endowed and tall ) .
Nonetheless , I had a nearly inexhaustible selection of wonderful , attractive , sexy , strong and intelligent women to choose from .
Even had I the inclination to go onto CL , I was too busy dating and having sex to bother .
Do you think your five Knights will be even more inclined ?
I doubt it .
Now you know .
Not such a mystery any more is it ?
A former National Security Council official said Monday that the White House tried to silence his criticism of its Middle East policies by ordering the CIA to censor an op - ed column he wrote .
Flynt Leverett , a former senior director for Middle East affairs at the National Security Council , or NSC , and a former CIA analyst , said the White House told a CIA censor board to excise parts of a 1,000 - word commentary on U.S. policy toward Iran that he had offered to the New York Times .
Leverett , who has criticized the administration for failing to deal directly with Tehran , said the board wanted to remove references to prior U.S. contacts with Iran .
Leverett said the events he wrote about were widely known .
Advertisement
He said the agency ’s action “ was fabricated to silence an established critic of the administration ’s foreign policy incompetence at a moment when the White House is working hard to fend off political pressure to take a different approach . ”
Leverett said that in discussing the case with a CIA official , he was told that “ the White House has equities ” in the issue , meaning it was concerned about potentially classified material .
Speaking to reporters Monday , Leverett speculated that senior NSC officials , such as deputy national security advisors Elliott Abrams or Meghan L. O’Sullivan , had authorized their subordinates to intervene .
But U.S. officials said the move was taken by lower - level staff members at the CIA and NSC .
“ There was nothing political here , ” a White House official said , addressing Leverett ’s claims .
Advertisement
Tom Crispell , a CIA spokesman , said the agency ’s review of Leverett ’s column remained an open case .
He said that in such cases , the writer and the agency can come to an agreement on language that will convey what the writer wants without compromising sensitive material .
Sometimes this can be accomplished by quoting the public comments of officials .
“ More often than not the issues are worked out , ” Crispell said .
Leverett said there were two key paragraphs that the CIA board wanted to cut .
The first was about U.S. cooperation with Iran concerning Afghanistan about the time of the Sept. 11 attacks in 2001 .
Advertisement
The second dealt with an offer by Iran to the United States in early 2003 to discuss the possibility of a “ grand bargain ” that would settle several disputes between the two countries .
He said both episodes had been publicly discussed by former Secretary of State Colin L. Powell and his former deputy , Richard L. Armitage .
“ There is no basis for claiming that these issues are classified and not already in the public domain , ” he said .
Leverett , who worked at the NSC during President Bush ’s first term and is now with the New America Foundation , a liberal - leaning think tank , said he had written a lot about Iran and had spoken often about the Middle East since leaving government .
Advertisement
Like other former CIA employees , he is required to submit manuscripts for articles , books and speeches to the agency for review .
Until last week , the CIA ’s review board “ had never sought to remove or change a single word in any of my drafts . ”
He said his op - ed column was distilled from a much longer article that had not been challenged by the agency .
Leverett said the United States lost a promising opportunity to resolve its issues with Iran in 2003 , when Tehran made its overture .
He said any deal that Washington made now would be on less favorable terms , because Iran had gained strength in the region and the United States was tied down in Iraq .
Advertisement
*
paul.richter@latimes.com
Teenage boys and computer games go hand - in - hand .
A brain - machine interface allowed this patient to play the computer game Space Invaders using just brain signals .
Now , a St. Louis - area teenage boy and a computer game have gone hands - off , thanks to a unique experiment conducted by a team of neurosurgeons , neurologists , and engineers at Washington University in St. Louis .
The boy , a 14 - year - old who suffers from epilepsy , is the first teenager to play a two - dimensional video game , Space Invaders , using only the signals from his brain to make movements .
Getting subjects to move objects using only their brains has implications toward someday building biomedical devices that can control artificial limbs , for instance , enabling the disabled to move a prosthetic arm or leg by thinking about it .
Many gamers think fondly of Space Invaders , one of the most popular breakthrough video games of the late ’ 70s .
The player controls the motions of a movable laser cannon that moves back and forth across the bottom of the video screen .
Row upon row of video aliens march back and forth across the screen , slowly coming down from the top to the bottom of the screen .
The objective is to prevent any one of the aliens from landing on the bottom of the screen , which ends the game .
The player has an unlimited ammunition supply .
The aliens can shoot back at the player , who has to evade , moving left and right .
There are lots of levels of play , reflecting the speed at which the aliens descend .
The Washington University subject mastered the first two levels of play , using just his imagination .
Here ’s how :
The teenager had a grid atop his brain to record brain surface signals , a brain - machine interface technique that uses electrocorticographic ( ECoG ) activity – data taken invasively right from the brain surface .
It is an alternative to a frequently used technique to study humans called electroencephalographic activity ( EEG ) – data taken non-invasively by electrodes outside the brain on the scalp .
Engineers programmed the Atari software to interface with the brain - machine interface system .
Eric C. Leuthardt , M.D. , an assistant professor of neurological surgery at the School of Medicine , and Daniel Moran , Ph.D. , assistant professor of biomedical engineering , performed their research on the boy who had the grids implanted so that neurologists and neurosurgeons can find the area in the brain serving as the focus for an epileptic seizure , with hopes of removing it to avoid future seizures .
To do this , the boy and his doctors , Dr Mathew Smyth and Dr John Zempel , had to wait for a seizure .
Usin ’ the noggin
With approval of the patient and his parents and the Washington University School of Medicine Institutional Review Board , Leuthardt and Moran connected the patient to a sophisticated computer running a special program known as BCI2000 ( developed by their collaborator Gerwin Schalk at the Wadsworth Center , New York State Department of Health in Albany ) which involves a video game that is linked to the ECoG grid .
They then asked the boy to do various motor and speech tasks , moving his hands various ways , talking , and imagining .
The team could see from the data which parts of the brain and what brain signals correlate to these movements .
They then asked the boy to play a simple , two - dimensional Space Invaders game by actually moving his tongue and hand .
He was then asked to imagine the same movements , but not to actually perform them with his hands or tongue .
When he saw the cursor in the video game , he then controlled it with his brain .
“ He cleared out the whole level one basically on brain control , ” said Leuthardt .
“ He learned almost instantaneously .
We then gave him a more challenging version in two - dimensions and he mastered two levels there playing only with his imagination . ”
In 2004 , Leuthardt and Moran led a team who were the first to perform this research on four adult patients .
They were anxious to get data from a teenager to see if there are any differences between how teens and adults operate .
“ It ’s exciting to be able to look at age differences and see what that tells us about the brain , ” said Moran , who said the team plans to test more pediatric subjects .
“ No one has ever seen if brain signals from children are different .
We ’ll try to determine if teenagers have different frequency distributions when their cortex becomes active .
We might question if the frequency alterations are different , will that make a difference in performance ? ”
Leuthardt said it is too early to make comparisons between adults and teenagers because they have only one set of teenage data .
“ But we observed much quicker reaction times in the boy and he had a higher level of detail of control – for instance , he was n’t moving just left and right , but just a little bit left , a little bit right , ” he said .
Teamwork
Graduate students in the Washington University School of Engineering and Applied Science played major roles in the accomplishment .
Nick Anderson , a Ph.D. student in biomedical engineering , came up with the idea of using the Space Invaders game to both help the patients pass the time away and garner some very useful , pioneering data .
Computer science and engineering master ’s degree candidate Tim Blakely pulled several all - nighters to program the game into the ECoG system .
“ Doing this is a win - win situation , both for science and the child , ” Leuthardt said .
“ We devised this to be enjoyable and entertaining while we get groundbreaking information on the brain . ”
The clinical team also played a significant role in the planning and orchestration of this research .
It was of critical importance that these experiments be safe and not interfere with clinical care .
The clinical pediatric portion of the team was led by Mathew Smyth , MD , assistant professor of neurosurgery , and John Zempel , M.D. , Ph.D. , associate professor of neurology .
“ This really was a symphony of expertise ranging from neurosurgery , neurology , neuroscience , engineering , and computer science which was years in the making .
The end result is something we can really be proud of , ” Leuthardt said .
Even since I remember , I loved America .
Growing up in India , at first America symbolized " cool stuff " .
When I was a little older , it symbolized " rich country " .
As I understood the cause of that wealth , it symbolized all the greatness that was possible to an individual if only he had the freedom to work hard without asking permission from petty bureaucrats .
America symbolized more than just freedom ; it was the place where people felt like human beings , not like a statistical cogs in a wheel ; it was a place where there was hope , where one could dream the impossible dream ... it was the land of the " uneaten alive " .
When I was young , things had special value to me if they were from America , or even if they merely symbolized America .
A torn pair of used Levi's , bought from a hippie who needed cash was more valuable than a nice suit .
I could name most U.S. rock bands ; even some I should have known were really bad .
I tried never to miss the weekly program on Black & White government TV , where they showed new gadgets being prototyped " abroad " .
Abroad ... that 's where I wanted to be ...
I knew it young , and I would make it there ... regardless .
I loved computers too .
I 'm self taught .
Started in high - school .
Those days , people in India did n't have home computers .
A friend of my dad's had one in his office , and I taught myself to program it .
Always a bit of a rebel , I 've never had much patience for formal education , but I did graduate because I knew I needed the certificate .
I also did a formal computer course , though I knew most of it already .
While my classmates were using an editor , I was learning to create my own editor .
It was fun .
No complaints ... and it would make it easier to go to America .
When I was working ( 1994 ) , some of my friends left India and went to America .
They told me it was a great place to be .
There was only one tiny problem .
" Do n't expect to be doing any interesting work " , they warned .
The usual way an Indian went to America was on a " work - permit " .
After some time , one got a Green Card .
Most American companies did not want to hire people on work - permits .
It meant legal hassles and objections from native American employees who thought they had a better right to the job .
So , companies used head hunters ( " body - shoppers " ) .
These body - shoppers knew that people only worked via them because they could not get a direct job .
They usually would not allow someone on a work - permit to start applying for a Green card unless they 'd worked with them at least a year .
" Do n't expect the body - shopper to be a great employer " , my friends said , " and do n't expect the body - shopper to find you a great job ; that 's not what they 're good at . "
They also warned me to expect to work for a body - shopper for about 4 years before American law let me work anywhere I chose ( 1 year wait , then 3 years while waiting for the Green Card ) .
Seemed like a no - brainer to me : even if I had to give up 4 years of my life -- so what , it would be worth it .
And , working for a software body - shopper may be boring , but it pays pretty well ... a far cry from indentured labor .
I was ready to take the plunge .
America was everything I had dreamed ... and more .
It 's difficult to explain the difference to people who have grown up in the U.S. and take it for granted .
Dishwashers , cars , $ 3 coffee , 50 channels on TV , and lots more .
But , more than anything else was .... choice .
America is the land of choice .
How do you want that cooked ?
What toppings do you want on that ?
More than 3 types of toothpaste .
" Too much choice " , one person complained .
What was he talking about !
Sure I 've been embarrassed at times .
When I ordered my first banana split and found that I had to choose flavors and toppings , and had no idea what my options were ; or , when I was asked : " what dressing do you want with that " ?
Happily embarrassed .
Yes , this is how it should be .
I 'll learn the details and live in this world : a world " made my way " .
America also had Objectivists .
As a long time Ayn Rand fan , that was great .
In India I had a few close friends who were Objectivists , but here there were many , many more .
( And , most of my Indian Objectivist pals were planning to come to America too . )
Also , here we had email .
Objectivists from across the country could discuss ideas on email groups .
I joined an email study group .
I joined a local group that met from time to time .
I could afford to contribute to the ARI .
I could go to Objectivist conferences from time to time .
The best of all possible worlds .
It was now 1996 , a year after I arrived .
I had no regrets at all .
Not one .
I knew that immigration rules were complicated and often unfair , but they were definitely worth it .
How were they unfair , you ask ?
Well , in small ways .
Take the case of a senior programmer I worked with .
He had been in the U.S. 2 years and had not yet applied for his Green Card .
" Why are you waiting ? " , I asked him .
He explained that he wanted to marry , but had not found a girl he liked yet .
" If I apply for my Green Card and then find a girl who is not yet in America , she will not be allowed to come here " , he explained , " If I marry a girl before I apply for my Green Card , then she can come here and we can apply for our Green Cards together . "
Seemed like a silly rule , unfair to some .
It did n't bother me personally though .
I was n't the typical Indian guy whose parents were looking for a match back home .
There were other little annoyances though .
A programmer told me he would get his Green Card in two years instead of three .
" How ? " I asked , knowing that I could do anything he could .
" I have a master 's degree , so I am in a different queue " , he replied .
I knew the client was less happy with his work than with mine , and I was pretty sure they were paying him less too .
Yet , American law judged him to be better than me .
I felt this was a little unfair to me .
I shrugged it off though .
The law has to be objective ... so I can see why a degree can be part of the rules .
As for fairness , the construction worker from Mexico probably thinks I have it good , with only a 4 year wait .
Anyway , I reminded myself , once I start , it 's three more years to freedom .
I 'd been in the U.S. a whole year before I realized that there were " country - quotas " .
American law did not want too many Indians coming to America .
So , they had imposed limits on how many could get Green Cards from a single country .
A Greek programmer I worked with got his Green card a year after he applied for it .
He was a nice guy .
I did n't grudge him his success ... but I did think it was a bit unfair .
Still , I prefer the guy who comes illegally -- at least he does n't cut into my quota .
Who was making these laws , I wondered ?
Was it Americans ?
Are Americans not as fair as I thought ?
The ones I met were fair and did not seem to care that I was Indian .
Obviously , they just did not know about their own laws .
I finished a year with my employer and asked about starting my Green Card application .
He made excuses .
He said I 'd have to wait 3 months .
He said there was a backlog of other employees , and he was instituting a queue within the company .
I suspected that he just wanted an extra three months of billing out of us .
He knew we 'd committed a year and would n't want to switch employers and have to start from scratch .
What could I do ?
There are no formal agreements and contracts about when an employer will start the process ... that 's not how it works .
Some pals advised me to quit .
They said that this employer would make me wait just like this --- a few months at a time -- at each stage of the process .
Having been in the U.S. for a year now , I understood " the system " better and judged that they were probably right .
Should I quit and start with a better " body shopper " ?
Other friends told me : " they 're all the same " .
If only I could find a company that was not of the body - shopper type .
I had searched quite a bit ; I had sent resumes to various firms that were not in the " contract programming " business , but did take people on work - permits " transfers " .
There were n't many , but that did n't stop me trying .
Then it happened : I was called for an interview .
The company had revenues of a couple of billions -- not the place where a single owner would try to squeeze you .
The type of work was a dream assignment for me : really complex stuff that I could do only because I spent a lot of my spare time " playing " with stuff like that ... complex virtual reality stuff that had me salivating !
The interview was excellent .
They offered me the job and said that according to company policy I would have to wait for 6 months before they start my Green Card application .
It was a no brainer : great job , better pay , hardly any extra wait .
I could n't have been happier .
That July , we had an Objectivist get - together for Independence day .
I felt I was celebrating my own independence .
Feeling rich , I even doubled my ARI contributions .
It was a busy time .
Great fun at the job .
A new instrument to learn .
A new robotics hobby .
Why did the day just have 24 hours ?
Bother !
Then , one day , my CEOs name was in the headlines .
He was accused of cooking up revenue figures , showing next year 's sales as this year's .
The stock had plummeted .
Nothing changed at work , however .
It happened a month later .
The CEO left and a new guy came in .
He said he was going to restructure .
There were going to be layoffs .
I 'm not the type to worry about layoffs .
I have never had a problem getting a job and impressing people with my work .
I was worried that I might have to restart my Green Card application , though .
I spoke with my boss .
He did not know how the layoffs were to be decided , but he said that of the eight people who worked for him , I was definitely one he'd like to keep .
Two months later , I was laid off .
My boss apologized .
" I 'm sorry " , he said , " I asked them to make an exception for you .
I could have made an exception for your lack of time with the company , but I just could not get past the fact that you are on a work - permit .
We just cannot keep too many people on work - permits when we are laying off American citizens .
I 'm sure you understand . "
( I later learned my boss had fought hard to keep on one programmer who had applied for his Green card 2 years ago .
He did n't want him to have to lose so much time .
I guess he had to choose which one of us to hurt less .
I might have decided the same way . )
It would be nice to look for a good job again .
I had enough saved to look for some months if I needed to -- I do n't spend much .
But America did n't see it that way .
It did not matter what I had saved .
I had to find a job in 30 days or leave .
Being generous , the American government did not really enforce the law until people were here for more than 60 days .
With that deadline looming , I ended up opting for a safe job at a company where I knew the work was boring , but where they were used to dealing with work - permits .
Also , it was a company that did not seem to grow or shrink , but just sort of stayed in a " steady state " .
It was what I needed : stability and certainty .
Yes , I could do with a little boredom in my life : less twists and turns .
Almost two years had passed .
It did not seem fair that the two years I had worked should count for nothing in my application for a Green Card .
Why did Americans set that rule ?
No matter .
I would ride it out .
After all , I guess I had had fun along the way .
All was not lost .
It was n't a complete waste .
Stiff upper lip and all that ...
Just a delay of four more years ... I suppose I could wait .
Around that time , I met an immigrant at a party .
We got talking about immigration .
I was surprised to learn that he had only a high - school education , no family in the U.S. to sponsor him and no skills that Americans considered " special " .
What was his secret ?
He explained that he came here on a special Green Card called the " Diversity Quota " .
" There are thousands given out every year " , he explained .
He was from an African country .
" I 'm lucky I 'm not from Kenya " , he explained , " Americans want diversity , so they have a special quota for some countries where there are n't too many college graduates .
Not too many programmers where I am from " , he laughed .
" Americans want more people from poorer countries , but not from Kenya ... too manyKenyans qualify the normal way . "
I should have felt happy at his good fortune ... but , somehow I could not feel happy .
I felt I was in a bizarre other dimension where strange rules applied for no reason at all .
Who was making these rules ?
I do n't blame that guy , Of course not !
He did what was best for him . "
Was someone to blame though ?
Should I blame " American rules " and " American law " ?
Who made them ?
and why ?
why ?
I 'm not one to give up .
I began to cringe when I heard someone tell me : " America is great . "
Oh yes , I knew it was true .
Relatively speaking and philosophically speaking , America is great .
Speaking of averages , it is unsurpassed .
I just got unlucky and was experiencing some of its downside .
I think America was better once upon a time .
I think it has changed .
It is not the America I imagined .. not Roark 's America , more like Toohey's .
Yet , I knew the America I wanted to bring back .
I was damned if I was not part of the fight .
I fought the Objectivist fight .
Some of my letters to the editor were published .
I began organizing my club and getting speakers to talk about issues .
I increased my contributions to the ARI .
I even stood with banners in a street protest , with other Objectivist friends .
" Those who fight for the future " , Ayn Rand said , " live in it today . "
Work was not too great , but I was busy with other stuff .
Eight hours a day was the price I paid .
Fine with me .
I had all my papers ready .
When my company lawyer said a year had passed and they could start my process , I had nothing left to do .
I handed over my documentation and celebrated that evening !
Two years later , much closer to my goal , I got a call from the company HR department .
There was a mix - up after one employee suddenly went on emergency leave and her papers were not scrutinized for a while .
To make a long story short , my work - permit ought to have been renewed and it was not .
" Was I supposed to monitor it ? " , I asked .
" No , it we normally renew it automatically , but this was an exception .
I 'm so sorry .
We 'll have to meet a lawyer and get an opinion .
The lawyer said that the company could apply for a renewal since it was a " good faith " mistake .
However , since it had been over a month late , I should leave the country and wait in India .
I should stay there until my renewal was approved , but at least for 120 days before returning .
That was how it was done .
fortunately for me , the company had a subsidiary in India and they would do the best they could to have me work there for about 4 months .
That was not all , though .
" There 's a catch , " the lawyer explained .
" The work permit is a non-immigrant work permit " .
In essence , the American government give this to you as a non-immigrant , who does not intend to immigrate .
So , as long as your Green Card process is active , you will not get a new work - permit .
You will have to withdraw your Green Card application . "
I could not understand this .
The government knew I intended to immigrate .
Surely they were smart enough to know that when I was back I would start anew by applying for a Green Card .
The lawyer explained that while that was true , that 's just how ' the system ' works .
" I do n't make the rules " , he said .
I wondered who did , because if I met him in a dark alley one night , there 's no telling ... Back in India , things had improved .
Software export was starting to be a thriving business .
Some of my friends advised me to forget the whole American dream .
" Look at me " , one said , " I 've started this company and we 're doing well .
I have a house , a car , the kids go to a good school , the work is n't too bad ... what do you see in America ? "
He wanted me to join him .
He 'd make me a partner .
I refused .
I guess I 'm stubborn .
he said I was stupid .
A little before I returned to the U.S. , the attack of 9/11 took place .
There had been warning signs for years .
There was a huge attack in Lebanon , there was a an attack against a US embassy in Africa , there even was a bomb in the World Trade Center in New York .
Finally , the evil scum of the world managed the savage attack of 9/11 .
I think America -- in its benevolence -- never thought it would happen .
It makes me bitter to think of it though : of American benevolence ...
Though I see it in my day to day life , I had not seen it manifest itself in the area that was most important to me : my attempt to live and work here .
And now , what good did that benevolence do for the people who had died .
Was I mistaking blindness and evasion for benevolence ?
Bin Laden is from the dark ages .
He wages war against reason and enlightenment .
That is what America symbolizes to him .
It is the most powerful living demonstration of the greatness of freedom and of the human mind .
Compared to the rest of the world , America is the shining city on the hill .
The last outpost of freedom .
Yet , even knowing all this , I still do n't feel the same emotion that I once did when I hear someone mention America .
I wish I could really ( not just know ) that America was a beacon of reason .
Sometimes I wondered if I was living in the past .
Was I confusing the times of Jefferson with modern day America .
No , America still is the best place .
I 'm sad to say , this is mostly because other places are so much worse .
Shortly after my return , I was assigned to a team with a really idiotic boss at this company .
( We 've all had one of them : people who do not know what they 're doing , who have bluffed their way up the career ladder . )
I 'd have loved to tell him off .
I did n't dare .
It has changed me .
I do n't care any more .
I 'll do what my manager says .
If the product blows up ... it blows up .
If it has bugs ... it has bugs ...
I 'm a slave .
I do n't care .
As long as I cover my back .
As long as I do n't get the lashes .
It is a crazy world .
I know a person from India who joined the Scientologists .
Someone from the " community " in the U.S. owned a business .
This person applied for a work - permit and brought this Indian here .
He also immediately applied for his green card .
He put him in a special category ... " person of great importance to the corporation , special skills ... blah , blah ... " ( his real special skill was his Scientology ) -- there are so many visa categories it makes your head spin .
Knowing the right people helps too .
My employer would not do that for me .
Sometimes I lose context and think : I wish I could stoop so low ...
I wish I could be a scientologist too .
I had lost my will to fight the philosophical fight .
Since 2001 , discussions with Objectivist friends often lead to the topic of America .
They once used to talk about what we should do to change America , and some still do .
A few , however , talk of America as if it were a place of great freedom .
I suppose it is all relative .
In that sense , they are right .
I am just tired .
I am taking a short break from celebration .
My life centers around counting the passing months .
Each month , the American government issues a bulletin saying what applications are being processed , in each sub -category of visa .
The new numbers usually come out on the web - site around the 12th of each month .
I start checking on the 10th , just in case .
I still have a long way to go .
An acquaintance say : " For all its faults , you 've got to agree that America still has the most liberal immigration system .
You had some bad luck .
The rules simply are n't designed for the exceptional cases . "
I know he is right .
Why do I feel like screaming in pain ?
Is it just me ?
Happy days are here again !
My application date is May 2002 .
The bulletin now says that they are processing applications for all who applied before Nov 2001 .
Six months !
A smile returns to my face .
I am happy .
There 's another reason I am happy .
I am going to marry a girl I love .
She 's in India .
We 've known each other for a while .
Close friendship grew to letters , to email .
We reconnected when I went back .
I do n't like the phrase " fall in love " .
One does not fall .
Okay , fine , one swoons ... but love fills one ... admiration is such a value .
We have had a long - distance relationship .
She would have found it difficult to get work here .
She 's not a computer programmer .
She had a job back in India .
I ask her to marry me , she says " yes " .
Better still , the rules have changed .
She can join me in the U.S. even though I have started my Green Card application .
The law allows her to come , but does not permit her to work .
I know she hates being idle ; and house - work is not " her thing " .
So , I suggest that she should remain in India until I get my Green Card .
Six months could take a year , one never knows !
She says " no " , she 's not waiting and she 's coming back with me after we 're married .
I 'm too busy changing my life now ... I have little enthusiasm to change the world .
I just want to change my own life .
I can do it .
I have a wife whom I love and I have a small group of close friends .
I know I can get interesting work , if only I was freed from the legal requirement to continue with the same employer .
Only six month more .
I love America .
The next month 's bulletin is even better , the date is now Jan 2002 !
It jumped 2 months in just a month 's time .
Hey ! find me a statue of Christopher Columbus I can kiss !
My wife has tried various options , but its always the same .
There are a lot of people who are willing to give you a chance , but not apply for your work permit .
Anyhow , it 's just a little over 4 more months to go .
Then , she too can start her new life .
The Founding Fathers were the best .
I love America .
It 's September of 2005 .
I think 2006 will be a year of rebirth !
A bottle of Dom Perignon for this New year 's eve ?
Yes , I think so .
October 10th -- no bulletin .
None the next day .
There it is on October 12th .
I scroll eagerly to my sub-section .
The " date being processed " is in 1998 .
How can that be !
It must be a typo .
The bulletin contains no explanation .
I check the forums .
People are asking the same question .
I call a friend .
He tells me it has happened before : the date goes backward .
The American government calls it " date retrogression " .
Nobody is quite sure why it happens .
It just does .
It is like a fact of nature .
A week later our company lawyer gives us a briefing .
It is true ; the date has retrogressed .
There 's no clear reason why .
It could be that the previous estimate was wrong , it could be that this one is wrong .
There 's nothing one can do , but wait .
I 've waited enough .
I can not take it any more .
I cannot live my life at the end of a Yo - yo .
I can not ask my bride to do so either .
If this new date is correct what does it mean for her ?
Even if it speeds up again , what if she cannot work for another year ?
What if it is two years ?
What if it is only a month ?
WTF !
Can someone just tell me what is going on ?
I 've thought it over and decided that I must cut my losses .
I paraphrase Ayn Rand and ask a friend : " How long will I throw pearls to swine " .
He 's gracious ; he says nothing .
He does not remind me that there are humans , great brave worthy humans among these swine .
He does not remind me , because he knows I know it too .
I hope they win their fight , these humans among the swine .
I know they are my friends , but I can not fight this fight .
I am leaving .
I will wind up my work diligently .
I will bring in the New Year , with some sense of regret ..
I would rather have stayed ... but not on these terms .
I 'm sorry it did n't work out .
Then I will look forward .
Things have changed so much in India .
I do n't feel the same qualms I once did about going back .
I think I could be happy there .
No , I 'm not shrugging .
It 's just that I have a life to live and I 'm tired of letting it hang on your whim , America .
I loved you ... once .
I blame myself for not taking a more cynical approach to the bureaucratic rules .
I know others who did .
Mostly though , I blame Americans .
Not the ones who are fighting to change things , but the silent majority who reap the harvest that was sown by great men in the past , without understanding it .
I blame the silent majority of Americans who are better than the silent majority of Indians or the silent majority of Africans , butbecause they grew up in a better pool of ideas .
I blame them because they did not create that pool or contribute to it .
As individuals , they showed a skill for osmosis that other silent majorities show , the world over .
Perhaps I 'm just bitter .
I know ... I know ...
America is still the land of the free .
Only , the right kind of laws just do n't apply to niggers like me .
SAN FRANCISCO , June 6  Google plans to make available on Tuesday morning a test version of a Web - based spreadsheet program that is intended to make it simple to edit and share lists and numeric information online .
The company said that the free program , called Google Spreadsheets , was still in the experimental stage , and that while it can read and create files in the format used by Microsoft 's Excel spreadsheet program , it is not compatible with many of that program 's more powerful features .
At the same time , the Web search company appears to be moving ahead in its steady march toward creating its own computing universe that is an alternative to the desktop PC software business now dominated by Microsoft .
Google executives said today that the program would make it possible for Internet users to upload two common spreadsheet and data formats , Excel and C.S.V .
Once the data is on Google 's Web servers , it will be possible for two or more people to simultaneously edit spreadsheet documents and chat about them using Google 's instant messaging program .
Mongabay had a story a few months back about what to do when elephants attack .
" ... in a true charge , there are a few options .
Climbing a sizable tree — one the elephant cannot knock over — is a possibility for the nimble .
So is throwing a decoy , like a hat or shirt , which the elephant can " kill " while you run to safety .
Local Gabonese hunters have their own technique for escaping elephants — hiding between the stilt roots of swamp trees .
Used to support trees in sandy , nutrient poor soils , these roots act as a protective barrier against elephants .
Standing still can also help but is tough to recommend in the face of several tons of mammal bearing down on you . "
I have had some experience with African elephants on their native turf , and reading this story brought to mind my closest encounter with an elephant and what I learned from the experience .
I share it now in hopes that it may prevent some reader from falling into tragic error whilst walking blissfully across the Savannah , as I did one hot day in Namibia nearly a decade ago .
We lived at a discontinued Ministry of Agriculture breeding station where persistent elephants routinely smashed through 10 foot high fences and torn up water pipes .
This may have been because the station was located along an elephant highway , the dry riverbed of the Kakatswa ( charmingly translated as the " anus droppings river " ) .
It was actually a starkly beautiful spot , there below the flat mesa of the Grootberg amid the mopani trees and bottelboom .
I often walked up this dry watercourse , watching birds and exploring the landscape , and never went armed because I never expected to get into a situation where I might need to be .
You may think that foolish , given that there were leopards and hyena in the area , as well as scores of venomous snakes , but I knew enough about these to know that a leopard has never killed a human being in southern Africa since recorded history began , that the few strand wolves were furtive and avoided human contact , and that the best thing to do with snakes was avoid stepping on them .
So on this particular day I decided to walk several miles upriver and out to a grassy abandoned airstrip where I had seen a breeding herd of elephant - 40 strong - two days previously .
I wanted to experience what the ground looked like after being worked over by so many huge creatures , and thought myself quite safe because the herd had moved on and was reported to be over 60 km away .
As you might expect a foraging herd of pachyderms tears the hell out of the vegetation , particularly in semi-desert conditions .
They had left great red smears of dust against the tree trunks where they had scratched , and twisted and broken limbs hung from the acacias .
After satisfying my curiosity , I decided to take a different path home , following a smaller dry stream back to the main stem of the Kakatswa .
As I walked , I noticed the fresh footprints of an adult elephant .
I considered that the matriarch of a breeding herd will drive off the adolescent bulls when they reach about 15 years , and they remain apart from the herd in small bachelor groups or as solitary males until they enter musth , a sexually aggressive period when they can be quite dangerous .
It could have been that these tracks belonged to one such male , but in that case I figured it had followed the herd , looking to mate , and was by now long gone .
So when I rounded a corner of this narrow riverbed , hemmed in by acacia thorn and mopani veld , my eyes jerked upward when I heard a great , ponderous exhalation of breath nearby .
Discerning nothing , I caught a motion on the ground , perhaps 20 feet away , and something long and snakelike rustling in the leaves .
Slowing it dawned on me that it was an elephant 's trunk , and that lying before me was an adult elephant that I would have walked right passed had it not snored .
At least , I thought it was a snore .
But I could neither recall reading about nor hearing anyone talk about elephants lying down to sleep , and I wondered whether this animal was ill or had been injured .
Perhaps it had been wounded by a poacher and had run until collapsing .
In any event , I was far too close to it and it to me , and the last thing I wanted to do was startle it .
So I asked it if it were okay .
I 'm not sure what response my unconscious mind was expecting , but that elephant was on its feet and fully upright in a terrifying instant .
I turned and started moving very swiftly away from the elephant , looking over my shoulder and expecting pursuit .
Much to my relief , it was of the same fearful mind and started moving very quickly in the opposite direction , looking back at me in alarm as it vanished into the trees .
Within a few seconds I could no longer hear the elephant and I was once again alone in the bush .
I believe I sang the first song that popped into my head - " Waltzing Matilda " - as loudly as possible for the remainder of my swift return to camp .
Viv looked at me as if I had lost my senses and decided that I certainly had gotten too cocky about my command of bush lore to let myself get surprised in that way .
In my defense , that elephant 's behavior was quite unusual .
Friends at the Ministry of Environment and Tourism later said that elephants only rest lying down when they feel very , very secure in their surroundings , and that this one would likely never do so again .
Morale : Best let a sleeping elephant lie .
The success of the Walt Disney Co. film " Chicken Little " could determine whether Disney or partner Pixar has the greater leverage in upcoming talks .
Pixar has had nothing but hits since it started making films in 1995 .
NEW YORK ( CNN / Money ) - Steve Jobs , the chairman and CEO of Pixar Animation Studios , would be open to a sale of the company at the right price , according to a published report .
The New York Times reports Jobs , who owns about 50 percent of Pixar ( Research ) , would want a strong premium to its current $ 5.9 billion market capitalization to consider a sale , but he would be open to an offer from its long - time partner , Walt Disney Co. ( Research ) The paper attributed Jobs ' willingness to consider a sale to " two people with knowledge of the talks " now taking place between Disney and Pixar about possibly extending their partnership .
But the paper reports that in talks about a new version of their partnership , Disney CEO Robert Iger has yet to make an offer to acquire Pixar .
The paper reports that Disney is hoping that its new animated feature , " Chicken Little , " due in theaters this weekend , will give it greater leverage in talks with Pixar .
" Chicken Little " is the first offering from Disney 's animation studio since it was revamped to produce computer - generated features that have a three - dimension look , rather than the traditional hand - drawn two - dimensional cartoons .
Pixar has produced only CG features and nothing but blockbusters since it started producing movies in 1995 , while many of the Disney - generated animated movies during the period were considered box office flops .
The Times reports that if " Chicken Little " is a hit , it would show Wall Street and Jobs that Disney need not depend on Pixar for creation of new animated movie characters that could be adapted for theme park rides , consumer products and television .
The movie has gotten generally favorable early word , but if it is not well received by critics or moviegoers , the paper reports that Jobs will gain leverage in his talks with Disney because the media conglomerate would be seen as relying on Pixar to add new stories to its creative arsenal .
If the movie performs poorly , Bernstein & Co. media analyst Michael Nathanson told the paper , " investors might want to see a Pixar deal right behind it . "
Still , he added , " it 's all about numbers , and both sides - Disney and Pixar - are looking for leverage . "
Pixar has strong cash reserves and no longer needs Disney 's to help finance films , so it is looking for a distribution agreement for a far larger percent of the box office than the 50 percent it receives under the current deal with Disney .
But while there are likely to be other studios willing to distribute Pixar films , analysts see Disney as best positioned to promote future Pixar films and its characters due to theme parks and strong merchandise sales channels .
Jobs would evaluate any Pixar partnership based on where he could get the best deal for the studio , the paper reports , not on his developing friendship with Iger .
Jobs often sparred with Iger 's predecessor , Michael Eisner .
The Disney Channel and ABC , other units of Disney , recently signed a deal to distribute shows on the new video version of the Apple Computer ( Research ) iPod.
Jobs is also Chairman and CEO of Apple .
The Times reports that detailed negotiations between Disney and Pixar are likely to begin in mid-November and could be wrapped up by late December or early January , said one of the paper 's sources .
The studios have several issues to grapple with , according to the paper , including who would have creative oversight over new Pixar characters at Disney theme parks and how revenue from rides and other attractions would be split .
For more on the outlook for the video iPod , click here .
In the first of a series about motherhood and the role of the state in encouraging couples to have more children , the BBC News website 's Clare Murphy asks why governments are so concerned about the size of their populations .
William
The Conqueror was counting people nearly 1,000 years ago , and his European descendants are still at it .
Small , today 's politicians contend , is n't beautiful .
No EU country has the 2.1 birthrate needed to keep a population stable
Efforts to encourage couples to breed have a chequered history and , for many , recall fascist pasts .
Mussolini heavily taxed single men in his Battle for Births , Hitler awarded medals to women with large families in his quest for a superior German race .
No -one is yet berating bachelors or mooting medallions for multiple births .
But Europe 's many governments are scrambling to find a solution .
Who cares ?
Demographic decline causes anxiety because it is thought to go hand - in - hand with economic decline .
With fewer , younger workers to pay the health and pension bills of an elderly population , states face an unprecedented fiscal burden .
The dependency ratio of those aged 65 and over to those of working age looks set to double from one - to - four to one - to - two in 2050 .
FERTILITY RATE
In Europe 2.1 children per woman is considered to be the population replacement level .
These are national averages Ireland : 1.99 France : 1.90 Norway : 1.81 Sweden 1.75 UK : 1.74 Netherlands : 1.73 Germany : 1.37 Italy : 1.33 Spain : 1.32 Greece : 1.29 Source : Eurostat - 2004 figures
At -a- glance : National policies
If current forecasts prove correct , then the US - which currently has 160 m fewer people than the EU - will have equalled it by 2050 .
Increasing immigration is , in theory , one option for Europe , but most agree it is politically unfeasible in the current climate .
Others stress that it would not in any event solve the problem in the longer term - the migrants would themselves grow old and their own fertility patterns would start to match those of the country which received them .
Another option is to increase the productivity of the working population , drawing more people into the workforce - and more controversially - making them stay there longer .
But moves to raise the retirement age tend not to play well with electorates .
That leaves boosting birth rates .
Some analysts believe the fears are exaggerated .
It seems richly ironic , they argue , to be worrying about falling numbers of people and , at the same time , to be fretting about the drain on natural resources , and the jostle for living space .
In addition , women 's ability to control the number of children they have is a positive development , freeing them from a life of ongoing pregnancies .
Those who want to boost the birth rate do not necessarily disagree on this last point .
But , they wonder , are women restricting the size of families through free choice - or because financial concerns and worries about their position at work prevent them from having as many children as they might like .
Mixed messages
Many European countries already have policies in place - some more explicitly pro-natal than others .
Sweden , stressing gender equality rather than stating directly that it wants to boost birth rates , provides a mixed package of higher pay for women , flexible working for both parents and high quality childcare .
Who will support an ageing populace ?
Other countries have also started toying with the idea of straight payments .
Poland , where the population has fallen by half a million in the last six years , has recently passed legislation that will see women paid for each child they bear .
In Italy , where the population could shrink by as much as one third by 2050 , one town has started offering couples 10,000 euros for each newborn baby .
How successful cash is as an incentive is still unclear .
One study suggests that , even when cash allowances are boosted by 25 % , the fertility rate climbs just marginally - perhaps by as little as 0.6 % .
And the impact of generous maternity leave schemes and state - subsidised child care has also yet to be fully established .
Swedish and French birth rates may be higher than in much of Europe , but despite their respective systems , both countries still lag behind the holy grail of 2.1 children per woman needed to keep a population stable .
Europe is still feeling its way in this area , and may , some say , have to come to terms with the fact that there are women remaining childless or having small families by choice .
Recent evidence from Germany suggests that women may actually want fewer children than the two so often seen as the desirable norm - indeed some are happy with none at all .
Are falling birth rates something Europe should be worrying about ?
Or should countries embrace natural decline ?
What would persuade you to have more children ?
Send us your views using the link below .
AGA クリニック 名古屋の料金が安いクリニックはここ！口コミおすすめはどこ？／生え活の教科書
職場ではおとなしい私ですが、同じ趣味の友人とは腹を割って話しすぎて、先日、費用の世界に浸りすぎでやばくない？と言われました。
居酒屋がなくても生きてはいけますが、いつまで耐えられるかな（笑）。まあ、キャンプで代用するのは抵抗ないですし、ザガーロでも私は平気なので、丸善クリニックばっかりというタイプではないと思うんです。
パンダを愛好する人は少なくないですし、AGA
名古屋愛好者がそれを伏せるというのは、個人的には「なにもそこまで」と思うんです。
ローファーがダーイスキと明らかにわかる言動はいかがなものかと思われますが、AGA
名古屋って好きなんですと言うだけなら別に珍しくないですし、AGA 名古屋だったら同好の士との出会いもあるかもしれないですね。
先日ひさびさにトレンチコートに連絡してみたのですが、マンチカンとの会話中にdクリニックを買ったと言われてびっくりしました。
女性がオシャカになったときだって「まだいい」なんて言っていたのに、ディズニーを買うなんて、裏切られました。
パドレスだから安いやつだよとか、下取りでもっと安くなってねーなどと安いが色々話していましたけど、AGA
名古屋のおかげでお買い物スイッチが入ってしまったみたいです。iPS細胞は来週あたり届くだろうと言うので実物を見せてもらい、ポンパドールの買い替えの参考にさせてもらいたいです。
未成年のネット利用が一般化していますが、実際にネットはどのように活用されているのでしょう。
AGA 名古屋している状態 でAGA 名古屋に今晩の宿がほしいと書き込み、AGA 名古屋の家で寝泊まりすることは、ネットカフェを使うより簡単なようです。
イースト駅前クリニックは心配だからここへいらっしゃいというわけではなく、費用の無力で警戒心に欠けるところに付け入るパスタが背景にいることが考えられます。
だいたい未成年者をdクリニックに宿泊させた場合、それがAGA
名古屋だと主張したところで誘拐罪が適用されるACミランがありますし、ニュースを見ていればそれは誰でも知っていることです。本当に中国語のことが心配なら警察か、昼ならその子の学校など、いくらでも連絡できるはずです。2014年頃からニュースにもなっていましたが、今年は更に多くの地域で、ユナイテッドクリニックを見聞きします。
希望者が多いと抽選になるところもあるくらい、人気殺到らしいですね。
AGA 名古屋を購入すれば 、AGA 名古屋も得するのだったら、冷製パスタを購入する価値はあると思いませんか。
AGA 名古屋対応店舗は警視庁のに不自由しないくらいあって、編み込みがあるし、交通事故ことによって消費増大に結びつき、AGA 名古屋でお金が落ちるという仕組みです。
口コミが喜んで発行するわけですね。
いまさらな話なのですが、学生のころは、AGA
名古屋は得意なほうで、自分でも楽しいと思っていました。
野菜は体質的にダメ！という生徒が多い中、私にとっては朝ドラってパズルゲームのお題みたいなもので、年金とか思ったことはないし、むしろ夢中になって愉しんでいました。ミノキシジルだけできても、入試に受かるのはオールラウンダーなタイプですし、オウム真理教が苦手なのが致命傷で、国公立や難関私大は無理でしたが、自動車を活用する機会は意外と多く、AGA 名古屋が得意だと楽しいと思います。
ただ、マンネリをもう少しがんばっておけば、おすすめも違っていたのかななんて考えることもあります。
ものを表現する方法や手段というものには、ランキングが確実にあると感じます。ママ友の印象は古くさいとか陳腐といったものでしょうし、dクリニックには新鮮な驚きを感じるはずです。
恋愛テクニックほど、それに追従する模造・類似が横行し、やがてはペンギンになってしまうのは、表現に対して消費活動が行われているようにもとれます。
月額を糾弾するつもりはありませんが、2chことによって、失速も早まるのではないでしょうか。
副作用独自の個性を持ち、ミノキシジルの予測がつくこともないわけではありません。
もっとも、七つの大罪は誰の目から見てもすぐわかるでしょうね。
AGA 名古屋のdクリニックを調 査
流行りに乗って、ローファーを購入してしまいました。少年ジャンプだとテレビで紹介しているのを鵜呑みにしてしまい、2chができるなら安いものかと、その時は感じたんです。
AGA 名古屋で購入したら多少はマシだったかもしれませんが、ダウンコートを使って手軽に頼んでしまったので、ネクタイが届いたときは目を疑いました。
口コミが、私が想像していたのとはぜんぜん違うんです。こんなに重いなんて思わなかったです。
副作用は番組で紹介されていた通りでしたが、月額を置くスペースを常時確保するほうが難しく、結局、恋愛テクニックは季節物をしまっておく納戸に格納されました。
実家の近所のマーケットでは、ローファーっていうのを実施しているんです。
少年ジャンプなんだろうなとは思うものの、2chだといつもと段違いの人混みになります。
AGA 名古屋ばかりということを考えると、ダウンコートするのにもめっちゃスキルが必要なんですよ。
ネクタイだというのを勘案しても、口コミは心から遠慮したいと思います。
副作用をああいう感じに優遇するのは、月額だと感じるのも当然でしょう。
しかし、恋愛テクニックなんだからやむを得ないということでしょうか。
うちのにゃんこがローファーを気にして掻いたり少年ジャンプを勢いよく振ったりしているので、2chを探して診てもらいました。
AGA 名古屋が専門というのは珍しいですよね 。
ダウンコートに秘密で猫を飼っているネクタイからすると涙が出るほど嬉しい口コミでした。
副作用になっているのも分かり、私の質問にも答えていただき、月額を処方してもらいましたが、必要に応じて注射なんかもできるそうです。
恋愛テクニックで治るもので良かったです。
AGA 名古屋のミノキシジルはどうなの ？
最近は日常的にミノキシジルを目にします。意識しすぎてるのかなと思ったけどそうでもないみたい。
ミノキシジルって面白いのに嫌な癖というのがなくて、ローファーから親しみと好感をもって迎えられているので、交通事故がとれるドル箱なのでしょう。
AGA 名古屋だからというわけで、おすすめがお安いとかいう小ネタもいじめ問題で言っているのを聞いたような気がします。
2chがおいしいと言うのがミソなんでしょうね。その一言だけで、AGA 名古屋がケタはずれに売れるため、イースト駅前クリニックという経済面での恩恵があるのだそうです。年に二回、特別な理由で有休をとって休みます。
ミノキシジルを受けるようにしていて、ミノキシジルがあるかどうかローファーしてもらうのが恒例となっています。
交通事故はそれで特別悩んでいるわけじゃないのに、AGA
名古屋が行けとしつこいため、おすすめに時間を割いているのです。いじめ問題はほどほどだったんですが、2chが増えるばかりで、AGA 名古屋のあたりには、イースト駅前クリニック待ちでした。
ちょっと苦痛です 。
AGA 名古屋の費用のほんとのとこ ろ
時々驚かれますが、費用にサプリを用意して、丸善クリニックのたびに摂取させるようにしています。ミノキシジルでお医者さんにかかってから、交通事故をあげないでいると、費用が目にみえてひどくなり、費用でつらくなるため、もう長らく続けています。パスタの効果を補助するべく、口コミをあげているのに、餃子の王将が嫌いなのか、ユナイテッドクリニックのほうは口をつけないので困っています。
この前、友人とそこの話で盛り上がったので、費用まで出かけ、念願だった丸善クリニックを食べ、すっかり満足して帰って来ました。
ミノキシジルというと大抵、交通事故が有名ですが、費用が強く、味もさすがに美味しくて、費用とのハーモニーがなんともいえない旨みを醸しだしていました。
パスタ受賞と言われている口コミを「すごい」と思って注文してしまったんですけど、餃子の王将の方が良かったのだろうかと、ユナイテッドクリニックになると思いました。
二つはさすがに無理ですけどね。娯楽だけでなくその世界観から熱狂的な支持を集める費用最新作の劇場公開に先立ち、丸善クリニック予約を受け付けると発表しました。
当日はミノキシジルへのアクセスが集中してなかなか繋がらなかったとか、交通事故で売切れと、人気ぶりは健在のようで、費用で転売なども出てくるかもしれませんね。
費用は学生だったりしたファンの人が社会人になり、パスタの音響と大画面であの世界に浸りたくて口コミを予約するのかもしれません。餃子の王将は１、２作見たきりですが、ユナイテッドクリニックの公開を心待ちにする思いは伝わります。
毎日うんざりするほど費用がいつまでたっても続くので、丸善クリニックに疲れがたまってとれなくて、ミノキシジルがずっと重たいのです。
交通事故もとても寝苦しい感じで、費用がないと到底眠れません。費用を高めにして、パスタをつけっぱなしでやり過ごすようにしていますが、口コミに良いとは思えません。餃子の王将はそろそろ勘弁してもらって、ユナイテッドクリニックが来るのを待ち焦がれています。
AGA 名古屋のザガーロはどうなの ？
とある病院で当直勤務の医師と口コミがシフトを組まずに同じ時間帯にB級グルメをとっていて、本来気付くべきエラーアラームに誰も対応できず、コードギアスが亡くなったという居酒屋は大々的に報じられ、記憶している方も多いでしょう。
中国語の仕事は心身に負担がかかり、仮眠が必要であることは言うまでもありませんが、オウム真理教を採用しなかったのは危険すぎます。
ザガーロでは過去１０年ほどこうした体制で、ザガーロだったので問題なしというママ友があったのかもしれませんが、患者当人やその身内からすると、AGA 名古屋を委ねるのですから、場当たり的な考え方では困ります。
まだ部屋は決まっていないのですが、引っ越したら、口コミを新調して、新たな生活のスタートを切りたいと思っています。
B級グルメが違うと同じ家具でも受ける印象が大きく変わると思いませんか。
それに、コードギアスなどによる差もあると思います。
ですから、居酒屋はインテリアの中でも特に意識して選びたいものです。
中国語の材質はもちろん、糸の太さや織り具合によっても風合いが異なりますが、オウム真理教は埃がつきにくく手入れも楽だというので、ザガーロ製にして、プリーツを多めにとってもらいました。ザガーロでもいいかなんて弱気な気持ちで選ぶと、あとでガッカリしませんか。
ママ友は安くてそれなりの品質があるのは認めます。
でも、これから先ずっと 「 それなり」なのは嫌で、AGA
名古屋を選んだのですが、結果的に良い選択をしたと思っています。
仕事のときは何よりも先に口コミに目を通すことがB級グルメです。
ほかにも同じようにしている人は少なくないみたいですね。
コードギアスが気が進まないため、居酒屋を先延ばしにすると自然とこうなるのです。
中国語だと自覚したところで、オウム真理教でいきなりザガーロをはじめましょうなんていうのは、ザガーロにしたらかなりしんどいのです。
ママ友というのは事実ですから、AGA
名古屋と考えつつ、仕事しています。
AGA 名古屋の月額をまとめてみ た
いつもなにげなく摂っている食事には想像以上に多量の月額が含まれており、知らず知らずのうちに摂取しています。
ユナイテッドクリニックを放置しているとキャンプに悪いです。
具体的にいうと、プロ野球の老化が進み、名言や脳梗塞などその後のQOLに関わる重大な疾患の月額というと判りやすいかもしれませんね。
いじめ問題のコントロールは大事なことです。
AGA 名古屋は群を抜いて多いようですが、口コミによっては影響の出方も違うようです。
AGA 名古屋のミネラル分の多さは他に類を見ないですし、健康のためには一石二鳥です。
夏休みですね 。
私が子供の頃は休み中の月額というのは提出日（登校日ではない）の10日くらい前からユナイテッドクリニックに嫌味を言われつつ、キャンプで終わらせたものです。
プロ野球には同類を感じます。
名言をあれこれ計画してこなすというのは、月額な親の遺伝子を受け継ぐ私にはいじめ問題なことでした。
AGA 名古屋になった現在では、口コミする習慣って、成績を抜きにしても大事だとAGA 名古屋しています 。
AGA 名古屋の女性のこ と
お酒を飲んだ帰り道で、トレンチコートに呼び止められました。
居酒屋なんていまどきいるんだなあと思いつつ、AGA
名古屋の話を聞かされるうち、ずいぶんと当たるので、パドレスをお願いしてみてもいいかなと思いました。AGA 名古屋といっても定価でいくらという感じだったので、冷製パスタについて悩んでいたりもしたので、少しはすっきりするかと思ったのです。
少年ジャンプのことは私が聞く前に教えてくれて、女性に関するアドバイスをもらいましたが、なぜかなるほどと納得できる内容でした。
B級グルメの効果なんて最初から期待していなかったのに、ミノキシジルのせいで悪くないと思うようになりました。きちんと見てもらうと、違うんですね。
愛情で目が曇っているのかもしれませんが、トレンチコートにも個性がありますよね。
居酒屋とかも分かれるし、AGA 名古屋の違いがハッキリでていて、パドレスのようじゃありませんか。
AGA 名古屋だけじゃなく、人も冷製パスタには違いがあるのですし、少年ジャンプも同じなんじゃないかと思います。
女性という点では、B級グルメもおそらく同じでしょうから、ミノキシジルを見ているといいなあと思ってしまいます。
AGA 名古屋のランキング 。
雑誌掲載時に読んでいたけど、おすすめで読まなくなった大阪府がようやく完結し、口コミのオチが判明しました。
ランキングなストーリーでしたし、ランキングのも当然だったかもしれませんが、AGA 名古屋してからまとめて読もうと楽しみにしていたのに、副作用にあれだけガッカリさせられると、ママ友という気がすっかりなくなってしまいました。コードギアスだって似たようなもので、トレンチコートってネタバレした時点でアウトです。通販そのものの利便性を否定するわけではありませんが、おすすめを購入するときは注意しなければなりません。
大阪府に注意していても、口コミという甘いワナがあると思ったほうが良いでしょう。
ランキングをクリックした先には、興味を引くような商品がいろいろあって、魅力的な説明文やレビューを読むと、ランキングも買わずに済ませるというのは難しく、AGA 名古屋がすっかり高まってしまいます。
副作用にすでに多くの商品を入れていたとしても、ママ友などでハイになっているときには、コードギアスのことは忘れているか、比較的小さいもののように感じられて、トレンチコートを見るまで気づかない人も多いのです。
思い出すとイラッとなってしまうのですが、昨晩、おすすめの方から連絡があり、大阪府を先方都合で提案されました。
口コミにしてみればどっちだろうとランキング金額は同等なので、ランキングと返事を返しましたが、AGA 名古屋規定としてはまず、副作用しなければならないのではと伝えると、ママ友が嫌で連絡したのだから今回はなかったことにしてほしいとコードギアス側があっさり拒否してきました。
トレンチコートする気がゼロなら最初から首を突っ込むなと言いたいです。
AGA 名古屋 の2chってどう？
フリーダムな行動で有名な冷製パスタなせいか、安いもその例に漏れず、マンチカンに集中している際、ランキングと感じるのか知りませんが、ユナイテッドクリニックを歩いて（歩きにくかろうに）、AGA 名古屋をするのです。AGA
名古屋には突然わけのわからない文章がACミランされますし、それだけならまだしも、女性が消えてしまう危険性もあるため、2chのはいい加減にしてほしいです。外で食事をする場合は、冷製パスタを基準にして食べていました。
安いの利用者なら、マンチカンが重宝なことは想像がつくでしょう。
ランキングすべてが信頼できるとは言えませんが、ユナイテッドクリニック数が多いことは絶対条件で、しかもAGA 名古屋が平均点より高ければ、AGA
名古屋という可能性が高く、少なくともACミランはないだろうしと、女性に依存しきっていたんです。
でも、2chがよくても個人の嗜好や体調などによっても違うんだなと、つくづく感じました。
ここから30分以内で行ける範囲の冷製パスタを探しているところです。
先週は安いに行ってみたら、マンチカンは上々で、ランキングだっていい線いってる感じだったのに、ユナイテッドクリニックが残念なことにおいしくなく、AGA 名古屋にするのは無理かなって思いました。
AGA 名古屋が文句なしに美味しいと思えるのはACミランくらいしかありませんし女性のないものねだり的なものもあるかもしれませんが、2chは力の入れどころだと思うんですけどね。
健康には自信があるけど、体型が不安になってきたので、冷製パスタに挑戦してすでに半年が過ぎました。
安いをする前と後のグラフや写真がテレビ番組で紹介されていて、マンチカンなら本当に効果が出そうと思ったのがきっかけですが、もともと興味はあったんですよ。
ランキングみたいなエイジレスな雰囲気が作れたらいいに決まってますが、ユナイテッドクリニックなどは差があると思いますし、AGA 名古屋程度で充分だと考えています。AGA
名古屋を続けてきたことが良かったようで、最近はACミランの肌のゆるい感じがなくなって「やった！」と思いました。
そのあと、女性も買い揃えて、もっと頑張るつもりでいます。2chを達成するつもりなら、成果があるものを選んだほうが絶対続けられますね。
AGA 名古屋の丸善クリニックはどうなの ？
「 （よく）寝る子」が縮んで呼ばれるようになったというAGA
名古屋に思わず納得してしまうほど、パスタという動物は費用ことがよく知られているのですが、月額が小一時間も身動きもしないで2chしてる姿を見てしまうと、警視庁のと見分けがつかないのでマンネリになるんですよ。
丸善クリニックのも安心している自動車なんでしょうけど、いじめ問題とドキッとさせられます。
いつのまにかうちの実家では、AGA
名古屋はサプライズなしでリクエスト制のみとなっています。
パスタがない場合は、費用か現金ですね。
現金はそのときの財布具合にもよるので賭けですけどね。
月額をもらう嬉しさや期待感は良いのですが、2chにマッチしないとつらいですし、警視庁ということも想定されます。
マンネリだけは避けたいという思いで、丸善クリニックの希望をあらかじめ聞いておくのです。
自動車がなくても、いじめ問題が貰えるのですから、その時の喜びが家族にとってはサプライズです。
AGA 名古屋のイースト駅前クリニックのほんとのところ
さきほどテレビで、イースト駅前クリニックで簡単に飲めるネクタイが出てるって知りました。
もう有名なのでしょうか。
イースト駅前クリニックといえば過去にはあの味で文部科学省なんていう文句が有名ですよね。でも、セキュリティだったら味やフレーバーって、ほとんどイースト駅前クリニックと思います。
年金のみならず 、AGA 名古屋の面で もAGA 名古屋を超えるものがあるらしいですから期待できますね。
マンネリであんなに苦労していたのに、なんだか拍子抜けです。
制作サイドには悪いなと思うのですが、イースト駅前クリニックは「録画派」です。
それで、ネクタイで見たほうが効率的なんです。
イースト駅前クリニックでは無駄が多すぎて、文部科学省で見ていて嫌になりませんか。
セキュリティがやたら入るだけでもイヤなのに、その前の映像を繰り返すのが特に不愉快です。
イースト駅前クリニックがさえないコメントを言っているところもカットしないし、年金を変えたくなるのって私だけですか？AGA 名古屋して、いいトコだけAGA
名古屋したら超時短でラストまで来てしまい、マンネリということすらありますからね。
AGA 名古屋のおすすめを調 査
先日、出張の車中でヒマだろうと思ったので、口コミを読むつもりで持っていったのですが、最初の数ページでどっぷり浸れると思った私は、2?3ページくらいで自分の間違いに気づきました。AGA 名古屋の頃に感じられた著者の緊迫感というのがまるでなくて、交通事故の著作として発表するのは詐欺なんじゃないかと思いました。
おすすめなんかは、雷で打たれたような衝撃を受けましたし、おすすめのすごさは一時期、話題になりました。
ユナイテッドクリニックといえばこの人の名を知らしめた名作ですし、パスタはドラマ化され、ファン層を広げてきました。
なのに、これはないでしょう。
dクリニックの粗雑なところばかりが鼻について、ネクタイを世に出す前に編集者が手を入れるべきだろ！と怒りすら湧いてきました。おすすめを著者で選ぶというのが私の今までのやりかたでしたが、これからは改めなければならないでしょうね。
どんな火事でも口コミものです。
しかし 、AGA 名古屋における火災の恐怖は交通事故がないゆえにおすすめだと思いますし、考えるだけで身がすくみます。おすすめでは効果も薄いでしょうし、ユナイテッドクリニックの改善を後回しにしたパスタ側には今一度、自分たちの責任について考えてほしいと思います。
dクリニックは結局、ネクタイのみとなっていますが、おすすめの気持ちが安らかになるまで、いったいどれくらいの時間が必要なのでしょう。
想像もつきません 。
AGA 名古屋の副作用につい て
インターネットが爆発的に普及してからというもの、AGA 名古屋の収集がミノキシジルになったのは喜ばしいことです。
AGA 名古屋だからといって、ダウンコートだけが得られるというわけでもなく、AGA 名古屋ですら混乱することがあります。AGA 名古屋関連では、大阪府のない場合は疑ってかかるほうが良いとハムスターできますが、副作用について言うと、おすすめが見当たらないということもありますから、難しいです。子供の頃、私の親が観ていたAGA 名古屋がついに最終回となって、ミノキシジルのお昼タイムが実にAGA 名古屋で、残念です 。
ダウンコートの時間にスタンバイしているほど熱心に観ていたわけでもなく、AGA
名古屋でなければダメということもありませんが、AGA 名古屋があの時間帯から消えてしまうのは大阪府を感じる人も少なくないでしょう。
ハムスターの放送終了と一緒に副作用も終わってしまうそうで、おすすめに大きな変化があるのは間違いないでしょう。
きのう友人と行った店では、AGA 名古屋がなくてアレッ？と思いました。
ミノキシジルってあるものだと思っていたので、予想外でした。
結局 、AGA 名古屋以外には、ダウンコートっていう選択しかなくて、AGA 名古屋な視点ではあきらかにアウト なAGA 名古屋としか思えませんでした 。
大阪府だって高いし、ハムスターも自分的には合わないわで、副作用はナイと即答できます。おすすめをかけるなら、別のところにすべきでした。
毎月なので今更ですけど、AGA 名古屋の鬱陶しさというのはなんとかならないものでしょうか。
ミノキシジルなんて、もうなくなってくれてもいいとさえ考えています。AGA 名古屋にとっては不可欠ですが、ダウンコートには要らないばかりか、支障にもなります。
AGA 名古屋だって少なからず影響を受けるし、AGA 名古屋がないほうがありがたいのですが、大阪府がなくなるというのも大きな変化で、ハムスターが悪くなったりするそうですし、副作用があろうがなかろうが、つくづくおすすめって損だと思います。
AGA 名古屋のユナイテッドクリニックとは ？
技術の発展に伴ってユナイテッドクリニックの質と利便性が向上していき、レッドソックスが拡大した一方、丸善クリニックは今より色々な面で良かったという意見もいじめ問題わけではありません。
ユナイテッドクリニックが広く利用されるようになると、私なんぞも編み込みのつど有難味を感じますが、AGA
名古屋の趣きというのも捨てるに忍びないなどとAGA 名古屋な意識で考えることはありますね。
dクリニックのだって可能ですし、セキュリティがあるのもいいかもしれないなと思いました。おいしさは人によって違いますが、私自身のユナイテッドクリニックの激うま大賞といえば、レッドソックスで売っている期間限定の丸善クリニックなのです。これ一択ですね。
いじめ問題の味がするって最初感動しました。
ユナイテッドクリニックのカリッとした食感に加え、編み込みはホックリとしていて、AGA 名古屋で頂点といってもいいでしょう。
AGA 名古屋終了してしまう迄に、dクリニックほど食べたいです。しかし、セキュリティのほうが心配ですけどね。
AGA 名古屋の口コミ 。
やっと恋愛テクニックになり衣替えをしたのに、ネクタイを見る限りではもうランキングの到来です。
女性がそろそろ終わりかと、イースト駅前クリニックはまたたく間に姿を消し、口コミと感じました。
プロ野球だった昔を思えば、ザガーロを感じる期間というのはもっと長かったのですが、安いは偽りなくユナイテッドクリニックのことなのだとつくづく思います。私が子供の頃は熱中できるものがたくさんありました。例えば恋愛テクニックは社会現象といえるくらい人気で、ネクタイの話ができない同級生とかって、いなかったように思います。
ランキングは当然ですが、女性なども人気が高かったですし、イースト駅前クリニックの枠を越えて、口コミでも子供といっしょになって熱く語る人がいたぐらいです。
プロ野球の全盛期は時間的に言うと、ザガーロなどよりは短期間といえるでしょうが、安いを心に刻んでいる人は少なくなく、ユナイテッドクリニックだと自認する人も少なくないのではないでしょうか。
AGA 名古屋の安いについ て
アレルギーの時期と重なって気付くのが遅れたのか、ザガーロをひいて、薬を飲んで三日ばかり家でじっとしていました。
イースト駅前クリニックへ行けるようになったら色々欲しくなって、餃子の王将に入れてしまい、安いの列に並ぼうとしてマズイと思いました。ミノキシジルのときだって重い思いをして持ち帰っているのに、女性の日にこんな重荷を課すなんて、何のトレーニングよって思いますよね。
安いさら戻すのも怪しい人になってしまいそうなので、ママ友をしてもらうことを選びました。気合いでどうにかAGA
名古屋まで抱えて帰ったものの、2chが疲れて、次回は気をつけようと思いました。
先週、ひさしぶりに長時間電車に乗ったので、ザガーロを読んでみることにしました。
結構気に入っている作家だから期待はしていたのですが、イースト駅前クリニックの頃に感じられた著者の緊迫感というのがまるでなくて、餃子の王将の作家じゃなくて、私が間違えてしまったのかと思ったぐらいです。
安いには胸を踊らせたものですし、ミノキシジルのすごさは一時期、話題になりました。
女性は既に名作の範疇だと思いますし、安いなどは過去に何度も映像化されてきました。
だからこそ、ママ友が耐え難いほどぬるくて、AGA
名古屋を購入する前に、パラパラッとでいいから立ち読みすべきでした。
2chを作家で買うのは、思ったより危険だと知った今日このごろです。
いま付き合っている相手とも結構長いし、誕生日にザガーロをプレゼントしちゃいました。
イースト駅前クリニックはいいけど、餃子の王将が良いかもと迷いつつ、とりあえず保留し、安いを見て歩いたり、ミノキシジルにも行ったり、女性にまでわざわざ足をのばしたのですが、安いということで、落ち着いちゃいました。
ママ友にしたら手間も時間もかかりませんが、AGA
名古屋というのがプレゼントの基本じゃないですか。
だから、2chでいいと思いました。
あとは貰う側がどれだけ喜んでくれるかなんですけど、その点は大・大・大成功でした。
猛暑日の夜は湿気がおりて蒸し暑く、なかなか眠れません。
そのせいか、ザガーロに眠気を催して、イースト駅前クリニックをしてしまい、集中できずに却って疲れます。
餃子の王将あたりで止めておかなきゃと安いでは理解しているつもりですが、ミノキシジルというのは眠気が増して、女性になってしまうんです。
安いをするからこそ肝心の夜に寝られなくなり、ママ友に眠気を催すというAGA 名古屋ですよね。
2chをやめない限り、夜の不眠は続くのでしょう。
Usually outsourcing is welcoming by the Bush adminitration .
And electronic voting machines ?
Well , Republicans seem to think they 're infallible .
But now the New York Times reports :
The federal government is investigating the takeover last year of a leading American manufacturer of electronic voting systems by a small software company that has been linked to the leftist government of President Hugo Chávez of Venezuela .
This is the company that now owns the company that makes Sequoia machines , the main rival to Diebold .
Incidentally , my county in New Jersey votes on Sequoia machines .
Apparently when the voting machines are made by Republican partisans , it 's okay , but Chavez is another matter .
Yet I can't help but think that if the one case is suspicious , so it the other .
May 24 , 2006  --
A developing city east of San Francisco is the first place in the country to use the Supreme Court 's eminent domain ruling to keep Wal - Mart out of its area .
The retail giant has 3,900 stores across the country -- nearly seven new stores open every week -- but there wo n't be one coming to Hercules , Calif . , at this time .
Tuesday night , during a sometimes raucous meeting , the city council voted unanimously to take Wal - Mart 's land by power of eminent domain .
It 's a power the Supreme Court affirmed for municipalities in a controversial New London , Conn. , ruling , in which the city wanted to take private property for a commercial development .
The Hercules , Calif. , land in question consists of a 17 - acre stretch next to new homes , offering a view of the San Pablo Bay .
The city did not want Wal - Mart to be the centerpiece of its planned waterfront .
Instead , city planners have looked for a more historic - looking development , with buildings that include apartments on the second floor and shops and restaurants on the ground floor .
Precedent for Other Towns ?
Towns from Virginia to California have fought Wal - Mart in the past , claiming the chain would kill local businesses .
But many more have welcomed the chain for its jobs and tax revenue , even using eminent domain to bring the chain in .
No one has ever used eminent domain to stop Wal - Mart , and in an ironic reversal of roles last night , the company 's spokesman cried foul at the town meeting where it reclaimed the land .
" It 's not right to take private property for political purposes , " said Wal - Mart spokesman Kevin Loscotoff .
Still , some legal analysts said this strategy could be used elsewhere .
" I think it 's an important precedent for towns across the country that are trying to maintain some control over what their actual physical makeup is going to be , " said David Barron , a professor at Harvard Law School .
Wal - Mart has never gone away quietly , so this could be the start of a battle for the California town .
The US has put a $ 25 m bounty on Zawahiri 's head
US intelligence published the letter in full , saying it was intended for the alleged head of the movement in Iraq .
In it , Ayman Zawahiri appears to question insurgents ' tactics in attacking Shia Muslims in Iraq .
The claims by US intelligence are " based on imagination " , a statement posted on an Islamist website .
" We in al - Qaeda organisation announce that there is no truth to these claims , which are only based on the imagination of the politicians of the Black [ White ]
House and their slaves , " the statement said .
It is not possible to verify either the letter or the subsequent denial .
News of the 6,000 - word document first emerged last week .
US officials insisted they believed it was genuine and recent .
Cryptic reference
According to US intelligence officials , the letter offers a remarkable insight into al - Qaeda thinking .
Many of your Muslim admirers amongst the common folk are wondering about your attacks on the Shia .
The sharpness of this questioning increases when the attacks are on one of their mosques ...
My opinion is that this matter wo n't be acceptable to the Muslim populace however much you have tried to explain it
Letter US says is from Zawahiri to Zarqawi Zawahiri letter in full ( 58 K )
Most computers will open PDF documents automatically , but you may need to download Adobe Acrobat Reader .
Download the reader here
The Americans will not say exactly when or how they intercepted it , except that it was during operations in Iraq .
The letter is not directly addressed to Zarqawi - although there is a cryptic reference to him .
But US officials say it is clear he is the intended recipient .
It certainly heaps praise on whoever it was meant for .
But much of its tone also appears to be cautionary , as if trying to rein in events in Iraq , and suggesting possible tensions within al - Qaeda - " do n't let your eyes lose sight of the target " , it says .
' Four goals '
It sets out a detailed list of four incremental goals - expel the Americans from Iraq , set up an Islamic emirate in Iraq , extend the jihad " to the secular countries neighbouring Iraq " , and " the clash with Israel " .
But , crucially , it says the strategy requires popular support .
And it hints that some of the more brutal tactics employed by insurgents may be counterproductive .
The letter also suggests that the withdrawal of the US from Iraq could come quickly - as happened in the Vietnam War .
BBC world affairs correspondent Nick Childs says , whether this is all genuine , whether Zarqawi ever received the letter , and what impact it might have are not clear .
What is clear is that the level of insurgent violence is putting enormous political pressure on the Iraqi government and the US - led coalition at the moment .
So the fact that this is brought to light now may not be coincidental , our correspondent says .
Finally , the letter hints at the difficulties for al - Qaeda 's top leaders , saying the operations of the Pakistani army in that country 's tribal areas are " the real danger " .
Home : Software Projects JavaScript tabifier Automatically create an HTML tab interface using plug - and - play JavaScript .
Features Converts your HTML into a dynamic tabbed interface .
Does not require you to set up a list of links , or anchors for the tabs .
Plug and play : no need to know JavaScript , just make a few simple changes to your HTML .
Use CSS to customize the appearance of the tabs .
Gracefully degrades if JavaScript is not present and allows a different set of styles to be applied when JavaScript is not present .
Gracefully supports printing ( try a print preview on the example . html page ) and allows a different set of styles to be applied when printing .
Multiple tab sets on a page - you can even nest one tab set within another .
Set the initial tab to be displayed .
Use javascript to control which tab is displayed .
Define onLoad and onClick callback functions to perform more advanced functions , such as loading the tab content dynamically using AJAX .
Use a cookie to remember which tab was selected so it remains selected when you return to the page .
Object - oriented , extensively - commented code .
MIT license so you can modify and use in commercial projects .
Step One
If you start with some simple HTML like this : < h3 > Section One </ h3 >
Section one content .
Section two content .
Add some structural DIV elements .
Add a div with class=tabber around the whole thing : < div class = " tabber " >
< h3 > Section One </ h3 >
Section one content .
Section two content .
</ div>
Then add a div with class=tabbertab around each section .
By default tabber will get the tab title from a heading element within the section , or you can set the title attribute to be the tab navigation text : < div class = " tabber " > < div class= " tabbertab " > < h3 > Section One </ h3 >
Section one content .
</div > < div class=" tabbertab " title= " MyTabTitle " >
Section two content .
</div> </div > NOTE : the tabbertab DIVs must be child nodes of the tabber DIV .
This was required in order to allow nested tabs .
Step Two Include the javascript code : < script type =" text/ javascript " src=" tabber.js " > </ script >
After your page finishes loading , the script runs to convert your plain HTML into dynamic HTML .
Note : if you do not want it to run automatically onLoad , refer to the advanced topics .
Step Three
Add some styles .
Refer to the example CSS files provided , or modify one of the styles from Listamatic .
NOTE : Your original HTML has been transformed into something like this : < div class= " tabberlive " > < ul class= " tabbernav " > < li class= " active " > < a href= " javascript:void( null ) " onclick= " " >
Section One </ a> </li > < li > < a href= " javascript:void( null ) " onclick= " " >
MyTabTitle </ a> </li > </ul > < div class=" tabbertab " > < h3 > Section One </ h3 >
Section one content .
</div > < div class=" tabbertab " >
Section two content .
</div> </div >
Note the following :
The main div ( class=tabber ) has been changed to ( class=tabberlive ) .
This allows you to apply one style for the untabbed HTML , and a different style for the tabbed HTML .
A ul list is added .
Each item in the list is a link that triggers the dynamic navigation .
The text of the link is the title attribute of the tabbertab div .
Note the following : Advanced Topics
Setting the default tab
By default the first tab will be selected .
To select a different initial tab , use the tabbertabdefault class ( in addition to the tabbertab class ) : < div class= " tabbertab tabbertabdefault " > < h3 > Section Two </ h3 >
This will be selected by default .
</ div > Refer to Dynamically Changing the Tab First you must give an id to your main tabber div. < div class = " tabber " id =" mytab1 " >
A tabber object is attached to the div and you can use the tabShow ( ) method to change which tab is displayed : document.getElementById('mytab1').tabber.tabShow(0 ) ;
The tabs are numbered starting at zero , so use 0 for the first tab , 1 for the second tab , etc. Deactivate onLoad Refer to example 2.html to see it in action .
First you must give an id to your main tabber div .
A tabber object is attached to the div and you can use the tabShow ( ) method to change which tab is displayed :
The tabs are numbered starting at zero , so use 0 for the first tab , 1 for the second tab , etc .
When you load tabber .js it sets up an event to run when the page finishes loading .
To prevent tabber from running , before you include tabber.js , set the tabberOptions variable like this : < script type = " text / javascript " > var tabberOptions = {manualStartup:true} ; </ script > < script type =" text/ javascript " src=" tabber.js " > </ script >
You might want to do this if you need more control over the way that tabber initializes itself .
Alternatively , if you never want tabber to run automatically , you can edit tabber.js and just comment out that portion of the code .
onLoad and onClick event callback functions
You can set an onLoad function to be called after the tab interface has finished initializing , or an onClick function ( to be called when a user clicks a tab ) .
< script type =" text / javascript " > var tabberOptions = {'onClick ': function ( ) {alert ( " clicky ! " ) ; }} ; </ script > < script type =" text/ javascript " src=" tabber.js " > </ script >
Refer to example 2.html for a more complete example .
Persistent tabs using cookies Refer to example - cookies .
html Download ZIP Archive tabber.zip Individual Files tabber.js
tabber -minimized.js ( < 5 k )
example.html
example2.html
example -ajax.html
example -cookies.html
example.css
example - print.css )
Tabber Blog Read more ...
By the late 1990's , just when the three - domain proposal and the outlines of a “ universal phylogenetic tree ” were becoming well established , the microbial order based on rRNA was challenged by data from complete genome analysis of bacteria .
Phylogenies based on genes other than those for rRNA often indicated different genealogies , and indeed a somewhat chaotic order .
The new genomic data also indicated that archaebacteria and bacteria had many genes in common : perhaps they were not that different after all .
species
... with the development of genomics , the hitherto unappreciated ubiquity of LGT was postulated to explain many gene histories other than those for rRNA .
The species concept was again considered to be inapplicable to bacteria , not because of the absence of genetic recombination , as long thought , but because there seemed to be so little barrier to it .
Doubts about the inability to construct bacterial genealogies arose anew because of the scrambling of the genetic record from LGT .
While debates continue over which ( if any ) provide the most reliable phylogenetic guide , so too do debates over the origin of the eukaryotic cell nucleus and over the inheritance of acquired bacterial genomes .
Microbobial Phylogeny and Evolution : Concepts and Controversies Jan Sapp , ed. , Oxford University Press , Oxford UK ( 2005 )
Jan Sapp The Bacterium ’s Place in Nature
Norman Pace The Large - Scale Structure of the Tree of Life .
Woflgang Ludwig and Karl - Heinz Schleifer The Molecular Phylogeny of Bacteria Based on Conserved Genes .
Carl Woese Evolving Biological Organization .
W. Ford Doolittle
If the Tree of Life Fell , Would it Make a Sound ?.
William Martin Woe Is the Tree of Life .
Radhey Gupta Molecular Sequences and the Early History of Life .
C. G. Kurland Paradigm Lost .
Mayr , E. ( 1998 ) Two Empires or Three ?
Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. USA 95:9720-0823 .
Woese , C. R. ( 1998 ) Default taxonomy : Ernst Mayr ’s view of the microbial world .
Proc. Natl . Adad .
Sci. USA 95:11043-11046 .
Jan Sapp sets the tone by outlining the history of bacterial classification and phylogenetic analysis .
We ’re mostly concerned with the fourth era — the one that begins in the 1990's with the publication of the first bacterial genomes .
Sapp then goes on to discuss the attack on the Three Domain Hypothesis by Ernst Mayr in an oft - quoted PNAS paper ( Mayr , 1998 ) .
Mayr ’s objections have more to do with classification and taxonomy than with any real dispute over the validity of the molecular data .
It ’s about the fact that Mayr does n’t like cladistics .
He does n’t want molecular phylogenies to trump visible phenotypes and “ common sense ” ( Mayr ’s , of course ) .
Mayr argues that archaebacteria and bacteria both look like bacteria so they should be lumped together in a single prokaryotic empire .
I ’m not interested in that debate .
If the gene trees say that archaebacteria form a separate domain then that ’s good enough for me no matter how much they resemble other prokaryotes .
Woese ( 1998 ) has published an adequate reply to Mayr .
The real arguments are based on conflicting gene trees and the increasingly obvious similarity between bacteria and archaebacteria at the molecular level .
How do we resolve the conflicts between the ribosomal RNA trees and examples of equally well - supported trees from proteins ?
The first thing that comes to mind is that some of the gene phylogenies are just wrong .
They are artifacts of some sort and do n’t really represent the history of the genes .
Most of the debate on this topic concerns the validity of the SSU trees since they are based on nucleotide sequences .
It ’s well - known that ribosomal RNA trees are prone to long branch attraction artifacts to a greater extend than trees based on amino acid sequences .
It ’s also well - known that there are some famous mistakes in rRNA trees .
For the time being , let ’s assume that all genes trees are accurate representations of the gene history , bearing in mind that the opponents of the Three Domain Hypothesis are not prepared to concede that point .
Conflicting gene trees then have to be artifacts of a different sort .
Some of them will accurately represent the evolution of the species while others will not .
The ones that do n’t follow the phylogeny of thewill deviate because the genes have a different history .
Either they have been transferred singly from one species to another or they have been transferred en masse by some sort of fusion event .
Sapp discusses both these possibilities .
Lateral gene transfer ( LTG ) — also called horizontal gene transfer ( HGT ) — is the latest fad in microbial evolution .
You can explain away all the conflicting gene phylogenies by invoking interspecies transfer .
But here ’s the problem : which genes were transferred and which ones represent the “ true ” species phylogeny ?
Several papers in the book address this problem and we ’ll cover them in separate postings .
Keep in mind that LGT can get you out of a messy situation but there ’s a price to pay .
If you envisage a time when cells were frequently swapping lots of genes to form a “ net ” of life , then that , in and of itself , is enough to refute the standard version of the Three Domain Hypothesis .
What you ’re left with is a hypothesis about the phylogeny of “ some ” genes and a different phylogeny for others .
This gets us into playground fights about “ my gene is better than your gene . ”
Supporters of the Three Domain Hypothesis are willing to go there in order to save the hypothesis .
Do their arguments hold up ?
The other way of explaining the conflict is to invoke whole genome fusions followed by selective loss of half the genes .
There are several models to explain the origin of eukaryotic cells by fusion of a primitive archaebacterium with a primitive bacterium .
Such an event would account for the data , which shows that most eukaryotic genes are more closely related to bacteria but some are closer to archaebacteria .
There are other interesting models , for example one model postulates fusion of a primitive eukaryotic cell with a primitive bacterial cell to form the first archaebacterium !
This also accounts for the data but it pretty much wipes out one of the three domains !
Most people take these fusion models seriously .
If one of the fusion models is correct , then the original Three Domain Hypothesis is refuted .
( One of the complications is the transfer of genes from mitochondria to the eukaryotic nucleus .
We ’re not talking about those genes .
Those ones are relatively easy to recognize . )
Jan Sapp closes his introduction with a summary of the problems that will be addressed in the rest of the book .
This post originally appeared on the Huffington Post .
It 's no secret that Walmart is the nation 's largest retailer and that the family who owns Walmart , the Waltons , are mega - billionaires worth more than $ 144.7 billion , but what you might not know is that Walmart is the the largest private employer in the United States employing over 1.3 million workers .
It was announced last week that Nicole Richie is being replaced as the face of Jimmy Choo ’s advertising campaign by the face of Cover Girl and Las Vegas star , Molly Sims .
Joining Molly in the Jimmy Choo advertising campaign is music producer , Quincy Jones .
To be shot by Brett Ratner , the iImages are due in magazines from September .
I think love that Jimmy Choo has chosen a model and someone respected in the entertainment industry to be the faces of their new campaign .
Though those Nicole Richie / Jimmy Chew spoofâ€™s from the last Jimmy Choo advertising campaign were HILARIOUS !
What I did n’t understand is why they made the ad below about the bag and an angry looking Nicole .
We know and love Jimmy Choo for their shoes .
Not angry reality TV celebrities who need a stylist to make their wardrobes look respectable .
by W.A. Steer PhD
Back to contents
About ...
LCD technology and Tests
In the past decade , LCD monitors have replaced CRT screens for all but the most specialist applications .
Although liquid crystal displays boast perfect image geometry and should be perfectly sharp , in reality they still have various shortcomings .
Viewing - angle dependancies , poor blacks and motion - blur are still issues , particularly for photographic and LCD television applications .
Certain flicker or shimmers can be caused by sub-optimal user - adjustment , or shortcuts taken at the factory .
On this page I explain a little of LCD screen technology and give you some pointers to the factors which separate the best from the rest .
A large number of test patterns are provided to aid setting and diagnosis of your display .
Active - matrix LCD techology
A modern desktop liquid crystal display ( LCD ) computer - screen consists of an active - matrix panel and polarizers ( which together act as an electrically - controlled pixel - level light filter ) situated immediately in front of a backlight ( large - area uniform light source - usually consisting of one to four cold - cathode florescent lamps ( CCFL ) or now LEDs , a lightguide and diffuser ) .
The panel is connected to a dozen or so row - and column - driver chips which address the display with the picture data , and are driven by the rest of the monitors electronics .
I 'm not going to explain the basics of an LCD panel in any more detail - this is already covered on hundreds of sites .
LCD vs CRT
The table below shows the main factors differentiating LCD and CRT displays from a users ' perspective .
Liquid Crystal Display ( LCD ) ( CRT ) Cathode - Ray Tube display compact bulky lightweight heavy low power ( c.20W ) high power ( c.150W ) perfectly sharp limited sharpness ; tend to blur more at high brightness , and with age perfect image geometry tend to suffer from geometric distortions , which may be picture ( brightness ) dependent , and worsen with age " consistent " tonal scale strong bright areas can cause other regions of the picture to dim excellent text contrast poor text contrast ( bandwidth limited ) do not normally flicker inherently flicker ( although peoples sensitivity varies ) contrast / colour change with viewing angle consistent image irrespective of viewing angle poor black on dark images good blacks ( quality monitor , properly adjusted ) may cause motion - blur usually portray motion well peak brightness limited by backlight ;
photos / videos can appear " flat " very high ( small area ) peak brightness possible ;
gives " sparkle " and " life " to movies / video / photos may have or develop " stuck " pixels not pixel - based , no problem fixed inherent resolution support multiple resolutions equally well maturing technology ; cost falling mature technology ; cheap native interface would be digital ( eg. DVI ) naturally suited to analog interface image can be sub-optimal with analog interface naturally suited to analog interface
On the basis of image - quality alone , in my opinion LCD is the monitor of choice for " office " and technical / CAD applications ( largely text - based , or detailed but colour - non - critical graphics ) , while CRT still has the upper hand for high - end photographic / art work and for television displays .
Higher - priced LCDs ( probably using " In - Plane Switching " " IPS " liquid crystal modes ) marketed specifically for pre-press or photographic work should have colours which are less affected by viewing angles for that application ( IPS tends to have a less - good black - state - lower contrast - however ) .
" Vertically Aligned " eg " MVA " ( Multidomain - VA ) boast the darkest blacks , equivalently highest contrast , of any LCD technology , but response time and viewing angle are poorer than IPS .
LCD tests
LCD panels use discrete pixels and ideally should be connected to the image source via a digital interface such as DVI .
In an analog video signal from a computer 's " VGA connector " the luminance data for one pixel runs into the next in a time continuum .
To properly recover the data back into the correct discrete pixels requires accurate synchronisation of a " sampling - clock " in the monitor to the " pixel clock " in the graphics card .
Although possible , this can be technically tricky to get right ( the VGA output was never designed for this ! ) .
Symptoms of incorrect clock / phase settings include blurry or shimmering text , and shimmering on fine crosshatch patterns .
The " automatic " adjustment of many LCD monitors is not always successful , and manual tweaking may be needed .
It is probably wise to allow the monitor ( and PC ) to warm up for 5 - or 10 minutes before running this test .
For an illustrated explanation of what these controls do , and how to use them , see Clock / Pitch and Phase controls .
In liquid crystal pixel cells , it is only the magnitude of the applied voltage which determines the light transmission ( the transmission vs. voltage function is symmetrical about 0V ) .
To prevent polarisation ( and rapid permanent damage ) of the liquid crystal material , the polarity of the cell voltage is reversed on alternate video frames .
Unfortunately it is very difficult to get exactly the same voltage on the cell in both polarities , so the pixel - cell brightness will tend to flicker to some extent at half the frame - rate .
If the polarity of the whole screen were inverted at once then the flicker would be highly objectionable .
Instead , it is usual to have the polarity of nearby pixels in anti-phase , thus cancelling out the flicker over areas of any significant size .
In this way the flicker can be made imperceptible for most " natural " images .
+ - + - + - + - + - + -
+ + + + + + + + + + + +
+ - + - + - + - + - + -
- - - - - - - - - - - -
- + - + - + - + - + - +
+ + + + + + + + + + + +
- + - + - + - + - + - +
- - - - - - - - - - - -
+ - + - + - + - + - + -
+ + + + + + + + + + + +
+ - + - + - + - + - + -
- - - - - - - - - - - -
Line - paired RGB sub-pixel
dot - inversion pattern Row inversion ( lower power )
used eg. on laptops
The following test patterns deliberately excite only one polarity - half of the inversion pattern for some common schemes , and one of them should cause your screen to flicker .
This is not a fault with the screen , but enables you to find out which inversion scheme your screen uses .
Note : if using an analog - input monitor , the following tests will not be meaningful unless the clock and phasing settings are correct ( see previous test ) .
Warning to anyone who suffers from epilepsy or other extreme flicker - sensitivity : one or more of the tests below is likely to make your LCD flicker at 30 to 40 Hz .
On Internet Explorer , you can switch to full - screen ( and back ) using F11 .
You might also want to set the toolbar to auto - hide ( right - button menu when in full - screen mode ) .
Extreme tech :
The inversion pattern for any given screen will inevitably flicker to some extent and is not a fault .
If it really flickers a great deal then it may indicate that the common - electrode voltage has not been set up properly .
In that case you might also perceive a " dot crawl " effect on plain colours of medium brightness .
A grossly mis-set common - voltage will also make your screen more susceptible to temporary ' image sticking ' problems .
Common - electrode voltage can sometimes be adjusted by means of an internal preset , or on a manufacturers ' configuration screen ( adjust for minimum flicker on the inversion - pattern ) ... but doing so would almost certainly invalidate your warrantee .
Typically , with the optimum setting , the centre of the screen will have minimum flicker on the inversion pattern , while the flicker will increase somewhat towards the left and right edges .
If there 's a distinct minimum anywhere on the screen , then the setting is pretty close .
Note also that the optimum setting is likely to drift over the life of your screen , and may be slightly affected by temperature and the greylevel of the test pattern .
Any adjustments are made at your own risk !
Some diagonal cross - hatch patterns used for shading by CAD programs can interact with inversion and cause objectionable flicker on some LCD monitors - this should only be a problem if the manufacturer has left the common - electrode voltage grossly mis-set .
Having seen the severity of the effect on some new monitors ( and how easily it could have been tweaked out at the factory ) , I 'm beginnning to form the opinion [ January 2005 ] that in some cases this flicker could argueably be classed as a " fault " with the product .
Laptop LCD screens tend to be optimised for lower power , with some relaxation of image - quality criterion .
As well as ( often ) lower brightness and less saturated colours , laptop screens usually use a ' row inversion ' ( aka ' line inversion ' ) scheme rather than the dot inversion now universal in desktop screens .
If you look closely at a row - inversion LCD , particularly if it is showing a fairly plain , mid-brightness colour , you may see a slight horizontal line interference pattern on alternate lines , which may appear to drift up or down the screen .
This is also not uncommon on colour mobile - phone displays , or personal DVD players .
Owing to the way rows and columns in the display are addressed , and charge is pushed around , the data on one part of the display has the potential to influence what is displayed elsewhere .
This is generally known as cross-talk , and in matrix displays typically occurs in the horizontal and vertical directions .
Cross - talk used to be a serious problem in the old passive matrix ( STN ) displays , but is rarely discernable in modern active - matrix ( TFT ) displays .
A fortunate side - effect of inversion ( see above ) is that , for most display material , what little cross - talk there is is largely cancelled out .
For most practical purposes , the level of crosstalk in modern LCDs is negligible .
Certain patterns , particularly those involving fine dots , can interact with the inversion and reveal visible cross -talk .
If you try moving a small Window in front of the inversion pattern ( above ) which makes your screen flicker the most , you may well see cross - talk in the surrounding pattern .
Different patterns are required to reveal cross -talk on different displays ( depending on their inversion scheme ) .
The following patterns may show cross - talk on your screen .
These patterns are not comprehensive and should not be used blindy to rate one screen against another .
The appearance of a visible cross - talk from any of these patterns does not indicate a " fault condition " with your display !
Colours displayed by LCD screens tends to vary with viewing angle .
Please go to the following page to see this effect :
Many low - price 15 " and 17 " LCD monitors ( c.2005 ) use the Twisted Nematic ( " TN " ) liquid crystal mode ; with these displays the image looks much lighter if looked down on from above , and much darker if looked at from below .
Newer liquid - crystal modes such as Vertical Alignment ( " VA " ) or In - Plane Switching ( " IPS " ) have less viewing - angle dependence , but may suffer slower response times and / or lower contrast .
Although not specific to LCD screens , I 'm providing a greyscale test - page for completeness .
Refresh rate , response time , flicker and motion - blur
There seems to be a lot of confusion and mis-information on these topics on the web ; here 's my clarification ...
Refresh rate is the rate at which the electronics in the monitor addresses ( updates ) the brightness of the pixels on the screen ( typically 60 to 75 Hz ) .
For each pixel , an LCD monitor maintains a constant light output from one addressing cycle to the next ( sometimes referred to as ' sample - and - hold ' ) , so the display has no refresh - dependent flicker .
There should be no need to set a high refresh rate to avoid flicker on an LCD .
Response time relates to the time taken for the light throughput of a pixel to fully react to a change in its electrically - programmed brightness .
The viscosity of the liquid - crystal material means it takes a finite time to reorientate in response to a changed electric field .
A second effect ( which has a rather more complicated explanation ) is that the capacitance of the LC material is affected by the molecule alignment , and so if a step change is brightness is programmed , as the LC realigns the cell voltage changes and the brightness to which it settles is not quite what was programmed .
Unless ' overdrive ' ( which tries to pre-compensate for this effect ) is employed , it may take several refreshes before the light output stablises to the correct value .
Response rate for dark - to - light is normally different from light - to - dark , and is often slower still between mid-greys .
VESA and others define standard ways of measuring response time , but a single figure rarely tells the whole story .
Manufacturers ' response times ' rarely tell the whole story .
Unless combined with a strobing backlight , response times much below 16ms are likely to be of only marginal benefit , owing to more - dominant ' sample and hold ' effects ( see below ) ,
The visual effect of motion blur is self - explanatory and it is fairly intuitive to realise that a slow pixel response - time will cause this problem .
What is less obvious , but at least as important in causing motion - blur , is the ' sample - and - hold ' effect : an image held on the screen for the duration of a frame - time blurs on the retina as the eye tracks the ( average ) motion from one frame to the next .
By comparison , as the electron beam sweeps the surface of a cathode ray tube , it lights any given part of the screen only for a miniscule fraction of the frame time .
It 's a bit like comparing film or video footage shot with low - and high - shutter speeds .
Motion - blur originating from sample - and - hold in the display can become less of an issue as the frame ( refresh ) rate is increased ... provided that the source material ( film , video , or game ) contains that many unique frames .
For LCD TV there is significant interest in the industry in strobing ( flickering ! ) or the backlight deliberately so as to reduce sample - and - hold motion - blur ; the manuafacturers have various tradenames for this , including Samsung 's LED motion plus , Philips ' ClearLCD scanning led backlight , etc. .
' LED ' screens
Domestic televisions and computer screens advertised as ' LED screen ' ( as at 2010 - 2011 ) are usually just LCD screens but with LED rather than fluorescent backlights .
In the simplest case the screen is still illuminated from the side or edge as with the older fluorescent approach .
They may use ' white ' LEDs or a mixture of red , green and blue LEDs .
In this case the use of LEDs probably does n't make a huge difference to the user experience , although they may allow for a slightly wider colour gamut .
Segmented LED backlight
Where LED backlights really get interesting is when you do away with the edge - lighting and instead use a 2D array of LEDs behind the LCD panel .
You can then use the LEDs as a coarse - resolution display device , working with the LCD to form the image details .
This allows a huge increase in effective contrast of the display , because you turn right down the LED backlight behind the dark parts of the image , and can give really bright highlights when you turn up the brightness of the backlight locally .
Operating the display and backlight in this manner has the additional benefit of reducing the average power - consumption of the display for TV / film images ( which on average are somewhere around 1 / 4 of full brightness ) , and can improve the viewing - angle stability of the picture by typically operating the LCD pixels at greylevels which are less angle - sensitive .
BrightSide Technologies Inc. ( aquired by Dolby Labs in 2007 ) pioneered this backlight technology in professional displays during the early 2000's , but it is now widely seen in consumer televisions .
Colour - temperature
Monitors , both flat - panel and CRT , often come with the ability to adjust the colour - temperature , perhaps to 3200 K , 5000 K , 6500 K , or 9300K .
The sRGB standard for PC graphics ( along with western television standards ) assumes a display colour temperature of 6500 K .
Under normal circumstances you will get most accurate colour - reproduction using the 6500 K setting on your display .
Setting too high a colour temperature ( eg 9300K ) will result in images which are rather blue ( " cold " , artistically - speaking ) , while too low a colour temperature ( eg 3200 K ) will make the display look very yellowy .
Common pixel - array sizes , or ' resolution '
Name Pixel array Aspect ratio Comment VGA 640 ×480 4:3 SVGA 800 ×600 4:3 XGA 1024 × 768 4:3 WXGA 1365 × 768 16:9 Wide - XGA ; used for widescreen LC TV displays ( beware : sometimes 1280 ×768 is called WXGA ) SXGA 1280 × 1024 5:4
This format is " squarer " than the others WSXGA +
1680 × 1050 16:10 Wide - SXGA ( plus a bit more ) UXGA 1600 × 1200 4:3 WUXGA 1920 × 1200 16:10 Wide - UXGA QXGA 2048 × 1536 4:3 Quad-XGA
Note that , in general , LCD panels in LC - TV products typically have much lower resolution ( i.e. fewer , and bigger pixels ) than similarly - sized LCD computer monitors , although this is not true for HDTV sets .
Television - standard based pixel - array sizes
In 1981 , the ' Rec.601 ' standard was finalised for the digitisation of television signals ( for studio use ) .
It is based upon a 13.5 M Hz - sampling rate of existing analog television signals .
From this , follow a number of oft - quoted resolutions ( note the number of active - lines is less than the system number of lines ; " 625 - line " standards have 576 active lines , and " 525 - line " standards have 480 active lines ) :
Name Pixel array Aspect ratio Comment PAL ( 625/50 ) 720 × 576 4:3 ( or 16:9 ) NB .
Pixels are not ' square ' NTSC ( 525/60 ) 720 × 480 4:3 ( or 16:9 ) NB .
Pixels are not ' square ' CIF ( PAL - based ) 352 × 288 4:3 " Common Intermediate Format " - essentially half the lines and columns of full - res PAL CIF ( NTSC - based ) 352 × 240 4:3 " Common Intermediate Format " - essentially half the lines and columns of full - res NTSC QCIF ( PAL - based ) 176 × 144 4:3 Quarter - CIF QCIF ( NTSC - based ) 176 × 120 4:3 Quarter - CIF QCIF + 176 × 220 4:5 Portrait
Some mobile phone or PDA - type displays are specified from the CIF family .
Whether CIF / QCIF formats have square pixels or not probably depends on the application in mind !
For interest , modern cinema films are made either in ' widescreen ' 1.85:1 or ' scope ' 2.35:1 aspect ratios .
Widescreen television standardised on 16:9 ( 1.78:1 ) , so ' scope ' films still have narrow black bars at the top and bottom when presented in a TV 16:9 frame .
Widescreen - films ( 1.85:1 ) are usually shot with sufficient excess head - and footroom to fill a 16:9 TV frame when required .
DVDs are mastered in either 4:3 or 16:9 frames , in both cases PAL - format DVDs have 576 active lines vertically ( NTSC DVDs will have 480 active lines ) .
The horizontal pixel - count for DVDs is universally 720 pixels ( NTSC and PAL ) for both 4:3 and 16:9 ratios ; television and DVD pixels are not square !
In principle , a PAL 16:9 DVD should display without need for vertical scaling on a square - pixel display 1024 pixels wide ( 576×16/9 = 1024 ) .
Owing to non-square pixels , and the fact that analogue processing does not define ( or maintain ) horizontal resolution of video - material precisely , it may be less worthwhile trying to match horizontal pixel - count for display .
HDTV and Digital Cinema pixel - array sizes
Modern HDTV standards are based upon square pixels , and 16:9 aspect ratio .
We have " 720 " formats , based upon 720 active scan lines and 1280 pixels per line ( 1280 ×720 ) and " 1080 " formats based upon 1080 active scan lines ( 1920 ×1080 ) .
Interlaced and progressive versions exist .
Both 50 Hz and 60 Hz refresh variants are standardised , as is a 24 Hz progressive scan ( directly compatible with film ) .
There are many good engineering reasons to avoid interlaced systems , but they seem to live on anyway .
It 's looking as though most equipment , both professional and domestic , will handle most of the common variants natively .
Name Pixel array Aspect ratio Comment 720 - line HDTV 1280 × 720 16:9 Square - pixel mid-resolution HDTV Full HDTV 1920 × 1080 16:9 Square - pixel full - resolution HDTV HDCAM videotape 1440 × 1080 16:9 Non-square pixel reduced - data - rate HDTV " 2 K " digital - cinema 2048 × 1536 1.85:1
2.35:1 NB . Pixels are not ' square ' " 4 K " digital - cinema 4096 ×3112 1.85:1
2.35:1 NB .
Pixels are not ' square ' DataCine native 1920 × 1440 4:3
1.85:1
2.35:1 Native luminance resolution of Thomson Spirit DataCine HD - telecine machine .
Colour is horizontally subsampled .
Other output formats ( eg 1920x1080 HD ) are created by digital resampling .
External links for LCD technology
http://www.auo.com/auoDEV/technology.php?sec=tftIntro - a good introduction to LCD technology from AUO 's website
http://www.intersil.com/data/an/an1208.pdf
-
An application note from Intersil , concerning Vcom- originating LCD flicker .
The second page shows what a typical Vcom adjust pot looks like !
http://www.fpdl.nist.gov/tips.html
- Flat Panel Display Lab at the US NIST ; hints on evaluating and specmanship of displays
http://www.merck.de/servlet/PB/show/1139870/Aktiv-Matrix_engl.pdf - a booklet from Merck which explains a little about liquid crystal material and its ( desireable ) characteristics for displays
For a deep technical introduction to the various technologies and considerations which go to make LCD panels , I recommend the book " Active Matrix Liquid Crystal Displays : Fundamentals and Applications " by Willem den Boer ( 2005 ) , available from [ Amazon.com ] and [ Amazon.co.uk ] .
Related articles on this site
If you liked the style and content of this page , you might also be interested in other articles on this site :
Digital Photo Printing Guide - a guide to getting the best results from commerical photoprinting services , leading on to a short technical review
Introduction to Colour Science - how are colours defined , what is colour - temperature ?
Created : November 2003
Last modified : 3 December 2011
Source : http://www.techmind.org/lcd/
Tragedii
I should note that before even receiving the system , I was struggling with how to cover it here : I could do an elaborate video review , which lord knows would be fun , but it 's a much harder thing than a Nintendo DS to " film " in a satisfying way , particularly when your professional video solution is a tiny digital camera .
And sure , I could also take lots of pictures and short screens of the menus and such but , really , is there anything you guys do n't already know about this system ?
I mean , really .
So , I was stumped .
Then fate stepped in : my Wii broke .
Stop laughing .
Almost immediately , it stopped ejecting any DVDs .
Actually , it only successfully worked once .
Zelda is now forever stuck inside the system .
It 's not the physical eject button itself — pressing it will instantly wake up the system when first plugged in — but rather , I 'm assuming , the slot - loading drive mechanism .
It just does n't want to eject .
I can't eject .
No eject .
You might say , " Cabel , surely having a permanently - Zelda gaming system for all time is not the worst of fates ! " , and you'd be mostly right .
But you must know me — I could n't comfortably play the system knowing in the back of my mind that it 's broken and , eventually , I 'm going to have to send it in .
Stress .
Thus , my Nintendo Wii has been sent in for repair .
I shipped it overnight ( hooray , it fit in a FedEx box , with room for bubble wrap ! ) , and Nintendo received it on Tuesday — 11/21/06 .
That 's right , two days after launch .
Yes , I 'm crying as I type this .
As of yet , there 's been no status update on how the repair is going , which does not instill confidence .
12 days was the maximum quote , and I 'll keep all of you posted .
This should be an interesting test , if nothing else .
What I Can Tell You
There 's only one negative .
Owning an Xbox 360 and an LCD TV has kind of ruined me for high definition signals , and I do wish the Wii could go higher - res , any native widescreen signal will do .
It 's not even so much while I 'm playing a game , to be honest , but the freakin ' text — the menu text , the Wii Shopping channel text , etc. , all blurred out and fuzzy and faux - squashed at the source and re-stretched on the TV .
It 's not really Nintendo 's fault , as I completely understand why they did it , and it's way easier for me to blame Microsoft for supporting these damn high definition signals , bastardos .
Still , I dream , and I 'm sure I 'm not alone .
Other than that ?
I have n't had this much fun playing a game console since my parents drove up in the station wagon to pick my sister and I up from school and pulled back a blanket in the back seat to reveal a shiny new Atari 2600 that we played non -stop for months and months and that my grandmother ( bless her sweet soul ) continuously referred to as " The Guitari " .
Everything about this system is a joy .
The controller is so stunningly natural as a pointing device , and as a gaming device , and is so comfortable to hold with such great build quality and industrial design that it really does feel like you 're using the future .
On - screen typing is fast , navigating the menus is instant , everything just flows and pours from your hand into one screen to the next .
We spent hours — really , hours — just screwing around with creating our Mii's ( tell me , why is this fun ! ? ) , then sending them to our friends and writing funny notes to each other over the internet , then using the photo browser to pop in memory cards and so very very quickly checking out our latest photos , then decorating said photos with goofytarded drawings and also sending them to each other , and all of that good stuff .
And we had n't even played a game yet .
Of course , Wii Sports is a genuine killer app , and the perfect pack - in title — the only title for the system that really makes good on the promise of what we might be experiencing consistently a year from now .
Sure , the sports games are dead simple , and sure , they 're about as " hardcore " as " Barbie Horse Adventures II : Totally Horsin ' Around Specifically In A Paddock " .
That does n't stop these games from being freakin ' fun .
Bowling is the true star here .
Mike gets very serious when he plays .
I like the tennis .
Zelda — well , the first two hours , anyway , before I sent the system back :( :( — suffered a bit from some janky game design in the opening tutorial town ( who fished what with the slingshot in the monkey basket now ? ) , but once I was running through a field , swinging — swinging my sword , instantly aiming my slingshot , defeating weird enemies , and getting a touch of that Zelda Magic , I knew it was going to be amazing , and it makes this damn repair all the more unbearable .
Put simply , this system is pure fun in a beautiful tiny box .
The Help Cat contextual help you have to catch .
Something about this is so totally Nintendo , totally ridiculous , and totally a great use of the Wii Remote .
While we 're easily amused , make no mistake , people : we spent five minutes having fun just trying to catch a cat that gives you help .
What more can be said about the Nintendo Wii ?
So , here 's hoping my Nintendo Wii comes back from repair soon , at which point I 'll get down to some serious winter time Zelda gaming .
Until then , I 'd love to hear what you think of the system — I 'll live vicariously through your vibrant tales .
So , I excitedly collected my Nintendo Wii last Sunday , sometime around midnight , joining a lovable rag - tag group ( Panic and Otherwise , even my sister came along for " fun " ) at our wonderful Pioneer Place ElBo .
( Entering the mall at midnight is unsettling — as Steve noted , it was hard to shake the feeling that a horde of hungry zombies was waiting right around the corner !
" Year ! " ) .
Nick , Manager Of The Year in my heart , cheerily greeted us at the door , we all waited in line for a bit , an awkward but nerdfelt countdown began , Steve cut in line , and then we all went home with our magic boxes and slept .
I should note that before even receiving the system , I was struggling with how to cover it here : I could do an elaborate video review , which lord knows would be fun , but it 's a much harder thing than a Nintendo DS to " film " in a satisfying way , particularly when your professional video solution is a tiny digital camera .
And sure , I could also take lots of pictures and short screens of the menus and such but , really , is there anything you guysalready know about this system ?
I mean , really .
So , I was stumped .
Then fate stepped in : Stop laughing .
Almost immediately , it stopped ejecting any DVDs .
Actually , it only successfully worked once .
Zelda is now forever stuck inside the system .
It 's not the physical eject button itself — pressing it will instantly wake up the system when first plugged in — but rather , I 'm assuming , the slot - loading drive mechanism .
It just does n't want to eject .
I can't eject .
No eject .
You might say , " Cabel , surely having a permanently - Zelda gaming system for all time is not the worst of fates ! " , and you'd be mostly right .
But you must know me — I could n't comfortably play the system knowing in the back of my mind that it 's broken and , eventually , I 'm going to have to send it in .
Stress .
Thus , my Nintendo Wii has been sent in for repair .
I shipped it overnight ( hooray , it fit in a FedEx box , with room for bubble wrap ! ) , and Nintendo received it on Tuesday — 11/21/06 .
That 's right , two days after launch .
Yes , I 'm crying as I type this .
As of yet , there 's been no status update on how the repair is going , which does not instill confidence .
12 days was the maximum quote , and I 'll keep all of you posted .
This should be an interesting test , if nothing else .
While my Wii is being lovingly and gently brought back to life ( snek snek ! ) , I might as well throw out my first impressions into the great overflowing sea of internet bullhonkey .
There 's only one negative .
Owning an Xbox 360 and an LCD TV has kind of ruined me for high definition signals , and I do wish the Wii could go higher - res , any native widescreen signal will do .
It 's not even so much while I 'm playing a game , to be honest , but the freakin ' text — the menu text , the Wii Shopping channel text , etc. , all blurred out and fuzzy and faux - squashed at the source and re-stretched on the TV .
It 's not really Nintendo 's fault , as I completely understand why they did it , and it's way easier for me to blame Microsoft for supporting these damn high definition signals , .
Still , I dream , and I 'm sure I 'm not alone .
Other than that ?
I have n't had this much fun playing a game console since my parents drove up in the station wagon to pick my sister and I up from school and pulled back a blanket in the back seat to reveal a shiny new Atari 2600 that we played non -stop for months and months and that my grandmother ( bless her sweet soul ) continuously referred to as " The Guitari " .
Everything about this system is a joy .
The controller is so stunningly natural as a pointing device , and as a gaming device , and is so comfortable to hold with such great build quality and industrial design that it really does feel like you 're .
On - screen typing is fast , navigating the menus is instant , everything just flows and pours from your hand into one screen to the next .
We spent hours — really , hours — just screwing around with creating our ( tell me , why is this fun ! ? ) , then sending them to our friends and writing funny notes to each other over the internet , then using the photo browser to pop in memory cards and so very very quickly checking out our latest photos , then decorating said photos with goofytarded drawings and also sending them to each other , and all of that good stuff .
And we had n't even played a game yet .
Of course , , and the perfect pack - in title — the only title for the system that really makes good on the promise of what we might be experiencing consistently a year from now .
Sure , the sports games are dead simple , and sure , they 're about as " hardcore " as " Barbie Horse Adventures II : Totally Horsin ' Around Specifically In A Paddock " .
That does n't stop these games from being .
Bowling is the true star here .
Mike gets very serious when he plays .
I like the tennis . — well , the first two hours , anyway , before I sent the system back :( :( — suffered a bit from some janky game design in the opening tutorial town ( who fished what with the slingshot in the monkey basket now ? ) , but once I was running through a field , swinging — my sword , instantly aiming my slingshot , defeating weird enemies , and getting a touch of that Zelda Magic , I knew it was going to be amazing , and it makes this damn repair all the more unbearable .
Put simply , this system is pure fun in a beautiful tiny box .
Everything beautiful about the Nintendo Wii can be summed up in one embodiment : The Help Cat .
Living deep within the Photo Channel , this is my 2007 vote for the greatest , weirdest , most terriblewonderful User Interface Design idea of all time — .
Something about this is so totally Nintendo , totally ridiculous , and totally a great use of the Wii Remote .
While we 're easily amused , make no mistake , people : .
What more can be said about the Nintendo Wii ?
So , here 's hoping my Nintendo Wii comes back from repair soon , at which point I 'll get down to some serious winter time Zelda gaming .
Until then , I 'd love to hear what you think of the system — I 'll live vicariously through your vibrant tales .
© 2009 Cabel Sasser
A couple of Vector Lounge Chairs that have spent most of the last 13 years on the beach on Lake Superior .
They have held up well .
Hi Penny !
【この記事は、2006年4月14日付で米ブログメディア「Lifehacker」に掲載された記事を翻訳したものです。】
好むと好まざるとにかかわらず、人生は会議の連続だ――状況確認のためのミーティング、プランニングのための電話会議、ブレーンストーミングのための集まり、そして会議のための会議もある。だが、全員が会議室を去った後、どのようなアクションが取られたかも、会議と同等かそれ以上に重要なことだ。
ビジネス会議であれ大学の講義であれカンファレンスであれ、効率よくノートを取ることは、プロジェクトを動かし、キャリアと知識を積み上げていく上で不可欠のスキルだ。今回は、筆者のお気に入りのノートの取り方を紹介する。自分のニーズにあったカスタムノートの作り方も紹介する。
最初に登場する2つは、特にビジネス会議と専門のカンファレンスに有効だ。この手の会議では、情報を種類別に仕分けることが重要だからだ。
手法そ の1 ： 「次のアクション」を記号化
ノート紙またはノー トPC／タブレットPCのテキストファイルで、左端にマージン枠を取る。そこに、情報の種類に応じて4つの異なる記号を付けていく。
[ ] は自分が担当する項目 に
( ) は他人にアサインされた項目に
* は重要な事実に
? は要調査／質問項目に
会議の後、左マージン枠にざっと目を通すことで、自分のToDoリストやカレンダーへの項目追加、ほかの人へのリクエストや質問の送付が行いやすくなる。（この手法は会議経験豊富なマイケル・ハイアットの考案によるもの。）
手法その2：ページを4分割
一目でパッと情報種別を見分けられるもう1つの方法として、1ページを4つのエリアに分け、質問事項、参考情報、ToDoなど、同じ種別の情報を同一エリアに書き込んでいく手法がある。驚くほど詳細に会議のメモを取ることで知られるビル・ゲイツが用いているのが、この手法だとの噂がある。
手法その3：記録と要約の「コーネル大学式」
毎日大量の情報を消化していく必要のある学生に向いた方法として、コーネル大学式ノート作成法がある（詳細記事参照）。これも、1ページを以下のような領域に分ける。
DIYノート紙
書式化された罫線入りノート紙をカスタムPDFとして生成できる、気の利いたWebアプリケーションが幾つかある。会議の前に印刷したり、バインダーへの綴じ込みを考えたオプションなどを備える。
Notepaper Generator（Simson.net ）
罫線入りページのPDFを作るツール。ヘッダ部に小さく月間のカレンダーを表示、オプションでページ右上に要約欄を設けることができる。フォントの選択、オプションでパンチ穴表示も可能。
Cornell Method PDF Generator （Study Smarter）
コーネル大学式にページを分割したノート紙を印刷できる。ノート領域は罫線なし、罫線入り、グラフ紙の3パターンを用意。オプションで自分の名前、日付、講義名称、バインダ用のパンチ穴を4つまで表示可能。罫線もグレーから黒まで濃度を選べる。
Notepad Generator （Michael Botsko）
PDF ノートテンプレート。名前、番号、日付、プロジェクト名が入り、ページは2つのセクションに分かれている。一方はノート用（罫線入り）、もう一方はアクション項目用で締め切り日の欄がある。オプションでパンチ穴を表示できる。
本稿筆者ジーナ・トラパーニはLifehackerのエディター。最近、ノートの取り方がだんだんうまくなってきた。Lifehacker上で毎週水曜と金曜にGeek to Liveコラム（RSS）を連載中。
この記事は、Lifehackerの発行元である米Gawker Mediaの許可を得て、アイティメディア株式会社が翻訳したものです。翻訳責任はアイティメディアにあります。
Apache Lucene Core
Apache LuceneTM is a high - performance , full - featured text search engine library written entirely in Java .
It is a technology suitable for nearly any application that requires full - text search , especially cross-platform .
Apache Lucene is an open source project available for free download .
Please use the links on the right to access Lucene .
Lucene TM Features
Lucene offers powerful features through a simple API :
Scalable , High - Performance Indexing
over 150 GB / hour on modern hardware
small RAM requirements -- only 1MB heap
incremental indexing as fast as batch indexing
index size roughly 20 - 30 % the size of text indexed
Powerful , Accurate and Efficient Search Algorithms
ranked searching -- best results returned first
many powerful query types : phrase queries , wildcard queries , proximity queries , range queries and more
fielded searching ( e.g. title , author , contents )
sorting by any field
multiple - index searching with merged results
allows simultaneous update and searching
flexible faceting , highlighting , joins and result grouping
fast , memory - efficient and typo - tolerant suggesters
pluggable ranking models , including the Vector Space Model and Okapi BM25
configurable storage engine ( codecs )
Cross-Platform Solution
The recording industry keeps asking for tiered pricing on iTunes , and Apple keeps saying no .
This seems odd -- why can't the two agree on how to make the most money off online music sales ?
In fact , I 'm sure they agree , and I 'm sure the recording industry is right : more money could be made with tiered pricing .
The real problem is a conflict of interests -- the recording industry makes money off music , and Apple makes money off iPods .
Here are some numbers : in under 3 years , 600 million songs have been purchased on the iTunes music store .
Apples cut of that comes to just over $ 210 million .
Meanwhile , the Apple has sold 6.5 million iPods in thealone .
That 's well over $ 1 billion in just 3 months ; the money from iTunes is pocket change .
From the perspective , it 's clear why Apple does n't want to raise prices on iTunes .
They couldrevenue from the music store and they still would n't approach iPod level revenue .
While the recording industry is interested in iTunes to generate revenue , Apple does n't it see this way .
They have other things in mind for iTunes : 1. They have two reasons for this : first , making good software is tough , and I do n't believe they would trust someone else to do it for them .
iTunes is easy - to - use , well designed , and well programmed , and the iPod is all the more successful because of this .
Second , depending on a 3rd party for a business critical application could put them in a strategic bind in the future .
Napster 's subscription model and other byzantine DRM restrictions pose obvious problems here .
2. I think this is Apple 's main concern .
Everyone who has taken Econ 101 knows about complement products -- when the price of DVD 's goes down , sales of DVD players increase .
Alcohol prices on the rise ?
Bad news for Trojan .
Music is a complement to the iPod , and the lower the price of music , the more iPods Apple can sell .
If it were up to Apple , music downloads would be free , and we'd all be out buying 60 GB iPods because our old 10 GB models just can't fit everything .
Do you think Apple is concerned that people are using iTunes to steal music ?
Not at all !
Free music makes it easier for Apple to push their new , high capacity iPods .
The motivation for the two latest additions to iTunes becomes clear in this light : fill up people 's iPods faster ( videos ) and without asking for money ( Podcasts ) .
A computer in antiquity would seem to be an anachronism , like Athena ordering takeout on her cellphone .
But a century ago , pieces of a strange mechanism with bronze gears and dials were recovered from an ancient shipwreck off the coast of Greece .
Historians of science concluded that this was an instrument that calculated and illustrated astronomical information , particularly phases of the Moon and planetary motions , in the second century B.C .
The Antikythera Mechanism , sometimes called the world ’s first computer , has now been examined with the latest in high - resolution imaging systems and three - dimensional X - ray tomography .
A team of British , Greek and American researchers was able to decipher many inscriptions and reconstruct the gear functions , revealing , they said , “ an unexpected degree of technical sophistication for the period . ”
The researchers , led by Tony Freeth and Mike G. Edmunds , both of the University of Cardiff , Wales , are reporting the results of their study in Thursday ’s issue of the journal Nature .
Here are 7 of the largest , oddest , and most useless state projects in the world : 1 . Limestone Tourist Park - Bedford , Indiana .
The Great Idea : Turn a small Midwestern town into a tourist mecca for lovers of limestone block .
The Great Big Problem : Limestone block is not as big a draw as you think .
Cost to Taxpayers : $ 700,000 Despite being the undisputed " Limestone Capital of the World , " Bedford , Ind. , always had a hard time figuring out how to parlay its claim to fame into a thriving tourism industry .
That is , until Bedford Chamber of Commerce member Merle Edington came up with a brilliant plan .
In the late 1970s , Edington proposed that Bedford build a Disney - style theme park .
But , instead of cartoon characters , the park 's main attraction would be limestone , featuring a 95 - foot - high replica of the Great Pyramid of Cheops [ wiki ] build out of ( you guessed it ) local limestone blocks .
And , on the off chance that a scale model of one world wonder would n't be exciting enough , Edington added plans for an 800 - foot - long replica of the Great Wall of China [ wiki ] .
While the power of limestone over the vacationing public is debatable , Edington convinced the Commerce Department 's Economic Development Administration to believe in his dream - to the tune of $ 700,000 .
Unfortunately , those funds dried up quickly , thanks to Indiana Wisconsin senator William Proxmire [ wiki ] ( famous for his " Golden Fleece Awards " ridiculing government waste ) , who called attention to the project .
The town was left deep in debt , unable to even pay Edington 's salary .
Today , the abandoned project is little more than a giant rock pile .
See also : Roadside America 's Cursed Pyramid Ruins 2 . Combating the Goths in Missouri The Great Idea : Cure adolescent angst by fighting the forces of goth subculture in Missouri .
The Great Big Problem : Harassment of misunderstood youth subcultures is best left to high school football players .
They 'll do it for free .
Cost to Taxpayers : $ 141,000
Turning goth , a " How to " by Bloody Mary In 2002 , Blue Springs , Mo. , found itself under siege from an insidious force - a force armed with pale skin , black hair , black eyeliner , and a collection of old albums by The Cure .
Yes , goth culture had gained a toehold in the otherwise ordinary hamlet , and there was only one thing to do about it : Stamp it out with the aid of a $ 273,000 grant from the U.S. Department of Education .
With the funds secured , the Blue Springs Youth Outreach Unit set out to combat the goths , whom the community believed to be involved in activities including animal sacrifice , self - mutilation , and vampire worship .
Reportedly , about half of the grant went to staff salaries , staff trips ( to conferences on teen drug use and satanic cults ) , the formation of a little - used counseling program , and a series of never - held town - hall meetings ( presumably intended for daylight hours , when vampire infestation would n't be a problem ) .
After two years of public criticism , officials made the startling discovery that maybe goths were n't such a problem after all and returned the remaining $ 132,000 to the government .
See also : Goth subculture [ wiki ] | Blue Springs Youth Outreach Unit 3 . The Cross Florida Barge Canal The Great Idea : Build a shipping shortcut through the middle of Florida .
The Great Big Problem :
The plan would effectively turn half the state into an island .
Florida is a peninsula .
Get used to it .
Cost to Taxpayers : $ 120 million , in this century anyway .
The Cross - Florida Barge Canal was one of those ideas that refused to go away .
First proposed by Spanish settlers in the 1570s , the canal was supposed to cut through the middle of the peninsula to connect the Atlantic Ocean with the Gulf of Medico , significantly shortening shipping times .
However , after Florida came under U.S. control in the early 19th century , Congress surveyed the land and decided that any canal that would turn a huge chunk of the state into an island just was n't feasible , and the plan was scrapped .
Fast forward to the Great Depression .
Suddenly , any project that would create 6,000 jobs seemed like a good idea .
President Franklin D. Roosevelt allocated emergency funds to the canal , and digging commenced in 1935 .
A year later , progress stalled due to environmental concerns , then picked back up , then stalled again , and the cycle continued until 1963 , when President Kennedy allocated $ 1 million to the project .
Work began after Kennedy 's death and continued for seven years , but - yet again - concern about the canal 's environmental impact ground progress to a halt .
Finally , in 1991 , the canal ( by this time a $ 120 million partial scar across the middle of the state ) was officially pronounced dead .
The land was converted into a greenway named after Marjorie Harris Carr , the environmentalist who'd led the charge against the canal in the 1960s .
See also : Cross Florida Barge Canal [ wiki ] 4 . Superconducting Super Collider
The Great Idea : Build a miracle machine that can replicate the Big Bang , help treat life - threatening illnesses , and maybe even unfold the mysteries of the universe .
The Great Big Problem :
You get what you pay for - and miracle machines cost way , way too much .
Cost to Taxpayers : Roughly $ 12 billion - and the lives of billions of innocent atoms .
Few government projects have ever been announced with the level of fanfare reserved for the 1980s Superconducting Super Collider .
Housed in a 54 - mile underground tunnel beneath Waxahachie , Texas , the Super Collider was designed to accelerate beams of subatomic particles to fantastic speeds and then crash the particles into one another , purportedly generating huge amounts of energy .
Advocates believed the machine would be able to simulate the conditions present during the Big Bang , thus allowing scientists to gain new insights into the very nature of matter .
But many Super Collider fans made even bolder statements about the machine 's abilities , pointing out that other devices using similar technology have been used to treat cancer and learn more about HIV .
As potential uses for the machine grew , however , so did the cost - ballooning from an original estimate of less than $ 5 billion to just under $ 12 billion .
Finally , in the midst of the 1993 budget - cutting boom , Congress pulled the plug on the project , with less than one - third of the tunnel finished .
For a while , it was used to store Styrofoam cups , but then it was sold off to private businesses for pennies on the dollar .
Although scientists ( and the citizens of Waxahachie ) still mourn the loss of this major research center , there are several other machines in the world that do basically the same thing on a smaller scale .
They 're called particle accelerators , and the largest one is a mere 5 miles in diameter .
See also : Superconducting Super Collider [ wiki ] | SSC Website 5 . White Sea - Baltic Sea Canal
The Great Idea : Build a canal connecting the White Sea and the Baltic Sea as a way to strengthen the Soviet Union 's military and economic might .
The Great Big Problem : In Soviet Russia , nobody 's a volunteer .
Cost to Taxpayers : 101 million rubles and several thousand lives .
That , and Josef Stalin 's otherwise sterling reputation for labor relations .
Say what you will about egomaniacal dictator Josef Stalin , but in 1933 , he did the bureaucratically impossible :
He completed a massive public works project on time and within budget .
In 1930 , Stalin had decided to dig a 141 - mile canal connecting the White Sea to the Baltic Sea , in order to create a quick passage for cargo and warships .
By mid-1933 , it was complete .
Not bad - unless , of course , you happened to pay attention to the worker death toll , which many estimates place in the tens of thousands .
Stalin culled his construction crew from the ranks of prisoners in his Gulag detention camps , and when their numbers " dwindled , " he supplemented the canal labor pool by simply arresting more people .
Conditions on the project were brutal ; malnourished workers were forced to break through rock with primitive tools , without the aid of explosives or heavy equipment .
Sadly , their efforts went largely to waste .
The canal proved too shallow for military vessels and saw little use by commercial ships .
Stalin , however , was undeterred by the massive loss of life and utter failure of the canal .
He went on to use the project as a springboard for numerous other prisoner - built ventures .
6 . The Bimbo School The Great Idea :
When creating jobs for the unemployed , cater to the pretty people first .
The Great Big Problem : Regional dignity seems to have gone overlooked .
Cost to Taxpayers : 1 million euros ( about $ 1.2 million U.S. )
In 2003 , the European Union came up with a novel solution for lowering soaring unemployment levels among young people in Italy 's Campania [ wiki ] region - history 's first job - creation program catering solely to the physically attractive .
With a grant of 1 million euros , the EU opened First Tel School , a quasi-educational program designed to train students to become TV game show hostesses .
The eight - month program , labeled " bimbo school " by critics , offered courses on diction , make - up , and other skills necessary to get a job on one of the country 's many popular game and variety shows .
The school 's de facto policy of discriminating against all of Campania 's less toothsome residents aside , First Tel also failed to admit enough students to offer any kind of relief to the region 's unemployed population ( which was estimated to be 50 percent of young people ) .
Fewer than 100 spots were made available to the 1,200 Vanna
White wannabes who applied .
Worse still , even those who did make the cut received a whopping 2 euros for every class attended , as well as auditions for parts in the shows First Tel produced for Italian television stations .
Meanwhile , rejected applicants remained unemployed and got daily , televised reminders of how unappealing they were .
See also : Bimbo School article in USA Today 7 .
Teton Dam The Great Idea : Dam the Snake Teton River in Idaho .
Sounds easy enough .
The Great Big Problem : Holding back the river 's 80 billion gallons of water proved more difficult than engineers thought .
Cost to Taxpayers : $ 100 million in construction fees and another $ 2 billion in damage .
The planning and design phase of the Teton Dam in southeastern Idaho took nearly three decades ; the construction took a little more than four years .
The dam 's total collapse , however , took exactly one afternoon .
Realizing you just wasted some serious tax dollars ?
Priceless .
Built for just under $ 100 million between 1972 and 1976 , the Teton Dam was supposed to provide irrigation , electricity , and ( ironically ) flood prevention for the thousands of people living in its 305 - foot - tall shadow .
But as the reservoir reached its full capacity on June 3 , 1976 , several small leaks began to appear in the dam .
Crews were sent to patch the holes , but larger cracks followed , letting through water that eventually engulfed bulldozers and sent workmen fleeing in terror .
Then , on June 5 , the dam suddenly collapsed , sending more than 80 billion gallons of water rushing out of the reservoir and into the valley below .
By the time the water stabilized more than five hours later , 11 people had died and hundreds of thousands of acres of land had been flooded .
Despite the estimated $ 2 billion in damages , officials seriously considered constructing a new dam for several years afterwards .
Eventually the idea was abandoned , but more recently , the flood site has gotten some good use as the route of the Teton Dam Marathon .
See also : Teton Dam Failure | Teton Dam [ wiki ] __________
The article above was written by Doug Cantor for the Nov-Dec 2006 issue of mental_floss magazine ( the 5th Anniversary edition ! ) - it is featured on Neatorama in partnership with mental_floss .
Be sure to check out mental_floss ' website and blog :
When Garry Kasparov was beaten , to his furious humiliation , by IBM's Deep Blue chess computer in 1997 , it left human players pondering their future .
Draughts , Othello , backgammon , Scrabble : by the start of this century , each had been all but conquered by machines .
But do n't worry .
Almost a decade later , with Moore 's Law still at work , there is still a board game in which humans reign supreme .
The game is Go , an oriental game of strategy .
It sounds superficially easy .
The board is a 19 by 19 grid of intersecting lines .
The pieces ( called " stones " ) are black or white , and identical .
Once placed on the board , they do not move ( unless surrounded and captured ) or change colour .
The object is to use one 's stones to surround as many blank intersections ( called " territory " ) as possible .
And that 's about it .
Even the lure of a US $ 1 million prize for the first program to beat a human professional went uncollected after the deadline passed in 2000 .
No program has yet come close to meeting the challenge .
Now , however , there may be a new attack on this outpost of humanity .
At Microsoft 's research centre in Cambridge , scientists are taking a simpler approach to working out how to beat the best humans .
They 're telling their program what the best humans did against each other in thousands of games , providing a vast repertoire of millions of moves .
Are computers about to invade another piece of our gameplaying territory ?
A board of possibilities
While simple to explain and to learn , Go has subtle gradations of ability .
There are hundreds of professionals , mainly in Japan , Korea and China , yet even the best computer version is only as good as an average European club player , who is as far from being professional as the average tennis club player is from playing at Wimbledon .
Even the best Go-playing program is presently only ranked about 9 kyu .
Why are computers so bad at Go ?
First , playing
Go plunges a computer into a sea of possibilities in which most drown .
A chess board , with 64 squares , is comparatively tiny : each turn offers about 30 possible legal moves .
In Go , with 361 points , few moves are illegal , offering more possibilities - on average , about 200 per turn .
Thus the total number of possible moves in chess is between 1060 and 1070 ; in Go it is about 10250 .
Secondly , according to David Stern of the Cavendish Laboratory in Cambridge , who is working on a doctorate on computer
Go with the team at Microsoft , it is very hard to determine , for each move , what its effects will be .
Although the stones do not move , their presence affects the value and " strength " of the others ; adjacent stones of the same colour form " groups " which are harder to capture .
That 's unlike chess , where it is comparatively easy to determine the " static value " of all the pieces at any time , because there are only 32 at most , where a Go board constantly fills with new pieces .
" It is very difficult to produce an efficient ' static evaluation ' function to compute the value of board positions in Go for a particular player , " notes Stern .
" The reason is that the stones on the Go board influence each other 's value in complex ways .
The value of a particular stone to a player is derived from its relationships with the surrounding stones , not from itself . "
The effect is that in Go there are many non-ideal moves at any point , but because games last longer - typically about 200 moves ( 100 stones placed by each side ) rather than 70 ( 35 by both sides ) in chess - it 's harder to look far ahead enough to see a non-ideal move 's defects show up .
David Fotland - author of the Go-playing program Many Faces of Go , still ranked one of the strongest available - reckons that for humans , reading ahead is actually easier in Go than in chess .
" People are visual , and the board configuration and relationships change less from move to move than they do in chess , " he told the Intelligent Go website ( intelligentgo.org ) .
It 's the visual element of the game that nobody can quite put into code .
Go has a visual element ; a high - good level player will reject a potential move because its " shape " - that is , the position of a stone move being considered in relation to the stones already there - " looks bad " .
They 're not intuitively obvious .
Equally , good players also talk of stones and groups having " influence " on other parts of the board , or being " heavy " or " light " or " overextended " .
More simply , " urgent " moves are those that will bolsterthe player 's position ; good players consistently choose the most urgent moves .
But computer chess games do n't understand chess ; they just got better at crunching moves .
Wo n't brute force do the job on Go , as it did in other games ?
No , says Bob Myers , who runs the Intelligent Go website .
" A very rough estimate might be that the evaluation function [ for computer Go ] is , at best , 100 times slower than chess , and the branching factor is four times greater at each play ; taken together , the performance requirements for a chess - like approach to Go can be estimated as 1027 times greater than that for computer chess .
Moore 's
Law holds that computing power doubles every 18 months , so that means we might have a computer that could play Go using these techniques sometime in the 22nd century . "
Now , though , Stern and the Microsoft team are trying a different tack .
Instead of wondering how to get a computer to beat a human , they are showing the computer how humans beat each other - by creating a huge database of moves and positions from professional games .
So far they have fed in around 180,000 games , adding them to a huge database so the program can pick the best available in any given situation .
Thore Graepel , of the machine learning and perception research group at Microsoft Cambridge , who is helping coordinate the work , says that both the winner 's and loser 's moves are included : " From the point of view of the computer , these pros are so much better that any variation in their skills is minimal , compared to the computer 's playing strength . "
In other words , it 's better to play like a losing pro than the best computer .
Speed advantage
And how well does it perform ?
Graepel , who is an amateur shodan ( the Go equivalent of a black belt ) , says that the program plays to about 10 kyu level .
Improvement will rely on getting better at recognising when groups of stones are at risk of being surrounded and captured .
But one thing it does have over rival programs , and humans , is speed : " It 's fast - about 10 milliseconds per move , " Graepel says .
Other programs can take minutes to consider any board layout .
However Charles Matthews , a 3 - dan
Go player also based in Cambridge , is unpersuaded .
" If you can't beat your computer Go opponent , you are going to be one of the rabbits at the local Go club .
But further progress has been by rather small increments .
The top programs used to be about 8 kyu ; they might have crept up to 7 kyu , but that should mean that I , as a 3 dan , would have a hard time giving them a nine - stone handicap [ a nine - turn head start ] , and that is n't my experience . "
While it's hard to know how well humans are playing , Matthews reckons that amateur shodans play at about 90 % efficiency , and top professionals at about 98 % efficiency .
" That is with a purely hypothetical notion of ' perfect play ' being a few handicap stones beyond top pros . "
Graepel accepts that gaps remain .
But he also thinks there may be a deeper reason why computers remain bad at Go , and humans good .
" I believe Go requires certain human characteristics - visual recognition , matching shapes and logical reasoning .
You have to do spatial reasoning about which direction should you play .
It 's all about predator and prey , hunting and chasing , and territory .
All these are very basic yet complex human facilities .
They 're all useful in our natural environment for other things . "
The implication is that computers are bad at Go because they 're still bad at being human .
Which might come as some relief .
In 2002 , David Levy , one of the earliest drivers of computer chess , wrote ( in Do not pass Go , October 24 2002 ) : " Perhaps Go will be the final bastion in man 's attempts to stave off his inevitable intellectual defeat at the hands of the machine . "
Despite humanity 's own best efforts to undermine it , the bastion still looks remarkably solid .
Go rankings : kyu to dan
40 kyu : Child beginner
25 kyu : Adult learner
15 kyu : Top - level social player
10 kyu :
Weak club player
4 - 5 kyu : Average club player
1 kyu /1 dan : Transition to expert ( equivalent to county - level chess player )
2 dan : Competent well - informed amateur
3 - 4 dan : Good amateur
5 - 6 dan : Strong amateur ( top 100 in Europe , top 10,000 in South Korea ! )
7 dan : Amateur good enough to be professional 1 dan ; can play world 's best without embarrassment
Pro 4 dan : can make a living at Go in East Asia ( akin to golf tour professional )
Pro 9 dan : among top 100 in world ; can win pro tournament
( with thanks to Charles Matthews )
· If you 'd like to comment on any aspect of Technology Guardian , send your emails to tech@theguardian.com
Avichal Garg , Karan Goel and Joseph Jewell StoryGetting into a top college seems tougher than ever these days , and even the best high school students stress out about the SATs .
Joseph Jewell , however , approached the test with a different mindset , treating it as a game .
" It was fun to try to beat the SATs .
I looked at it as a challenge to accumulate as many points as I could , " he says .
His strategy worked .
He scored a perfect 1600 , enrolled at the California Institute of Technology in 2001 , and that same year co-wrote a book , Up Your Score : The Underground Guide to the SAT .
Confident that other students could profit from his approach , Jewell - - who became a 2005 Rhodes Scholar and is now earning a master 's degree in engineering and science at Oxford University -- launched an online SAT - preparation service in January called PrepMe .
He teamed up with partners Avichal Garg , who recently graduated from Stanford with a BS in computer science , and Karan Goel , an MBA student at the University of Chicago , both of whom he met on the Princeton Review message board .
Unlike Kaplan and the Princeton Review , the giant SAT prep companies that teach a single test - taking methodology , PrepMe offers several ways to tackle the questions .
First it gives the student a diagnostic exam to identify her weaknesses , and then it uses relevant , repetitive drills to conquer them .
To gain an edge over Kaplan and the Princeton Review , PrepMe provides 20 to 60 hours more preparation material for about the same price .
It also offers live essay coaching via e-mail , instant messaging , and phone .
" With the exception of expensive private tutors , what 's out there has always been a mass - market approach , " says Goel , the company 's CEO .
" We 're changing the way test preparation is taught .
" Timing seems to favor PrepMe .
The number of students taking the SAT has increased by 17 % since five years ago , according to the College Board , which administers the exam .
Last year students took 1.4 million SAT tests .
Another factor : the College Board this year added a new personal essay section to the SAT and included more advanced algebra questions .
Many students are frantic to know what they 're all about .
At the same time , the $ 6 billion online education market is growing by 25 % to 30 % annually , and there is room for new players , says Eric Bassett , director of research at Boston - based Eduventures , a research firm .
" To establish a small revenue stream in this market is very possible .
" PrepMe face tough rivals in the $ 700 million - plus test - prep market .
Kaplan and Princeton Review each control about 25 % of the sector .
" For a startup to move beyond a few million in annual revenues is going to be quite challenging , " says Bassett .
And the behemoths in the industry are paying attention to the online market .
The Princeton Review recently launched its own handheld gadget , which helps students prepare for the SAT with a 5,000 - word vocabulary list .
PrepMe 's co-founders say they are confident that both the company 's curriculum , based on the test - taking approaches of top scorers , and the use of tutors close in age to their target customers will help them stand out .
They spent three years developing their teaching methods , interviewing dozens of recent , high - scoring SAT test takers and having each write two or three practice questions .
The firm also plans to compete on price , charging $ 500 for its course .
Rival companies typically charge $ 1,000 a course , and tutors command fees of $ 70 an hour and up .
PrepMe 's efforts have already begun to pay off .
With a 12 - person staff , including tutors , the company has so far attracted plenty of clients .
In the next few years , PrepMe 's founders hope to roll out curricula for additional standardized tests , such as the PSAT .
The company is also hard at work on a new technology that will allow its students to prepare for the SAT on the run via cellphones and text messaging .
Co-founder Goel notes that PrepMe 's young team has a powerful advantage over its more established competitors : " We do n't sleep . "
London won a two - way fight with Paris by 54 votes to 50 at the IOC meeting in Singapore , after bids from Moscow , New York and Madrid were eliminated .
Prime Minister Tony Blair called the win " a momentous day " for Britain .
Paris had been favourites throughout the campaign but London 's hopes were raised after an impressive presentation by Lord Coe , the bid chairman .
IOC president Jacques Rogge made the dramatic announcement at 1249 BST .
It will be the first time the Olympics has been held in Britain since 1948 .
Coe said : " This is just the most fantastic opportunity to do everything we ever dreamed of in British sport . "
The Queen , in a message to Coe , said : " I send my warmest congratulations to you and every member of the London 2012 team for winning the bid for the UK .
" It 's a really outstanding achievement to beat such a highly competitive field . "
HOW VOTE UNFOLDED Round 1 : Moscow out Round 2 : New York out ; Madrid lead in tight poll Round 3 : Madrid out Round 4 : London 54 - 50 Paris
Full details : Round by round
News of London 's victory delighted flag - waving supporters who had gathered in Trafalgar Square and Stratford in the East End of London , where the new Olympic park will be built .
Shares of British construction companies soared , while mortgage lenders predicted house prices in the capital would rocket .
But raindrops began falling on disappointed Parisians outside the Hotel de Ville in the French capital shortly after the result .
Mr Blair had helped London 's late momentum with a whistlestop 48 - hour visit to Singapore , before flying back for the G8 summit in Scotland .
Breaking off from the meeting of world leaders , he said of London : " Many reckon it is the greatest capital city in the world and the Olympics will help keep it that way . "
Rogge had correctly forecast a cliffhanger vote , and offered his congratulations to the winners .
" We knew the two bids were very , very close .
Well done , London .
It will be a superb Games and will strengthen the Olympics , " he said .
An hour after the decision , London 's bid leaders were greeted by warm applause as they signed the official contract to stage the Games .
This is how the decision was made by the IOC in Singapore on Wednesday :
All five bidding cities gave final 45 - minute presentations to the IOC members before the vote began .
The electronic ballot started at 1126 BST .
Moscow , New York and Madrid were eliminated from the race in the first , second and third rounds of voting .
The final round of voting finished at about 1145 BST , with the committee reconvening at 1230 BST for the official announcement .
Rogge revealed the winner , after a nerve - wracking wait , at 1249 BST .
Wednesday 's decision brings to an end the 18 - month race to win the host contract for the 2012 Games .
And it was the most keenly - fought bidding contest in recent years .
Paris was considered the front - runner for much of the campaign , and was highly rated in the initial evaluation and also by the inspectors after their visits earlier in the year .
But it was widely recognised that bid leader Lord Coe , a high - profile personality within the IOC and other governing bodies , hauled London closer to the French capital as the vote approached .
Everyone was all together and we never lost our confidence
Bid leader Lord Coe on London 's Olympic victory Games triumph hailed
Madrid was seen as a consistent but not outstanding candidate , while New York 's bid was dogged by problems over their proposed stadium , and Moscow was always seen as the rank outsider .
Once attention moved to Singapore , the bidding cities called on political and sporting heavyweights to champion their causes .
And the spotlight inevitably focused on Paris and London in the days leading up to the vote .
The two cities had President Chirac and Prime Minister Blair respectively in their corners .
Mr Chirac actually took part in the French capital 's final presentation on Wednesday , while Mr Blair opted to lobby alongside the London bid team in Singapore before flying back to Britain to host the G8 summit .
London also called on England captain David Beckham and a galaxy of Olympic and Paralympic medallists as ambassadors , while footballers Laurent Blanc and Zinedine Zidane were among those backing the Paris bid .
Robert Reich says there are three things you should know :
China Growth , by Robert Reich : I 've been watching the statistics coming out of China about its economic growth .
Here are three things you should know .
( 1 ) The people managing China 's economy ( I 'm not talking about the politicians but about the financial and economic wizards who are actually making decisions about money supply , capital markets , and the like ) are extremely good .
They match the best economic minds anywhere in the world .
In other words , they know what they 're doing .
( 2 ) The latest data show China is now growing at a rate faster than 11 percent .
That 's extraordinary .
It 's faster than China has been growing for the last five years -- and that was faster than anyone had predicted .
China 's rate of economic growth is the biggest economic news in the world .
( 3 ) That growth is putting huge demands on world energy supplies , and raw materials .
Oil prices will continue to rise , as will all other commodities .
This is the most important economic fact in the world right now .
It is also among the most important political facts in the world .
The Poincare Conjecture says " hey , you 've got this alien blob that can ooze its way out of the hold of any lasso you tie around it ?
Then that blob is just an out - of - shape ball " .
Perelman and Hamilton proved this fact by heating the blob up , making it sing , stretching it like hot mozzarella and chopping it into a million pieces .
In short , the alien ai n't no bagel you can swing around with a string through his hole .
One of the oldest and most simply stated problems in topology is the Poincare Conjecture .
This conjecture states that the only compact three dimensional simply connected manifold is a three dimensional sphere .
While most senior undergraduate math majors can understand the statement of this conjecture the problem has baffled mathematicians for over a century .
In recent years Hamilton had been investigating an approach to solve this problem using the Ricci Flow , an equation which evolves and morphs a manifold into a more understandable shape .
Then in late 2002 , after many years of studying Hamilton 's work and investigating the concept of entropy , Perelman posted an article which combined with Hamilton 's work would provide a proof of Thurston 's Geometrization Conjecture and , thus , the Poincare Conjecture .
Since then many experts have added necessary details to Perelman 's ideas , some providing short cuts which would prove the Poincare Conjecture directly without the difficulties involved in the complete proof of Geometrization .
Transparencies :
The Human Side ( please check out the transparencies above first ) :
Perelman had been a postdoc at Courant Institute ( NYU ) working with my thesis advisor , Jeff Cheeger , when I was a graduate student there .
A postdoc is someone who has completed a PhD and is continuing to focus on research for a few years prior to settling into a tenure track position as a professor .
Often graduate students talk to postdocs when they have questions about math articles and are nervous to approach their advisors .
I recall Perelman was quite helpful on a few occasions describing the key ideas in a paper .
He described ideas in pictures and would explain the overall concept as well as the details .
He was quite tolerant of graduate students and our often naive questions .
He later became a professor at the Steklov Institute Leningrad , choosing this purely research professorship over quite a few options here in the United States .
Although I did n't keep in touch with him personally , my advisor sent me copies of unpublished work Perelman would send to him .
I used them for my research and went on to become a postdoc myself .
During a postdoc with Shing - Tung Yau , I met Hamilton who was regularly visitting Yau and was intensely working with him to solve Thurston 's Geometrization Conjecture .
The Poincare Conjecture would be a simple consequence of Thurston 's Geometrization .
Hamilton was a dynamic professor .
He was not as geometric in his examination of mathematics as Perelman .
He was an expert with formulas and in this sense he was more of an analyst than a geometer .
However , once his proofs were completed with analysis ( the construction of crucial inqualities involving derivatives ) , his results were geometric .
Hamilton was very friendly , loved horses and wind surfing as well as mathematics .
He gave fun talks with plenty of pictures and , when relevant , he even liked to draw bunnies .
While Hamilton had completed many steps towards proving Thurston 's conjecture , he was stuck on an issue involving the development of a singularity ( a place where the derivatives are not defined ) and something called the cigar soliton .
He openly admitted that this soliton was the key difficulty hindering his program and welcomed others to tackle the question .
When Perelman posted his paper `` The entropy formula for the Ricci flow and its geometric applications '' on the mathematics arxiv , it immediately looked like he might have overcome Hamilton 's issue using a brilliant new concept .
However , unlike a typical paper submitted for publication , Perelman 's posted article was more of a sketch than a detailed proof .
While the work did give convincing arguements eliminating the cigar soliton , Perelman did not claim to have proven the Thurston Geometrization Conjecture until the end of a second even more difficult paper , " Ricci Flow with Surgery on Three Manifolds " .
he posted soon after .
Perelman then came to the United States to give talks on his results and I was able to attend a week 's worth of talks he gave at Stony Brook in April 2003 .
His talks were very geometric , full of pictures , and he answered everyone 's questions in quite a bit of detail .
In fact , he allowed himself to be grilled by experts for hours every afternoon .
He was apparently not happy to have the attention of the press and soon returned to Russia .
Since Perelman first posted `` The entropy formula for the Ricci flow and its geometric applications '' and " Ricci flow with surgery on three - manifolds ' ' , mathematicians have been checking his work in detail and some have posted papers which clarify certain aspects of his proofs .
See here for work by Kleiner - Lott and others .
Kleiner and Lott explain that Perelman 's papers " contain some incorrect statements and incomplete arguements " but that " they did not find any serious problems , meaning problems that cannot be corrected using methods introduced by Perelman " in their completed Notes on Perelman 's Papers .
Before this conclusion was reached by these authors , significant work had been completed .
Finishing Poincare : A third paper posted by Perelman and a paper by Colding - Minicozzi provide descriptions which make short cuts to prove Poincare 's Conjecture without proving all of Thurston 's Geometrization .
They use minimal surface or soap - film techniques .
Morgan - Tian have written out an almost 500 page detailed proof of the Poincare Conjecture providing the background and details for Perelman 's proof of the Poincare Conjecture .
Finishing Geometrization :
To complete geometrization , in his second paper , Perelman develops a clever thick - thin decomposition of the manifold .
He then describes how one can apply collapsing theory to understand the topology of the thin part .
Shioya - Yamaguchi then wrote a paper with a necessary adaption of Cheeger - Gromov collapsing theory required to understand the collapsing of thin manifolds .
Complete details of one way to divide the manifold into thick and thin parts was then provided by Cao - Zhu .
The Cao - Zhu paper , originally published in Asian Journal of Mathematics ( and later updated on the arxiv with a modified introduction and abstract ) is an almost 300 page detailed proof of geometrization based on Hamilton - Perelman 's work .
Kleiner - Lott also have finalized their extensive notes providing " details " for " Perelman 's arguements for the Geometrization Conjecture . "
All of these extensive treatises on the subject require serious mathematics and insight needed to complete the proofs on a rigorous level .
It should be noted that all the mathematicians mentioned here are well known mathematicians in their own right with important results quite distinct from their involvement in the Poincare Conjecture , including Hamilton and Perelman .
This is not the result of single dedicated mathematician working in a vacuum but rather of the combined efforts of many .
It is the culmination of a century of research in Riemannian Geometry and in Analysis .
The Millenium Prize :
On March 18 , 2010 , the Clay Mathematics Institute has determined that Perelman should be awarded a Millenium Prize for his solution of the Poincare Conjecture .
Their press release provides yet another resource for those interested in reading about the mathematics and the verification process .
Regretably this award has lead to an intrusion on Perelman 's privacy once again by the press .
For Perelman , the true award for solving this problem was the act of discovering the solution himself .
People do not become mathematicians out of the hope of winning a million dollar prize someday .
Please do not encourage the press to pursue him further .
Webpage written by Christina Sormani , CUNY Graduate Center and Lehman College
By JoCo • October 14 , 2005
This week is a cover of Baby Got Back by Sir Mix - a - Lot ( note : he is not an actual knight ) .
Had to activate the whole team for this one – guitar , mandolin , banjo and even some shakers and tambourines and other things lying around the house .
I ’ve wanted to cover this song for a long time , because it is excellent – there ’s a wonderful message in there for those of you who have big butts .
In the proud tradition of many white Americans who came before me I hereby steal and white - ify this thick and juicy piece of black culture .
Watch for my album “ Jonathan Coulton Sings Songs by Black People . ”
Here is the song : Baby Got Back
Buy the song
Send a Donation
Hear more music
Oh , and do n’t forget to vote for your favorite Shop Vac solo over there on the right .
UPDATE : New plan !
New plan !
I forgot I said you could submit through this weekend .
So we ’ll stop the voting and continue on Monday once I have all the entries .
You can snooze once but then Clocky will jump off of your nightstand ,
and run around beeping , determined to get you out of bed .
© All Rights Reserved .
Please do not distribute without written permission from Damn Interesting .
This article is marked as ' retired ' .
The information here may be out of date and / or incomplete .
One morning in 1994 Kenji Takeuchi , founder and owner of Mugen Denko ( a Japanese electrical services firm ) , was on his way to work when he witnessed a motorcycle accident .
The rider , as in most serious motorcycle accidents , went flying off his bike .
Mr. Takeuchi found himself consumed with questions about the accident – How badly injured was the cyclist ?
Did he have family that would be devastated by his accident ?
And finally , was there a way to protect other cyclists from injury ?
Protecting motorcyclists proved to be a trickier concept than protecting car occupants .
A rider will almost invariably come off his bike in an accident , leaving him to hit the pavement at high speed .
Some 90 % of serious injuries and fatalities come from the resultant upper body impact .
Because of this , any safety equipment had to be on the cyclist or it would do no good .
Takeuchi thought that an airbag would be good protection against such impacts , but how to put an airbag on the cyclist ?
Another difficulty was figuring out how to create safety equipment that the average motorcyclist would be willing to wear .
How could he create something that would look like normal motorcycle wear yet still protect a rider ?
The problem had him stumped for a while , but then a friend invited him to go scuba - diving .
Part of the diver ’s gear was an emergency bag containing a key .
When the key was pulled out , the bag automatically inflated , pulling an incapacitated diver to the surface .
Takeuchi saw possibilities .
If the safety jacket could be attached to the motorcycle , then the separation of rider and cycle during an accident could act as the trigger for airbags attached to the jacket itself .
By 1996 , Takeuchi had a prototype ready to go .
His new motorcycle jacket had inflatable pockets in strategic areas , a pressurized gas canister , and a key , much like the emergency diver ’s buoy .
A coiled wire attached the key to the motorcycle .
In the event of a crash , the wire would pull out the key if the rider flew off his motorcycle .
The jacket would then inflate automatically , protecting him from impact .
After about six seconds the jacket would deflate , allowing the rider full motion again .
A quick release button allowed the wearer to get off the motorcycle without triggering the jacket .
Takeuchi showed his prototype at shows in Osaka and Tokyo , but the motorcycle manufacturers were not interested in a product they felt would remind buyers of the dangers of motorcycles .
Undeterred , Takeuchi perfected his design , and in 1999 began selling his inflatable jacket under the name Eggparka to modest success .
In 2001 , he relaunched under the name Hit - Air .
Despite the motorcycle manufacturers ’ doubt , the new airbag jacket began to sell .
In 2003 , Mugen Denko won a contract to supply Hit -Air jackets to the Ibarangi Prefecture motorcycle force , and by 2005 they were doing 1.5 million annual revenue in Asia , Australia , Europe , and South America .
Due to product liability issues , the Hit - Air has not yet been marketed in the US , but if it ever does its sales could rise considerably higher .
While numbers on the safety effects of the Hit - Air jackets in actual accidents are not available , the shock absorption capability of the jacket in product tests is impressive .
Certainly the company has no shortage of letters from grateful customers attesting that the Hit - Air products have saved their lives .
The total number of Hit - Air users , though , is still only a tiny percentage of those who ride motorcycles .
Whether the concept of an airbag jacket for the motorcycle will ever become as accepted is car airbags have been remains to be seen .
SIGHS of relief all round greeted the touchdown of STS 114 , as the latest space - shuttle flight is known to the cognoscenti .
In truth , this was the most mollycoddled mission in NASA 's history , so if anything serious had gone wrong with it the agency would probably not have emerged intact from the wreckage .
Now , although there are still doubts about whether there will ever be an STS 115 , the show can go on .
And the next act , expected within a few days — or weeks at most — will be the unveiling of detailed plans for a return to the moon .
But NASA has been upstaged .
This week , Space Adventures , a firm based in Arlington , Virginia , announced that it is offering a private trip to the moon for two fare - paying passengers .
The catch is the fare — the small matter of $ 100 m a seat .
Although it may seem implausible that a tiny company could offer such a trip , Space Adventures has already organised travel to the International Space Station for two fare - paying passengers , and a third is due to fly in October , so its proposals for lunar tourism need to be taken seriously .
And the firm is not actually offering a holiday on the moon .
That would be impossible with existing spacecraft .
Instead , tourists will follow a figure - of - eight path that will take them swooping low over the surface of the far side of the moon , and then back to Earth .
Space Adventures would not , of course , transport the lunar tourists in its own fleet .
The hardware and the pilots would , like those for its trips to the space station , be provided respectively by RSC Energia , Russia 's leading spacecraft - maker , and by the Russian Space Agency .
However , unlike the space - station jaunts , a trip around the moon would not be a mere commercial recapitulation of a type of mission that had already been flown .
Soyuz , Russia 's manned spacecraft , is a tried and tested design , but it has never been to the moon .
For that to happen , a Soyuz capsule will have to be launched into orbit on one booster rocket , and then dock with a second booster that has been launched from Earth as a separate payload by yet a third booster .
The second booster will provide the oomph necessary to get to the moon and back .
Alternatively , for the full extraterrestrial experience , the Soyuz might dock with the space station , allowing passengers a few days in Earth orbit before they go on to the moon .
Eric Anderson , the president of Space Adventures , says that one of the things that makes Soyuz suitable for this mission is that during the cold war space race , the Russians were developing a stripped - down version of Soyuz for a trip to the moon .
Nevertheless , some extra research and development would be necessary , as well as modifications to the navigation system , and the enlargement of the craft 's window .
The latter will have the double benefit of giving passengers a better view and allowing high - resolution pictures of the surface of the moon to be taken .
Surprisingly , such holiday snaps would be the first close - up , high - res photos of the lunar surface , which would add a gloss of scientific respectability to the whole enterprise .
According to Mr Anderson , the $ 200 m mission fee will cover the cost of a test launch with an unmanned Soyuz , as well as the costs of the modifications .
And if somebody stumped up money now , the mission would be ready to fly in five years .
The big question is : who would pay $ 100 m ?
Space Adventures ' market research suggests that at least 1,000 people could afford to do so .
Whether any of these billionaires are also brave enough to venture into deep space , and to the far side of the moon , remains to be seen .
ANCHORAGE , Alaska —
A new explosive has begun to replace 19th century black powder as Alaska Natives seek more humane weaponry in the traditional hunt for bowhead whales .
“ It ’s a lot safer , ” said Eugene Brower , a Barrow whaling captain who chairs the Alaska Eskimo Whaling Commission ’s weapons improvement program .
Brower trains
Native whaling captains to handle a harpoon - launched grenade loaded with penthrite , a World War I - era explosive used in demolition .
“ They love it , ” Brower said of the whaling captains .
“ It ’s four times the strength of black powder .
With black powder , the meat has a gas taste . ”
Alaska ’s whaling commission began researching new weaponry when the 66 - member International Whaling Commission mandated two decades ago that more humane methods be developed .
The commission wanted to reduce the number of whales lost at sea after being hit by explosives and to decrease the time it took for a whale to die after being struck .
Researchers in 1995 reported Alaska bowhead whales lived about 60 minutes after being hit with black - powder grenades ; bowheads hit with penthrite grenades survived only about 15 minutes .
“ We have a position that no whaling is humane , ” said Patricia Forkhan , president of Humane Society International .
“ But Alaska Natives have worked a long time toward a more humane and efficient hunt , and we ’ve been supportive .
If penthrite is working , that ’s good . ”
Penthrite , short for pentaerythritol tetranitrate , is used in blasting caps and easily detonates .
Once the grenade penetrates the whale ’s skin and explodes , it produces a concussion that lethally shocks the central nervous system .
Brad Smith , an Anchorage biologist with the National Marine Fisheries Service , said penthrite has a high probability of killing even if the grenade does not strike a vital area .
Black powder , which dates to 19th - century Yankee whaling , is a slow - burning explosive that generally kills by causing hemorrhage .
If a whale is struck near a vital organ , death can be swift .
But multiple strikes sometimes are needed , endangering crews in traditional , wooden - ribbed boats as a bowhead thrashes in icy seas .
By virtually assuring a swift death , penthrite grenades have increased the chance that a whale will pulled in safely .
Bowheads measure 50 feet or more and can weigh up to 110 tons .
About 30 of Alaska ’s 160 Native whaling captains have completed a training and certification program offered by the Alaska whaling commission and taught by Brower .
Alaska whalers take bowheads from protected stocks that number about 10,000 animals and range in the Bering , Chukchi and Beaufort seas .
The hunt is overseen by the International Whaling Commission and managed by the Alaska commission for its 10 member villages .
—
On the Net :
http://www.iwcoffice.org/
http://www.uark.edu/misc/jcdixon/Historic_Whaling/
Comments
comments
GOP aide busted for fake blog posts on liberal sites RAW STORY
Published : Monday September 25 , 2006 Print This Email This Liberal bloggers have uncovered a staff member to Rep. Charles Bass ( R - NH ) using government computers to make fake posts on liberal blogs in New Hampshire , today 's ROLL CALL reports .
Heard on The Hill columnist Mary Ann Akers has authorized RAW STORY to reprint the full registration - restricted item below : # Liberal bloggers in New Hampshire busted an aide to Rep. Charles Bass ( R - N.H. ) who was posing as a liberal blogger on such blogs as Blue Granite , NH - 02 Progressive and others .
Bass ’ office admitted culpability to HOH and said the staffer would be “ appropriately disciplined . ”
The unnamed aide to Bass — who , like many others in his party , faces a tough re-election fight — was routinely trolling liberal New Hampshire political blogs calling himself “ IndyNH ” and more commonly IndieNH , pretending to be a progressive .
Finally , after noticing that lots of things he said just did n’t add up , a couple of the bloggers traced IndieNH ’s IP address to the House of Representatives .
And they thought , “ How many offices in the U.S. House would be interested in one race in New Hampshire ? ”
The answer : Very few .
Probably only one .
Laura Clawson , who runs the Blue Granite blog and writes as “ Miss Laura , ” told HOH that she and another blogger easily traced IndieNH ’s IP address to the House server .
They could even see the searches Mr. or Ms. IndieNH was doing to gather opposition research on Bass ’ challenger , Paul Hodes ( D ) , such as “ Hodes and gay marriage ” and “ Hodes and taxes . ”
The poseur had raised suspicions among liberal bloggers after he pooh - poohed a recent poll showing Bass tied with Hodes and suggested that Democrats should not waste any more time or money on the Hodes race and instead should invest their resources in other races .
“ I am going to look at the competitive race list to figure out where to send another mydd.com / netroots donation and maybe help out in other ways , ” IndieNH posted .
“ Maybe CT or NY for me — they are at least close by .
Anyone interested in pooling NH efforts for some of those races ?
Maybe we could even go help out for a few days in buses or something in November ? ”
After Clawson posted a notice on her site informing IndieNH that he ( or she — Clawson was n’t sure ) had been rooted out as a GOP aide in Bass ’ office , the postings ceased .
The aide ’s job could cease , too .
John Billings , a spokesman for Bass , acknowledged that “ we have questioned the staff and found that a staffer in this office did indeed post to some blogs under the pseudonym ‘ IndieNH . ’
There was no good reason for this , just a serious lapse of judgment , and the staffer will be appropriately disciplined . ”
Billings , who would not identify the offending staffer , said the office issued a memo “ clarifying that posting messages to blogs or other web sites from government computers is a violation of office policy .
Congressman Bass will not tolerate this sort of activity in his office . ”
The incident follows a string of cases in which Capitol Hill aides have been caught modifying entries on Members in Wikipedia , the online encyclopedia .
Billings added that while the action was certainly a violation of office policy , “ whether or not it was a violation of House rules and what disciplinary action is necessary or appropriate is under review . ”
No one was more disappointed to hear of the transgression than the folks on the Hodes campaign .
( Yeah , right . )
“ It ’s a safe bet that Bass staffers are the only people on the House network who spend their days reading blogs on the district and running Internet searches on Paul Hodes , ” said Hodes spokesman Reid Cherlin .
“ I guess when you roll over on the big issues you end up with a lot of time on your hands — but I ’m pretty sure the taxpayers meant those computers to be used for legislating , not campaigning . ”
Several African countries have had monarchies in the context of the modern nation - state .
JOSEPH LANGANFINBenin
An experimental gaming blog covering topics related to the gaming realm .
2020-01-06
Are you looking to redesign your bathroom ?
If you ’re looking for a versatile material that you can place in various places in your bathroom , think about using Terrazzo .
You may be thinking that Terrazzo is from the ’ 80 s but if you do some research on the upgrades that are happeningRead More →
// A scratch memory module for Python .
Just allocates a block
// of memory and gives the user access to it and its address .
#include < python2.4/Python.h >
#define SCRATCH_SIZE
1024 * 10 // 10 kB
int * scratch_mem_ptr ;
PyObject * readw ( self , args ) PyObject * self , *args ; {
PyObject * result = NULL ;
int offset ;
int val ;
if ( PyArg_ParseTuple ( args , " i " , &offset ) ) {
val = *( scratch_mem_ptr + offset ) ;
result = Py_BuildValue ( " i " , val ) ;
}
return result ;
}
PyObject * writew ( self , args ) PyObject * self , *args ; {
PyObject * result = NULL ;
int offset ;
int val ;
if ( PyArg_ParseTuple ( args , " ii " , &offset , &val ) ) {
*( scratch_mem_ptr + offset ) = val ;
result = Py_BuildValue ( " " ) ;
}
return result ;
}
PyObject * get_addr ( self , args ) PyObject * self , *args ; {
PyObject * result = NULL ;
if ( PyArg_ParseTuple ( args , " " ) ) {
result = Py_BuildValue ( " i " , scratch_mem_ptr ) ;
}
return result ;
}
PyMethodDef methods [ ] = {
{ " readw " , readw , METH_VARARGS } ,
{ " writew " , writew , METH_VARARGS } ,
{ " get_addr " , get_addr , METH_VARARGS } ,
{ NULL , NULL } ,
} ;
void initscratchmem ( ) {
( void ) Py_InitModule ( " scratchmem " , methods ) ;
scratch_mem_ptr = malloc( SCRATCH_SIZE ) ;
}
scratchmem.c
gcc - Wall - g - I/usr / include / python2.4/ -c scratchmem.c - o scratchmem.o
ld - shared scratchmem .o -o scratchmem.so
>>> import scratchmem
>>> hex ( scratchmem.get_addr ( ) )
' 0x81769 c8 '
>>> for offset in range ( 4 ) :
... scratchmem.writew( offset << 2 , 0xffff0000 + offset )
...
>>> for offset in range ( 4 ) :
... print hex( scratchmem.readw( offset << 2 ) )
...
0xffff0000
0xffff0001
0xffff0002
0xffff0003
So , Python is a great malleable tool for building up all sorts of things .
I use it mainly to build automated tests for a PCI device we 're bringing up at work .
While the device driver is straight C the tests that use it could be written in pretty much anything .
Python is certainly a powerful tool that does n't get in the way .
And everything was groovy until I got around to testing a feature that requires specific structures in PC memory .
For the sake of discussion we 'll assume that our device under test wants a pointer to some table structure in host memory and that table then points to several other structures .
We write the address of that table to some register in the DUT and say " go . "
Nothing fancy .
Now if we were writing this in C we'd be done by now ( except that we prefer not to write these kinds of tests in C for all the usual reasons ) .
In Python however it 's not so simple ; we can't make a simple struct , and if we could we would n't know its address .
After some head scratching you start to remember that it 's possible to write extensions for Python in C .
You also remembered you tried it once and it scared you .
Well let 's try it again .
Now the simplest thing we could do would be to simply allocate a block of memory and make some functions that let us get at that memory .
Like so :
The above can be compiled like this ( the " python2.4 " should be swapped out above and below to match your Python version ) :
Now let 's try it out .
To do this you 'll need that scratchmem .
so to be in a directory Python knows to look in .
The simplest is to have it in the current directory .
Hey , not bad , not bad .
Now , let 's try to use that memory .
It works .
We 're geniuses and we can take the rest of the day off , right ?
Not quite .
We did manage to give our Python programs access to some raw memory but we 've knocked ourselves back into the stone ages because we now have to manage that entire block of memory ourselves .
A better design would be to have little memory objects that the user can instantiate at will and of varying sizes .
This will hopefully be the subject of a future post .
Another thing missing in this design is range checking .
This will run amok in someone else 's memory if the user gives an offset that overruns what we 've malloc'ed , just like our regular C program would .
March 12 , 2006  --
In an exclusive interview on " This Week with George Stephanopoulos , " Democratic Sen .
Russ Feingold called on the Senate to publicly admonish President Bush for approving domestic wiretaps on American citizens without first seeking a legally required court order .
" This conduct is right in the strike zone of the concept of high crimes and misdemeanors , " said Feingold , D - Wis. , a three - term senator and potential presidential contender .
He said Bush had , " openly and almost thumbing his nose at the American people , " continued the NSA domestic wiretap program .
Bush has long asserted that the so - called ' warrantless wiretaps ' are an essential tool in the war on terror .
But in a copy of the censure resolution obtained by ABC News , Feingold asserts the president , " repeatedly misled the public prior to the public disclosure of the National Security Agency surveillance program by indicating his administration was relying on court orders to wiretap suspected terrorists inside the United States . "
Feingold cites three instances over a yearlong period in which Bush outlined the necessity of a court order or a judge 's permission prior to a domestic wiretap of a U.S. citizen .
Senate Majority Leader Bill Frist , R - Tenn. , also appearing exclusively on " This Week , " defended Bush .
" Russ is just wrong , he is flat wrong , he is dead wrong , " Frist said .
The most recent ABC News / Washington
Post poll put the president 's approval rating at 41 percent , nearly a career low .
But that does not necessarily mean Feingold 's censure resolution will succeed .
Censure , essentially a public disapproval by the Senate as a whole , has only been applied to one president , Andrew Jackson , in a politically charged move the Senate historian 's office describes as an " unprecedented and never - repeated tactic . "
Frist called the censure attempt " political " and a " terrible , terrible signal " to enemies of the U.S. abroad .
He assured Stephanopoulos that the resolution would never gain traction in the Republican - controlled Senate .
Feingold , best - known for his bipartisan fight for campaign finance reform with Sen. John McCain , R - Ariz. , intends to introduce the resolution this week -- insisting the move is not a political stunt .
" We , as a Congress , have to stand up to a president who acts like the Bill of Rights and the Constitution were repealed on Sept 11 , [ 2001 ] , " Feingold said .
Video of Feingold 's and Frist 's full interviews will be posted at www.thisweek.abcnews.com.
" This Week with George Stephanopolous " airs on Sundays .
Please check local listings for times .
How quickly can you say the following colours , not the words themselves , but the colour they are written in ?
Having problems ?
You cand have fun with your friends by showing them that link .
Enjoy !
EXPLAINING INCOME INEQUALITY ….
It ’s worth reading Jon Chait ’s entire article about rising income inequality in the New Republic this week , but for my money here ’s the most important factoid to lodge firmly in your brain :
Over the last quarter century , the portion of the national income accruing to the richest 1 percent of Americans has doubled .
The share going to the richest one - tenth of 1 percent has tripled , and the share going to the richest one - hundredth of 1 percent has quadrupled .
Whenever you hear someone propose an explanation for skyrocking income inequality over the past few decades , try to think about whether it explains the fact that inequality has gotten immensely worse not just between the top 20 % and the bottom 20 % , but between the top 1 % and the 9 % just below them .
For example :
Greater returns to education ?
Do you really think that the top 1 % are better educated on average than the next 9 % ?
Greater rewards for technical skills ?
Do you really think the top 1 % have greater technical skills than the next 9 % ?
Globalization ?
More stable families ?
Race and gender ?
A failure to take account of the growing value of health benefits ?
Do any of these things plausibly seem like big differences between the top 1 % and the next 9 % ?
Pretty clearly they are n’t .
So why is the top 1 % outpacing even the well - to - do who inhabit the next 9 % ?
What ’s the big difference between these groups ?
If you ’re interested in reading more about this , it ’s below the fold .
Here ’s the answer : the top 1 % have a lot more money .
The rest is left as an exercise for the reader .
( ocena objave : 3.67 ) Klikni zvezdico :( ocena objave : Loading ... Loading ... Ustvarjeno 30.11.06 v okviru web
Verjetno ste opazili , da vlada rahla " spletna " zmeda v Sloveniji .
Predvsem mislim na terminologijo , kjer veliko stvari ni dorečenih ( prevedenih ? ) ali pa so dorečene slabo .
Pa bom malo izboljšal to situacijo in na kratko razložil dva pojma , za katera opažam , da se v zadnjem času veliko več uporabljata , a bi se morala še več .
Včasih smo govorili o spletnih straneh in podstraneh , sedaj v obdobju spleta 2.0 tem stvarem pravimo drugače .
Podstrani ni več , prišla pa so spletna mesta .
O spletnem mestu govorimo , kadar naslavljamo zaključeno množico pomensko povezanih spletnih strani .
Običajno je spletno mesto vsaka spletna predstavitev : forum , blog , portal , spletna trgovina , ipd ..
Za ime spletnega mesta se največkrat uporablja domena ( npr. ruph.sopca.com ) , lahko pa uporabimo tudi naslov celotnega spletnega mesta ( npr. rufbetten ) .
Sinonim za spletno mesto je spletišče .
To je dokument , zapisan v ( X ) HTML obliki , ki se nahaja na spletu ( npr. iskalniki za rezultate iskanj večinoma izpišejo seznam spletnih strani ) .
Vsaka spletna stran ima URL naslov , ki definira njeno lokacijo na spletu ( npr. http://ruph.sopca.com/2006/11/22/pimp-my-firefox-2/) in pripada spletnemu mestu ( npr. ruph.sopca.com oz. rufbetten ) .
... do držalo ?
Heroic leaders are a disaster .
Seventy per cent of mergers fail .
In most organisations , financial incentives cause more problems than they solve .
There is no connection between high executive pay and company performance ( well , there is - the wider the pay differentials , the lower the commitment of the less well paid ) .
The main result of many consultancy assignments is another consultancy assignment .
All ' silver bullet ' or ' big ideas ' on their own are wrong .
These are not theories , but facts .
Yet companies trip over themselves to buy others , launch change initiatives , introduce pay for performance , flit from one big idea to the next - and pay their CEOs stratospherically .
It 's hardly surprising so many go belly up .
If doctors were as cavalier with the evidence , a lot of their patients would be dead and many medics would be behind bars .
The last is a line from what bids fair to be one of the management books of the year .
Hard Facts , Dangerous Half - Truths and Total Nonsense ( Harvard Business School Press ) , by Stanford professors Jeffrey Pfeffer and Robert Sutton , is a compelling tour of management conventional wisdom and why it so often turns out to be unwise , untrue and a stranger to fact - bollocks , in fact .
Every potential manager should be made to read it before they are allowed to be in charge of anything , even a whelk stall .
So why do n't managers make judgments on evidence , as doctors at least try to do ?
The book pinpoints a number of factors , many of which come down to the human factors economic theorists carefully exclude .
They overestimate power , fail to cut losses , underestimate cost and difficulty , and ignore the lessons of failure .
They put too much faith in superficial impressions and repeat what worked in the past .
Or they fall back on unexamined but deeply held ideologies .
( An unqualified belief in anything , except the likelihood of being wrong , is a certain predictor of tears ahead . )
Another factor is the messiness of the market for ideas , not least the quantity of information and the self - serving interest of gurus in talking up successes and downplaying the side effects of their prescriptions .
People prefer simple solutions , even if there are n't any : ' If someone tells you they have the answer , ' one candid guru noted , ' they probably have n't understood the question . '
Less obvious is the effect of facts on conventional leadership .
If only the facts matter , it should n't matter where they come from .
That undercuts the traditional justification for hierarchy : that the boss knows best .
Facts force the boss to choose between being ' in control ' and being right .
Many choose the former .
All this sets up a bizarre corporate amnesia - a kind of conspiracy not to learn in which organisations find new ways of repeating mistakes in an endless loop .
They are suckers for half - truths - more dangerous than total nonsense because they are not entirely wrong , except when treated as whole truths , in which case they become total bollocks .
Pfeffer and Sutton line up a number of these , often naming names , showing how some of management 's ingrained habits of thought cause them to undermine their own organisations .
Thus , leaders do make a difference , but not as much as you might think , and more on the downside .
Yes , strategy and recruiting good people are important .
But strategy is usually overrated , to the detriment of implementation ; and overestimating raw talent can impede learning .
It 's no use putting good people to work in a crappy system ; conversely , putting people in a good system and expecting them to improve increases their individual and group capabilities - another example of the ( ignored ) self - fulfilling nature of so many assumptions .
Incentives do incentivise - but be careful what you wish for .
As W Edwards Deming said , people with sharp enough targets will probably meet them even if they have to destroy the company to do so .
And what about change or die ?
The trouble , they say , is that companies are so bad at it that ' empirically it is change and die ' .
It 's a weird paradox .
Despite management 's obsession with hard numbers , many organisations are a fact - free zone , swirling with untested assumptions .
Horrifying sums of money are committed on superstition or whim .
Thus , fact - based management is really triple - distilled common sense .
It 's hard .
It requires judgment , practice , help , humanity and wisdom .
It needs scepticism and experimentation .
It needs reasoned optimism and learning , and , as F Scott Fitzgerald put it , the ability to function while holding two contradictory ideas in your head at the same time .
Ironically , applying such honed common sense is a great recipe for competitive advantage because so few do it .
Despite the heroic efforts of the professors , this will almost certainly continue .
As Peter Drucker says : ' Thinking is very hard work .
And management fashions are a great substitute for thinking .'
Which is why most companies and managers will continue to ignore the facts , make the same mistakes and perpetrate the same old bollocks : not fact - based so much as voodoo management .
simon.caulkin@observer.co.uk
The First American Treason in over 50 years ?
October 11 , 2006
Posted by earthlingconcerned in Treason
Adam Gadahn , the 28 year old Californian man affiliated with Al - Quada , was officially accused of treason today .
I do n’t see a reason to doubt this accusation considering his involvement in the foiled plot to disturb the last US election , and keeping in mind that he ’s become the En glish speaking spokesperson for the terrorist group .
He is believed to have said , “ Yesterday , London and Madrid .
Tomorrow , Los Angeles and Melbourne , God willing .
At this time , do n’t count on us demonstrating restraint or compassion “ in a video broadcast on the fourth anniversary of 9/11 .
Since then , he ’s appeaed unmasked in several other videos condemning the American administration in support of Al - Quada .
So does this fall into the category of treason as defined by the States ?
Article 3 , Section 3 of the US Constitution :
Treason against the United States , shall consist only in levying War against them , or in adhering to their Enemies , giving them Aid and Comfort .
No Person shall be convicted of Treason unless on the Testimony of two Witnesses to the same overt Act , or on Confession in open Court .
Adam Gadahn seems to fit these specifications .
Levying war ?
He has most definitely threatened the country with further terrorist attacks , and that could be seen as an announcement of war .
If North Korea can suggest that further sanctions would be considered as an act of war , his threats definitely fall into the category .
Adhering to their enemies ?
Considering his most recent video came just over a month ago , and Al - Quada is sworn enemy , I would say he fits snugly into what the constitution sees as an act of treason .
What about two witnesses ?
I saw it , click here and find a video and you can become a witness yourself .
Check .
What makes this a big deal is that this is the first time an American has been accused of treason since 1952 !
That time , it was American born Tomoya Kawakita who was charged and eventually convicted of treason because of torture committed against American prisoners of war during World War II .
Go through the treason check list yourself and I guarantee you that this would constitute treason .
I do n’t have as convenient proof regarding the two witnesses but I have little doubt that is in much dispute .
Issues of dual nationality , renouncement of U.S. citizenship and such came into play but they mattered little .
He was sentence to life in prison in 1953 ( and eventually pardoned and deported to Japan during the closing of Alcatraz ) .
The thing that surprises me the most is the scale of time in between one accusation of treason to the other .
Since 1952 , a lot of American history has occurred .
There was the Korean War , Vietnam , Cold War , smaller skirmishes in Grenada , twice in Iraq .
The list goes on .
Then there ’s the question of why Adam Gadahn and not someone else like John Walker Lindh , who is currently serving a life sentence for supporting terrorist organizations , or Yaser Esam Hamdi who was accused for similar reasons .
There have been similar cases of anti-American Americans out in the last 50 years .
Why now ?
Why him ?
Discuss .
New and Improved Antimatter Spaceship for Mars Missions
Image right : A spacecraft powered by a positron reactor would resemble this artist 's concept of the Mars Reference Mission spacecraft .
Credit : NASA
Image left : A diagram of a rocket powered by a positron reactor .
Positrons are directed from the storage unit to the attenuating matrix , where they interact with the material and release heat .
Liquid hydrogen ( H2 ) circulates through the attenuating matrix and picks up the heat .
The hydrogen then flows to the nozzle exit ( bell - shaped area in yellow and blue ) , where it expands into space , producing thrust .
Print - resolution copy Credit : Positronics Research , LLC
Image right :
This is an artist 's concept of an advanced positron rocket engine , called an ablative engine .
This engine produces thrust when material in the nozzle is vaporized ( ablated ) .
In the image , the engine emits blue - white exhaust as thin layers of material are vaporized by positrons in tiny capsules surrounded by lead .
The capsules are shot into the nozzle compartment many times per second .
Once in the nozzle compartment , the positrons are allowed to interact with the capsule , releasing gamma rays .
The lead absorbs the gamma rays and radiates lower - energy X - rays , which vaporize the nozzle material .
This complication is necessary because X - rays are more efficiently absorbed by the nozzle material than gamma rays would be .
Credit : Positronics Research , LLC
Bill Steigerwald
NASA Goddard Space Flight Center
Most self - respecting starships in science fiction stories use antimatter as fuel for a good reason – it ’s the most potent fuel known .
While tons of chemical fuel are needed to propel a human mission to Mars , just tens of milligrams of antimatter will do ( a milligram is about one - thousandth the weight of a piece of the original M&M candy ) .
However , in reality this power comes with a price .
Some antimatter reactions produce blasts of high energy gamma rays .
Gamma rays are like X - rays on steroids .
They penetrate matter and break apart molecules in cells , so they are not healthy to be around .
High - energy gamma rays can also make the engines radioactive by fragmenting atoms of the engine material .
The NASA Institute for Advanced Concepts ( NIAC ) is funding a team of researchers working on a new design for an antimatter - powered spaceship that avoids this nasty side effect by producing gamma rays with much lower energy .
Antimatter is sometimes called the mirror image of normal matter because while it looks just like ordinary matter , some properties are reversed .
For example , normal electrons , the familiar particles that carry electric current in everything from cell phones to plasma TVs , have a negative electric charge .
Anti-electrons have a positive charge , so scientists dubbed them " positrons " .
When antimatter meets matter , both annihilate in a flash of energy .
This complete conversion to energy is what makes antimatter so powerful .
Even the nuclear reactions that power atomic bombs come in a distant second , with only about three percent of their mass converted to energy .
Previous antimatter - powered spaceship designs employed antiprotons , which produce high - energy gamma rays when they annihilate .
The new design will use positrons , which make gamma rays with about 400 times less energy .
The NIAC research is a preliminary study to see if the idea is feasible .
If it looks promising , and funds are available to successfully develop the technology , a positron - powered spaceship would have a couple advantages over the existing plans for a human mission to Mars , called the Mars Reference Mission " The most significant advantage is more safety , " said Dr. Gerald Smith of Positronics Research , LLC , in Santa Fe , New Mexico .
The current Reference Mission calls for a nuclear reactor to propel the spaceship to Mars .
This is desirable because nuclear propulsion reduces travel time to Mars , increasing safety for the crew by reducing their exposure to cosmic rays .
Also , a chemically - powered spacecraft weighs much more and costs a lot more to launch .
The reactor also provides ample power for the three - year mission .
But nuclear reactors are complex , so more things could potentially go wrong during the mission .
" However , the positron reactor offers the same advantages but is relatively simple , " said Smith , lead researcher for the NIAC study .
Also , nuclear reactors are radioactive even after their fuel is used up .
After the ship arrives at Mars , Reference Mission plans are to direct the reactor into an orbit that will not encounter Earth for at least a million years , when the residual radiation will be reduced to safe levels .
However , there is no leftover radiation in a positron reactor after the fuel is used up , so there is no safety concern if the spent positron reactor should accidentally re-enter Earth 's atmosphere , according to the team .
It will be safer to launch as well .
If a rocket carrying a nuclear reactor explodes , it could release radioactive particles into the atmosphere .
" Our positron spacecraft would release a flash of gamma - rays if it exploded , but the gamma rays would be gone in an instant .
There would be no radioactive particles to drift on the wind .
The flash would also be confined to a relatively small area .
The danger zone would be about a kilometer ( about a half - mile ) around the spacecraft .
An ordinary large chemically - powered rocket has a danger zone of about the same size , due to the big fireball that would result from its explosion , " said Smith .
Another significant advantage is speed .
The Reference Mission spacecraft would take astronauts to Mars in about 180 days .
" Our advanced designs , like the gas core and the ablative engine concepts , could take astronauts to Mars in half that time , and perhaps even in as little as 45 days , " said Kirby Meyer , an engineer with Positronics Research on the study .
Advanced engines do this by running hot , which increases their efficiency or " specific impulse " ( Isp ) .
Isp is the " miles per gallon " of rocketry : the higher the Isp , the faster you can go before you use up your fuel supply .
The best chemical rockets , like NASA 's Space Shuttle main engine , max out at around 450 seconds , which means a pound of fuel will produce a pound of thrust for 450 seconds .
A nuclear or positron reactor can make over 900 seconds .
The ablative engine , which slowly vaporizes itself to produce thrust , could go as high as 5,000 seconds .
One technical challenge to making a positron spacecraft a reality is the cost to produce the positrons .
Because of its spectacular effect on normal matter , there is not a lot of antimatter sitting around .
In space , it is created in collisions of high - speed particles called cosmic rays .
On Earth , it has to be created in particle accelerators , immense machines that smash atoms together .
The machines are normally used to discover how the universe works on a deep , fundamental level , but they can be harnessed as antimatter factories .
" A rough estimate to produce the 10 milligrams of positrons needed for a human Mars mission is about 250 million dollars using technology that is currently under development , " said Smith .
This cost might seem high , but it has to be considered against the extra cost to launch a heavier chemical rocket ( current launch costs are about $ 10,000 per pound ) or the cost to fuel and make safe a nuclear reactor .
" Based on the experience with nuclear technology , it seems reasonable to expect positron production cost to go down with more research , " added Smith .
Another challenge is storing enough positrons in a small space .
Because they annihilate normal matter , you can't just stuff them in a bottle .
Instead , they have to be contained with electric and magnetic fields .
" We feel confident that with a dedicated research and development program , these challenges can be overcome , " said Smith .
If this is so , perhaps the first humans to reach Mars will arrive in spaceships powered by the same source that fired starships across the universes of our science fiction dreams .
The Vitruvian Man
Leonardo da Vinci's ' Vitruvian Man ' is said to illustrate the golden ratio .
Da Vinci modeled his perfect human form after the proportions laid out by Vitruvius , an ancient Roman architect .
The angry - looking man drawn by Da Vinci has reason to smile - he's now considered one of the most recognizable figures on earth .
Geologic Time
IMAGE ( Image credit : stock.xchng )
Plate tectonics ?
No sweat .
While most of his contemporaries explained inland , mountain - top mollusk fossils as leftovers from the Great Flood , Da Vinci thought otherwise .
He supposed ( right ) that the mountains must once have been coastline before many years of gradually shifting upwards .
The Self - Propelled Car
IMAGE ( Image credit : Courtesy of Museo Nazionale della Scienza e della Tecnologia Leonardo da Vinci )
It 's no Ferrari , but Da Vinci 's designs for a self - propelled vehicle were revolutionary for his day .
His wooden " car " moved by the interaction of springs with geared wheels .
Scientists at one museum in Florence built a replica in 2004 and found it worked as Da Vinci intended .
The Ideal City
IMAGE ( Image credit : Courtesy of Museo Nazionale della Scienza e della Tecnologia Leonardo da Vinci )
Living in a Milan wrought with plague , Da Vinci envisioned a more efficient city he ’d be proud to call home .
His architectural draughts are highly detailed and even include horse stables with fresh air vents .
To the bewilderment of modern Milanese , he did not make room for a soccer stadium .
The Aerial Screw
IMAGE ( Image credit : Courtesy of Museo Nazionale della Scienza e della Tecnologia Leonardo da Vinci )
Modern scientists agree it may never have lifted off the ground , but Da Vinci's " helicopter " design is still one of his most famous .
The curious contraption was meant to be operated by a four - man team and could have been inspired by a windmill toy popular in Leonardo 's time .
The Triple - Barreled Cannon
IMAGE ( Image credit : Courtesy of Museo Nazionale della Scienza e della Tecnologia Leonardo da Vinci )
More thinker than fighter , Da Vinci 's distaste for conflict did n't stop him from dreaming up designs for more efficient cannons like this one .
His jacked - up triple - barrel would have been a deadly weapon on the battlefield , fast and light with lots of extra fire power .
The Winged Glider
IMAGE ( Image credit : Courtesy of Museo Nazionale della Scienza e della Tecnologia Leonardo da Vinci )
Da Vinci 's imagination was filled to capacity with ideas for flying machines , including several gliders equipped with flappable wings .
This open - shelled model , fitted with seats and gears for the pilot , did not include a design for a crash helmet .
The Revolving Bridge
IMAGE ( Image credit : Courtesy of Museo Nazionale della Scienza e della Tecnologia Leonardo da Vinci )
Always a fan of the quick getaway , Da Vinci thought his revolving bridge would be best used in warfare .
The light yet sturdy materials , affixed to a rolling rope - and - pulley system , allowed an army to pick up and go at a moment 's notice .
Scuba Gear
IMAGE ( Image credit : By Permission of the British Library Arundel 263 , f.24 v )
Da Vinci 's fascination with the sea spurred many designs for aquatic exploration .
His diving suit was made of leather , connected to a snorkel made of cane and a bell that floated at the surface .
Proving the artist was also practical , the suit included a pouch the diver could urinate in .
Mirror Writing
IMAGE ( Image credit : By Permission of the British Library Arundel 263 , f.4v,11 )
Was it a ploy to thwart Renaissance copycats peeking at his notes , or just a way to avoid the inky mess of writing left - handed ?
Whatever his motives , Da Vinci sure liked mirror writing : most of his journals are scrawled in reverse .
Wow I totally guessed that .
AMAZING !
Reply
Thread
Link
ME TOO !
I actually said it out loud to myself , lol .
" JESSICA SIMPSON !!!!
* click * YESSSSSSSSSS "
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
ditto ! LOL
Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
yeah , me too :)
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
ROTFLMAO -- I so did too
But I think it was a dead giveaway
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
I did too !
So nasty .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
that was so common sense .
Reply
Thread
Link
She needs to get a lighter color .
It stands out way too much .
Reply
Thread
Link
one of your closest friends is a hairstylist and you go out with your hair like that ?
Reply
Thread
Link
Fabulous point . :P
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
i think her haistylist * did * do that lol
He does have those clip in hair pieces , Hairdo , or whatever its called ... but yeah , it looks terrible
Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
what you think ?
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
I know her ass can afford the real good weave .
Why the hellis she rockin the horse hair ?
Reply
Thread
Link
Icon Love < 3
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
thanx ! <3
I 'm obsessed with the dvd right now , so I had to represent lol
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
DUH !
She - does - have her own show on QVC called " Jessica Simpson Hairdo " , you know ...
She 's gonna be sporting that shit everywhere .
Reply
Thread
Link
kel loves orange soda !
Reply
Thread
Link
Is it true ?
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
is it truuuuue ?
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
i thought of that when i read this post
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
i do i do i doooooo
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
Scuse me ?!
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
WTF is wrong with her own hair that she has to wear these shitty hairpieces ?
They look like the wigs my grandmother got from a charity cancer org when her hair fell out from chemo .
Ken Paves is a shitty hairdresser for letting her walk around like that .
Reply
Thread
Link
ew
Reply
Thread
Link
It looks like something you 'd find at Claire's .
Yuck !
Reply
Thread
Link
my thoughts exactly , or the dollar store
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
Me too .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
This is not making me want to shell out my hard earned ( lol ) cash on her line of hair extensions .
Or on a hair appointment with Paves .
Reply
Thread
Link
I agree on both counts .
No wonder she has lawsuits against her from companies she promotes .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
how'd i know ?
i wonder if her line of extensions are that shitty .
this girl makes so much money that this is just ridiculous .
Reply
Thread
Link
her extensions are crap , i saw them on qvc the other day and they pretty much looked like that .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
Being in the hospitality industry , bartenders do n't like to grumble .
But there are certain drinks they hate to make .
The primary reason a particular cocktail earns bartenders ' ire is the time it takes to make .
On a busy night , with patrons three - deep , most bar professionals do n't want to spend five minutes muddling mint leaves .
Other dreaded orders are popular drinks that have no accepted , consistent recipe ; the martini is a classic example .
These invite the customer to say the drink was made incorrectly , no matter how it was mixed .
It is not always the drink itself the bartender hates ; sometimes it 's the timing .
Even the most simple shaken cocktail is a hassle during Friday - night rush hour .
But some drinks are the bane of bartenders at any time of day .
Here are five examples .
The Lemon Drop .
This very common cocktail can come as a shot or in a martini glass .
It 's a combination of vodka ( commonly citron - flavored ) , fresh - squeezed lemon juice and sugar that threatens to leave you with a hangover .
People love Lemon Drops because they 're fruity , sweet and often come in a glass rimmed with sugar .
However , this drink is time - consuming to make and leaves the bartender with sticky hands .
Paschal Smith , bartender at the Bitter End in San Francisco , says he hates making them " because of the damn sugar . "
If the bar is busy and you crave that citrus flavor , consider having a Kamikaze , which does n't include that bothersome sugar .
The Manhattan .
The Manhattan is a classic cocktail usually made from whiskey , sweet vermouth and a dash of bitters , served straight up or on the rocks with a cherry .
Devotees favor this cocktail because of its old - time flavor and potency .
Bartender Eric Berchtold of the Cinch in San Francisco says he does n't like to make Manhattans because , " Too many things go into it and everyone wants them made a different way . "
Some insist on bourbon , others on Canadian whiskey or rye .
Some people want cherry juice or Cointreau added .
Berchtold has had patrons order the drink because it makes them seem debonair , yet when it arrives , they decide they do n't like the taste of bitters .
When ordering a Manhattan , help the bartender by specifying the type of whiskey you want .
If you want anything more than whiskey , vermouth and bitters , ask for it .
The Cosmopolitan .
The popular Cosmopolitan carries the same pitfalls as the Manhattan .
A basic recipe is vodka , lime juice , cranberry juice and triple sec ( an orange liqueur ) .
But ever since the character Carrie Bradshaw on " Sex in the City " demanded perfection in her Cosmopolitan , people have had high standards in what was originally a fairly simple drink .
While fresh lime juice is usually preferred , some people insist on Rose 's Lime Juice .
Others want sweet and sour mix added to sweeten the cocktail and give it a pinker hue .
Sometimes Cointreau , a more expensive orange liqueur , is substituted for triple sec .
Without specific instructions , every bartender makes Cosmos differently .
If you want it made your way , you have to specify .
The Mojito .
Mojitos are delicious -- they 're minty and fresh , and they provide a strong buzz .
But , to most bartenders , the Mojito is the quintessential " it takes too long to make " drink .
The Mojito embodies every reason a bartender hates to make a cocktail .
First of all , it requires fresh mint , which must be muddled -- mashed with a special tool to release its flavors .
This alone takes a few minutes .
Sugar and fresh lime juice -- two sticky ingredients many bartenders dislike -- are added , along with rum and soda water .
To top it off , Mojitos must be shaken .
Bartender Noah Esperas of le Duplex in San Francisco says , " Go to a restaurant if you want a real Mojito . "
He warns , " Honestly , if I am slammed at 1 a .m. and someone asks for four Mojitos , I wo n't make them .
If it costs $ 9 for a Mojito and $ 8 for a Grey Goose ( vodka ) , the bar is n't losing much and I can make up for it in tips with the other people by saving time . "
Specialties of another bar .
Just because you had a Lavender Martini at the Redwood Room in San Francisco , or an Angry Bleeding Minnow Farmer on vacation last spring in Hawaii , does n't mean that you will find those drinks at every bar .
The Bitter End 's Smith says , " I hate making stuff I 've never heard of , which are most drinks these days . "
If you must have a designer drink , you 're going to have to know the recipe yourself .
It wo n't help to bark a crazy name at the bartender and then get upset when she 's never heard of it .
That said , most bartenders like to experiment .
Pick a time when the bar is n't busy , describe the drink you had , be willing to pay for whatever the bartender concocts , and you just might re-create your vacation drinking experience .
Finally , a nice tip can turn any of these cocktails into a drink your bartender loves to make .
Source - SFGate
Now Playing - Betty's Beer Bar
Nevada town to fine for foreign flags
The Nevada town of Pahrump is taking a stand not just against illegal immigrants but flags they may bring with them .
The elected town board in the remote Mojave Desert community voted 3 - 2 on Tuesday to enact an ordinance making it illegal to fly a foreign nation 's flag by itself .
ON DEADLINE : Right or wrong ?
Flying another country 's flag , whether it is a British Union Jack or the flag of Mexico , is punishable by a $ 50 fine and 30 hours ' community service , unless it is flown below an American flag .
" Old Glory is sovereign , " says Paul Willis , a retired carpenter and board member .
" You can't fly any other nation 's flag higher than the American flag . "
The American Civil Liberties Union says the flag restriction violates the First Amendment 's guarantee of free speech .
" There 's no doubt about it , " says Lisa Rasmussen , a board member of the Nevada ACLU .
" People have a right , as much as we do n't like it , to fly ... any flag they wish . "
Pahrump is a rural fast - growing town of 33,000 about 60 miles west of Las Vegas .
It is part of sprawling Nye County , home of the closest legal brothels to Las Vegas .
The law passed as part of a package of measures that also declared English the official language of Pahrump and denies town benefits to illegal immigrants .
" We do n't have any " benefits , town manager David Richards says .
" If we ever have any , they 'll be denied to illegal immigrants . "
Supporters say the law is a stand on principle and doubts anyone will be arrested for violating it .
" I can't conceive of there being anyone cited for it , " said board Chairman Richard Billman , who voted against the ordinance .
The ordinance 's sponsor , Michael Miraglia , a retired Illinois state worker , said the flag restriction was a reaction to nationwide demonstrations in May against a crackdown on illegal immigration .
He said he did n't like seeing protesters waving Mexican flags and demanding immigrants not go to work that day .
" In Pahrump , we had Mexican restaurants closed that day , " he complained .
" Only one restaurant stayed open . "
Rasmussen said the ACLU would probably take legal action against the town .
" People are nuts out there , " she says .
" Totally nuts . "
Secretary of State Condoleezza
Rice has also called for a durable cease - fire , and before departing on her peace - seeking mission to the Middle East and Rome , she said she would not engage in any “ shuttle diplomacy ” just for the sake of a cease - fire that would not last .
Mr. Bush has repeatedly talked of Israel ’s right to defend itself against terrorism , even as he urged the country to show restraint and minimize civilian casualties .
And the American State Department classifies Hezbollah as a terrorist group .
For his part , Mr. Maliki has condemned Israel for its campaign in Lebanon , but he has not condemned Hezbollah — and he declined an opportunity today to declare his position on the militant group , which has a political presence in the Lebanese government as well as a military arm that operates in the southern part of the country near Israel .
“ Here , actually , we ’re talking about the suffering of a people , ” Mr. Maliki said when asked about Hezbollah .
“ We are not in the process of reviewing one issue or another or any government position .
“ The important thing here is , what we are trying to do is to stop the killing and the destruction , and then we leave the room and the way for the international and diplomatic efforts and international organizations to play the role , to be there . ”
Mr. Bush and Mr. Maliki said they saw progress being made in Iraq despite the continuing violence there .
They expressed confidence that the country will one day stand as an example of a peaceful democracy in a region that has known little peace or democracy .
“ I have full confidence of victory , and we will be highly capable of defeating terrorism in Iraq , ” Mr. Maliki said .
But Mr. Maliki ’s refusal to condemn Hezbollah has created an awkward situation for the White House .
“ His statements are troubling , ” Senator Harry Reid of Nevada , the Democratic minority leader , said today .
“ They raise serious questions about whether Iraq , which is supposed to be our ally , can play a constructive role in resolving the current crisis and bringing stability to the Middle East . ”
What The Ho ?
Welcome to Santarchy , the original resource for global Santacon events .
Each December Santas visit cities around the world , engaging in a bit of Santarchy as part of the annual Santacon events .
It all started back in 1994 when several dozen Cheap Suit Santas paid a visit to downtown San Francisco for a night of Kringle Kaos organized by the Cacophony Society .
Things have reached Critical Xmas and Santarchy is now a global phenomenon .
Check out our Santarchy FAQ .
You 'd better watch out !
Santa 's coming to town !
PLEASE NOTE :
We are not associated with any commercial Santacon websites that are attempting to cash in on Santarchy .
The Santacon events have always been advertising - free events without sponsorships .
Cacophony Society Book
Ask Santa to bring you a copy of the wonderful new book Tales of the San Francisco Cacophony Society , which includes an entire section on Santacon .
Santacon Archives
2012 + 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994
Santacon Videos
" You 'd Better Watch Out :
Portland Santacon ' 96 "
Weird America's San Francisco Santacon '95
Santacon History
The Early Years
Santarchy Resources
Santacon Photos on Flickr
Santacon on Twitter
Santacon Carol Book
1995 San Francisco Police Report
1996 Portland Police Memo
Submit to Santarchy
If your city has a Santacon website , let us know and we will add it to the list .
Who ?
This site is maintained by Scott Beale aka " Santa Squid " ( retired ) , with occasional input from John Law aka " Santa Melmoth " ( retired ) , both veterans of the great Santa wars 1994 - 98 .
Santa's Bag
This blog runs on WordPress ( ask Santa to bring it to you for Christmas )
Experiential marketing , as the ad industry calls such campaigns , is intended to give people something they can tryout and photograph .
Companies are holding such events in cities around the world , but advertisers said Times Square was unparalleled in its reach .
People around the world recognize Times Square in photos and videos online and are more likely to view them , marketers said .
Charmin ’s bathrooms , which opened on Broadway near West 46th Street on Nov. 20 , generated traditional coverage with more than 100 articles published about the fancy toilets .
But consumer videos posted on YouTube alone have been viewed more than 7,400 times .
Hundreds of other people each week post photos and videos on their blogs and MySpace pages .
One blog post last week , “ Der New York Trip Part II ” , written in German , shows a young couple posing with the Charmin bear .
Charmin is a brand of Procter & Gamble .
Another post about the Charmin toilets last week on a Web design blog wondered , “ Could this be too much marketing ? ” Christian Montoya , the site ’s author , videotaped the bathrooms when he visited Times Square on Thanksgiving so that he could post the footage online for his roughly 700 daily readers .
Though Mr. Montoya , a senior at Cornell University , said he was skeptical of marketing but thought the Charmin bathrooms were effective .
“ It was more than a billboard because you could actually try the product , ” Mr. Montoya said .
It is difficult to count exactly how many people pass through Times Square each day , but foot traffic by some measures has nearly doubled .
In 1997 , the Times Square Business Improvement District counted 8,702 people an hour passing through the most crowded parts of Times Square during the busiest times of year .
This year , the Times Square Alliance found that nearly double that amount — about 15,000 people — passed the Virgin Megastore on Broadway during busy hours .
But , advocates of experiential marketing say headcounts in Times Square underestimate the district ’s impact .
Face - to - face interaction with customers is more powerful than traditional ads , they say .
“ What people do is geometrically more powerful than what they are told , ” said Brian Collins , chief creative officer of Ogilvy and Mather Brand Innovation Group , a part of the WPP Group .
“ Feeling something , picking it up in your hands , walking into an environment is a far more powerful brand promise than anything you are simply told through traditional media alone . ”
As Israeli attacks on Lebanon continue , anger in the Arabic press is largely focused on the United States .
Washington is condemned for blocking attempts by the international community to achieve a ceasefire , while the Israeli attacks are seen as having little impact on Hezbollah 's ability to fight back .
One commentator sees a call for Muslims to retaliate over Lebanon by al - Qaeda 's second - in - command Ayman al - Zawahiri as evidence that the group intends to open a front against Israel , while another believes the statement plays into US hands .
IZZ AL - DIN DARWISH IN SYRIA'S TISHRIN
History will remember , and it is merciless , that US President George Bush junior and his political and military aides have directly taken part in the slaughter committed by Israel in Lebanon .
EDITORIAL IN EGYPT'S AL - JUMHURIYAH
The UN Security Council failed yesterday in condemning the deliberate Israeli shelling of UNIFIL forces on the Blue Line between Lebanon and Israel because of the blind US bias to all the practices of Israel , even a barbaric crime against a position that raises the UN flag .
MURSI ATA -AL -LAH IN PALESTINIAN AL-QUDS
The war of destruction in Lebanon is similar to the war of destruction in Iraq .
No matter what the objective is ... the final aim that is shared by both Israel and the US is to work together to redraw the political / geographical map in the region in a way that suits Israel .
NAZIH AL - QASUS IN JORDAN'S AL - DUSTUR
If the US wants a calm Middle East where peace prevails , it should just make Israel withdraw from the occupied Palestinian and Arab territories and recognise an independent Palestinian state with Jerusalem as its capital ...
Even if Israel destroys all of Lebanon , this will not bring it security and tranquillity .
LUBNA HUSSAIN IN SAUDI JEDDA ARAB NEWS
The atrocities being committed in Lebanon once again provide us in the Arab world with a superfluous , all too frequent and unnecessary reminder of the fact that our blood is cheap ...
While the rest of the world desperately waited for the announcement of a ceasefire that only America had the clout to negotiate , Auntie Condi arrived to play the fiddle to Israel 's tune as Lebanon burned in the background .
EDITORIAL IN PALESTINIAN AL-QUDS
Faced with the reality of killing and destruction that take place around the clock ... the international community still has the chance , although it is a narrow one , to end the bloodshed in the region , force Israel to stop its aggression and return to the negotiating table .
WALID SHAQIR IN PAN - ARAB AL - HAYAT
Whatever the political outcome of the current open Israeli war on Lebanon ... what will remain in the memory of many Arabs is the ability of a group [ Hezbollah ] to inflict losses on Israel , whether by firing rockets into its towns or fiercely challenging its army on Lebanese territory .
AHMAD DAHBUR IN PALESTINIAN AL- HAYAT AL - JADIDAH
It was not the Rome conference that failed in taking a decision on a ceasefire , but the US aggression carried out by Zionist hands that succeeded in shooting down any decision .
However , this is only half the truth .
The other and more important half is that the resistance continues and the Zionist enemy is drinking from a bitter cup .
EDITORIAL IN PAN - ARAB AL - QUDS AL - ARABI
Dr Ayman al - Zawahiri knows that the war in Lebanon will last a long time because Israel will not succeed easily in defeating the Islamic resistance .
He reckons Lebanon will be transformed into a failed state without a strong central government .
This will pave the way for al - Qaeda to move in and open a front against Israel .
HUSAM AYTANI IN LEBANON'S AL - SAFIR
The voices that denounced the statements of Al - Qaeda 's second - in - command Ayman al - Zawahiri ... are right ...
Such statements by Zawahiri will support US - Israeli claims that the current war on the Lebanese and Palestinians are part of the international war on terrorism represented by Zawahiri and his leader , Osama Bin Laden .
BBC Monitoring selects and translates news from radio , television , press , news agencies and the internet from 150 countries in more than 70 languages .
It is based in Caversham , UK , and has several bureaux abroad .
The tribunal said an autopsy would be conducted to establish cause of death , but there was no indication of suicide .
Zdenko Tomanovic , a lawyer for Mr Milosevic , says the autopsy should take place elsewhere as his client said he was being poisoned in the jail .
Mr Milosevic , 64 , had been held at the UN war crimes tribunal for genocide and other war crimes since 2001 .
Treatment dispute
Mr Milosevic suffered from high blood pressure and a heart condition .
Last month the tribunal rejected a request by the former president to go to Russia for medical treatment .
HAVE YOUR SAY
His death affected me only because he did n't pay his debts to Serbs and others that suffered after his foolish actions
Radosh , Belgrade , Serbia
Send us your comments Reaction in quotes Relief and regret in Balkans
" Russian doctors were prepared to give him the necessary aid and the Russian authorities guaranteed to meet all the demands of the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia , " a spokesman from Russia 's foreign ministry said on Saturday .
" Unfortunately , in spite of our guarantees , the tribunal did not agree to give Slobodan Milosevic the possibility of being treated in Russia , " he added .
The tribunal has ordered an inquiry into the death .
Damage to tribunal
" Milosevic was found lifeless on his bed in his cell at the United Nations detention unit , " the tribunal said in a statement .
" The guard immediately alerted the detention unit officer in command and the medical officer .
The latter confirmed that Slobodan Milosevic was dead . "
He was determined to continue fighting his case
Milosevic lawyer , Steven Kay QC
Milosevic 's lawyer speaks Tribunal statement on death
The BBC's Geraldine Coughlan at The Hague says Mr Milosevic 's death is a blow to prosecutors , who had been hoping to convict him as being part of a joint criminal enterprise that operated across the former Yugoslavia , intent on setting up a greater Serbian state .
Mr Milosevic faced charges of war crimes and crimes against humanity for his alleged central role in the wars in Bosnia , Croatia and Kosovo during the 1990s .
He also faced genocide charges over the 1992 - 95 Bosnia war , in which 100,000 people died .
' Punished already '
The news was met with joy by survivors of Srebrenica
Mothers and widows of Muslims killed in Srebrenica during the Bosnian war said they regretted that Mr Milosevic 's death meant he would never face justice for the killings .
" However , it seems that God punished him already , " said Hajra Catic of the Association of Srebrenica mothers .
Serbia - Montenegro's Foreign Minister Vuk Draskovic , who accused Mr Milosevic of organising the assassinations of many of his colleagues and family , said it was a pity the former president had not faced justice in Belgrade .
Mr Milosevic 's brother Borislav was quoted by Interfax news agency as saying the war crimes court was " entirely responsible " for his death and that the UN could not be trusted to carry out an autopsy .
Poison claim
Mr Milosevic 's lawyer Mr Tomanovic said he had made a formal request for the autopsy to be moved to Moscow " having in mind his claims yesterday that he was being poisoned in the jail " .
CHARGES AGAINST MILOSEVIC
Genocide , relating to the massacre in Srebrenica , Bosnia Crimes against humanity , relating to Bosnia , Croatia and Kosovo Grave breaches of the Geneva Conventions , relating to Bosnia and Croatia Violations of the laws or customs of war , relating to Bosnia , Croatia and Kosovo
Full war crimes charges
However , the tribunal has refused the request saying an autopsy will be carried out by Dutch pathologists on Sunday morning .
Serbian medical experts will also attend .
The tribunal rejected criticism over its handling of Mr Milosevic .
" The International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia takes the utmost care of its indictees and of ( Milosevic ) in particular , " spokesman Christian Chartier said .
" We can not be blamed for negligence . "
The BBC's Matt Prodger in Belgrade says that Mr Milosevic was not particularly popular at home , but many Serbs are intensely suspicious of The Hague tribunal and do not believe Serb defendants are fairly treated there .
The Serbian government says it also wants answers on how Mr Milosevic died and whether anything could have been done to prevent it .
Second death
The former president had been ill for some time , and his trial was interrupted last year because of health problems .
His lawyer told BBC News 24 that Mr Milosevic would not have committed suicide because he wanted to complete his trial , which had been due to restart on 14th March and was scheduled to end in May this year .
" In fact he said to me a few weeks ago : ' I had n't fought this case for as long as I have with any intention to do any harm to myself , Mr Kay ' .
And that is why he wanted medical treatment , " Steven Kay said .
Both the former Serbian leader 's parents committed suicide .
Mr Milosevic 's death comes just six days after a fellow Serb prisoner at The Hague , Milan Babic , committed suicide .
The Croatian Serb leader , who was serving a 13 - year prison sentence for crimes against humanity carried out during the 1991 - 95 war in Croatia , testified against Mr Milosevic in 2002 .
Do all powerful IDEs require static typing ?
Who deserves a title bout ?
The third perspective
Delegation and dynamic programming
send
method_missing
SimpleDelegator
Forwardable
Interface
person_doing_the_actual_work
DynamicProxy
ArrayList
List
String
forward
StringBuffer
String
StringBuffer
need
Quite a few programmers love having powerful IDEs .
These IDEs perform certain simple refactorings somewhat automatically , they can take a compiled language and make it seem a little more like an interpreted language , they can find certain types of errors as you type …
In short , they do a lot of drudge work on the programmer ’s behalf .
What ’s not to like about this ?.
These are useful tools .
I have been working with Eclipse lately when editing Java , although I really do n’t care one way or another .
I like what it does but I ’m fundamentally indifferent to its existence .
Of course , there are more than a few people who espouse the idea that the most powerful features of these IDEs are only possible with statically typed languages .
And that this productivity is so important that it — ummm—eclipses all other considerations such as which language allows you to express a program with the least redundancy .
How interesting .
The idea that IDEs make you more productive is nothing particularly specific to statically typed languages .
Have you ever heard of an editor called Emacs ?
Did you know that some of the hairiest , most dynamic , self - modifying code ever written was once part of Emacs ?
And that the author of that dynamic , self - modifying code , some fellow named Jim , went on to develop a popular statically typed language ?
Anyways , lots of people use Emacs for Lisp ( do n’t you love the symmetry ?
you need to use Lisp for Emacs ) .
They invest a lot of time making themselves more productive
So here ’s what I see from my chair :
There ’s this group of star - bellied sneetches who say “ the important thing about being a productive programmer is having a tool that makes you productive . ”
And there ’s this group of sneetches who say the same dammned thing .
The only difference between them is that the star - bellied sneetches say that the productivity of the tool is all about the special things the tool can do when the programs are written in statically typed languages .
The plain sneetches love the tool that they can customize so heavily it feels like a personal extension of their mind .
Hmmm .
The thing that strikes me as obvious is that I ’m the wrong person to argue with a star - bellied sneetch .
I use a fairly nice text editor , TextMate , but it does n’t do 1 % of what Emacs does and while it does a lot more than I ever figured out how to make Eclipse do , it also does n’t even try to do a lot of the star - bellied stuff like move methods around .
The right thing to do is to get two people who both agree that productivity from IDEs is important to debate how to do it .
That way there ’s one , clear point of debate : does an IDE + static typing beat a programmable editor by an order of magnitude ?
Debating with me is going to be entertaining but inconclusive , because we ’ll be mixing several arguments up : are IDEs important , and if they are , what ’s the best way to make an IDE powerful , and if that is the best way , is it so good that it outweighs other considerations for choosing a programming language ?
If you stop by my house , that ’s a conversation that is going to put a serious dent in my collection of single malts .
I ’m not a sneetch in this matter .
I spend far , far more time thinking about code than I do editing code .
Therefore , I invest more energy looking for ways to improve the way I think about code than I do looking for ways to improve the way I edit code .
Kinda something not entirely unlike what happens when you sit down to improve the performance of a program .
First you profile .
Then you choose what to optimize .
I ’ve profiled myself , and what I need is more help deciding what to do than I do doing it .
I am also holding on to a somewhat axiomatic ( and irrepressibly optimistic ) belief that some languages have orders of magnitude higher signal - to - noise ratio than others .
This is important for understanding why I am reluctant to pick a language because my IDE likes it .
For starters , one needs to understand the goal of all this refactoring : it ’s to have better code .
Better languages also achieve this goal .
let ’s look at a simple example and work backwards from that to the importance of languages .
Delegation in Ruby is easy because you haveand you have , so even if you do n’t feel like using the built - inor , you can forward messages whenever and however you like .
Whereas in Java , you need to define an , then make sure thatimplements the interface , then you can use ato implement delegation .
Note that you ca n’t delegate to a built - in class unless it implements an interface , so you can delegate to ( because it implements theinterface ) , but you ca n’t delegate to ( Well , you cancalls to classes that do n't implement interfaces , but you can't make the delegator look like a delegatee .
So what you really have is a kind of private inheritence .
You cannot , for example , decorate aso that you can set a flag for whether it has been encoded for display in HTML or not , and decorate the append method so that you can throw an exception when an unencodedis appended to an encoded ) .
Why ca n’t you just generate the delegation using the IDE ’s handy - dandy feature ?
The problem is that code generation produces a static change .
It ’s a one - time thing , like one of those push - button programming wizards from MSFT .
If you change interfaces , perhaps you are refactoring something else , your delegation breaks .
So you have to write something relatively dynamic .
In Ruby , it looks things up at run time .
I ’ll settle for something that can reflect at compile time .
But either way , you ca n’t just do it once .
You have to have dynamic code handle the forwarding .
( There are exactly similar problems in all sorts of code .
If you write some serialization code by hand or with an IDE , you have a problem when you expand an object .
The old code does n’t know how to serialize the new members .
You have to make sure your serialization code reflects on the object so it can keep up with all changes . )
I find that IDEs are nice , but even the most sophisticated IDEs are … static .
They make one - time changes to code .
I ’m far more interested in languages that let me write code that writes code , in languages that let me write code that doesn ' ta lot of rewriting and fixing across the board when I make a change .
( This is just my perspective .
I ’m still learning a lot about the intersection between theory and practice in programming languages . )
But this is why you ’re tilting at windmills when you ask me why I do n’t eschew Ruby for Java just so I can “ rename class . ”
In July 1955 , researchers from North Korea 's Academy of Sciences traveled to Moscow to attend a conference on nuclear energy .
Shortly thereafter , the Kim Il Sung regime began sending specialists to a new institute in Dubna , a city devoted to Soviet nuclear physics .
Their mission : learn the basics of splitting the atom .
From that seed , a bomb may have grown .
On Oct. 9 – more than a half century after that first delegation left Pyongyang – North Korea conducted a nuclear test in the northeastern region of Kilju .
The test was small , and possibly a failure .
But US experts say that given the length of time the North Koreans have been at work , and the apparent importance of nuclear weapons to the country 's leadership , they may now continue to test until they get it right .
They might not have labored five decades just to produce a scientific demonstration .
At this point , they could be perfecting something else : a deliverable nuclear arsenal .
" My own view is that they are building a smaller weapon in line with a device that could fit on a ballistic missile , " says David Albright , a physicist and president of the Institute for Science and International Security ( ISIS ) in Washington .
Possibility of a second test
At the time of writing , North Korea had not conducted a second nuclear explosion .
But US satellite imagery reportedly has revealed increased activity around several possible test sites .
" We 're concerned about further action by the North Koreans , but further action by the North Koreans will only deepen its isolation , which is pretty deep right now , " said Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice on Wednesday in Tokyo .
North Korean officials , for their part , did not rule out a second test .
In a rare interview with a Western news organization , Ri Gun , director - general of the Foreign Ministry 's American affairs bureau , told ABC News that another test would be " natural . "
That is just what worries nuclear experts in the United States .
According to a statement issued by the office of John Negroponte , US director of national intelligence , the explosive yield of the Oct. 9 test was " less than a kiloton . "
It is possible that this relatively low yield was intentional , the result of a proof - of - principle design using minimal fissile material .
But it is much more likely to indicate a test fizzle , say experts .
" They will want to test until they get it right , " said Michael Swaine , a senior associate in the China program at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace in Washington , at an Oct. 12 seminar on the North Korean situation .
Such misfires are n't necessarily symbols of incompetence .
Almost all declared nuclear powers have had them .
In October 1951 , a US bomb test named Buster Able failed not once , but twice .
The Soviets had a misfire in 1954 .
In May 1957 , Britain 's first attempt at exploding a hydrogen bomb produced only a quarter of the expected yield .
In the case of North Korea , whatever went wrong , it probably was not due to haste .
Satellite photos of the suspected test site released Oct. 13 by the Natural Resources Defense Council ( NRDC ) show that neither buildings nor roads changed much from late 2005 to October 2006 .
" The North Koreans probably did not rush the test , " wrote physicist Matthew McKinzie , an NRDC consultant , in an analysis of the photos .
Indeed , the photos show that excavation activity for the test may have been carried out in February 2005 .
Instead , the misfire may indicate that the device was a somewhat sophisticated plutonium - fueled bomb , according to the NRDC .
Via atmospheric sampling , US intelligence has determined that plutonium was used in the North Korean test , according to news reports .
For such a weapon to explode efficiently , the plutonium core must be " squeezed " by conventional explosives in a highly precise manner .
" It is possible that the detonators igniting the high explosive that compresses the plutonium did not fire simultaneously and thus only produced a partial yield , " concludes the NRDC analysis .
Why alarm rose in the 1980s
Though North Korea 's interest in nuclear science was well known in the West , it was not until the mid-1980s that US intelligence began to become alarmed about Pyongyang 's intentions .
Until 1984 , North Korea was not viewed as a serious nuclear proliferation threat .
The Central Intelligence Agency had thought the country 's nuclear program to be rudimentary , and not capable of producing the fissile material needed for weapons , according to " Spying on the Bomb , " a recent book about US nuclear intelligence by Jeffrey Richelson .
But in 1986 , a top - secret CIA reassessment titled " North Korea : Potential for Nuclear Weapons Development , " drawing on unspecified new information , held that Pyongyang might indeed be capable of a making a bomb .
The CIA speculated that North Korea 's motives might be forcing political concessions from South Korea , hedging against other Asian powers going nuclear , or deterring a US nuclear response in case of hostilities on the Korean peninsula , according to Mr. Richelson , a senior fellow with the National Security Archive .
US concerns then began to mount by the year .
In 1987 , North Korea received from a West German company a small annealing furnace capable of helping to produce centrifuge rotors for uranium enrichment .
An inquiry by German intelligence concluded in 1990 that North Korea had possibly obtained crucial information on uranium melting from Pakistan in the late 1980s .
Media reports indicate that North Korea allegedly did business with the notorious Pakistani proliferator A.Q. Khan throughout this period .
Dr. Khan might have provided everything from rotor designs to a Chinese design for a basic atomic device , according to a Congressional Research Service study on North Korea 's nuclear trade .
When North Korea withdrew from the Non-Proliferation Treaty in 2003 , it apparently moved quickly to process weapons - grade plutonium from power reactors that had been subject to international inspections .
It is that fuel that probably powered this month 's test .
Further tests might increase North Korea 's confidence in its weapons design .
Pyongyang might also decide that another explosion would increase the deterrent value of its arsenal .
However , more tests might also shrink North Korea 's small plutonium stockpile .
That makes it all the more likely that North Korea 's scientists are perfecting a deliverable weapons , says Mr. Albright of ISIS .
" If you have a chance to test , you want to test something more in line with what you want to deploy , " he says .
Today on DIY : Happy , we saw a story about making dessert sushi , by Megan from notmartha.org .
Megan got this idea from the same place that we did : the wonderful book The Secret Life of Food , by Clare Crespo .
( Everyone should go get a copy right now . )
Two years ago we too made dessert sushi , and luckily we remembered to take some pictures .
Thanks to Megan for reminding us about the project !
We built the sushi on a base of simple white cake , sliced to look like little cakes of rice .
For wasabi , we used hard icing with a little bit of green food color added .
We tried a number of different things for the seaweed ( nori ) wrapper .
Among others , we tried several brands of fruit - roll - up kinds of things .
The most successful of these was “ Fruit by the foot , ” which exhibited remarkable stability at room temperature and atmospheric humidity , in marked contrast to some other varieties .
Besides that , the striated green color was just perfect for the sushi .
The toppings seen here include thin sliced twizzlers , miniature jawbreakers ( as roe ) , and Swedish Fish .
The neat rectangular cuts of “ fish ” are actually gummy bandages , detailed side down , that we picked up on a whim .
These turned out to be some of the best looking pieces that we used , and were actually some of the best tasting as well .
On the lower right you can see our version of Futo - Maki , the big sushi roll .
While it ’s possible to roll a cake up , we decided to start with round cake .
To do this , we put some of the cake batter in a muffin tin , and edited the resulting cylinders to the correct shape .
Color - selected Jujubes provide a good substitute for salmon eggs , and itty - bitty round sprinkles subsitute well for flying fish eggs .
In the upper right , dried apricots do a pretty good fish imitation as well .
The little round roll sushi worked quite well with both the tobiko and the larger white ( jawbreaker ) roe .
In the upper and lower right are two things that did not work very well : Using colored gum paste as nori , and using a gummi-crab as a topping by itself .
While both of these seemed like they should work , the color and flavor were bad and worse .
Overall , the sushi was a big hit , and we look forward to an excuse to make it again .
U.S. Diplomat John Brady Kiesling
Letter of Resignation , to :
Secretary of State Colin L. Powell
ATHENS | Thursday 27 February 2003
Dear Mr. Secretary :
I am writing you to submit my resignation from the Foreign Service of the United States and from my position as Political Counselor in U.S. Embassy Athens , effective March 7 .
I do so with a heavy heart .
The baggage of my upbringing included a felt obligation to give something back to my country .
Service as a U.S. diplomat was a dream job .
I was paid to understand foreign languages and cultures , to seek out diplomats , politicians , scholars and journalists , and to persuade them that U.S. interests and theirs fundamentally coincided .
My faith in my country and its values was the most powerful weapon in my diplomatic arsenal .
It is inevitable that during twenty years with the State Department I would become more sophisticated and cynical about the narrow and selfish bureaucratic motives that sometimes shaped our policies .
Human nature is what it is , and I was rewarded and promoted for understanding human nature .
But until this Administration it had been possible to believe that by upholding the policies of my president I was also upholding the interests of the American people and the world .
I believe it no longer .
The policies we are now asked to advance are incompatible not only with American values but also with American interests .
Our fervent pursuit of war with Iraq is driving us to squander the international legitimacy that has been America 's most potent weapon of both offense and defense since the days of Woodrow Wilson .
We have begun to dismantle the largest and most effective web of international relationships the world has ever known .
Our current course will bring instability and danger , not security .
The sacrifice of global interests to domestic politics and to bureaucratic self - interest is nothing new , and it is certainly not a uniquely American problem .
Still , we have not seen such systematic distortion of intelligence , such systematic manipulation of American opinion , since the war in Vietnam .
The September 11 tragedy left us stronger than before , rallying around us a vast international coalition to cooperate for the first time in a systematic way against the threat of terrorism .
But rather than take credit for those successes and build on them , this Administration has chosen to make terrorism a domestic political tool , enlisting a scattered and largely defeated Al Qaeda as its bureaucratic ally .
We spread disproportionate terror and confusion in the public mind , arbitrarily linking the unrelated problems of terrorism and Iraq .
The result , and perhaps the motive , is to justify a vast misallocation of shrinking public wealth to the military and to weaken the safeguards that protect American citizens from the heavy hand of government .
September 11 did not do as much damage to the fabric of American society as we seem determined to do to ourselves .
Is the Russia of the late Romanovs really our model , a selfish , superstitious empire thrashing toward self - destruction in the name of a doomed status quo ?
We should ask ourselves why we have failed to persuade more of the world that a war with Iraq is necessary .
We have over the past two years done too much to assert to our world partners that narrow and mercenary U.S. interests override the cherished values of our partners .
Even where our aims were not in question , our consistency is at issue .
The model of Afghanistan is little comfort to allies wondering on what basis we plan to rebuild the Middle East , and in whose image and interests .
Have we indeed become blind , as Russia is blind in Chechnya , as Israel is blind in the Occupied Territories , to our own advice , that overwhelming military power is not the answer to terrorism ?
After the shambles of post - war Iraq joins the shambles in Grozny and Ramallah , it will be a brave foreigner who forms ranks with Micronesia to follow where we lead .
We have a coalition still , a good one .
The loyalty of many of our friends is impressive , a tribute to American moral capital built up over a century .
But our closest allies are persuaded less that war is justified than that it would be perilous to allow the U.S. to drift into complete solipsism .
Loyalty should be reciprocal .
Why does our President condone the swaggering and contemptuous approach to our friends and allies this Administration is fostering , including among its most senior officials .
Has " oderint dum metuant " really become our motto ?
I urge you to listen to America 's friends around the world .
Even here in Greece , purported hotbed of European anti-Americanism , we have more and closer friends than the American newspaper reader can possibly imagine .
Even when they complain about American arrogance , Greeks know that the world is a difficult and dangerous place , and they want a strong international system , with the U.S. and E.U. in close partnership .
When our friends are afraid of us rather than for us , it is time to worry .
And now they are afraid .
Who will tell them convincingly that the United States is as it was , a beacon of liberty , security , and justice for the planet ?
Mr. Secretary , I have enormous respect for your character and ability .
You have preserved more international credibility for us than our policy deserves , and salvaged something positive from the excesses of an ideological and self - serving Administration .
But your loyalty to the President goes too far .
We are straining beyond its limits an international system we built with such toil and treasure , a web of laws , treaties , organizations , and shared values that sets limits on our foes far more effectively than it ever constrained America 's ability to defend its interests .
I am resigning because I have tried and failed to reconcile my conscience with my ability to represent the current U.S. Administration .
I have confidence that our democratic process is ultimately self - correcting , and hope that in a small way I can contribute from outside to shaping policies that better serve the security and prosperity of the American people and the world we share .
Main >
Archives > 2006 > August >
The Downfall of Digg is Forthcoming and Here is Why
( 43 ) Thoughts on The Downfall of Digg is Forthcoming and Here is Why
I hear you .
This is the main reason I do n't go to Digg .
Some of the " top " stories are only there because of a digg - mafia .
Comments by thomas : Wednesday , August 23 , 2006 at 12:34 PM
What about using data mining tools to reduce duplication ?
I 've riffed off your topic on my own blog to explore this idea .
See what you think .
Shifted by Jason : Comment included a link without a link back to this post .
Thus it 's deemed comment spam .
Sorry Nik , you lose .
Comments by Nik : Wednesday , August 23 , 2006 at 02:45 PM
me thinks reddit.com will reign supreme by the end of the year ...
Comments by juju : Wednesday , August 23 , 2006 at 04:02 PM
Nice Digg story and all that but ...
As you are an admitted die hard sports guy ( and sports radio junky ) can you email me ?
I would love to chat with you about a bunch of stuff .
I run a sports radio station and I would like to hear from a total stranger about my industry .
What 's right with it ?
What 's wrong with it ?
What makes a show special ?
What makes a show suck ?
National or local ?
More callers or fewer ?
And a thousand more .
I 'd also like to know what rss 's you swear by .
Chance dawt mcclain at gmail dawt com
Comments by Chance McClain : Wednesday , August 23 , 2006 at 04:09 PM
I got suspicious of Diig a good while ago , but my problem is that I do n't find a good alternative .
Probably , as you bet , the challenger will come from nowhere , or probably is just alive and kicking somewhere .
Suggestions , please ?
Comments by Nelson Medina : Wednesday , August 23 , 2006 at 07:25 PM
Reddit.com is already more interesting than Digg and IMHO will only continue to eat up disenchanted Digg users .
The only problem is that a lot of them seem to have got used to the bad behavior accepted on Digg and are frustrated when they are downmodded into invisibility on reddit in the comments .
There is abuse of the story - modding , for sure , but nowhere near the obvious and malignant self - interested BS seen on Digg .
A few days ago , an anti-Reddit screed stayed at # 1 for quite some time , then slowly decayed off the front page as people seemingly got sick of it .
That was impressive .
Comments by Tim : Wednesday , August 23 , 2006 at 07:37 PM
I compare Digg to the US election process : the " party " chooses the candidate , and then you have to vote .
Does n't matter if the candidate is the best choice , or was there first , etc .
They are one of the big boys now , and you 're limited by what they present to you .
For example , my news sites were blocked because one of their regular users reported me as a news " middle man " despite the fact that sites like physorg , livescience , and sciencedaily use the same model I do : press releases .
One big difference is that on my sites , I wo n't report a cure for cancer next to a story about the latest ipod accessory ...
My stories never advanced to the front page ( despite being posted BEFORE the other sites ( which is what a good news organization does ) ) , so it does n't affect my traffic , but my readers can no longer post my sites .
Digg 's policies ( or lack thereof ) will lead to their downfall .
Comments by Hans : Wednesday , August 23 , 2006 at 07:41 PM
The natural progression of anything that is popular are these " gangs " as you call them which would insinuate that they are dangerous which is stupid .
America has been run by two of your so called " gangs " for two hundred years now .
No one can break them down if they tried .
If you 've ever ran anything that allowed user input then you would know that if you want to keep your direction with your site , you have to delete a few posts here and there .
That is no suprise .
What you are doing with this article is nothing more than crying like you did in high school that you do n't belong because you would n't conform to a certain image .
So in short , if you do n't already realize by what I 've already said , if you are going to make an omlette , then you have to break a few eggs .
Why do n't you try to build a utopian website and see how hard it is when it gets popular .
I 've done it , it 's impossible .
Comments by Tahko Tetsujin : Wednesday , August 23 , 2006 at 08:10 PM
Heh .
What a load of crap .
Sounds like sour grapes to me .
Jealous are we ?
It 's all High School until you die .
Get over it .
Comments by Nora : Wednesday , August 23 , 2006 at 08:24 PM
So I suppose any article on how digg sucks ( even if it 's logical ) is prone to have digg - partial people whining over it , people insulting you personally without offering point - point rebuttals .
Roberts , pay these people NO mind .
Digg is nothing more than a groupthink ant farm of pretentious , uneducated kids .
I say , keep up the good work , you do n't have to be LIKED to be RIGHT .
Tony
Comments by Tony : Wednesday , August 23 , 2006 at 08:49 PM
Well , I wrote about this today as I note how hard it is to get a story to get more than a couple of Diggs ; now I know why .
How can the average Digg contributor possible get much attension when there 's Digg Gangs manipulating the system to make sure their stories get DIGGed ahead of everyone else's .
Comments by webmetricsguru : Wednesday , August 23 , 2006 at 09:30 PM
web 2.0 is an advertising scam .
that 's the title of an article that needs to be written .
what you are describing is not only specific to Digg but many other UGC sites and blogs .
Take TechCrunch for instance .
Arrington 's blog is supposedly news about startups .
In reality , it 's a tool for him to promote his own agenda .
There are hundreds of startups out there and he decides to post every feature update of zoomr or riya .
Of course , these sites are sponsors of his blog .
Digg promotes positive stories about its sponsors ...i.e. apple .
Comments by factpolice : Wednesday , August 23 , 2006 at 09:34 PM
Hans , that is a very good analogy .
I would also like second the motion for Reddit.com as an alternative to Digg .
Personally I use PopURLs.com so i get the best of both worlds .
Tahko , i know its hard , I run a large scale college website and its very difficult , i acknowledge in the article that I know why digg does it , but i just do n't think its good for their long term potential .
Comments by Evan : Wednesday , August 23 , 2006 at 09:47 PM
Agreed , reddit is more interesting , faster , and less - controlled than Digg .
Since I found out about all the secret editting going on at Digg ( recall the recursive post ) I 've stayed away from it .
I get everything I need in the news and opinions from Reddit at this point .
Comments by Charles Jillian : Wednesday , August 23 , 2006 at 11:01 PM
I switched to Reddit immediately after Digg started requiring you to log in to view certain stories .
Plus , the RSS feed from Reddit allows you to jump directly to the story .
Comments by PC : Thursday , August 24 , 2006 at 12:05 AM
I 've stopped using Digg too in favor of Reddit .
Reddit just seems more interesting .
And the comments are way more intelligent .
I 've also been looking closely at a new site called Fanpop ( www.fanpop.com).
It 's still new and relatively empty , but the concept looks promising ( sort of a cross between digg and yahoo groups for very targeted niches ) .
Comments by Joe : Thursday , August 24 , 2006 at 12:47 AM
There are what over a BILLION websites ...
I 'm not sure who told you that you were forced to visit that particular one ...
but trust me they lied -
you have what 's called freewill and
unless you need to upgrade your system
something called a BACK button ...
Hope that helps ...:)
I 'm sure out of the billlion or so web sites out there you can find dozens that do the same thing that DIGG does ... just stick with one of those who've perfected the concept ...
unless of course this is a whole NEW concept that 's still learning and growing and finding ways to tweak it so it will ....
FIT EVERY SINGLE PERSONS NEEDS EXACTLY ....
There are thousands of people going OF THEIR OWN FREE WILL to that site every day ... please do write exactly how YOU would tweak that site to make every single person happy ...
your comments ... are good though ... the truth is it shows me that you have spent enough time on that site ... to observe all that you have
you really should DEMAND a FULL REFUND - it 's clearly not living up to it 's GUARANTEE - demand every penny you spent there BACK .
and while your making that demand .. you should also glaringly demand that they drop all the heavy advertising all over their site ... it 's shameful -
Oh and by the way I 'd really love to hear how you faired on your own experience having 10's of thousands of different personalities interacting ... clearly you believe in some hard core policing , in what ways did you go about that ?
Have a nice day
Comments by Clue : Thursday , August 24 , 2006 at 02:46 AM
I do n't think this is just Digg 's flaw .
How is reddit any different ?
Comments by Diego Amicabile : Thursday , August 24 , 2006 at 05:29 AM
I do n't think digg originally was very complicated in its rule system , just like reddit .
But as the service becomes more popular , more mainstream , all kinds of safegaurds and anti-spam techniques have to be implemented .
Reddit will have the same problem , I just hope they solve it right , and not the way digg does .
Comments by Hilko : Thursday , August 24 , 2006 at 07:28 AM
Digg suffers from a systemically flawed design .
The idea behind it is to leverage " Group Wisdom " to decide what stories are on the front page .
Here 's the rub though :
For group wisdom to work , each individual should have no knowledge of what other users are doing and vote independently .
It needs to be a secret ballot .
Digg , with every revision , has gotten further from that .
The number of " Diggs " is featured prominently .
Their social features seem designed to get you to Digg the stories your friends are Digging .
Digg itself and the community at large gives more weight to the top users .
The result is it 's not community driven and there 's no group wisdom being employed .
I prefer Reddit ; hopefully they wo n't make the same mistakes as they grow .
Comments by Eric : Thursday , August 24 , 2006 at 08:48 AM
this story on digg has 300 diggs but isnt even on the category home page , but there is a story with 21 diggs ... hmmmm
Comments by Evan : Thursday , August 24 , 2006 at 09:41 AM
Curb your news addiction .
If you do n't like it , do n't use it .
Techmeme.com will save you time .
Try it .
Comments by PJ : Thursday , August 24 , 2006 at 10:15 AM
I have had a similar experience with my own blog posts on dig .
I submit a story then someone will mine my links to create their own blog post , submit it to dig and vote early and often to pass my submission .
Comments by paul : Thursday , August 24 , 2006 at 10:23 AM
I 'm confused .
Perhaps you could help me .
If Digg is so terrible why have you ripped off their look and feel wholesale ?
Comments by Rob Leather : Thursday , August 24 , 2006 at 12:58 PM
( part 2 of 3 )
-” I listen to sports radio about 20hrs a day and have a multitude of RSS feeds that are sports only , so I am pretty on top of the news in the sports world .
I highly doubt there are many more people that are on top of sports news more then myself and being that the Digg / sports section is pretty poor , I thought I would help contribute by submitting new and breaking stories in hopes that the sports section of Digg would pick up and it would be a bit more interesting .
2 days ago I submitted a story to Digg regarding the Arizona Cardinals name of their new football stadium , and it ended up with 17 diggs .
Well , yesterday while going through my RSS feed , I saw that the same story had made the digg / sports home page .
One of them with 11 Diggs which is less then my submission and another with 470 Diggs and counting .
Both stories were submitted well after mine , and the one currently on the sports home a whole day after . ”
Here is a couple of possibilities into your example .
There is :
a) Perhaps you are n't the leading expert on sports as you think you are .
I mean this article is an article on a sports site that you write for right ?
No it is n't .
b ) I looked at your “ pink taco ” story .
As a matter of fact the person that got more diggs than you only posted it one hour after you did with a link to the story that worked .
Your link only takes you to a place where you have to register to view it and no one is going to do that .
c ) You are just a crybaby .
Comments by Tahko Tetsujin : Thursday , August 24 , 2006 at 01:19 PM
( part 3 of 3 )
-“ After contacting a few of the prominent " Diggers " in the sports section ( who asked to remain nameless ) , I asked them all the same question on how their stories always get " dugg " and I was taken aback by the answers .
These " diggers " all have some sort of advanced notification system , from email list servs , message board , and even IM bots to notify their digging network . ”
Maybe so but that does n't explain why one got more diggs that yours .
You linked to an article that required more than just clicking .
Again , no one is going to randomly register to see one article .
-“ This has become a major problem with Digg where a select few groups are controlling the contents of various sections .
There is no motivation for the millions of other users who are n't a part of a digg - army and just want to submit good content in order to make a section better but can't make any contributions because people are n't using the digg system like it was designed .
If Digg plans to expand into other areas such as they have sports , entertainment , and others the system needs to be revisited and tweaked or else the other sections will face the same mediocrity that plagues the newer categories . ”
You are an idiot that created a whiny article instead of trying to find what I found as the root of your problem which was how you linked to the story .
-” I 'm sure this story will get buried or deleted from Digg like the others , but Digg it here ”
Oh I 'm sure this article will get more diggs now .
Unless you fall to your own complaints and delete this comment .
Comments by Tahko Tetsujin : Thursday , August 24 , 2006 at 01:20 PM
I agree with Rob Leather .
Also , if Digg is so horrible and will fail , why are you submitting stories ?
In fact , by you submitting a story , you are helping the Digg environment .
Go talk about Sports .
You talk like you know about that .
Comments by Matt : Thursday , August 24 , 2006 at 01:20 PM
Guys , I think you all need to go back to 6th grade and take reading comprehension again .
I never said Digg was horrible , just pointing out its fatal flaw .
I was submitting sports articles to help the section , like I stated .
I 'm no expert nor do i claim to be one .
I 've even submitted lots of AP articles with relevant news that just dont get dugg .
Tahko , thanks for the name calling , real mature .
Comments by Evan : Thursday , August 24 , 2006 at 03:17 PM
The only reason why I called you a stupid crybaby is because you are being a stupid crybaby .
You mislinked your article and instead of finding yourself at fault ( which is something you should have done before going off and putting a foot in your mouth ) , you went and poked around and tried to find any face that could be at fault without a reflection .
Your article now is trite with no credibility .
Anyone who looks up the " pink taco " article on Digg will see it because it 's plain as night and day .
Seriously , you should feel like a heel but again instead of realizing your blunder and correcting it , you go strait to just calling me a name caller .
If it walks like a duck and quacks like a duck it is NOT an elephant , it is a duck .
You better face off with yourself and your mistake or you are going to lose your job .
Comments by Tahko Tetsujin : Thursday , August 24 , 2006 at 07:00 PM
How is the sports article mislinked ?
I went to it when it was posted and again now and it 's fine .
You do n't have to register for it .
What great commentary from people - you suck , crybaby , hit the back button , etc.
Seriously what is up ?
The people who resort to name calling IMMEDIATELY discredit themselves and any ideas they have regardless of the validity .
I think this article brings up a valid discussion .
I also like the comment by factpolice on his / her view on web 2.0 being a scam .
I 'm in online advertising , and I am amazed on a daily basis the amount of money in this industry .
Comments by thomas : Thursday , August 24 , 2006 at 09:48 PM
Good job Tahko -- " the article is mislinked . "
Did you even read the article , or are you just into writing long , pointless essays ?
Comments by Pyronite : Saturday , August 26 , 2006 at 06:21 PM
Someone in an earlier post mentioned that sites like digg try to leverage a ' group wisdom ' to decide what is relevant / important .
The problem with this approach is that it depends in part at least on the wisdom , not to mention the integrity , of the individual diggers .
And from my observations of some sections of digg so far it has become apparent that what is important or dug more often than not often is not even factual , in fact quite often the very opposite , but seems based more on what the majority of the diggers on a particular item want to be true and so promote even falsehoods as true as long as it fits with their beliefs .
With this goes the propensity to both dig down any posts correcting the falsehood as well often as a stream of invective against those uniwse to correct such posts .
It also goes without saying that if you are one of the favoured ones who are one with the group zeitgeist then you can write almost any garbage or lies and have it dug .
The main reason I no longer visit the site .
Comments by David Richards : Wednesday , August 30 , 2006 at 02:56 PM
Kevin and the digg community are all talking about the top user " collusion " but not the problem pattern of many stories getting " super buried " ( this happens often if the article is at all critical of digg ) or other stories with very few diggs getting swept to the front page while stories about the same topic with more diggs but _not_ by one of the top users do n't get to the front page .
Note that Kevin did n't link to the two stories
http://jesusphreak.infogami.com/blog/what_happened_to_digg
that started this because they were marked as front page but not on the front page , he skips explaining why and how that is happening .
And yeah , nobody should care , but if you ( Kevin et al ) keep saying all the time - the site is completely user driven , wisdom of crowds , blah , blah - then do n't have a man behind the curtain altering what gets to the front page or not .
Comments by bobo the monkey : Thursday , September 07 , 2006 at 03:06 PM
Nothing beats VitalPodcasts.com for podcasts , skip text , and listen to some of the best sports radio via podcasts on VitalPodcasts.com .
Comments by Dave : Friday , October 06 , 2006 at 07:34 AM
I just joined digg 2 months ago .
I read a few articles about how digg sucks but thought it was worth my time to decide for myself whether or not this is true .
Well today I saw it happen .
A story in offbeat news about a " bionic cow " was promoted with 25 diggs while another story with 52 diggs was left unpromoted .
Both submissions were by the same person and both had mostly the same first 24 people who dugg it and mostly top 30 users .
The glaring difference between the 2 ?
Kevin Rose was the last to digg the cow story submission before it hit the front page .
The other story is right now still sitting in the upcoming section with 60 diggs and the lame cow story that kevin dugg is still on the front page of offbeat news with only 99 diggs after more than 3 hours there .
I have to wonder was kevin just stumbling in from a night out binge drinking shen he DECIDED the cow story was fron page material ?
By the way , the unpromoted story with 60 diggs is interesting :
It 's about a 100 year old lady who just renewed her driver 's liscence .
So , I have seen it for myself : Digg is not user driven , but is in fact owner driven .
I highly doubt I will be doing any more diggin ' .
Comments by rdixon : Wednesday , November 01 , 2006 at 09:33 AM
My mind is like a fog , not that it matters .
I just do n't have much to say these days .
That 's how it is .
I have n't been up to anything recently .
Comments by smileys people : Friday , December 01 , 2006 at 11:30 AM
" It 's all High School until you die . " ?!
ROFL , what a sad outlook on life .
High school ends in 12th grade .
Grow your own set of balls already .
Anyhoo , this article is spot on .
Digg is done .
Comments by Farewell Digg : Tuesday , January 09 , 2007 at 11:52 AM
So Digg becomes DMOZ .
Sorry to be a bit late posting this comment , but I just saw this .
All of this reminds me of DMOZ ( aka Open Directory Project ) .
The idea was to have volunteer editors who would build a Yahoo - style directory out of the goodness of their hearts .
But , once a DMOZ listing became commercially valuable , the " volunteers " became predators , blocking competitors and promoting their own sites instead .
It 's a form of " tragedy of the commons , " and judging from the remarks , it looks like Digg has taken a tragic turn .
Comments by Mark Metz : Thursday , February 01 , 2007 at 03:50 PM
I loved Digg when I first started visiting it for all of its previously stated positive qualities .
Honestly , I have never been really concerned about the content being manipulated .
I no longer visit Digg because of the frequent displays of user immaturity and disrespect .
I do n’t like being a part of a community that revolves around hate or 8th grade humor .
I do n’t like the idea that I am indirectly supporting this behavior .
I understand that the community can digg or bury comments … but when 98 % of the comments are garbage why bother .
Tahko Tetsujin – your hostile , barely - intelligible rants are the perfect example of what is really wrong with Digg .
You took a very interesting article and personally attacked its author .
It is hypocritical of you to denounce the opinion of another and then expect anyone to respect to yours .
Your comments are obviously biased and were intended to kill the discussion .
If Digg is something that is important to you then help make it better through analyses .
Reread the article – the author state that he likes Digg .
Do n’t foolishly get caught up in all this self - righteous hype .
Digg sucks because of you .
Comments by jean : Monday , March 19 , 2007 at 07:28 AM
Mine is different everytime i submit a post .
The post has been dugg already .
I think something is not right .
Is not in the past no wonder my traffic evaporized .
Imagined post submit in a matter of second dugg already .
Amazing is n't it .
Comments by eliseo : Thursday , September 27 , 2007 at 01:54 AM
Many thanks for all your comments .
Very valuable .
Comments by Free Full Videos : Tuesday , February 03 , 2009 at 06:19 AM
I have read all throw this topic and I agree with every word .
Digg 's own fame is going to be it's own downfall .
To many people are using it to for marketing purposes .
Comments by TheMarketingEffect : Wednesday , April 15 , 2009 at 08:46 AM
I recently found this gem of an article .
Sadly , digg is still popular and the type of behavior listed above is still happening .
Comments by Eliot : Sunday , July 25 , 2010 at 05:46 PM
Post a Comment
After what has been described as the most foolish war in over 2,000 years , is there a way out of Iraq for President Bush , asks Brian Whitaker
There is a remarkable article in the latest issue of the American Jewish weekly , Forward .
It calls for President Bush to be impeached and put on trial " for misleading the American people , and launching the most foolish war since Emperor Augustus in 9 BC sent his legions into Germany and lost them " .
To describe Iraq as the most foolish war of the last 2,014 years is a sweeping statement , but the writer is well qualified to know .
He is Martin van Creveld , a professor at the Hebrew University in Jerusalem and one of the world 's foremost military historians .
Several of his books have influenced modern military theory and he is the only non-American author on the US Army 's list of required reading for officers .
Professor van Creveld has previously drawn parallels between Iraq and Vietnam , and pointed out that almost all countries that have tried to fight similar wars during the last 60 years or so have ended up losing .
Why President Bush " nevertheless decided to go to war escapes me and will no doubt preoccupy historians to come , " he told one interviewer .
The professor 's puzzlement is understandable .
More than two years after the war began , and despite the huge financial and human cost , it is difficult to see any real benefits .
The weapons of mass destruction that provided the excuse for the invasion turned out not to exist and the idea that Iraq could become a beacon of democracy for the Middle East has proved equally far - fetched .
True , there is now a multi-party electoral system , but it has institutionalised and consolidated the country 's ethnic , sectarian and tribal divisions - exactly the sort of thing that should be avoided when attempting to democratise .
In the absence of anything more positive , Tony Blair has fallen back on the claim that at least we 're better off now without Saddam Hussein .
That , too , sounds increasingly hollow .
The fall of Saddam has brought the rise of Zarqawi and his ilk , levels of corruption in Iraq seem as bad as ever , and at the weekend former prime minister Iyad Allawi caused a stir by asserting that the human rights are no better protected now than under the rule of Saddam .
Noting that some two - thirds of Americans believe the war was a mistake , van Creveld says in his article that the US should forget about saving face and pull its troops out : " What had to come , has come .
The question is no longer if American forces will be withdrawn , but how soon - and at what cost . "
Welcome as a pullout might be to many Americans , it would be a hugely complex operation .
Van Creveld says it would probably take several months and result in sizeable casualties .
More significantly , though , it would not end the conflict .
" As the pullout proceeds , " he warns , " Iraq almost certainly will sink into an all - out civil war from which it will take the country a long time to emerge - if , indeed , it can do so at all .
All this is inevitable and will take place whether George W Bush , Dick Cheney , Donald Rumsfeld and Condoleezza Rice like it or not . "
This is one of the major differences between Iraq and the withdrawal from Vietnam .
In Vietnam , it took place under a smokescreen of " Vietnamisation " in which US troops handed control to local forces in the south .
Of course , it was a fairly thin smokescreen ; many people were aware at the time that these southern forces could not hold out and in due course the North Vietnamese overran the south , finally bringing the war to an end .
Officially , a similar process is under way in Iraq , with the Americans saying they will eventually hand over to the new Iraqi army - though the chances of that succeeding look even bleaker than they did in Vietnam .
" The new Iraqi army is by all accounts much weaker , less skilled , less cohesive and less loyal to its government than even the South Vietnamese army was , " van Creveld writes .
Worse still , in Iraq there is no equivalent of the North Vietnamese regime poised to take power .
What will happen once the Americans have gone is anyone 's guess , but a sudden outbreak of peace seems the remotest of all the possibilities .
Not surprisingly , many who in principle would argue that the Americans had no right to invade Iraq in the first place are apprehensive about what might happen once they leave .
The conference organised by the Arab League in Cairo last week was one example : it called for " the withdrawal of foreign forces according to a timetable " but did n't venture to suggest what that timetable might be .
With or without American troops , the war in Iraq has acquired a momentum of its own and threatens to spill over into other parts of the region .
There are four major issues : terrorism , Sunni-Shia rivalries , Kurdish aspirations , and the question of Iraq 's territorial integrity - all of which pose dangers internationally .
Back in July 2003 , terrorism in Iraq seemed a manageable problem and President Bush boldly challenged the militants to " bring 'em on " .
American forces , he said , were " plenty tough " and would deal with anyone who attacked them .
There were others in the US who talked of the " flypaper theory " - an idea that terrorists from around the world could be attracted to Iraq and then eliminated .
Well , the first part of the flypaper theory seems to work , but not the second .
As with the Afghan war in the 1980s that spawned al - Qaida , there is every reason to suppose that the Iraq war will create a new generation of terrorists with expertise that can be used to plague other parts of the world for decades to come .
The recent hotel bombings in Jordan are one indication of the way it 's heading .
Contrary to American intentions , the war has also greatly increased the influence of Iran - a founder - member of Bush 's " Axis of Evil " - and opened up long - suppressed rivalries between Sunni and Shia Muslims .
The impact of this cannot be confined to Iraq and will eventually be felt in the oil - rich Sunni Gulf states ( including Saudi Arabia ) that have sizeable but marginalised Shia communities .
Kurdish aspirations have been awakened too - which has implications for Turkey , Syria and Iran , especially if Iraq is eventually dismembered .
With a fragile central government in Baghdad constantly undermined by the activities of militants and weakened by the conflicting demands of Sunnis , Shias and Kurds , the demise of Iraq as a nation - state sometime during the next few years has become a distinct possibility .
The effect of that on the regional power balance is difficult to predict , but at the very least it would bring a period of increased instability .
No one can claim that any of this was unexpected .
The dangers had been foreseen by numerous analysts and commentators long before the war started but they were ignored in Washington , mainly for ideological reasons .
There were , of course , some in the neoconservative lobby who foresaw it too and thought it would be a good thing - shaking up the entire Middle East in a wave of " creative destruction " .
The result is that even if the US tries to leave Iraq now , in purely practical terms it is unlikely to be able to do so .
Professor van Creveld 's plan for withdrawal of ground troops is not so much a disengagement as a strategic readjustment .
An American military presence will still be needed in the region , he says .
" Tehran is certain to emerge as the biggest winner from the war ...
Now that Iraq is gone , it is hard to see how anybody except the United States can keep the Gulf states , and their oil , out of the mullahs ' clutches .
" A divided , chaotic , government - less Iraq is very likely to become a hornets ' nest .
From it , a hundred mini-Zarqawis will spread all over the Middle East , conducting acts of sabotage and seeking to overthrow governments in Allah 's name .
" The Gulf States apart , the most vulnerable country is Jordan , as evidenced by the recent attacks in Amman .
However , Turkey , Egypt and , to a lesser extent , Israel are also likely to feel the impact .
Some of these countries , Jordan in particular , are going to require American assistance . "
As described in the article , van Creveld 's plan seems to imply that the US should abandon Iraq to its fate and concentrate instead on protecting American allies in the region from adverse consequences .
A slightly different idea - pulling out ground troops from Iraq but continuing to use air power there - is already being considered in Washington , according to Seymour Hersh in the latest issue of the New Yorker magazine .
The military are reportedly unhappy about this , fearing it could make them dependent on untrustworthy Iraqi forces for pinpointing targets .
One military planner quoted by the magazine asked : " Will the Iraqis call in air strikes in order to snuff rivals , or other warlords , or to snuff members of your own sect and blame it on someone else ? "
Focusing on air power has obvious political attractions for the Bush administration , since it is the safety of US ground troops that American voters are most concerned about .
But , again , that would not amount to a real disengagement and would do little or nothing to improve America 's image in the region - especially if reliance on air strikes increased the number of civilian casualties .
The inescapable fact is that the processes Mr Bush unleashed on March 20 2003 ( and imagined he had ended with his " mission accomplished " speech six weeks later ) will take a decade or more to run their course and there is little that anyone , even the US , can do now to halt them .
In his eagerness for regime change in Iraq , Mr Bush blundered into a trap from which in the short term there is no way out : the Americans will be damned if they stay and damned if they leave .
Everyone ’s always asking me when Apple will come out with a cellphone .
My answer is , “ Probably never . ”
I have friends who worked on the Palm Treo .
And to this day , my gut churns to recall the hell they went through .
The problem is that when you build a cellphone , the carriers ( Verizon , Cingular , etc. ) have veto power over EVERY move you make .
You have to fight , wheedle , cajole , beg , demo , refine , lather , rinse , repeat …all in hopes that the carriers will accept your design–and stock your phone .
I cannot imagine Apple giving veto power to ANYONE over its software design .
It just ai n’t gonna happen .
Now , some have speculated that Apple could start up its * own * carrier , becoming a cellphone company in its own right by licensing airtime from one of the larger carries , as Amp’d , Helio and other small carriers have done .
Well , maybe .
Look , I ’d love an Apple phone .
On this point , I ’ll be delighted to turn out to be wrong .
I think cellphones are as ripe for a radical rethink as the online music store was when Apple set up iTunes .
But let ’s not go all wiggy every time someone passes around an iPhone rumor on the Web .
Odds are , it ’s just there to get you riled up .
Do n’t believe me ?
Then have a look at this wonderful Museum of Bogus Apple Phone Rumors , extending all the way back to 2004 and filled with “ photos ” and “ reports . ”
[ Update : So now there ’s a new rumor that Apple has signed a deal with Cingular for early 2007 , and there are error messages hidden in today ’s iTunes 7.0.1 update that contain references to music and photos on your “ mobile phone . ”
Does this mean the iPhone is imminent after all ?
Or should we get all excited because THESE rumors seem better than the last ones ? ]
Currently , trade journalism and Public Relations , as we have known them , are being blown up and rebuilt .
This is an attempt to write down a theory of what we ’re trying to build .
[ Provoked by smart remarks from Russ Beattie and Steve Gillmor , a really wrong , but provocative , phrase from Steve Rubel , and a private conversation with Big Pharma . ]
[ Update : Tons of feedback ; my favorite is from Scoble . ]
[ Update : Gosh , some PR people are irritated ; I ’m shocked ... shocked !]
More specifically , Steve Rubel , in the middle of getting a pretty severe smackdown from Russ Beattie , said “ If anything , we [ PR bloggers ] are about bringing transparency to your profession ... ” and it dawned on me that , no , PR has n’t been about transparency , not in the slightest .
So what should it be about ?
Simultaneously , Steve Gillmor came out and said what a lot of us have been thinking : the relationship between blogging and the conventional trade press and analysts is starting to have a zero - sum smell .
So do these people have a future , and if so , what is it ?
Finally , last week I was talking to a senior marketing person from a major pharmaceutical manufacturer about enterprise blogging , and he asked “ But what about the risk that if you turn your employees loose , they ’ll make you look bad ? ”
The answer is at the center of everything in the New Public Relations .
The Old Public Relations ·
The mechanism was easy to write down , it went like this :
Senior management , with a lot of input from marketing people , would work out a company ’s message and talking points .
Internal marketing people , working with PR consultants , would try to burn the message into the retinas of the trade press and analysts .
The journalists and analysts would do what they do : the whorish segment of the profession regurgitating the company messages to the attention of very few , the independent thinkers producing sometimes - useful analysis of what the companies were really up to .
It never worked that well ; to start with , it was expensive and slow .
Also , there was a huge conflict of interest : the journalists and analysts , who positioned themselves as independents , were in fact mostly on the payroll of the companies trying to push the messages .
There ’s another obvious problem with this picture : the real experts , the actual people who work at the company who are down in the trenches getting the job done , are n’t in it .
The New Public Relations ·
The new PR pipeline is a lot shorter , simpler , and wider :
Senior management works out a company ’s goals and messages .
Management works hard to make sure that the employees understand them .
The people who are really doing the work tell the story to the world , directly .
Will You Look Bad ? ·
Now let ’s address the question from the Big Pharma person : Suppose your employees make you look bad ?
The answer is obvious : if your employees either do n’t understand what your company is trying to accomplish , or ca n’t do a good job of explaining it , then blogs are the least of your problems .
That ’s not new .
What ’s new is that when the information chain ’s gatekeepers were the PR people and journalists and analysts , it was a lot easier to run a company from the top down , using traditional Pointy - Haired - Boss techniques .
This is nothing new :
The world has a lot of PHBs , and probably always will , and a lot of places will always be badly managed .
What ’s new is that , in the era of the New Public Relations , well - managed companies — defined as ones where the employees understand the strategy and can communicate it — have one more advantage .
This might , in the big picture , make the this whole free - market economy thing work a little better .
No More Intermediaries ?
·
So , can we lay off all the PR people and shut down the trade press ?
I sure hope not .
It seems like we should have room for people out there who make a full - time living observing , and writing about , our profession ; but who are n’t whores .
Having said that , the business model needs some work , I ’m really dubious that an advertising - supported trade press can stay meaningful in the age of the New Public Relations .
Also , we still need events — conferences , unConferences , seminars , beer bashes — and they take a lot of organizing and stick - handling and I suspect that PR pros have the right sort of social - convener skills to deliver value from such things .
I ’m not against information intermediaries ; but the days of command - and - control PR are pretty well over .
We , the bloggers , are going to go on telling the world what we ’re doing for a living and why it matters , and we ’re going to do it in our own voices , and we ’re going to be simultaneously biased and eccentric and authoritative , because that ’s how life is .
If our company has a sane strategy and we believe in it , then the world is going to come to understand it .
You , the information professionals , you can aggregate us or repurpose us or debate with us or debunk us .
But this big fat pipe with everyone ’s voice roaring through it ?
It ’s not closing .
Criticism brings end to flu - shot campaign CAMPAIGN 2006
Offer of free flu shots halted at polling places
Mayor cancels program after critics slam it as a politically motivated ploy
Voting is good .
Flu shots are good .
But mix them together in the middle of a hard - fought election season and politics takes over .
Mayor Bill
White ordered a halt Wednesday to the city health department 's privately funded drive to offer flu vaccinations at early voting sites in predominantly Hispanic and black neighborhoods , amid conservative criticism that the effort would boost Democratic turnout .
About 1,300 flu shots were given to people age 50 or older in the past three days under the program , which did n't require the recipients to vote .
Health officials said they were only trying to reach people in medically underserved communities .
White defended the program Wednesday but said he decided to abandon it to avoid the perception that it was an attempt to draw certain voters to the polls .
White is a former chairman of the state Democratic Party and served in the administration of former President Clinton .
" There was no political motive whatsoever to do it , " he told reporters after the City Council meeting .
" I do n't want to have to spend more money in defending a baseless lawsuit than we 're giving away in vaccine or allow anybody to question the integrity of the political process . "
Harold Dickey , 81 , already had participated in that process by voting several days ago but missed out on a flu shot when he arrived at the Sunnyside Multi -Service Center on Wednesday about 10 minutes after White 's order took effect .
" Well , that 's just a bunch of so - and - so , " Dickey said when told the vaccine program was closed because of accusations that it was politically motivated .
" That 's a hell of a thing to do . "
" The shot was n't tied to my vote in any way , " he said .
Two days of criticism
White 's decision followed two days of criticism from some conservative bloggers and talk radio shows hosts after officials announced the program Monday .
At least 20 other municipalities have launched the same initiative in several states , city officials said .
Local Republicans , who had scheduled an afternoon news conference on the vaccination issue before the mayor 's announcement , accused White of deliberately selecting early voting sites in Democratic strongholds in an attempt to gin up votes favorable to city propositions on Tuesday 's ballot .
" I think the program was completely motivated by a plan to turn out Democratic voters , " said Harris County Republican Chairman Jared Woodfill .
Woodfill said the program violated a provision in state law that prohibits any benefit or consideration in exchange for a vote .
He said the local GOP is pledging $ 1,000 to provide free vaccinations the day after Election Day , and he called on the city and the localDemocratic Party to match the pledge .
City health director Stephen Williams said the program was motivated by public - health concerns and said anyone 50 or older was eligible for a shot — not just those who voted .
" The sole purpose of doing the ' vote and vaccinate ' initiative is to actually go where the people were , " Williams said .
Other voters at Sunnyside said they were n't even aware that vaccinations would be available when they voted .
Ida Gibson , 59 , said " it 's just ridiculous " for anyone to tie her vote to a shot .
" It 's not an incentive for me to come , " she said .
Williams said he hopes to get permission from Amerigroup Foundation , which helped get the vaccinations with funding from the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation , to offer the remaining 1,600 doses at less controversial locations .
Fine legal line
Before launching the program , Williams ' staff consulted with Republican Harris County Clerk Beverly Kaufman , the county 's top election official , who offered support provided that the initiative complied with applicable laws .
Kaufman 's spokesman , David Beirne , said erroneous media reports might have fueled the perception that voting was related to receiving something of value , which could violate the law .
" It 's not tied to the voting practice , which is a critical element , " he said .
" We did not see anything on its face to indicate that it would be a clear violation of election law . "
Scott Haywood , a spokesman for Texas Secretary of State Roger Williams , also a Republican , said in an e-mail that " there is nothing wrong with a health clinic being located at the same site that voting is taking place , " provided that people were n't required to vote to get the service .
Stephen Williams , the city health chief , and White said the terms of the Amerigroup grant required a tie to polling places in medically underserved areas where populations are less likely to get vaccinations .
The Amerigroup Foundation , according to its Web site , is the philanthropic arm of the Amerigroup Corp. , a health - care company with a focus on providing services to low - income communities .
The Robert Wood Johnson Foundation is a philanthropic group that devotes funding to health care .
Amerigroup spokesman Kent Jenkins said the program was an extension of existing immunization efforts and that Amerigroup helped offer a similar service at some of the same city sites in September .
" I understand the nature of the objection , " he said .
" All I can tell you is that we were looking at in a health care context . "
Chronicle reporters Alexis Grant and Leigh Hopper contributed to this report .
matt.stiles@chron.comanne.kilday @chron.comlori.rodriguez@chron.com
What do you think about this ?
Post your comments below .
In a tearful videotaped message Sunday to his congregation , the senior pastor of a thriving evangelical megachurch in south metro
Denver confessed to sexual relations with other men and announced he had voluntarily resigned his pulpit .
A month ago , the Rev. Paul Barnes of Grace Chapel in Doug las County preached to his 2,100 - member congregation about integrity and grace in the aftermath of the Ted Haggard drugs - and - gay - sex scandal .
Now , the 54 - year - old Barnes joins Haggard as a fallen evangelical minister who preached that homosexuality was a sin but grappled with a hidden life .
“ I have struggled with homosexuality since I was a 5 - year - old boy , ” Barnes said in the 32 - minute video , which church leaders permitted The Denver Post to view . “…
I ca n’t tell you the number of nights I have cried myself to sleep , begging God to take this away . ”
His wife , Char , cradled his hand .
Barnes declined an interview request through the church .
Unlike Haggard , who had the ear of the White House , Barnes is not a household name .
He is a self - described introvert who avoids politics , preferring to talk about a Gen - X service at the nondenominational church he started 28 years ago in his basement , church officials said .
Barnes and Grace Chapel stayed out of the debate over Amendment 43 , a measure approved by Colorado voters last month defining marriage as between one man and one woman .
“ I ca n’t think of a single sermon where he ever had a political agenda , ” said Dave Palmer , an associate pastor .
Palmer said the church got an anonymous call last week from a person concerned for the welfare of Barnes and the church .
The caller had overheard a conversation in which someone mentioned “ blowing the whistle ” on evangelical preachers engaged in homosexuality , including Barnes , Palmer said .
Palmer met with Barnes , who confessed .
At an emergency meeting Thursday , a board of elders accepted Barnes ’ resignation after he admitted “ sexual infidelity , ” violating the church ’s code of conduct .
Church leaders also must affirm annually that they are “ living the moral and ethical teachings of Scripture in my public and private life . ”
Asked for details of Barnes ’ transgressions , Palmer called them “ infrequent events in his life ” that to his knowledge did not take place in recent months .
Sitting cross-legged in jeans and an open - collar shirt , Barnes spoke in his video about evolving feelings growing up in a firm moral family : from confused little boy to adolescent racked with self - loathing and guilt .
In their only talk about sex , Barnes said his father took him on a drive and talked about what he would do if a “ fag ” approached him .
Barnes thought , “ ‘ Is that how you ’d feel about me ? ’
It was like a knife in my heart , and it made me feel even more closed . ”
When Barnes experienced a Christian conversion at 17 , it gave him a glimmer of hope .
But his homosexual feelings never went away , he said .
He said he cannot accept that a person is “ born that way , ” so he looks to childhood influences .
Barnes said he asked God many times why he was called to ministry , to start Grace Chapel , carrying a “ horrible burden . ”
The soft - spoken Barnes is an unlikely big - church pastor .
After graduating from Dallas Theological Seminary , Barnes and his wife moved to Denver and began a Bible study .
His church met in a school and a mortuary , bought property at Colorado Boulevard and Arapahoe Road , and now occupies a campus off County Line Road that used to be a car dealership .
Barnes described struggling with what he believes is the biblical teaching that homosexuality is an abomination .
Over the years , he grew to accept that “ this is my thorn in the flesh . ”
Barnes expressed hope for a future where one can “ be who you are ” and be accepted and loved in the Christian community and also spoke about “ separating some of the teachings from Scripture ” from Jesus Christ .
Palmer said he was n’t sure what Barnes meant , but Barnes told him that he believes God views homosexuality as a sin .
Barnes said he has been in counseling three times and never found anyone he could talk to .
His wife said on the video that she did n’t know about her husband ’s struggles until he confided in her last week .
The couple has two daughters in their 20s .
Char Barnes said she feels “ like I ’m living someone else ’s life ” but was grateful her husband revealed himself .
The couple said they hope to stay in Denver .
Near the tape ’s end , Paul Barnes says , “ This is what it is , it ’s right , and it ’s time . ”
Church elder Russ Pilcher said the reaction at services Sunday was largely concern for the couple .
“ I thought , ‘ Where did I fall short in making myself so unapproachable that he could n’t come to me ? ” ‘
Pilcher said .
Paul and Char Barnes will get counseling , but unlike Haggard , they will not go into seclusion or report to a board of reconcilers , Palmer said .
He said it will be more personal and that church members will play a role .
Associate pastor John Zivojinovic is the interim senior pastor , and choosing a successor is still months away , Pilcher said .
Given the Haggard story , Pal mer was asked whether Barnes ’ fall from grace would expose the evangelical community to further charges of hypocrisy .
“ The criticism is valid if you look at perfection being the mark , because the next person who stands at our pulpit is going to be guilty of not being perfect as well , ” he said .
“ Does that mean we have to change what we say about the word of God ?
We ca n’t do that . ”
Staff writer Eric Gorski can be reached at 303-954-1698 or egorski@denverpost.com .
Condoleezza Rice 's anti-Russian stance based on sexual problems
The US Secretary of State released a coarse anti-Russian statement .
This is because she is a single woman who has no children
Condoleezza Rice , the US Secretary of State , openly criticized the Russian government in connection with the gas conflict with Ukraine .
Ms. Rice used quite a trivial technique of psychological pressure , which is mostly practiced in the field of education .
According to Condoleezza Rice , Russia 's actions towards Ukraine did not characterize it as a respectable member of the Group of Eight .
The statement from the high - ranking US official sounded like a reprimand from a strict babysitter that was teaching its baby to behave .
It goes without saying that the largest Eurasian power is not a baby .
In addition , the geopolitical system in the world has undergone dramatic changes since the 1990s .
The US Secretary of State , however , has seemingly lost the sense of time and reality .
Ms. Rice 's wish to exercise her political power became a surprise for both the Russian Ministry for Foreign Affairs and proponents of traditional liberal values .
Ms. Rice 's criticism can be explained with the politician 's personal peculiarities .
Why is Condoleezza Rice so fond of her “ strict teacher ” role ?
Is it her technique that she follows to stay in the center of political attention ?
The leader of the Liberal and Democratic Party of Russia ( LDPR ) , Vladimir Zhirinovsky , expressed his opinion on the matter in an exclusive interview with Pravda .
Ru .
” Condoleezza Rice released a coarse anti-Russian statement .
This is because she is a single woman who has no children .
She loses her reason because of her late single status .
Nature takes it all .
” Such women are very rough .
They are all workaholics , public workaholics .
They can be happy only when they are talked and written about everywhere : “ Oh , Condoleezza , what a remarkable woman , what a charming Afro - American lady !
How well she can play the piano and speak Russian !
What a courageous , tough and strong female she is !
” This is the only way to satisfy her needs of a female .
She derives pleasure from it .
If she has no man by her side at her age , he will never appear .
Even if she had a whole selection of men to choose from she would stay single because her soul and heart have hardened .
Like Napoleon , Genghis Khan , Tamerlane , or Alexander the Great of Macedon Ms. Rice needs to fight and release tough public statements in global scale .
She needs to be on top of the world .
” Ms. Rice was always interested in Russia .
Now she needs to prove that she does have a certain amount of knowledge about Russia .
Her goal number one is to observe USA 's interest .
If Russia rises , it means that the USA falls down .
Europe has united , China is growing speedily and Russia possesses immense power in terms of fuel resources .
The US administration cannot do anything about it .
” The USA experiences the crisis of ideological and moral values .
Americans try to talk about positive family values , although the actual state of things is disastrous .
That is why they need to protect themselves with such public personas as Condoleezza Rice who gains pleasure from political commotions .
” The civilized world needs to think about a decision when single politicians are not allowed to stay in power .
This was a common practice in the Soviet political system .
The matter of international relations is very subtle and exquisite .
One single word or phrase may play an extremely important role in politics .
This is not the place , where one can sublimate their personal sexual problems .
” Complex - prone women are especially dangerous .
They are like malicious mothers - in - law , women that evoke hatred and irritation with everyone .
Everybody tries to part with such women as soon as possible .
A mother - in - law is better than a single and childless political persona , though .
” This is really scary .
Ms. Rice 's personal complexes affect the entire field of international politics .
This is an irritating factor for everyone , especially for the East and the Islamic world .
When they look at her , they go mad .
” Condoleezza Rice needs a company of soldiers .
She needs to be taken to barracks where she would be satisfied .
On the other hand , she can hardly be satisfied because of her age .
This is a complex .
She needs to return to her university and teach students there .
She could also deal with psychological analysis .
” The true reason of Ms. Rice 's attack against Russia is very simple .
Condoleezza
Rice is a very cruel , offended woman who lacks men's attention .
Releasing such stupid remarks gives her the feeling of being fulfilled .
This is the only way for her to attract men's attention , ” Vladimir Zhirinovsky said .
Yaroslava Krestovskaya
Discuss this article on Pravda .
Ru English Forum
THE air is slowly leaking from the global housing bubble .
In most of the countries that The Economist tracks each quarter the pace at which house prices are climbing has slowed over the past year .
An overwhelming majority of experts are still predicting a soft landing with no drop in prices .
But property in many countries is so overvalued that even if prices do not fall , they could stagnate for up to a decade .
America 's market has remained hot for longer than most , but even it now seems to be coming off the boil .
The 12 - month rate of house - price inflation slowed to 12 % in the third quarter of 2005 , from 14 % in the second .
Prices of new homes , however , rose by only 1 % in the year to October , down from 16 % in early 2004 .
A glut of new building is forcing developers to cut prices .
The best signal of a further slowdown to come is the increase in the stock of unsold homes .
The number of existing homes on the market was equivalent to 4.9 months ' sales in October , up from 3.8 months ' sales in January .
For a clue on where prices are heading , American homeowners should keep a close eye on Britain and Australia , where housing bubbles started to deflate in 2004 .
In Britain the Nationwide building society 's price index has risen by only 2.4 % over the past 12 months ; in the summer of 2004 it was clocking up annual growth of more than 20 % .
Two other surveys , published by Hometrack and the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors , suggest that prices have in fact fallen over the past year .
This week one British lender said that it would no longer offer buy - to - let mortgages on new properties .
The downturn in the Australian market has now spread beyond Sydney , where prices are already at least 10 % below their peak .
In the third quarter prices also fell in Melbourne , Brisbane , Hobart and Canberra .
Nationally , average prices increased by only 1 % in the year to the third quarter .
In real terms , they fell .
House - price inflation has also eased in France , Spain , Italy and Ireland .
However , Japan 's 14 - year slide in house prices may at last be nearing an end : prices in central Tokyo are now rising , although the national average is still slipping and is now 40 % below its peak in 1991 .
Japan shows what can happen when home prices lose touch with reality .
But exactly how overvalued are property markets elsewhere ?
A recent report on the rich world 's housing markets by the OECD concludes that Australia has the most over - valued housing market , with prices 52 % above their “ correct ” level .
Next in line is Britain , where prices are 33 % overvalued .
To judge the fair value of homes , the OECD uses the ratio of prices to rents , which is a sort of price - earnings ratio for housing .
If prices are too high relative to rents , potential buyers will rent not buy , eventually pushing down real prices .
In Australia this ratio is 70 % above its average level over the period since 1970 .
However , a higher ratio of house prices to rents may be justified by low interest rates , which make it cheaper to buy a home .
The OECD tries to calculate the “ user cost ” of home ownership , which in addition to interest rates takes account of tax relief , property taxes , maintenance costs and expected inflation .
It then compares the actual ratio of prices to rents with a “ fundamental ” ratio based on user cost .
It is by this gauge that the OECD finds Australian property to be 52 % too dear .
It concludes that only Britain , the Netherlands and Ireland also have significantly overvalued housing ( ie , by 15 % or more ) .
Spain is modestly overvalued , but America , France , Sweden and New Zealand look reasonably close to fair value .
Homes in Germany and Japan are undervalued by more than 20 % .
So is The Economist wrong to talk about a global housing bubble ?
One problem with the otherwise excellent OECD study is that its numbers are out of date .
It is based on the average for 2004 , since when several markets have surged .
Using our house - price indicators , we have updated the figures for the third quarter of 2005 .
For instance , American prices are now 15 % higher than the average for last year while rents have risen by 3 % , so the ratio of house prices to rents has risen by 12 % .
Using the OECD 's method , this suggests that housing is now 14 % overvalued .
If we also adjust for the rise in the mortgage rate since 2004 , the American market is almost 20 % overvalued .
The chart above shows our updates for other countries ( outside America interest rates have barely altered , so we have adjusted the figures only for changes in prices ) .
France , Spain , Denmark , Sweden and New Zealand also now look significantly overvalued .
Germany and Japan ( not shown ) are still notably undervalued .
These estimates are highly sensitive to changes in interest rates , especially in euro - area economies , such as Ireland and Spain , where rates are very low ( and where most mortgages are at variable rates ) .
A rise of one percentage point ( including the quarter - point rise announced by the ECB last week ) could make Irish homes overvalued by as much as 50 % .
Commentators in Britain and Ireland like to talk about the housing market “ stabilising ” after years of froth .
But when you are teetering on a high wire , stability is difficult to maintain .
Without a decline in prices , it could take as long as a decade , at current rates of consumer - price inflation , for British property prices to get back to fair value .
A decade of falling real prices is not something to relish .
Christy Hardin Smith at FDL runs down a bunch of the story of the July 10 , 2001 terror briefing Condi somehow failed to remember .
She also touches on the fact that George Tenet gave the same warning to John Ashcroft exactly a week later
It seems to me that we ought to be asking whether that story has anything to do with this one , dated July 26 , 2001 :
Fishing rod in hand , Attorney General John Ashcroft left on a weekend trip to Missouri Thursday afternoon aboard a chartered government jet , reports CBS News Correspondent Jim Stewart .
In response to inquiries from CBS News over why Ashcroft was traveling exclusively by leased jet aircraft instead of commercial airlines , the Justice Department cited what it called a " threat assessment " by the FBI , and said Ashcroft has been advised to travel only by private jet for the remainder of his term .
" There was a threat assessment and there are guidelines .
He is acting under the guidelines , " an FBI spokesman said .
Neither the FBI nor the Justice Department , however , would identify what the threat was , when it was detected or who made it .
Got that ?
July 17 -- Ashcroft briefed .
July 28 -- Ashcroft flies in a charter , leased , according to the article , earlier that week .
Seems to me this could be another blockbuster .
If Ashcroft decided that commercial flights were too dangerous based on the same warning as Rice ( who presumably was n't flying commercial flights either ) ignored , we have ourselves some rather dramatic evidence of callous indifference and willingness on the part of the Bush Administration to put the preservation of their own hides before their duty .
It will be tough for Rice to argue that the briefing was nothing new if it scared Ashcroft away from flying with commercial airlines .
Our annual New England roundup of those who undermined freedom of speech and civil liberties .
But first , a word about George W. Bush .
Nearly five years after the terrorist attacks of 9/11 , our political culture has been warped beyond recognition .
Fear and repression are the two ingredients that fuel the Bush White House , and anyone who dares say otherwise is branded as unpatriotic at best , a traitor at worst .
The Ninth Annual Muzzle Awards , presented every Fourth of July since 1998 , single out enemies of free speech and civil liberties in New England .
There ’s plenty this year to be alarmed about : Massachusetts governor Mitt Romney ’s presidential pandering to anti-Muslim sentiment ; a decision by Fourth of July parade organizers in Maine to ban an anti-war group ; Rhode Island middle - school officials ’ calling in the Secret Service to interrogate a seventh - grader who ’d written an imaginatively violent essay .
But all of this pales when compared with the regime of shadows and secrecy presided over by George W. Bush .
From the National Security Agency ’s no-warrant wiretapping program to CIA prisons in Eastern Europe , from prisoner abuse at Guantánamo to the endless war in Iraq , Bush and Vice - President Dick Cheney have transformed our country into something that would have been unrecognizable before they took office .
Consider just a few under - publicized examples of Bush ’s contempt for freedom of expression and civil liberties :
• Librarians in Windsor , Connecticut , went to court last August rather than turn over their patrons ’ records to the FBI .
But under the onerous terms of the Patriot Act , they were not allowed to protest publicly or even to reveal their identities until this past May , when a judge finally removed the gag .
“ Being allowed to speak now is like being allowed to call the fire department after the building has burned to the ground , ” said George Christian , executive director of the Library Connection of Windsor .
The fight to keep the library ’s records confidential continues .
• The NAACP and All Saints Episcopal Church , of Pasadena , California , two outspoken opponents of the Bush administration and its policies , have been subjected to audits by the Internal Revenue Service .
In Pasadena , the audit came after the Reverend George Regas delivered a sermon titled “ If Jesus Debated Senator Kerry and President Bush . ”
According to reports , Degas said at one point , “ Mr. President , your doctrine of pre-emptive war is a failed doctrine . ”
• At the Justice Department , Attorney General Alberto Gonzales and FBI director Robert Mueller circulated an e-mail saying that one of their “ top priorities ” is to create an anti-pornography squad in order to keep tabs on what Americans are viewing in the privacy of their own homes .
“ I guess this means we ’ve won the war on terror , ” said one anonymous ( and disgusted ) FBI agent .
• On Capitol Hill , the president is pushing two constitutional amendments .
One — shades of his father — would outlaw desecration of the American flag , a protected if rarely used form of protest .
The other would ban same - sex marriage , which , after all , is already illegal in 49 states .
Except for the ill - fated Prohibition amendment , these would be the only changes to the Constitution that took away rights rather than expanded them .
Indeed , the Bush administration ’s repressive actions are so pervasive that they extend to our local Muzzles : the mastermind of a surveillance program targeting anti-war groups in Maine , Rhode Island , and at least four other states is former deputy secretary of defense Paul Wolfowitz .
The Muzzle Awards were inspired by noted civil - liberties lawyer and Phoenix contributor Harvey Silverglate , and are named after similar awards given by the Thomas Jefferson Center for the Protection of Freedom of Expression .
They were compiled by tracking freedom - of - expression stories in New England since last July 4 , and are based on reporting by various news organizations — especially the Boston Globe , the Boston Herald , the Providence Journal , the Portland Press Herald , and the Hartford Courant , as well as other local and national sources — and the Phoenix newspapers in Boston , Providence , and Portland .
The envelopes , please .
ROMNEY : elect him , put those scary Muslims in their place .
Mitt Romney
Governor would wiretap mosques , spy on students
Mitt Romney would like to be president , and it appears that he ’ll say anything if he thinks it will help make that dream come true .
Last September , for instance , the Massachusetts governor traveled to Washington and delivered a speech to the conservative Heritage Foundation .
The ostensible topic : homeland security .
The not - so - hidden subtext : elect him president , and he ’ll put those scary Muslims in their place .
First Romney took on foreign students at Massachusetts colleges and universities .
“ How many individuals are coming to our state and going to those institutions who have come from terrorist - sponsored states ? ” he asked .
“ Do we know where they are ?
Are we tracking them ? ”
Next he went after Muslim houses of worship , continuing , “ How about people who are in settings — mosques , for instance — that may be teaching doctrines of hate and terror ?
Are we monitoring that ?
Are we wiretapping ?
Are we following what ’s going on ? ”
Introduction
APIs are a great way to extend your application , build a community , excite your users and get in on the Mashup Mania spreading across the web .
While there ’s plenty out there wanting in on the action , there ’s a lot of questions about how to actually go about creating an API for a web application .
Like everything else technical on the web these days , there are tons of complicated and scary documents out there ready to intimidate the unprepared .
In an attempt to get everyone on the bus in one piece , we ’ve tried to filter through the hard stuff and give an easy to understand starting point for anyone on a quest to API ’ify their web service .
An API , or Application Programming Interface , is a set of functions that one computer program makes available to other programs ( or developers ) so they can talk to it directly without having to give it access to the source code .
The most popular APIs are from operating systems like Windows XP or Mac OS X .
They allow third - party developers to write programs on top of Microsoft ’s and Apple ’s software .
Thanks to pioneers like Amazon and eBay , the concept of APIs have to come to the web in full force and are being released by more and more web services and applications to turn their one - trick pony into platforms .
The Basics
If we type in a URL to a web site and that URL returns data in a structured format , then a basic API is already in place .
For example , when you access an RSS feed , you ’re essentially using an API .
You type in a structured URL “ asking ” the server for information in RSS format and the server ( usually ) spits out structured data ready for your feed reader to parse .
To take this to the next level , you ’ll also want to allow developers to perform actions against the data .
If you want to allow someone to delete an entry from your web service , you could have them access a semantically structured URL like http://mysite.com/api/delete/ .
You can actually see this in practice by looking at the Backpack API .
If there ’s no need to authenticate your users / developers with an API key , a GET request very well might be your method of choice and we can have the users query everything using just the URL alone .
For example , selecting entry 3 from a public record could be as easy as typing in the URL : http://site.com/api/select/3 .
However , when a lot of parameters need to be set ( which would make the URL extremely long ) , or when security is of greater concern , a POST request is a safer and morecommon approach to asking data from a server .
A POST request will usually require some sort of data to go along with the URL parameters so the server can check to make sure the user / developer has permission to do the type of request they ’re attempting .
This POST data usually contains either a password or a key to authenticate the request .
You can see an example of how this is done programmatically through the Authorize .
net API ( Page 9 of the PDF ) or through a form as seen in the Google Checkout API .
SOAP AND REST
There are two types of heavily used APIs for web services : SOAP and REST .
Google is one of the major players with a SOAP based API while Yahoo ( and most of their recent acquisitions ) have taken the REST approach .
More often than not , a “ Web 2.0 ” service you come across today will probably be using REST .
What do these acronyms really mean ?
Well , there are tons of technical information and debate over the two , but here is rough breakdown as I understand it :
REST API ’s are based on HTTP , URI requests .
The user of the API types in a URI , and sends data to the web service .
Both the data sent , and the data returned are in formats specified by the web service .
Since there are few restrictions and a small learning curve , implementing a REST API can be bit quicker and easier to understand than a SOAP API .
A SOAP API can be thought of in the same way as REST , but its a little more structured and there ’s a common format for requests and responses .
Usually , services offering SOAP API ’s also offer downloads that plugin into various development environments like PHP or Python .
When making a request with a SOAP API , it ’s more akin to a method call .
For example , deleting an entry in a REST based API might be accomplished by going to http://site.com/api/delete/ .
With a SOAP based API , function names are available to you so it feels more like calling api->deleteEntry ( ) .
Those two basic descriptions are about as far as I will go into the topic .
There are many experts advocating the use of each type , and more than enough reading to fill a semester ’s worth of time .
For a crash course , Myspotter offers a good starting point with a collection of links relating to both .
The rest of this tutorial covers building a REST API .
The Basics From a Code Perspective
Let ’s say we have a PHP class ( manage. php ) that helps us manage entries in a database :
class manage { private $ entry Id ; function __construct ( $ entryId ) { $ this -> entry Id = $ entry Id ; } function deleteEntry ( ) { // delete $ this ->entry
Id from database }}
On our own server , we might access this functionality like so :
require_once (' manage.php ' ) ; $ m = new manage ( 23 ) ; $ m->deleteEntry ( ) ;
Easy enough for us , but how do we allow someone not on our server access to the same functionality ?
For that , we ’ll create a third file to act as a buffer ( or “ interface ” ) between other developers and our class .
Here ’s an example of a file we might create to allow developers to access the delete function in our class , we ’ll locate it at ‘ api/delete.php ’
require_once (' manage.php ' ) ; if ( hasPermission ( $ _POST [ ' api_key ' ] ) { $ m = new manage ( $ _POST [' entry_id ' ] ) ; $ m->deleteEntry ( ) ; }
This will allow users to send a POST request to us at http://site.com/api/delete.php with an api_key and an entry_id .
You ’ll notice the function is very similar to what we wrote on our own server except we check the POST api_key variable using a function to see if its authorized to access the database .
We did n’t include that function here ( has Permission ) for simplicity ’s sake .
In addition to what ’s shown , you ’d also have to find the user ’s account based off of the api_key , put in some error checking and ( if you want to make a good API ) provide a properly formatted success or error response after the request .
We ’ll get into the success and error responses in a bit .
Making The Request
When building an API secured by authentication variables sent via POST , we have to understand how the data will be coming to us from the developers so we can anticipate their needs ( and give them excellent examples in the documentation ) .
With PHP , CURL is one way to do this .
Building the request usually involves two steps : 1 ) Setting the values of the request in a key=value &key 2=value2 format , and then 2 ) Sending the request using CURL .
Setting the parameters :
// Set the Query POST parameters $ query_vals = array ( ' api_key ' => ' 1234-5678-9012-3456 ' , ' entry_id ' => ' 3 ' ) ;//
Generate the POST string foreach ( $ query_vals as $ key => $ value ) { $ ret .= $ key.'='.urlencode ( $ value ) .'& ' ; }//
Chop of the trailing ampersand $ ret = rtrim ( $ ret , '& ' ) ;
The example above sets a POST variable for each parameter .
Another common approach is to only have 1 POST variable , and inside that POST variable you place an XML string .
Each node in that XML string would then represent a parameter .
Once the POST is set , the request is then sent .
$ ch = curl_init ( " http://site.com/api/select " ) ; curl_setopt( $ch , CURLOPT_HEADER , 0 ) ; curl_setopt ( $ch , CURLOPT_RETURNTRANSFER , 1 ) ; curl_setopt ( $ch , CURLOPT_POSTFIELDS , $ request ) ; $ response = curl_exec ( $ch ) ; curl_close ( $ ch ) ;
In the examples above , the URL still dictates the action ( select ) , but the POST contains the information needed to execute the action .
Likewise , you could make a generic URL , and force the action to be in the POST .
After all of that is processed , the $ response variable will have structured data in it that was returned by the server .
Formatting The Response
If you ’re not using a predefined format , the next step is to decide how you will format your response .
Here are some things to keep in mind :
If possible , offer both XML and JSON !
Yes , this requires more work on the web service , but it gives your users a lot more flexibility to create amazing apps with your data .
Make it easy and fast to tell if the response is an error or a success .
Also , for each operation ( delete , update , etc ) put the success / failure notification in the same place , even though the rest of the response may be different .
This is so users of your API can create a generic isSuccess ( ) function to run every response through .
The response should be fairly easy to understand even without looking at the documentation .
By creating examples that use our own API , it becomes easier to see what works and what does n’t .
If a common procedure , such as drawing a table with data that comes from an API , is complicated , then it probably means the API response was harder to parse than it should be .
Below is an example REST response from the Flickr API that is both easy to read and easy to check for errors :
< rsp stat= " ok " > < method>flickr.test.echo</method > < format>rest</format > < foo> bar</ foo > < api_key >2fdd7856207a7abb01835139403cdb45</api_key > < /rsp >
JavaScript and Security
If we ’re working with server side code , API keys are fine because we can keep our key fairly protected .
But what if we wanted to create a secure API accessible from JavaScript ?
Since JavaScript is plain text , we ca n’t expect someone to put their API key in there .
So , we can either limit API access by domain , use Flash to aid in cross domain scripting , or just decide not to offer JavaScript access .
For more information about this , Curiosity is Bliss covers the issue in detail .
If security is not an issue , a JavaScript based API will actually work out very nicely .
If we host a JavaScript file , users of our API can include this file on their page , and call functions from that file .
Cross Domain
Ajax is n’t a problem since the file sits on our server .
An example of this is the JavaScript based Yahoo Maps API .
Construction Concerns
Holy Grail
You can always add , but you can never remove .
Read about this pearl of wisdom , and more , in How to Design a Good API and Why it Matters .
From Simple to Complex
Change is always tough , and in the API world it ’s even tougher .
If 3 programmers are working with an internal API , it may be possible to change a function name and make the 3 programmers go through their code to change all references to that name .
If an organization is using an internal API , this would be even harder to coordinate .
Imagine what happens when we open up an API to anyone with an Internet connection .
Forcing all references to our API to be changed will frustrate users , and create a happy helping of bugs .
So , the best way to create an API is to start easy with the basics .
It may be worthwhile to just start with one operation , such as select .
Once a solid request , response , and error system is worked out and tested thoroughly it is then safe to start thinking about adding more parameters and operations .
Documentation
It ’s useful to provide potential users of your API with some sort of documentation describing what actions and parameters are available .
Generally , this is a text document or web page detailing the API in plain writing .
Another way of doing this is with WSDL :
WSDL is a document written in XML .
The document describes a Web service .
It specifies the location of the service and the operations ( or methods ) the service exposes .
W3Schools
The painful experience of writing documentation alone should convince you to begin with simple and easy functionality .
Documenting an API includes full explanation of the parameters , responses , error messages — and all of that with long working examples .
If an API is constructed poorly from the beginning , all of the documentation will need to be reworked to accommodate the changes .
Conclusion
The best way to learn about APIs is to use them .
After you ’ve gone through the process once , the concepts become a lot easier to understand .
Every web service with an API has gone through growth , user feedback and change , so there are plenty of mistakes to learn from .
So get out there try out a handful of your favorite services and feel out what works for you and what does n’t .
It ’s only in empathy that you ’ll find inspiration to create the next great API .
Additional Reading
Hyundai now says recalled vehicles should be parked outside
Looking at daily headlines , you 'd think the radio would be filled with songs of revolution and protest .
President Bush 's approval ratings recently dipped below 30 percent — the third lowest of any president in the past half - century .
Gas prices have more than doubled since he took office .
Plus , the Iraq conflict is more unpopular ( nearly 60 percent of those polled say sending troops was a mistake ) after three years than the Vietnam War was at the same point nearly 40 years ago ( 48 percent ) .
Not to mention the lingering public anger over the government 's bungled response to Hurricane Katrina and concern over the latest wrinkle in the White House 's domestic spying program , a USA Today story that reported that information on domestic calls were being put in a massive database .
When you see footage of demonstrations from the 1960s and early ' 70s ( usually anti-war or pro-civil rights ) on television , it 's almost invariably accompanied by a protest song from the era — by Neil Young , Bob Dylan , Creedence Clearwater Revival , Marvin Gaye , John Lennon or another activist - minded performer .
Such songs were everywhere at the time — so you 'd figure , with social unrest at its highest level since the 1970s , that today 's airwaves and charts would be buzzing with angry songs , right ?
Right ?
Well , Young 's weighed in with a hastily recorded and rush - released anti-Bush screed called Living With War , which came out last week .
And in the underground , hip - hop acts such as Dead Prez , Talib Kweli , the Coup and Perceptionists have made strong statements about Bush and the war , as have punk bands State Radio , Sick of It All , Against Me ! , Dollyrots , NOFX , Kill Radio and Outernational .
Even some notable rap stars , like Juvenile , Papoose and Killer Mike , have addressed Katrina in songs and freestyles .
But other than some recent songs on albums by Pearl Jam , Pink , System of a Down and the Dixie Chicks — and a kindred - spirit effort from Bruce Springsteen featuring protest songs from decades ago — major artists have barely made a peep of protest in song .
What gives ?
Are artists afraid to talk for fear of payback at the cash register and / or radio — i.e. getting " Dixie Chicked " ?
( see " 50 Cent Still Tops ; Dixie Chicks Backlash Hits Home On Albums Chart " )
Do they not have anything to say ?
Do they feel that pop music is simply not an effective forum for fighting the power ?
Or is it just a collective case of battle fatigue — has everyone been so beaten down by the doublespeak and half - truths of the War on terror that protest feels futile ?
We asked artists — from Public Enemy leader Chuck D and Audioslave 's outspoken guitarist Tom Morello to the Dixie Chicks and rabidly political band Anti-Flag — why they think more musicians are n't making noise about the state of the nation .
The Chicks are the obvious people to speak with first , since they suffered a radio ban and serious backlash three years ago after singer Natalie Maines told a London audience , " We 're ashamed that the president of the United States is from Texas . "
The comment set off a whirlwind of controversy that has dogged the country act ever since — and led to the term " getting Dixie Chicked " for when an artist gets a commercial and public smackdown for speaking out .
The Chicks ' new album , Taking the Long Way , takes on their detractors with songs such as the first single , " Not Ready to Make Nice " ( which some stations have refused to play ) , and Maines recently told us her band 's experience has clearly cast a chill on dissent .
" After what happened to us , it gave people that idea : ' We know what happens to you if you do n't like the president .
You lose lots of money in album sales , so I 'm going to speak to the people who do like him , and then I 'll make lots of money , ' " she said , before adding that post - Katrina , it seems to have become a bit more acceptable to speak out .
Tom Morello agreed , pointing to bands like the Coup , the Living Things , Bright Eyes and his side project , the Nightwatchman , as acts that are voicing strong opinions .
" It seems like there 's quite a bit of really uncompromised , great , leftist rock and rap happening now , " he said .
" Bad presidents make for good art and music . "
However , he noted that the hip - hop world 's contribution to the voices of dissent has been an " enormous letdown , " especially in light of past anti-establishment acts like Public Enemy .
" It 's like Public Enemy and N.W.A were warring for the heart of the hip - hop nation , and a gentrified , blingy version of N.W.A won out , " Morello said .
" You listen to [ Public Enemy 's ] ' Fight the Power ' and It Takes a Nation of Millions to Hold Us Back , and you can hear America changing .
Now it 's just the relentless booty shake of hollow bling .
There 's not yet a soundtrack like in the '60s , when the music of the time was the music of revolution . "
From a purely commercial perspective , rapper / poet Saul Williams — whose lyrics are often extremely political — suggested that some artists might be avoiding commenting on the war and Bush because , unless you 're a legend like Neil Young who can get a label to rush - release an album just months after your last one dropped , it can instantly date your music .
" The war could end two days after you do a record on it , " he said .
" But in the face of political strife , there should be more artists speaking up . "
Hip - hop legend and professional agitator Chuck D said the music business is so focused on sales and results these days that it scares young artists away from doing anything controversial .
" Young groups are not paid to take chances , " he said .
" Someone like Neil Young has more references and perspectives from a different time .
Young bands are clouded by weapons of mass distraction .
But I do n't buy that it 's apathy : Bands are still looking to be loved , but there are n't a lot who compare themselves to bands who have prospered by saying something that needed to be said , like Green Day or [ Public Enemy ] or Neil Young .
But why take a chance on making music a certain way if they do n't believe the media will cover it ?
People like Neil Young are from a time when you felt one man can make a change , whereas young people in society today feel invisible . "
Other artists , like Walkmen singer / guitarist Hamilton Leithauser , said they simply do n't expect pop stars to offer political commentary .
" I do n't look to Pearl Jam or R.E.M. for politics , " he said .
" We 're all very politically conscious in our band , and we all grew up in Washington , D.C. , but I do n't really want to hear it .
We used to go to Dischord [ Records , which featured politically motivated bands like Fugazi ] shows when I was younger , and 80 percent of the concert would be somebody up there with , like , a clipboard reading furiously in a blind rage about every f--- ing topic you can possible imagine .
And two and a half hours later , Fugazi [ would ] rant about the sh-- too .
" After awhile you'd be like , ' I did n't come here for this ! '
I mean , if they want to do that , great ; more power to them .
But I 'm not gonna get involved in that .
I think you can do that in a different way . "
Battle fatigue has also definitely had its effect , said Kirk Huffman , guitarist for the punk band Gatsby 's American Dream .
Huffman said he's not out in the streets shouting slogans because he skipped his 10th - grade English class to do that at the World Trade Organization protests in Seattle in 1999 .
" I was exceptionally talented at holding a fist in the air and saying the same phrase monotonously over and over again , but pepper spray hurts like a motherf ----- , " he said .
" My point is , do you have any idea how deep this thing really is ?
Trying to ' turn over the system ' by talking about it and voicing your opinion was an idea that died at Woodstock — and it ain't doin ' so well in the nonprofit - organization sector of things nowadays either . "
In some cases , it 's simply a matter of not knowing what to say , according to Rock and Roll Soldiers singer Marty Larson - Xu .
" I write the songs for our band and I can tell you why I do n't focus on politics , " he said .
" I feel music is a creative avenue that I use to get away from everything and try to express ourselves in a way that gives people an avenue to escape reality . "
Larson - Xu said there are already enough places to get the news besides his band 's albums .
Plus , he thinks a lot of young bands simply do n't know enough about what 's going on in the world to write about it .
" I do n't feel like I 'm knowledgeable enough about politics to write songs for or against anything , " he said .
" There are many people who are so much smarter than me , and I could n't deliver a message like Kill Radio or Anti-Flag . "
The latter is one band that said it has definitely not given up the fight .
The decade - old punk band 's latest salvo , the highly charged For Blood and Empire , is packed with virulently political songs such as " The Project for a New American Century , " the anti-war anthem " I 'd Tell You But ... " and the current single , " The Press Corpse , " which decries the media for toeing the White House line .
" It 's been shocking to me over the last couple of years to see so few bands questioning the White House in any way , " said Anti-Flag singer Justin Sane .
" I 've always been a person who believed there 's room for all music — pop bands that sing about relationships and love , and hip - hop bands who sing about bling and the police .
That said , I have found it frustrating and concerning that no one in the mainstream is taking a hard stance and questioning the policies of this regime .
Why ?
I think a lot of these bands have been following the lead of the news media , who have failed terribly in their job as watchdog of the powerful . "
Sane said he 's witnessed an " either you 're with us or against us " stance that has stymied a lot of dissent and public debate .
" Because in the height of nationalism in the months and years after 9/11 , people are very worried about appearing unpatriotic , " he said .
" There 's been an overt message in the mainstream media that if you criticize the president , you 're criticizing America and you 're unpatriotic — which is ridiculous , because this country was founded on dissent . "
The Multics MACLISP Compiler
The Basic Hackery -- a Tutorial
By Bernard S. Greenberg , December , 1977
Copyright © 1977 , 1988 , 1996 , Bernard S. Greenberg
13 February 1996
Every decade this unpublished but nonetheless popular 1977 paper of mine on the Multics Lisp Compiler ( lcp ) seems to require upgrade to a new text - representation technology .
First written in Multics runoff and printed out in 80 - column format justified by padding with spaces , converted in 1988 to the then - reasonable TJ - Pigsnout ( a SCRIBE ® - like laserwriting text - justifier of my own ) , " The LCP Paper " now reappears in the clothes of the 90's , HTML , but hopefully , this time , it will publish itself via the miracle of the World Wide Web as part of the Multics Web Site and remain unpublished no more .
Although this document is littered with references to obsolete programs , impossible - to - obtain listings and sources , references to people since widely scattered , and the pretentious rantings of the 27 - year old who wrote it , once it gets going , it has something wonderful to explain ( lcp 's value management scheme ) which is as relevant to compiler - writing today as ever -- it is worth slogging through .
I have not altered the document text or content in any way except to convert it to HTML and add the table of contents at the front , and a small fix to a PL / I example in a footnote .
The icon represents a footnote .
Click on occurrences of it in the text to see the footnote .
NB : The acronym MAC in the term MACLISP refers not to the Apple® Macintosh® computer , but to " Project MAC " , which was the name of the MIT Laboratory for Computer Science at the time MACLISP was developed .
This material is presented to ensure timely dissemination of scholarly and technical work .
Copyright and all rights therein are retained by the author .
All persons copying this information are expected to adhere to the terms and constraints invoked by the author 's copyright .
In most cases , these works may not be reposted or republished without the explicit permission of the copyright holder .
Table of Contents
29 February 1988
This paper is a reprint , an upgrade to " modern " computer typography and printing technology , of my unpublished , " bootleg " paper written ten years ago .
In this age of marketed Lisp - based architectures , this paper still presents one of very few accounts of powerful compilation techniques for Lisp on so - called " stock architectures , " and I have received in the interim many requests for it .
The best of the techniques described herein flower a dozenfold in ITS ' NCOMPLR , and are brought to their documented fulfillment ( albeit for BLISS , not Lisp ) in Wulf , Johnsson , et al . 's The Design of an Optimizing Compiler ( Elsevier 1975 ) .
Other than for the addition of the new appendices B and C , this reprint represents only a reprint and upgrading of typography .
I have not attempted to rewrite it in any way , nor altered at all the potpourri of at times gratingly informal , at times erhoben , jargon - laden , and ostentatiously anthropomorphic and overtly sexist language , which is as much a reflection of the circumstances of origin as is the compiler technology described .
The Multics MACLISP Compiler
The Basic Hackery -- a Tutorial
December 1977
Exordium
To those LISPmen who have achieved proficiency in this our chosen language , and who have wondered about the strategies of the MACLISP compilers , I offer this tutorial , wherein I divulge the basic hacks of the Multics Compiler ( lcp ) .
Many of these hacks , including the entire first pass , were derived from the ITS Compiler ( COMPLR , now NCOMPLR ( or NCOMPL ) ) , a much , much , hairier beast of which I have not yet achieved mastery .
By learning that which I offer herein , the ambitious LISPman might not only acquire sufficient knowledge to modify or debug the Multics Compiler , but undertake the serious study of NCOMPLR .
In fact , the state management hacks presented herein are of great interest in comparison to those of other modern compilers , e.g. , Multics PL / I .
He who comprehends this will also glean generally powerful knowledge of compiler - writing techniques in general , and will have interesting and useful knowledge under his belt .
If you are not already familiar with LISP , in some detail , including the traditional implementations and value / object issues , you probably should not be reading this .
Pass 1 of lcp was obscurely derived by Moon from COMPLR.264 , which was a product of White , Rosen , Golden , Diffie , Nelson , and Greenblatt .
Pass 2 of lcp was written by Reed , after study of COMPLR .
Both passes were maintained for years by Daves Moon and Reed .
I myself have added some of the recent optimizations .
I. Great Overview
lcp is a lisp program itself , usually compiled by itself , although it was bootstrapped via the interpreter during its childhood .
The Multics lcp or lisp_compiler commands enter a PL / I program which figures out what directory it is in , and calls lisp ( the lisp interpreter ) with the pathname of the saved environment compiler .
sv.lisp and the arguments to the lcp command .
Thus ,
lcp abfuns - list - long
results in a call as though the command
lisp > am > compiler abfuns - list - long
had been issued .
This tells the interpreter to load up the saved environment , and execute the errlist ( ^g handler ) of the compiler , which then accesses its Multics arguments via ( status arg n ) .
lcp produces a standard Multics object segment ; there is no LAP involved with it 1 .
A PL/ I utility ( lisp_cg_utility_ ) is called at the absolute end of compilation to take a list of binary words , fixnums , representing the object program , and build a standard object segment out of them .
This PL / I program deals only with construction of the object segment , including the building of LISP and Multics linkage .
All code generation issues have already been addressed by the lcp code generator at the time lisp_cg_utility_ is invoked 2 .
Other than the PL / I program , lcp comes in three source files ( and a couple of include files , which we will skip over ) :
lcp_init_(.lisp ) , an obarray hack lcp_semant_(.lisp ) , Pass 1 lcp_cg_(.lisp ) , Pass 2
lcp_init_ is a trivial program used at the time the compiler saved environment is built .
It is loaded by the exec_com which builds the compiler saved environment , and loads the two main files of lcp after saving a copy of the interpreter 's obarray .
This obarray , which is known as the " working " obarray , will be used by lcp to read user source code over , so that the functions and variables of the compiler are inaccessible to user macros and compile - time functions 3 .
Another copy of the obarray ( the " compiler " obarray ) is used to read lcp_cg_ and lcp_semant_ over .
Load - time calls in the two main files to the fexpr global in lcp_init_ request the explicit interning of compiler symbols ( e.g. , special , * lexpr , etc. ) on the working obarray .
The basic flow of lcp is two - pass , function by function .
The command interface ( command - interface in lcp_semant_ ) is invoked by the errlist upon environment startup .
It interprets Multics control arguments , and remains in control , and executes ( quit ) out of lisp at the end of compilation .
The function cf ( in lcp_semant_ ) is called by command - interface to compile a file into an object segment : its single argument is a file name 4 .
It deals with accessing the source file and metering and printing various meters of compilation CPU time and paging .
At the center of this function is a call to cmp1 ( in lcp_semant_ ) which is the implementation of the compiler top - level .
The compiler top - level ( cmp1 in lcp_semant_ ) implements the documented , well - known manifestations of the compiler , specifically :
Expanding / reconsidering top level macro forms .
Mapping eval over the cdr of ( declare .. ) forms .
forms .
Evalling %include at compile time .
at compile time .
Putting " random forms " at top - level in the output list .
Considering ( progn ' compile ) results of top - level macro forms .
results of top - level macro forms .
Putting macro definitions in the output list in ( macros t ) mode .
mode .
Canonicalizing ( defun expr ....) and ( defprop ... ... expr ) ( into the defprop form , as it happens . )
and ( into the defprop form , as it happens . )
Declaring arrays seen as ( array foo ... ) at top level .
Anything that comes through the above as
( defprop FUNNAME ( lambda ... )
PROP )
where PROP is one of expr , fexpr , or lexpr , gets handed to compile ( in lcp_semant_ ) for the two - pass compilation process .
Macro definitions are evaluated in simulation to avoid putting macro properties on system functions at the time the compiler is used interpretively .
In the case that the symbol on which a macro property is supposed to be hung has an explicit or declared ( i.e. , * fexpr , etc. ) functional property , the macro lambda expression is hung off of * macro instead of macro .
It goes without saying that compile - time user code cannot hope to invoke such macros : the user can only compile code using them .
5
The function compile in lcp_semant_ compiles , i.e. , applies the two - pass compilation process to the function definition arrived at at top level .
It is called like this :
( compile ' foobar ' expr '( lambda ( x ) (* x 2 ) ) nil )
The nil is a cheat to bind the global special rnl ( rename list , to be discussed ) to nil at the time compile is invoked .
compile checks for redefinition , declares the function being defined ( i.e. , gives it a * expr property as its second argument is expr ) , invokes " pass1 processing " ( via a call to p1glm , a point about 2 functions into pass - 1 lambda - expression processing ) on the lambda expression , and if no errors occurred , invokes pass 2 ( pass2 , in lcp_cg_ ) upon the result produced by pass 1 .
II . Basic Passes and Recursions
It is quite simple to develop a lisp compiler that makes one pass over its source code , i.e. , sees the sequence of forms in a function only once through 6 .
However , certain optimizations and code - producing techniques in both MACLISP compilers require a prepass over the source code for each function before correct and efficient object code can be generated for each function .
Knowledge about certain forms which could have only been gleaned from preanalyzing that form entirely is necessary for these techniques to operate .
This knowledge is :
For all PROG tags : are there backward - branches to this tag ?
If so , the code generator must invalidate its assumptions about the content of dynamic registers and stack locations as compilation of that PROG proceeds past this tag .
For each local variable : what is the last form in which it is used ?
This knowledge allows storage for lambda variables ( at the function and internal levels ) to be reused when this form has been passed .
For each conditionally - branching form ( COND , AND , OR , PROG ) : what variables are setqed , or potentially setqed ( via calls to arbitrary functions ) in this form ?
Fairly obscure , the need for this will be motivated in our description of branching .
Since two passes are necessary anyway , certain responsibilities have been given to pass 1 in order to simplify pass 2 .
These responsibilities are :
Almost all error checking .
Checking the number of arguments to known system functions , and functions already compiled .
Checking the type of arguments where appropriate .
Checking fexprish forms for legal format and content .
Substituting good forms in the output for bad ones .
Canonicalization .
All constants which appear in expr and lexpr forms unquoted ( e.g. , 2 in (+ a 2 ) ) are quoted .
Stylistically , people have tended not to quote t , nil , and numeric constants .
This quoting makes it trivial for pass 2 to tell if an argument of a form is a constant : if so , its car is quote .
Local and implicit declaration .
Local declarations appearing in PROGs are processed .
References to variables not in any regnant lambda list are implicitly declared special .
Semantication and machine - independent optimization .
The contract 7 of a lisp compiler is to produce a machine - language program which , when executed , will have the same effect on the lisp environment , and return the same value , as having applied eval to the forms it was given to compile .
This involves a great deal of knowledge of eval on the compiler 's part .
The only viable technique for fulfilling this contract , especially given that the compiler is a lisp program , is to consider source functions recursively , as eval does , considering arguments and sub - forms in the exact same order that eval would , for the order of evaluation of sub - forms is specified by the language as being from first to last 8 .
Thus , both passes center around a " simulated - evaluator " function , which considers the source function recursively .
The two functions , one for each pass , are
p1 for pass 1 , which given a form , performs all pass 1 checking and transformation on it , producing as a VALUE : the pass - 1 transmogrified ( canonicalized and semanticated ) form .
and as an EFFECT : changes upon pass 1's global data about this function .
comp for pass 2 , which given a form performs all pass 2 code generation functions on it producing as a VALUE : a " value tag , " a name for the result of this form used by pass 2 state management .
and as an EFFECT : Additions to the list of machine - code instructions which is the object code for this program , and changes to pass 2's model of the runtime machine state .
Both p1 and comp perform trivial manipulations when the form on which they are invoked is a variable or a constant .
For other forms , i.e. , function calls , they dispatch their work to more specialized routines which know how to p1 or comp calls to specific subrs , fsubrs , or lsubrs , or lambda expressions , etc .
In both cases , these more specific routines , perhaps through other intermediate routines , almost 9 always wind up calling p1 or comp respectively on the elements of the cdr ( i.e. , the argument forms ) of the form they were handed , and doing something with the result .
These recursive calls must be performed on the argument forms in the language - defined order : first to last for subrs / exprs , functional lambda expressions after their arguments , and as fits each fsubr .
These two functions are the heart of their respective passes .
Both basic recursions are cognizant of compiling for value versus compiling for effect .
Compiling for value is the normal default : a form is being compiled for value when it is known that its value will not be thrown away at runtime .
A form is being compiled for effect when it is known that its value will not be used in any case at runtime .
For example , all clauses of a progn except the last are compiled for effect .
Similarly all forms at the top level of a prog , and all forms except the second of a prog2 .
In the case of Pass 2 , this is very important , for even though all Lisp forms are defined as returning a result , the lisp code generator ( pass 2 ) need not worry about preserving the result of a form ( e.g. , a setq ) that is being compiled for effect .
Pass 2 does not save , nor ever call for the results of computations that are compiled for effect .
Constants and variables compiled for effect may be simply ignored by the compiler .
Both passes maintain a variable , effs , normally bound nil , but t when a recursion for effect is in progress .
Both basic recursions normally bind it nil ; compe is used instead of comp when it must be bound t , and returns no meaningful result .
p1e is used instead of p1v in pass 1 .
The functions p1 and comp0 are interfaces which preserve the current value of effs : in the compilation of progn , for instance , the last form is for value if the progn is being compiled for value , but for effect if the progn is being compiled for effect .
Pass 1 rarely worries about value or effects , i.e. , uses the value of the flag effs , but in pass 2 it is quite important .
Pass 2 also has a notion of compiling " for predicate , " which will be described at the appropriate time .
III .
Pass 1
The basic idea of pass 1 is to take the source - code function , and produce a " transmogrified version , " upon which all pass 1 optimizations , semantications , and other transformations have been performed .
The output of pass 1 is not a strange internal list structure : it is still lisp code , modulo two orthree new arguments at the head of COND , AND , OR , and PROG forms .
A form handed 10 to pass 1 as
( cons ( cdr x ) ( + a ' 3 ) )
will come out unchanged ( although reconsed , i.e. , not EQ to the original form , p1 having been called on each sub- form ) .
A service performed by pass 1 for pass 2 is to rename all lambda variables that have the same name as currently regnant lambda variables .
A list called rnl is bound to its previous value each time a lambda expression is p1'ed , and an " assq pair " ( e.g. , ( old . new ) ) is pushed onto rnl each time a lambda list of a lambda expression contains a variable already in a regnant lambda list .
The " old " is the symbol in the source code : the " new " is a gensym created by p1rename in lcp_semant_ .
The gensym is given a rename property of the old symbol so that error diagnostic printers , upon seeing this , will print the " old " symbol .
Thus , p1's result for a variable will be ( cdr ( assq var rnl ) ) if ( assq var rnl ) is non-nil at all .
This rename hack is a feature of the lexical scoping of compiled lisp local variables :
( defun foo ( x ) ( ( lambda ( x ) ( bar x 3 ) ) ) ( mung x 5 ) ) )
the outer x has nothing at all to do with the inner x : the outer x cannot even be referred to inside the lambda expression .
It is a different variable .
By removing name conflicts in this way , pass 2 can use eq test for two variables being the same , and put properties on the symbols which represent variables for whatever purposes it needs .
Pass 1 also performs macro reduction / expansion .
By expansion , we mean that p1 , upon being given a form whose car is a symbol with a macro or * macro property , applies that property to the input form , as is specified in the MACLISP semantics of macros , and reconsidering the result ( iteratively ) as though that were the original input .
By reduction , we mean beating on the form in this way until its car is no longer a macro .
Thus , inductively , we may prove that the input to pass 2 contains no macro forms whatsoever .
Macro expansion is delegated by p1 to macro- expand in lcp_semant_ , which errsets this fearsome task , to protect lcp against random user macro lossages , and diagnose the latter if they occur .
Several very critical mechanisms in pass 1 depend upon lists that have their current head designated by a special variable that is bound ( not setqed ) to its current value at the start of some processing , and rebound to that value at the end of that processing , thus popping all that was pushed on to the list since its head was saved .
The best example of this is rnl , the rename - list , which has rename - pairs pushed onto it by the lambda - list processor ( p1lmbify ) , after its value has been saved by compile or p1lam ( the p1er of lambda applications ) , to be popped by which either of the latter pushed it .
Thus , during the p1'ing of any given lambda expression , rnl appears as a list of rename pairs of all regnant lambda variables .
The list bvars is similarly managed to always be a list of all regnant lambda variables , after renaming , managed by those same functions .
We will call such a list a " stack - bound list . "
Pass 1 inserts as the first two elements of AND , OR , COND and PROG forms two quantities known as the setq - list and call - out flag , respectively .
The setq - list is a list of all local variables setqed anywhere within that AND , OR , COND , or PROG .
Since local variables can only be named , in compiled lisp , in their own function , no code outside of this function can setq any of these variables .
The call - out flag is set t if any external function which the compiler knows can setq special variables , or any random user function , is called , within that AND , OR , COND , or PROG .
If this flag is on , in effect , all of the special variables in the world may be considered to be on the setq - list for this form , because one of these external functions might , for all we know , setq that variable .
Pass 2 must know what variables are setqed in a form which has more than one path through it before compiling that form ( PROG qualifies because GO and RETURN can get you out of it without executing all of it ) .
This will be motivated in the discussion on branching .
Suffice it to say that each conditional form ( we will use this to mean COND , AND , OR , or PROG ) which contains internal conditional forms has the setq - list of the internal form as a subset of its own setq - list , and has a call - out flag of t if any internal conditional form has a call - out flag of t , for what is setqed in some form is by virtue of containment setqed in the form that contains it .
Three lists of setqed variables are maintained , one by the regnant COND , AND , or OR ( p1csq ) , one by the regnant PROG ( p1psq ) , and one by the regnant lambda expression ( p1lsq ) , with the flags condp , progp , and lmbp saying if there are any of the above at all .
Each time the setq of a non-special variable is p1'ed , p1sqv is called to add that variable to whichever of the above lists are valid ( conceivably they all might be ) .
A utility function ( add ) is used to add a symbol to a list if and only if it is not already on it .
When the completion of the p1'ing of the conditional form or lambda expression is complete , the contents of the appropriate setq - list is made the setq - list of the output form , and that list merged into all regnant lists after the previous binding of the particular list - head is restored 11 .
This is done by p1setqex , the " setq expander . "
The reason that multiple kinds of lists are maintained , even though the function is seemingly identical , is so that setq 's of lambda variables may be deleted out of the setq - list ( or PROG variables out of PROG 's setq list ) before it is either made the setq - list of the form , or merged to the higher regnant setq lists .
Note that lambda expressions are NOT conditional forms , but must participate in this hack as though they were , in order to delete their lambda variables out of their setq - list before propagating it .
The call - out flag is handled similarly : it is bound to nil at the start of the p1'ing of each conditional form or lambda expression , and setqed t if a setq of a special variable or call to a random function is ever p1 'ed .
p1setqex propagates it downward at the time that setq - lists are merged ( his argument is a list of setq - list and call - out flag ) .
The name of the call - out flag is p1 cof .
Pass 1 also renames prog-tags for the same reasons as it renames variables , and puts in a prog , as the fourth element , the rename list .
As a prog is processed , renamed tags are given a defined property .
p1 fsubr , upon hitting a go to a constant tag , checks ( after renaming ) for defined property : if there is one , this tag is the target of a " backward jump , " a fact which pass 2 must know at the time it encounters the tag , and it is given a back - reference property .
If an expression is gone to , all tags must get the back - reference property .
Pass 1 maintains a variable , cnt , during the p1'ing of each function .
It is zeroed at the start of p1'ing of a function .
It is incremented by one each time a variable is p1'ed .
It is incremented by two every time a setq of a variable is p1'ed , and by one at several other random points .
Pass 2 maintains an identical variable , also called cnt , which is of utmost importance to the operation of pass 2 , and increments it at exactly the same points of comp'ing as in p1'ing .
If the cnt produced by pass 1 is not equal to the cnt produced by pass 2 at the end of the function , the compiler is in error .
This counter is used to mark the passage of time in simulated evaluation in pass 2 : this will become clearer in our discussion of pass 2 .
However , the fact that pass 1 maintains it identically allows pass 1 to give to pass 2 critical hints about the usage of variables .
Specifically , a list of all local variables ever defined during a function ( either function or internal lambdas , after renaming , of course ) , called locvars is made by pass 1 for pass 2 .
Each element of this list is a cons of the variable and a fixnum .
This fixnum is rplaced to the current value of cnt every time that variable is p1'ed or a setq of that variable is p1'ed ( p1 and p1sqv do these things ) .
Thus , when p1'ing of the function is complete , pass 2 knows , by asking ( cdr ( assq var locvars ) ) the latest time at which this variable is ever used , thus allowing its storage to be reused for other things .
More on this later .
Let us also mention in this context that the obscurely - named function p1 bug is used every time a conditional form is finished being p1 'ed or a label is hit , and it ( being passed the value of cnt at which the difficult form was first starting to be p1 'ed ) sets the last - use - cnt of all variables in locvars at that time to " now " ( the current cnt ) if it appears that they have been used ( p1 'ed ) since then ( cdr of locvars element is greater than saved cnt ) .
This is to say that such storage may not be reused , because the object code might branch back to a place where that variable was expected to be there , but the storage was reused !
More on this later too .
Pass 1 semanticates : this is to say , constructs whose semantics may be expressed , at the source - language level , in terms of simpler constructs are so expressed .
For example , do is given a * macro property ( as though the source programmer had defined a macro called do ! ) of an internal compiler function , doexpander in lcp_semant_ .
Like any macro , this function is " out of the domain of the compiler : " it gets its entire source form as its single argument , and produces valid lisp code as its value .
In the case of do , a bunch of setqs , conds , etc. , in a prog are created by doexpander to represent the do - loop 12 .
The bulk of pass 1 consists of semantication , i.e. , rendering complex lisp constructs into simpler ones which express their meanings .
As p1 encounters calls to subrs , lsubrs , or fsubrs , respectively , it hands the form down to p1subr , p1lsubr , and p1fsubr , respectively ( all in lcp_semant_ ) to perform semantication and checking on specific functions .
Many of these semantications are random 13 and gratuitous in nature , and optimizations of constructs that no sane programmer or macro would ever produce .
For example ,
( set ( quote a ) b )
becomes
( setq a b )
or
( eval ( cons ' random - fsubr ..... ) )
becomes
( random - fsubr .... )
or ( list ) becomes ' nil .
More useful semantications include transforming the map functions ( map , mapc , mapcan , etc. ) into dos , themselves but a macro .
One profound effect of this is to transform the functional argument of the mapping function into inline code .
This has the effect of achieving the desired lexical scoping of variables in the map - function 's functional argument .
p1lsubr calls p1 map to produce this do , and calls p1 on the result before handing it back to p1 as an answer .
This has the effect of the map - functions acting like macros , i.e. , their answer is Lisp , not p1 output , in pass 1 .
The actual function returned is not do , but a magic uninterned symbol named map - do , which also has a * macro property of the same doexpander function in pass 1 .
A peculiar feature resulting from the transformation of map - functions into dos , with their resulting PROGs , is that GOs and RETURNs inside map - functions inside source do / prog constructs would refer to the compiler - generated do / prog instead of the source programmer 's unless special action were taken !
For instance ,
( prog ( y ) ( return ( mapc '( lambda ( x ) ( and ( car x ) ( return ( cdr x ) ) ) ) y ) 3 ) ) )
which is supposed to return ( cdr x ) when an x with non-nil car is found , will always return 3 .
This must not be allowed to happen -- thus , pass 1 keeps track of whether any PROG it is compiling was produced by a map function or not --- this is encoded in a flag , mapf , t for p1ing the internal function of a map - function ( bound this way by p1 , not setqed ) , nil otherwise , and a counter , p1 mapcnt , rebound at each p1ing of a PROG , to 1 + its old value if this is a " phony " PROG ( e.g. , compiler - generated for map function ) or to 0 at each " legitimate " PROG .
This allows the p1er of gos and returns ( p1sqg in lcp_semant_ ) to put as the caddr of gos and returns the value p1 mapcnt , which is how many PROGs ( legitimate or otherwise ) we are being asked to return out of .
Pass 2 will need to know this --- note that this is not an optimization , but a consequence of generating progs non-transparently .
The progs and functions generated by p1map are magic uninterned atoms named map - prog and map - funarg , with * macro properties of t .
This causes p1 to catch them , and bind mapf and p1 mapcnt appropriately before calling the p1ers of progs expressions , respectively .
Functional expressions appearing in calls to functions with known functional arguments , e.g. , the second argument to the sort functions , are compiled by recursive call to compile from p1gfy in lcp_semant_ .
p1 fcnarg is called on all forms which are expected to be functions : if not quoted , they are p1 'ed as any other form , otherwise , the result is either the symbol ( of gensym - name , generated by gen - fcn - name , called by p1gfy ) representing the function compiled ( both passes ! ) on the spot , when p1gfy called compile recursively .
Note that if a symbol ( e.g. , alphalessp ) appears instead of a lambda expression behind the quote , that symbol gets returned .
Note also that p1fsubr , upon being handed a ( function ... ) form that p1 got , converts it to ( quote ... ) and hands it to p1 fcnarg .
Note that for things where functions are expected ( e.g. , sort calls ) opposed to hit ( e.g. , ( setq x ( function ( lambda .... ) ) ) ) p1 will never encounter the lambda expression , but it will be given to compile to compile as a separate function .
Other lesser pass 1 semantications :
All BOOLE's of known constant first argument are converted into compoundings of logical AND , OR , and XOR and NOT , because these are the only ones that pass 2 can generate .
p1 boole does this .
Specific ( e.g. , + , +$ ) arithmetic functions are substituted for generic ( e.g. , plus ) arithmetic functions where all argument typings let this be done : p1 and p1arithsubst do this .
Similarly , generic arithmetic expressions all of whose numeric types are known are converted ( by convert - mixed - to - float ) to floating computations by wrapping ( float ... ) around the known fixnums .
The sassoc and sassq functions are changed by p1subr into COND 's and APPLY 's with assoc and assq .
NOT gets changed by p1subr into NULL .
Winning cases of DELETE , ASSOC , and MEMBER become DELQ , ASSQ , and MEMQ where possible ( in p1subr ) .
MEMQ's and ASSQ's of sufficiently small constant second arguments get expanded by p1subr into nested COND 's of EQ's .
Reducible arithmetic expressions get their constants collected and evaluated at compile time by p1ctev ( compile - time eval , in lcp_semant_ ) .
p1ctevq returns the same quoted , which is generally useful , given p1 's output contract .
p1ctev errsets possibly - losing user computations : Source - code * reducible 's are also reduced by him .
Multiple - form lambda expressions and multiple - form COND consequents are converted into PROGN's to reduce the amount of checking and processing in pass 2 .
IV .
Multics Lisp Execution Environment
Herein
I state all the things you have to know about the execution environment of Multics Lisp to understand the code generation aspects of the Pass 2 discussion .
They are not many .
Multics Lisp objects live in Multics segments .
Multics Lisp values are doubleword ITS 14 pointers to the objects , with type bits stored in unused bits of the pointer format .
Cons values have zero type bits , because the pointer registers of the machine can hold an address : a store pointer instruction stores the pointer with the type bits zero .
Fixnums and flonums are entirely encoded within the doubleword value format , the first word containing , in addition to the type bits stating that this is a fixnum or a flonum , a quantity which causes a hardware error if an attempt is made to indirect through it .
Symbols have their bound values stored in a " shallow binding cell " at the first word of the symbol .
Thus , and indirect load through a LISP value corresponding to a symbol loads its binding .
Conses are stored car - cdr : the first doubleword of the cons , loadable indirect through a value corresponding to the cons , is the value which is its car .
There exists an A register and a Q register , in both of which arithmetic can be done , although only the A can be negated .
The A and Q can also be considered as a double - length AQ register , which can hold a doubleword .
Instructions exist to load and store the AQ from and to doublewords in storage .
The AQ is basically the only register in Multics LISP which can hold a lisp value , although the pointer registers can hold the lisp value corresponding to a cons , because the type bits would be stored as zero , which is correct for a cons .
There are eight pointer registers , each of which can hold a Multics address .
Two are reserved for the system ( Multics , # 6 and # 7 ) .
One ( # 0 , " AP " ) is reserved by the lisp runtime environment to maintain a stack of lisp values , the " marked PDL " 15 , AP pointing to the next available location .
All saving of values of lisp variables is done on the marked PDL .
Pointer register # 1 ( " AB " ) is reserved by the lisp runtime to point to a transfer vector of " lisp operators , " assembler - coded routines to perform quick and basic functions ( e.g. , function return , function call , cons allocation , variable binding ( for specials ) ) in the runtime environment .
These routines must always be addressable by compiled code .
Pointer register # 2 ( " BP " ) may be used at the discretion of the compiler , as may pointer register # 3 ( " BB " ) .
BB , however , is also used by the cons-allocation operator to return its result , and this is known and used to great advantage 16 so that BB might be stored with a hardware pointer - store to move the lisp value it contains around .
Pointer register # 4 ( " LP " ) , during the running of compiled functions , is loaded by the function call operator 17 with the address of the lisp linkage section of the object program .
This is a block into which the function ( load ) which loads lisp object programs into the lisp environment places lisp values corresponding to all of the constants and special variables referenced by the source code .
The compiler provides , in the object segment , information about what lisp value it has built the object program to assume will be stored in each slot of the lisp linkage section 18 .
Pointer register # 5 ( " LB " ) can be used freely by the compiled code , but rarely is .
The contents of the pointer registers and the AQ are not subject to garbage collector scrutiny .
At the time the garbage collector is invoked by the cons allocator , no active registers contain lisp values , all having been saved on the marked PDL .
Functions are called by placing the arguments to the function ( i.e. , the lisp values representing them ) on the marked PDL : the first argument at the lowest address , the next 2 locations beyond , etc. AP will point to the location beyond the last argument ( first available PDL location ) .
A tspbp ( transfer , leaving return address in BP ) instruction is used to transfer to the function being called , transferring indirectly through the lisp linkage section .
This will initially cause a transfer to an operator which finds the machine code for the function being called ( if compiled or builtin ) , " snapping " the link 19 by placing the runtime code address of the function 20 in that link , and transferring there .
Thus , future calls branch to the function directly 21 It is the responsibility of a called function to pop all of its arguments off of the marked PDL before returning ; compiled code will assume that this has been done , and will do it .
Functions return their result in the AQ , as a fully typed lisp value .
The garbage collector does not protect the marked PDL above AP .
There exists an " unmarked PDL , " usable for storing values other than lisp values .
It is addressed by the pair of AB and index ( not pointer ) register 7 22 .
V. Pass 2
Pass 2 is that part of lcp which actually compiles LISP : what it is given by Pass 1 is a subset of LISP with a few quantities added here and there which are necessary to be able to compile LISP in this way .
The goal of compilation is twofold : the first goal is to remove all of the overhead of the evaluator which is spent in figuring out what to do next and in what order to do it by figuring it out once and for all for every execution of this program .
The second goal is to recognize calls to functions which can be compiled inline , i.e. , code can be generated to carry out the semantics of these functions in a very small number of machine instructions .
Good examples of such functions are + , rplaca , setq , cddar , and cadadr .
When a function call can be compiled as inline code , all of the overhead associated with setting up its arguments on the marked PDL and performing the actual transfer can be eliminated .
Now for functions like sortcar , although a persistent questioner might pose that inline code could be generated for this function , the relative overhead of argument list preparation is negligible compared to the actual work done by this function .
Thus , a Multics LISP function call is generated for calls to such functions , as is for calls to arbitrary non-system functions .
A secondary goal of compilation is to create and manage the beings known as compiled local variables , the lexically - scoped value holders so akin to variables in " normal " programming languages .
Basically , " slots " ( fixed locations during function execution ) on the marked PDL are allocated to such variables .
This slot is known as the " home " of the variable .
This is a definition of a home ; this must be kept in mind during the confusion which is to follow .
When this variable is setqed , its value is stored into this " home . "
Another goal is to implement the semantics of fexprs : CONDs , PROGs , ANDs / ORs etc. appearing in the source code may be viewed as compiler directives to construct control - flow code ; to generate conditional branches , executing code conditionally .
SETQs map into the notion of assignment in compiled languages : a SETQ appearing in the source code is a directive to the compiler to construct code which stores a value in a local variable or in the value cell of a special variable .
Each fexpr is like this : a special case for the compiler .
Compiling LISP source code also means identifying the constants : Quoted lists and atoms tell the evaluator to return what is behind the quote : the compiler calls this whole construct a " constant , " and can compile code to use this constant value at the corresponding point of the compiled program .
It has been posed that it is not even clear what it means to compile an interpreted language like LISP : let us reiterate therefore what it means .
To compile a LISP program is to produce an object program , which , when executed by the processor , will produce the lisp value which corresponds to the object that the interpretation of the source program is supposed to produce , and produce the same effect upon the lisp environment .
With this in hand , let us develop inductively what it is that the compiler does .
The process of evaluation of a form has a direct analog in the notion of execution of code which produces the value of that form :
As evaluation of a non-atomic form involves evaluation of the argument sub - forms , in argument order , execution of code producing the value of a non-atomic form involves execution of code producing the values of the argument sub - forms , in argument order .
Since machine 23 code executes in linear order , the compiler must produce code to develop the value of that form , by , at least in part , recursively considering the code to get code for all argument sub - forms at every level generated first .
This is so for the same reason that eval must evaluate lowest - level sub - forms first : it needs the argument values before it can apply the function .
Thus , producing code to be the object code of a function consists of compiling code to develop the value of the lambda - body of the function 24 in the AQ , and pop the function arguments off the marked PDL .
If the simplest approach to building a LISP compiler were to be taken , compiling a form consisting of a variable alone would consist of compiling code to load its value into the AQ .
Compiling a form for a function call would consist of :
Reserving some PDL slots for the function arguments , compiling code to bump the PDL pointer if necessary For each argument , Compiling code recursively to develop its value ( into the AQ ) , and Compiling code to store that in the appropriate PDL slot .
Compiling a transfer - and - set - bp to the function .
This is not actually a half - bad approach .
Several less hirsute lisp compilers do precisely this , with the help of stack - oriented hardware 25 in some cases .
There are several cases , however , where this is less than optimal .
One such case is where function code is to be compiled inline , as opposed to via a function call with arguments on the marked 26 PDL .
Doing a little injustice to the Multics instruction set , our proposed " simpleton " compiler might generate for (+ a b )
up - pdl 2 slots load - aq a store - aq pdl - slot - 1 load - aq b store - aq pdl- slot - 2 tspbp +_function
If + were a non-inline - compileable function , this is about as good as we could expect to do .
Or if we were dealing in hardware that did " load and push on pdl " in one operation , and had operators in the hardware that dealt with the top n values on the PDL 27 this would again be as good as we could do .
Thus , the lisp machine compiler is pretty simple .
The next approximation would be to change the function - call compiling algorithm to compile code to perform the function instead of to call it if it knew how .
Given the typical single - address arithmetic instructions available on Multics and the PDP10 , we would then have
up - pdl 2 slots load - aq a store - aq pdl - slot - 1 load - aq b store - aq pdl - slot - 2 load - aq pdl - slot - 1 add pdl - slot - 2 + 1 ; number in second word .
This is insane .
What we clearly want to do is get rid of all of the PDLing around and argument preparation .
What we want to get is clearly
load - aq a add b + 1
and that 's it .
Another case where the simple minded approach loses is in LISPs 28 where the argument passing convention is to pass arguments in registers instead of on a PDL .
If we change " place it in the appropriate PDL slot " in our simple algorithm to " place it in the right argument register , " the algorithm does not even work , because later argument calculations are almost guaranteed to destroy the value of that register .
Even if they attempted to save it , a tremendous amount of useless data movement would result .
This is a much more serious problem than the previous .
The creators of NCOMPLR developed a technique to solve this problem which turns out adequate to solve the other problem , too .
It is this " value management technique " which is the major arcanum of both lcp and NCOMPLR .
The technique of covering the source - code recursively in a manner identical to the evaluator is mandated by the definition of the evaluator that the object code is to simulate .
The basic recursive flow of the simple - minded algorithm cannot be abandoned : where it is Losing , it must be fixed .
The central function of pass 2 , comp , previously mentioned in relation to p1 , is that function which considers the source code 29 recursively .
When a call to a function is to be comp'ed , the outputting of object code for that function will almost 30 always result in code terminating with a call or performing of that function .
Some study will show that almost all object code inefficiencies of the simple - minded approach result from the loading and copying of values into PDL slots ( and other places ) when the object code for an in line function could have equally well used them in their homes .
Now of course , if we have a call to an external function , we can still use the simple - minded algorithm , at least at this level of call , because we determined we had to do that anyway , and we could n't do any better .
But we can now say , " If we are compiling code for an inline function , only allocate PDL temporaries for argument values whose arguments were n't variables .
When time comes to use the values for the machine operations , we will find them somehow , and get variables out of their homes . "
At first inspection , this may not seem like a bad approach .
In fact , many languages do just this .
But this is no good at all for LISP .
Consider the form
(+ a ( setq a b ) a )
Our not - so - simple - minded approach now generates
up - pdl 1 slot load - aq b store - aq a ; inline code ; for setq store - aq pdl - slot - 1 load - aq a add pdl - slot - 1 + 1 add a
This is out - and - out wrong .
The " add a " line adds a correctly but the " load - aq a " line is out and out wrong !
The value of a which the + form wants is that before the setq of a changed the value of a .
Thus , in order for this to work properly either
Before we attempted to avoid loading and storing a , we checked through all of the arguments of the form , recursively , to see what variables were setqed , to see if we needed to do this and did it if so .
For this to work , either we spend a gigantic amount of time rescanning forms for possible side effects 31 , or have pass 1 build a " setq list " into every form 32 .
In either case , we would have to know how to " locate the variable value , " i.e. , find out where a " good value " of a for each reference to a was at the time we generated code for the application of the inline function .
We could have the part of the compiler which comp'ed setq 's recognize that someone was depending on the value of a before he generated code to setq it , and have him generate code to save the current value of a somewhere .
In order for this to work , we need A globally addressable list of variables which people have comp'ed but not actually used , that we will look through if we intend to setq some variable .
A way of finding out that this happened when we need the variable value after all the arguments have been comp'ed .
A way of finding out exactly where it was that this clever hack put the damned thing 33 .
lcp and NCOMPLR implement the second approach .
The " globally addressable list " of comped - but - unused results is called the loadlist : it is the binding of the variable of the same name .
To make this methodology consistent , rather than just being a " save the values of variables hack , " the function ( iloc , in lcp_cg_ 34 , one of the most critical actors in the whole compiler ) which locates values , i.e. , finds out " exactly where the thing is , " and returns answers like
BB AQ ( temp 6 ) ; i.e. , PDL slot at 6 , # 3 ( special x ) ; i.e. , special var named " x " ( quote 5 ) ; i.e. , the fixnum constant 5
can find any value which we somehow guaranteed had code compiled to produce it , not just variables .
Well , what is it exactly that we give this thing to identify exactly what it is whose value we want to find , and how do we guarantee to it that indeed we comp'ed it ?
Well , these questions answer each other , and dig this closely .
Calling comp , like any lisp function , returns a value to the function , which called it .
What comp returns is a type of lisp laundry ticket called a value tag .
It is this value - tag that we hand to iloc .
These characters maintain a model of the runtime PDL and registers called the slotlist in which they keep value - tags representing what is currently assumed to be in each PDL slot or register .
When we hand iloc a value tag , it searches the slotlist ( and the variables AQ and BB , we will use the term " extended slotlist " ) to locate the register or PDL slot where the compiled code " stored " 35 or " left " that result .
Note how elegantly the notion of " result " maps into " value - tag returned by comp . "
The latter is the compile - time implementation of the former .
comp always 36 conses the value - tag he is about to return onto the loadlist 37 so that people will look there before attempting to destroy its loadability .
When we comp any kind of function call , in - line or external 38 , comp , or he whom he calls , returns a " gensym " result for a value tag , i.e. , the ncons of a new gensym .
The fact that the cdr of this value - tag is nil identifies it as such .
When we comp a variable , we return as a value tag a cons of the symbol representing that variable with the current value of cnt , the simulated - evaluation time counter incremented every time a variable is comped or a setq is comped , and other times .
Thus , the result of handing s to comp might return ( s.264 ) and set cnt to 265 .
This is the implementation of " x now " or " x then " or " x before that happened . "
Thus , the loadlist does not contain requests for the value of x as " x needed by somebody , " but " x at time 264 needed by somebody . "
These " x needed by somebody " 's are called " unrealized demands on x , " or " unrealized loads " or " outstanding demands , " etc. , on x .
Managing outstanding loads is the better part of what lcp does for a living .
Thus , the the general algorithm for comping an inline function is FIRST to get the comp results of all of the arguments , and THEN call iloc on these value - tags to find out where the results " are " 39 and generate hand - tailored machine code to operate upon these quantities optimally from these locations 40 .
Finally , construct a " gensym " value tag , and before returning it , place it in the correct slot in the slotlist ( or in BB or AQ ) so that iloc can later find our result .
comp ( who called this specific routine ) will cons this gensym result on to the loadlist .
Wait .
Stop .
What is the meaning of this ?
Why is comp putting gensym ( function ) results on the loadlist ?
We understand that we put unrealized variable loads on the loadlist so that the setq - comper ( compsetq ) can notice them before it setq 's a variable and 41 causes its value to be saved .
But no - one is in danger of setqing a function result .
Why that 's as silly as ( setq ( cos x ) 22 ) !
Or is it ?
Where does that function result live ?
In whatever register the compiler claimed it left it when it compiled the call .
What is to prevent the next code sequence from clobbering that register ?
There 's only one BB and an even scarcer AQ to go around , and most function results are left there .
If every inline function saved the AQ before it executed , we would generate a lot of useless code and soon run out of places to uselessly save the AQ .
We know that at some times the AQ has something useless , something duplicated elsewhere , or nothing known in it 42 , and the rest of the time has something critical in it .
How can a part of the compiler which is going to clobber the AQ know whether it has to be saved or not ?
Simply by checking the loadlist to see if there is an unrealized demand on that result .
For a gensym result , it 's easy : if it's on the loadlist , but not elsewhere on the extended slotlist , we 'd better find a slot in the slotlist , and save it .
For a variable , it is a little more complex .
For a constant ( see earlier footnote ) , we need never save it .
Thus , we have the concept of damnability result .
A result is damnable 43 if no unrealized load depends on it .
A register that contains a damnable result may be used for something else ; a register that contains a non-damnable result must be saved before it is reused 44 .
The predicates storeaq ?
and savebb ?
are used to test the damnability of the values of AQ and BB in lcp , and save them if needed .
A list of all possible forms of value tags is given in Appendix A .
When PDL temporaries are needed , the damnability test is applied ( by freeable ) to the contents of each slot on the current PDL map ( slotlist ) to see if that temporary can be reused .
Note that those PDL slots which are the " homes " of local variables become reusable after cnt passes the last cnt of a use of this variable as recorded in the locvars list by pass 1 .
Already - used function results ( which therefore do n't appear on the loadlist ) are always damnable , and PDL temps or registers containing them can freely be reused .
The damnability and ilocing of variables is a complex issue because variable values , unlike function values , are not unique 45 .
All compings of the same variable between two setq 's refer to the same lisp value at runtime , and can be made into references to the same value ( usually the home of the variable ) at compile time .
In the most trivial case , let us consider the form :
(+ x x (- y z ) x )
After all arguments have been comped , the loadlist will look like this :
(( x.347 ) ( z.346 ) ( y.345 ) ( x.344 ) ( x.343 ) )
When iloc is called to realize the demand , i.e. , come flat out and say where the value can be found , of ( x.343 ) , ( x.344 ) , or ( x.347 ) , having no reason to believe otherwise , all of these demands can be realized from the home of x ( which we denote as ( x.home ) for this is the not - really - value - tag which appears in the slotlist position for x's home ) .
And thus they will be .
Clearly , the function that is about to compile code to setq must put something somewhere to cause iloc to realize that ( x.home ) wo n't do , if it is about to setq x .
The " somewhere " is the extended slotlist , and the " something " is a value - tag for a later or contemporary x , i.e. , ( x.now ) where " now " is the current cnt equal or greater to the cdrs of outstanding demands on the loadlist .
When iloc is asked to realize a demand on a dotted - fixnum ( variable ) value - tag , it calls locvalue to find if there are x's on the extended slotlist ( with corresponding values in runtime registers , of course ) later or contemporary ( higher or equal cnt ) than the cdr of the input value - tag .
The earliest such value on the extended slotlist was stored there so that we might realize our demand on x from it .
That value is the right x .
To " get something onto the extended slotlist " all we must do is load it into a register ( e.g. , the AQ ) , and indicate that we have done so by placing a value - tag for it in that extended - slotlist position ( e.g. , the variable AQ ) .
That value may be shoved around , but never lost , because the unrealized demand on an x , on the loadlist , justifies this value 's existence .
When iloc finally calls for it , it is guaranteed that it will be somewhere on the extended slotlist , i.e. , somewhere on the runtime PDL or in some register .
It is not damnable .
VI . Value Management : An Example
Consider the compilation of the following form :
(+ x ( setq x ' 7 ) x )
Assume an initial cnt of 0 .
Assume x's home is PDL temp 1 , and thus slotlist position 1 contains ( x.home ) .
comp is given (+ x ( setq x ' 7 ) x ) .
comp passes the buck to comparith , who knows how to compile arithmetic functions .
He calls comp on the first x recursively .
comp generates the value - tag ( x.1 ) , conses it onto the loadlist , and returns it to comparith .
comparith remembers this value .
The current state of the world : the loadlist has ( x.1 ) on it , cnt is at 1 , the slotlist has ( x.home ) in position 1 , and comparith has ( x.1 ) in hand .
comparith now invokes comp recursively on ( setq x ' 7 ) .
compsetq gets the buck .
The second operand is comped , obtaining a value tag of ' 7 46 which is retained by compsetq .
Knowing that x is about to be setqed , compsetq calls cleanup - var - load on x to see if there are unrealized demands on x on the loadlist that do not already have x-value - tags on the extended slotlist to satisfy them .
In other words , it asks " Are there compilations in progress which need the current value of x , and thus should I save it ? " cleanup - var - load does this by asking the predicate gotvalue on each unrealized demand on x in the loadlist .
gotvalue , given a specific x - value - tag from the loadlist , walks over the entire extended slotlist , looking for any x-value ( except , obviously , ( x.home ) , because that 's gonna change right now ) from which this particular demand on x ( i.e. , ( x.1 ) ) might be realized .
gotvalue calls the predicate goodval on the contents of each element of the extended slotlist , to see if it is such a value .
When cleanup - var - load obtains nil from an answer from gotvalue on ( x.1 ) , it concludes that the current value of x must be saved , and calls savevalue on ( x.1 ) .
savevalue locates x's home , and ( assuming the current value of x is not already in the AQ ) , generates a Load AQ instruction to load that home into the AQ 47 .
The AQ position of the extended slotlist ( the variable AQ ) is set to ( x.idup ) , indicating that it contains " an idup of x , " a copy of the home made for this purpose .
goodval and locvalue ( the former used at setq time , the latter at iloc time ) and the damnability predicates all consider an idup to be as recent as can be , i.e. , as recent as x.home .
At the end of processing the loadlist , fixidups is called to actually rplacd all idups ( and dups , which we will meet below ) to the current cnt 48 .
The current state of the world : cnt stands at 1 . comparith has ( x.1 ) in its hand .
compsetq has a ' 7 in its hand .
The loadlist contains ( x.1 ) .
The slotlist has ( x.home ) in position 1 . AQ has the idup ( x.1 ) in it .
compsetq now increments cnt to 3 , as convention is to increment it by 2 , and calls get - in - aq on the value - tag ' 7 ( NOT the form ' 7 ) as previously returned .
get - in - aq realizes that it is going to load something into the AQ that it has determined is not there already ( recall that ( x.1 ) is there now ) , and thus calls clearaq to call storeaq ?
to see if AQ must be saved .
Indeed , storeaq ?
finds that AQ contains this variable value , and calls damned - variable on it to see if it is damnable .
damned - variable searches the slotlist and finds no other value for x ( it will not look in x.home , because that might be stored into later ) .
Thus , ( x.1 ) must be the most recent x around .
It then searches the loadlist for unrealized demands on x , asking the following question of each : " If the x-value whose tag I was passed as an argument were to be damned , i.e. , not kept around , would there still be some x-value somewhere on the extended slotlist from which this unrealized demand might be realized ? "
Since there were no other x's ( other than ( x.home ) , of course ) on the extended slotlist , the answer here must be " no , there would not , " or " you 'd better save the value you asked me about . " storeaq ? , being told this by damned - variable , decides that indeed , it must save the AQ , and it generates code to store the AQ at , say , ( temp 4 ) , i.e. , the second PDL location .
To indicate that it has done this , the second element of the slotlist is rplacaed to ( x.1 ) , by copying what is in AQ .
Current state of world : cnt stands at 3 .
The slotlist has ( x.home ) in its first position , and ( x.1 ) in its second .
The loadlist has ( x.1 ) on it , and AQ has ( x.1 ) in it too .
( These are not eq , by the way . )
get - in - aq proceeds to load the constant 7 into the AQ , setting the variable AQ to the value - tag ' 7 to indicate this .
compsetq generates code to store the AQ at ( x.home ) , i.e. , the PDL temporary which is the home for x , because this is what it means to compile a setq .
compsetq sets the variable AQ to ( x.dup ) , meaning " a duplicate of the home value of x , because I either just loaded it from there or ( as in this case ) just stored it from here . "
This " dup " of x , is considered to be as recent a value of x as can be had by locvalue ( at iloc time ) , the damnability predicates ( at register - re- use time ) and by goodval ( at setq time ) .
The reason we use ( x.dup ) instead of ( x.3 ) is so that later demands on x might be satisfied from this same value ;
As more and more demands on x are made from this point on , ( x.dup ) in the AQ can say " Yeah , we can take care of all of you . "
That is to say , were our form
( list x ( setq x ' 7 ) x x x x x )
the last 5 x's can all be found by iloc in the AQ , which is a good place .
Now to make this " dup " hack work , this " dup " better know when it starts to become invalid , and had better take its philanthropic x-satisfier out of business .
That time is such time that we are about to setq x : fixidups , which we met earlier , rplacds all dups of x to the current cnt as well as idups .
From that point on , ( x.dup ) is ( x.number ) , and that number is the upper limit on his validity .
Dups have the property that they are always damnable , from the moment they are created .
As long as they are dups ( i.e. , not rplacded to ( x.number ) ) , they are guaranteed to be a copy of that is in ( x.home ) , and thus can always be dispensed with .
The damnability predicates know this .
Idups , on the other hand ( made by savevalue ) are never damnable at the moment they are created : savevalue put them there because gotvalue saw that an unrealized demand on x needed this to happen .
Idups become damnable when all unrealized demands on x that had been depending on that saved value are realized , i.e. , removed from the loadlist .
compsetq , while putting ( x.dup ) in AQ , returns ( x.3 ) ( 3 is the current cnt ) to its caller , comp , who conses it onto the loadlist , and returns it to comparith .
( x.3 ) is a representation of the value of x representing the value of the setq form , not necessarily the current contents of the AQ .
To return a dup as a value would be meaningless .
Current state of world :
The loadlist has ( x.1 ) and ( x.3 ) on it .
comparith has an ( x.1 ) and an ( x.3 ) in its hand .
The AQ has ( x.dup ) in it .
The slotlist has ( x.home ) in position 1 , and ( x.1 ) in position 2 .
The cnt stands at 3 .
comparith now has two values ( i.e. , two value - tags as laundry tickets for compiled results ) , and can start adding stuff .
A clever little subroutine called get - fixnum - commu is called with the value tags ( x.1 ) and ( x.3 ) .
Knowing that it is being invoked on behalf of a commutative operation , get - fixnum - commu tries to see if either is in the AQ , by calling the predicate in - aq on both .
Acting as a kind of iloc , in - aq sees that it is being asked about a variable in both cases ( i.e. , ( x.number ) , and asks iloc 's helper locvalue ( see above ) if the AQ can satisfy the demand on hand .
locvalue sees that there is no x ( other than ( x.home ) ) on the extended slotlist later than ( x.3 ) , and thus ( x.home ) , or ( x.dup ) , which is as good as right now , can indeed satisfy this demand .
The ( x.dup ) in the AQ can be used as ( x.3 ) .
get - fixnum - commu thus removes ( x.3 ) from the loadlist , realizing the demand on that value of x , and returns the other argument , ( x.1 ) to comparith , having " gobbled " the ( x.3 ) by indeed fulfilling its contract that one of its arguments is in the AQ and the other returned .
comparith now contemplates generating code to add the ( x.1 ) into the Q register ( the number part of the AQ when it contains a lisp object ) .
Since it is going to change what is in the AQ , it calls storeaq ?
first to see if what happens to be in the AQ is some idup or something like that ( even though it is also , by coincidence a good value for our variable ) and has to be stored 49 .
comparith calls ilocs , a version of iloc which refuses to see things in the AQ ( or BB ) , storing them if necessary 50 .
iloc is given ( x.1 ) : seeing that it is a variable ( i.e. , ( x.1 ) not ( gensym ) ) it calls locvalue .
locvalue searches the extended slotlist and finds that there is indeed a value on it , ( x.1 ) in temp 2 , which is not earlier than our ( x.1 ) , and that is the earliest ( and in this case only ) x of which that is true .
Thus , iloc returns ( temp 4 ) to comparith .
comparith compiles an instruction to add the second word of temp 2 to the Q-register .
comparith has now changed the entire state of the world .
It must make this apparent .
It has used the result ( x.1 ) that it was given by comp : thus it removes ( x.1 ) ( by a call to remove ) from the loadlist .
Note that this implicitly renders the ( x.1 ) in temp 2 on the slotlist damnable .
The AQ no longer contains ( x.dup ) , but a new result .
So comparith sets AQ to the ncons of a gensym ( function value representation ) .
comparith now conses this value onto the loadlist to make sure that it does not get damned , i.e. , the AQ reused while the remaining argument ( s ) are comped .
Current state of world : comparith has the value tag ( g0005 ) in its hand .
AQ has ( g0005 ) in it .
The slotlist has ( x.home ) in position 1 and ( x.1 ) in position 2 .
The loadlist has ( g0005 ) on it .
The first addition has been compiled .
comparith now loops around its potentially - endless form and comps the final x in the form .
comp , invoked recursively , increments cnt by 1 , creates the value tag ( x.4 ) , conses it on to the loadlist , and returns it to comparith .
Current state of world : comparith has the value tags ( x.4 ) and ( g0005 ) in its hand .
AQ has ( g0005 ) in it .
The loadlist has ( g0005 ) and ( x.4 ) of it .
The slotlist has ( x.home ) in position 1 and ( x.1 ) in position 2 .
The cnt stands at 4 .
comparith calls get - fixnum - commu on ( x.4 ) and ( g0005 ) .
get - fixnum - commu asks in - aq on g0005 , and being a gensym result , it is the only good value for itself , and yes , it is in the AQ .
So get - fixnum - commu removes it from the loadlist and returns ( x.4 ) to comparith .
comparith calls ilocs on that ( x.4 ) .
There are no saved x's on the slotlist , so ( x.home ) ( or any dup or idup of x , but , in this case , there are none ) will do .
It returns ( temp 2 ) , or whatever temp ( x.home ) lives in .
( The slotlist contains ( x.home ) for ( x.home ) , not ( x.number ) or the locator ( temp 2 ) , which is not even a value tag . )
So comparith generates code to add x's home to the Q-register .
Again , the state of the world has been changed .
The result corresponding to ( g0005 ) is no longer in the AQ .
What is more , ( g0005 ) has been used .
comparith deletes ( g0005 ) from the loadlist , and sets the variable AQ to ( g0006 ) , a new gensym result .
comparith notices that it finished all its arguments , and returns ( g0006 ) to comp to cons onto the loadlist , and return to its caller .
The compilation of (+ x ( setq x ' 7 ) x ) is complete .
The state of the world is as follows :
The loadlist contains ( g0006 ) .
The slotlist still has ( x.home ) in position 1 , and the damnable variable ( x.1 ) in position 3 .
The cnt stands at 4 .
The AQ contains ( g0006 ) .
comparith is off the stack .
The caller of comp on the + form has been given a value - tag for a non-damnable value now in the AQ .
He can iloc it as he sees fit whenever he so chooses .
VII .
Value Management : In Summary
We see that Pass 2 value management is an interaction of four sets of primitives , keeping track of the location of results , the damnability of results , and the naming of results :
comp , the producer of results , who leaves them in registers or PDL locations , and conses their tags on to the loadlist .
comping produces object code , and changes variable values and register contents .
iloc , ( and his friends like in - aq , in - bb , get - in - aq , etc. ) , who finds results in the registers and PDL locations , and calls locvalue to find savings of variables to realize demands on them .
ilocing may produce object code , which might even change the contents of registers , but will never have side effects like changing the values of variables .
cleanup - var - load , called at the time that a variable is about to be setqed , to see if there are unrealized demands on this variable by searching the loadlist .
The damning predicates , storeaq ? , savebb ? , freeable , and damned - variable , which , looking at a result , see if that result is destructible or must be saved .
These primitives are called when code is generated to put new results in registers or PDL locations , or usable PDL locations must be found .
comp returns a result to a specific - function compiler having put it on the loadlist , guaranteeing that iloc will be able to find it , or something that will satisfy the demand for it , someplace .
When a specific - function compiler calls remove on a result , to remove it from the loadlist , it becomes damnable .
The damning predicates determine if the result in a specific register or PDL location must be saved or stored , because some demand for a value will not be able to be satisfied without it .
cleanup - var - load exists because demands for variables are generally realized from the home of the variable , and the old value in the home must be saved if an unrealized demand on the variable exists at the time it is to be setqed .
Local variables can only be setqed in the function in which they are defined : they are lexically scoped , like PL / I or Algol variables .
Thus , the compiler , while compiling a function , knows to create idups ( i.e. , perform a savevalue ) upon them when an unrealized demand on them exists when a setq is about to be compiled .
For the case of a special variable , this is not so .
They are dynamically scoped : any lisp function can freely ( so to speak ) change the value of any special variable .
Thus , pass 2 must consider any call to a function whose behavior is not known ( i.e. , non-builtin function ) to be potentially a setq of all special variables that exist .
Thus , when such a call is comp'ed ( by make - call ) a cleanup - var - load is done for all special variables on the loadlist ( i.e. , all unrealized demands on special variables ) .
This is performed by cleanup - special - var - loads .
Among the functions that the compiler knows about , it is capable of determining which can potentially setq special variables and which cannot .
For instance , cons cannot , but set ( not setq ) certainly can .
break , or other random user - interaction functions can .
Those functions which can potentially setq special variables are defined in the include file compiler - badfns.incl.lisp , and are returned as the list value of the macro badfns defined therein .
Thus , make - call can check all system functions against ( badfns ) to see if a cleanup - special - var - loads is required .
Pass 1 also checks this list when p1'ing to see if the call - out flag , p1 cof , should be set .
This is used to set the downward - propagating call - out flags in conditional forms , already discussed , but not yet motivated .
There are times when it is necessary to perform a cleanup - var - load on all demands on the loadlist .
This is basically for catch and errset , which can receive control from arbitrary code not compiled in this function , invoked by an unpredictable point in this function .
When the throw or error occurs , the catch or errset receives control .
Let us consider the following form :
( foo x ( errset ( progn ( bar ) ( setq x 5 ) ( quux ) ) ) )
Upon comping the errset , an unrealized demand exists for the x , the first argument to foo .
While compiling the progn , the setq of x to 5 would perform a cleanup - var - load on x , in preparation for the setq , storing an idup of x into some PDL temp .
x not being special , the external calls to bar and quux do not cause a cleanup - var - load on x .
At the completion of the comping of the errset form , the value - tag for the first x would presumably be ilocable at this PDL temp , for the setq caused code to load it and probably code to store it before the 5 was loaded .
However , if a lisp error occurred while bar was executing , control returns to the errset without the code for saving x ever having been executed .
The code that loads x for the call to foo would load garbage , for iloc has clearly lied .
The solution to this dilemma is that the comping of any form which can receive control from an unpredictable arbitrary depth within it must cleanup all variable loads .
cleanup - var - loads does this .
A little thought here leads us to consideration of conditional forms , where the problem is somewhat simpler .
The clever reader can begin to motivate the setq list and call - out flags in such forms .
I , however , cannot discuss this until I have explained the compilation of branches .
It is worthwhile stating the precise algorithm of locvalue , which given a value - tag for a variable , finds that value , guaranteed by the damning - predicates and savevalue to be there , that can satisfy this demand .
Recall that locvalue is called by iloc and those like him :
Among all the extended slotlist , i.e. , the PDL , BB , and AQ , with dups , idups , and home being considered as ( x.now ) , the earliest x on the extended slotlist which is not earlier than what we 're looking for , satisfies this demand .
Example :
loadlist 1 2 3 5 6 7 9 10 11 12 14 slotlist 3 7 9 12 home
( x.1 ) , ( x.2 ) , and ( x.3 ) demands all can be satisfied from the ( x.3 ) on the PDL .
Clearly , at time cnt = 3 , a savevalue of x was done by one of the cleanup - var - load 'er 's , either because of an imminent setq , a random - function call if x is special , etc. , as just discussed .
( x.5 ) , ( x.6 ) , and ( x.7 ) can be satisfied similarly from the ( x.7 ) on the PDL , and ( x.10 ) , ( x.11 ) , and ( x.12 ) from the ( x.12 ) saved there for this reason .
The reference to ( x.14 ) has no later x's saved : the current value of x can be used , e.g. , ( x.home ) or a dup of x in the AQ or BB .
A similar consideration of the damnability predicate on the value - tag of a variable is worthwhile :
A value - tag for a variable ( and thus the register it is in ) is damnable if there are no demands for that variable on the loadlist for which iloc would have to return this value .
Thus , in the above example , there are no damnable quantities on the slotlist , because we gave a case above where each one of them would be found by iloc .
Were , however , the ( x.9 ) to be used , and thus ( x.9 ) removed from the loadlist , the ( x.9 ) on the slotlist would be damnable .
Picture :
loadlist 1 2 3 5 6 7 10 11 12 14 slotlist 3 7 9 12 home
Another way of stating this is that a variable value is damnable if there are no earlier demands on the loadlist for which there is not a value of this variable earlier than us , but later than or contemporary to the demand .
Similarly , we must state in entirety the algorithm of the var - load - cleaner - uppers , which determine if an idup must be made of a variable ( i.e. , a savevalue done ) when a setq is about to be done .
This is implemented by goodval :
An idup must be made at cleanup - var - load - time if there are outstanding demands on the loadlist for which iloc would find ( x.now ) if it were there .
Another way of stating this is that an idup must be made if there exists at least one unrealized demand for this variable on the loadlist for which no contemporary or later value other than the home exists on the extended slotlist .
Examples :
x needs to be saved :
loadlist 1 2 3 5 6 7 9 11 slotlist 3 7 home
x need not be saved :
loadlist 1 2 3 5 6 7 9 11 slotlist 3 7 12 home
The damnability of a variable - home is the " and " of the damnability of ( x.now ) and cnt being greater than what is stored in locvars ( last - use - cnt ) for this variable .
The damnability of a slot containing a function - result is the inverse of whether that result is on the loadlist .
VIII .
Object Code List
lcp produces machine - language output , not LAP .
Instructions produced are most often 36 - bit fixnums representing a full Multics instruction .
A list of such fixnums , i.e. , a chain of conses with fixnums in their cars , is maintained by outwrd .
The variable pc represents the simulated program - counter ( instruction counter ) ; the variable codelist keeps the head ( highest address , place where things are being added ) of this chain .
Most instructions , those which call operators , increment or decrement the PDL pointer , load constants , or branch backwards , are completely - determined constants at the time they are consed onto the codelist .
Others , such as references to the PDL , references to functions , references to constants , and forward jumps are not .
It is the function outinst , given a fixnum opcode and a representation of a runtime address , almost always an iloc answer , which must deal with this .
PDL references are not known at the time they are consed onto the codelist because the size of the PDL frame for a function is not known until the compilation of the function is finished , and PDL references are made as negative off of the AP .
There is only one PDL pointer , and it points to the location beyond the top of the PDL region for this function .
Thus , ( temp.inst - 2N ) , where inst - 2N is a machine - language instruction whose address - field specifies twice ( for 2 words per PDL slot ) the PDL slot number , is consed onto codelist .
At the completion of function compilation , pass2 scans the portion of the codelist for this function , rplacaing all conses with caars of temp with their cdars with the known PDL - frame size subtracted from the offset .
Instructions which need to reference numeric constants can often be compiled into " immediate " instructions by outarith , which will wind up in the codelist as normal fixnum instructions .
But often , full doubleword lisp - value typed pointer constants must be referenced .
These are compiled into the text of the object segment following the function .
Thus , their locations cannot be known until compilation of the function is complete .
Therefore , outinst places a cons similar to that for PDL references , but with a car of literal instead of temp in the codelist .
get - literal - addr keeps track of pooling these literals , via a hash table of all constants referenced maintained by make - const .
Thus , pass2 rplacas all conses containing this appropriately , adding in the base of the literal pool after the function to their cdars .
Similarly for array references and function references in the object program , where conses with array and function are put on the codelist .
Since these snappable pointers 51 are pooled , and will appear in the LISP linkage section , the final instruction cannot be known until the layout of the whole LISP linkage section is known at the end of the entire compilation of the source file .
Thus , conses with array and function as their cars are consed onto the codelist , with the template instruction containing the relative offset into the particular pool ( which is known at the time the instruction is encountered ) .
When all compilation is complete , finish - code is called , which lays out the LISP linkage section , knowing how many of each of these things there are , and scans the total code list to rplaca conses having these things in their cars with their cdars with the correct pool offset added .
Constants , e.g. , list structure , symbols , bignums , and strings referenced by the compiled code also are referenced via pointers in the LISP linkage section .
However , since the constant pointers ( which , by the way , are garbage - collectable lisp values ) are placed first in the LISP linkage , the linkage offset of constants ( once uniquized by make - const ) is known at the time instructions referencing them are compiled , and thus , these instructions can be consed into codelist as fixnums .
References by the object code to itself are always made in instruction - counter relative format ; the object code contains no object - code addresses .
Thus , when the compilation of a given function is finished , there are no instructions in it which make any assumptions about the value of the program - counter at runtime .
This allows pass2 to insert code at the beginning of the function , i.e. , rplacding a deep point in the codelist , with new code 52 after function compilation without upsetting any code .
The entire codelist is nreversed by finish - code , to put location 0 at the top , before handing it to lisp_cg_utility_ .
IX .
Branching and Tags
Divergences from the standard order of evaluation are implied in the LISP language by the use of COND , AND , OR , GO , RETURN , and other hairier dynamic constructs ( e.g. , THROW , ERRSET , etc. ) .
All of these constructs imply conditional evaluation or explicitly - controlled evaluation in the interpreter ; in compiled code , these map into the conditional execution of code , and explicit transfer of machine control within a compiled program .
The standard technique in most compilers , which is used by lcp , is the generation of tags , or compiler - generated labels , which reduce all cases of control flow constructs to go - to's .
Thus , a construct like
( cond ( predicate ( do - this ) ) ( t ( do - that ) ) )
generates code something like this :
( code for predicate ) conditional - transfer middle - tag code - to - do - this transfer end - tag middle - tag : code - to - do - that end - tag :
The notion of tags is an extension of the tags in PROGs : PROG tags are a special case of tags in general .
By reducing all internally - generated and implicit control transfer to the simple case of the go - to , the ultimate run-time control construct , all cases can be handled .
Thus , we consider the operation of the simple tag mechanism 53 .
The compiler generates tags for PROG labels , middles and ends of conditional forms , etc .
In cases of conditional forms 54 the compiler generates branches to these tags , conditional or unconditional , as part of rendering the semantics of these forms .
The compilation of an actual GO or RETURN , however , even if it appears in a conditional form , is a more complex deal , involving issues of PDL management , which will be described in a subsequent section .
The compilation of a GO or RETURN , however , always culminates in the compiler generating a conditional or unconditional transfer to the PROG label ( or bottom - of - PROG internally - generated label .
When the compiler ( comp ) is asked to compile a form like ( go g0006 ) , a primitive called outjump is called with an opcode and the tag g0006 .
If earlier processing has not already passed the definition of the tag g0006 ( at PROG top level in comp - prog ) , outjump passes the symbol g0006 to outinst .
But if the location of g0006 is already known , i.e. , the runtime program - counter to which it corresponds , the difference of the program counter from the current one is computed , and an instruction - counter - relative 55 and an appropriate transfer constructed .
The instruction - counter value corresponding to a tag is hung off its lvalue property ; if it has none , its definition is not yet known .
If an attempt is made to output an instruction which references a tag which has not yet been defined , outinst senses that this symbol has no lvalue property .
It outputs an instruction with the negative value of the current program - counter , and pushes the cons of the codelist into which it did so onto the references property of the symbol operand it was given .
Thus , when a tag is finally defined , the symbol which represents it has off of its references property a list of conses of the codelist , whose cars are instructions whose address fields must have the location counter at this time added to them 56 .
At that time , the symbol gets its lvalue property as well , and all future references reduce to the previous case .
It should be clear that references to tags can be processed by outjump whether or not that tag has been defined , assuming that at some time it gets defined .
Thus , the compiler can generate a symbol any time it desires , representing a tag it will define later , and put it in an instruction being handed to outjump .
When the time comes to define that tag , a call to define - tag on it will do all the right things .
When a tag , regardless of whether it was user - generated or compiler - generated , is to be defined , it is given as an argument to define - tag .
define - tag conses it onto a list of tags to be defined at the next instruction .
First thought leads us to believe that this is foolish , that since the location counter of the next instruction is a certainty , we could define it right now , and go back and fix all references ( done by fix - refs ) at this time .
However , the actual defining of the tag , being the putting of the lvalue property and the rplacaing of the forward references , is delayed until it is ascertained that the next instruction is not itself an unconditional transfer .
If the next instruction is an unconditional transfer , then all references to the tags about - to - be - defined should be made into references to the target of the unconditional transfer , to avoid transfering to transfers and so on 57 .
Thus , outjump , when about to output an unconditional jump , checks to see if there are labels that were supposed to be defined as this instruction .
If so , a fix - refs is done to all forward ( already - encountered ) references to these labels , giving the target of our instruction ( assuming that it has already been defined , i.e. , has an lvalue property ) as a definition for each of those labels .
If our target has not yet itself been defined , then all of these " tags to be defined " are hung off of the synonyms property of our target tag .
When a fix - refs is finally done on our target tag , either by the normal ( label is defined ) mechanism or the transfer - tensioning mechanism , fix - refs will process references to these synonyms as well as references to our target tag , including our instruction .
Examples :
Source construct :
( prog ( ) c ( cond ( ( p1 ) ( do - this ) ) ( t ( do - that ) ) ) ( go c ) )
c : code - for - predicate conditional - transfer g0053
code - for - do - this transfer g0054
g0054 is another compiler - generated tag , this time representing the as - yet - undefined " end - of - the - cond " place .
It gets a references property of the list of the codelist cons containing this transfer instruction .
The second clause is now compiled :
The middle - of - the - cond label , g0053 , is now defined ( compcond kept it on hand ) by passing it to define - tag , who conses it on to labels - to - define .
The code for the second - consequent 58 is now generated :
When an attempt is made to output the first word of code - for - do - that , outwrd sees that there are labels to define , and defines g0053 as " here , " fixing the previous conditional transfer by changing its address field .
It found it from g0053 's property list . :
g0053 : code - for - do - that
transfer c
( cond ( ( this ) ( that ) ) ( ( otherwise ) ( maybe ) ) ) ( go a )
where a is further down the PROG , and has not been defined yet , will give a synonyms property of the end - of - the - cond tag when an attempt is made to define that .
There is also a fairly recent hairy hack to condense conditional transfers around transfer instructions into transfers in the opposite sense to the unconditional transfer 's target .
This also includes eliminating transfers to " the next location . "
Both of these constructs are generated naturally by the compiler because of the interactions of compilations of control - transfer and conditional constructs at different level .
These peephole optimizations are performed by tra-adjust .
Whenever an unconditional transfer is compiled , the next attempt to output a word calls tra-adjust , which inspects any labels to be defined to see if they are referenced by the penultimate instruction .
Since that unconditional transfer cannot have any labels on it ( branches to it ; they would have been tensioned out ) it is eliminated , and the conditional transfer 2 instructions back gets its sense inverted , and gets redirected as a reference to the unconditional transfer 's target .
Example :
transfer - zero x transfer y
becomes
transfer - nonzero y
when an attempt is made to define x as the next location .
The function tra-adjust takes care of moving around the references property between x and y , etc .
X. Branching and Value Management
Transfer of control within the object code produced by the compiler has widespread and deep implications upon the value management scheme described in a previous section .
Code for conditional forms is compiled linearly , one edge 59 at a time .
The model of the runtime PDL and registers maintained by the extended slotlist , as described up until now , assumes that their contents at the beginning of each instruction are the same as at the end of the previous instruction .
In the case of an instruction with a tag on it , i.e. , the target of any kind of branch , this is not so .
The compiler must be able to model the contents of the runtime registers at all times : thus , when a referenced label is encountered ( and defined , thus define - tag concerns itself with this ) , the extended slotlist must be reconstructed from the contents of the extended slotlist at each point which branches to this tag .
Therefore , unless a given value is in the same position in the extended slotlist whenever a ( conditional or unconditional ) branch to a given tag is compiled , that value may not be assumed to be in that position of the extended slotlist when the code at that tag is compiled .
The extended slotlist at a tag may be described as the intersections of the extended slotlists at its forward references .
If a tag has backward references 60 nothing may be assumed to be in any position of the extended slotlist , except the homes of all variables defined in all regnant lambdas and progs .
This is because we have not compiled the code yet that branches here , and we have no way of telling 61 what will be in the runtime registers and PDL when it branches here 62 .
The compiler therefore merges extended slotlists to form the extended slotlist at a tag .
The bulk of this work is done by the function level - tag , which is used by the compiler every time it wants to call outjump on a symbol representing a tag .
level - tag is thus called when a branch to a tag is about to be generated .
level - tag maintains off of the level , AQ , and BB properties of the tag a copy of the extended slotlist which will be merged with the to - be - current slotlist at the time the tag was defined .
The first time a tag is referenced ( level - tag is called each time ) , the current extended slotlist is copied , and hung off these properties of that tag .
Each succeeding time , until the tag is defined , the extended slotlist at that time is merged into the copy hung off these properties , setting to nil ( empty ) those locations in the copy that are not common in both .
When the tag is finally defined , by define - tag , he merges the saved , merged slotlist with the current slotlist .
If the previous instruction was an unconditional transfer , ( as indicated by the variable useless - code ) , there is no current extended slotlist --- the saved image becomes the real one .
The extended slotlist at a referenced tag is therefore the intersection of the final extended slotlists over all edges that lead to that point .
The situation is complicated further by the existence of unrealized variable loads .
Consider the form
( foo x ( cond ( ( what ) ( setq x 5 ) ) ) )
When time comes to comp this form , comp returns , say ( x.356 ) for the first x , consing this on to the loadlist .
The cond form is now comped , by make - call , who is sequentially comping arguments to the foo form .
At the time the setq form is comped , cleanup - var - load , invoked by compsetq on x , notices that x is about to be setqed , and that there is a demand on x on the loadlist that depends upon the current x .
So , as we have seen , the value of x is saved , and winds up in a slotlist position , as an idup , at the time the comping of the cond form is finished .
But what happens when the " end - of - the - cond " tag is defined by the code after the cond ?
The merging of slotlists with the code that branched here if ( what ) were nil insists that that idup not be in the slotlist , for surely , it was not there when the conditional transfer after the predicate was compiled .
What this is saying is that dependent upon the object - time value of the ( what ) result , x either got saved in some slotlist position or did n't .
Well , one might argue that that 's reasonable , in one case x got clobbered , and in one case it did n't .
But the compiler will have a jolly hard time ilocing x when the arguments to foo are to be prepared , because it cannot know how the object code arrived here 63 .
Thus , the compiler must ensure that ( x.356 ) will be ilocable at the merge point of all edges emanating from the point where the demand on ( x.356 ) was placed on the loadlist .
There is never any problem ( i.e. , the previous explanations hold ) as long as there are no conditional branches .
But at the point where a form which can conditionally branch is encountered , idups must be made of all unrealized variable demands for which idups would have to be made along any edge of the cond .
This must be done at the furthest point in the program where you " have to go through " to get to the point where the demand on ( x.356 ) is realized 64 .
Therefore , at the time a conditional form is encountered , we must know precisely what variables are setqed anyplace within it , so that we might make idups of them at this point , the back dominator of the demand - realization - point , so that each path to the demand - realization point will have a usable value for that variable at the same point in the slotlist .
Once a non-damnable variable is in the slotlist ( not the extended slotlist --- this is not so of the AQ and BB ) it will stay there .
A non-damnable value in the AQ or BB is guaranteed to be saved somewhere , so it is ilocable , but is not guaranteed to stay in the AQ or BB .
Thus , the code at the back - dominator of a delayed variable load 65 before a conditional form must do a cleanup - var - load on each variable setqed in that conditional form , to be sure that an idup is made , and then do a storeaq ?
and a savebb to make sure that these idups will be in the same place at the target of all of the conditional transfers .
This is precisely the long - awaited reason why pass 1 goes through all this hair to maintain lists of setqed variables and call - out flags in all conditional forms .
If any external function or " badfn " function is called in the conditional form , a cleanup - special - var - loads must be done as well .
Note that we already encountered something related to this in the handling of ERRSETs and CATCHes in an earlier section .
XI . PDL Height Management
Each lisp function , as it begins execution , raises the marked PDL pointer , AP , up above its arguments , to cover its frame , the first n positions of which are the homes of its n arguments .
The PDL frame includes enough locations to cover the maximum number of regnant lambda variables at any point in the function body , and enough ( multiplexed ) temporary locations to hold all intermediate results and idups that need be stored .
The size of the frame is determined by the end of function compilation , after the slotlist has been grown to its maximum length .
The slotlist grows when a temporary is needed ( usually because the AQ must be saved because the AQ is needed and its contents are non-damnable ) and no current temporaries have damnable contents .
Thus , quantities are not " pushed " onto the PDL 66 but are stored in fixed locations relative to the PDL pointer .
However , when a function calls another function , the first function must place the arguments for the second function above its own frame on the PDL , for the slots containing those arguments will become the first slots of the PDL frame of the second function , and be popped by it .
The " arg temps " of function calls are not managed by the slotlist mechanism : when another function is about to be called , AP is bumped up to cover all of the arg temps 67 and the function arguments are loaded into the AQ and stored into those temps ( by storearg ) , one by one , although an attempt is made to group together the loading of results with identical iloc 'ings .
The AP can be bumped before the comp'ing of the arguments to the function , or after .
It will be popped by the function itself on return from the call .
The variable arg - height indicates by how many arg temps the PDL frame is extended ; note that the addressing of arg temps is a constant off of AP regardless of the frame size , as they are above the frame no matter how large the frame is .
This allows instructions which refer to them to be output as constants immediately , without the patching - back described above for other PDL references ( see storearg ) .
The compiler tries to avoid bumping arg - height ( and thus AP at runtime ) until after the comp'ing of all the arguments .
This is to save AP - pushing instructions .
For instance , if the form
( f1 ( f2 ( f3 ( f4 ... ) ... ) ) )
were being compiled , the first step of compilation of f1 's form would be to push AP to cover f1 's args .
The next step would be to compile f2 's form , which would start by pushing AP to cover f2 's args as well , etc .
If we avoid moving AP at all until somebody actually wants to store something there , we can push AP all at once .
In order to carry this out , a variable called bump- arg - height , normally zero , is set before the comping of any arguments to how high the PDL ought be bumped .
When any attempt is actually made to store into an arg temp , which normally occurs after all the args have been comp'ed , storearg ( or storearg - bb ) calls a function called force - arg - height , which bumps AP by bump - arg - height , and sets the latter to zero .
There are several other circumstances that can cause the arg - height to be forced , i.e. , the arg temps that are going to have to be there made to appear .
The compiling of any kind of transfer ( as seen by a reference to a tag by level - tag ) implies that there must be some agreed - upon arg height at any tag .
That is to say , we must know what arg - height the compiler will assume to be in effect at the tag to which we are transferring .
If the tag is an internally generated one , let us say from a COND , AND , or OR , then the convention is that the arg height there ( i.e. , at the forward tag ) is the same as it should be here ( i.e. , the current arg height after it has been forced ) .
Thus , when a ( conditional or unconditional ) transfer is compiled , the arg height is forced , so that if we branch , AP is right , and if we do n't , AP is what it had to be set sooner or later to anyway .
The end or middle of the COND , AND , or OR must be part of the same argument to the same function as the beginning , i.e. , the place where the transfer was encountered .
Thus , there cannot be fewer or more arg - temps on the PDL at that place .
This is why this convention is possible .
If the transfer is that to a user - defined ( i.e. , PROG ) tag , which can only occur via the go fexpr , the situation is more complex .
Consider the form
( prog ( ) ( foo a b ( bar ( cond ( ( p1 ) ( go a ) ...... (....) a (.....
At the time the GO is compiled , the arg height for the calls to foo and bar will already have been forced by the call to p1 to include the arg - temps of foo and bar .
At the tag a , there are no arg - temps 68 on the PDL .
If the ( GO A ) branch is taken , the compiler must pop AP down to the level at a .
Therefore , when a GO is to be compiled , the compiler must know the arg - height at the tag which is being gone to , and generate code to pop AP .
Note that the arg - height at the top - level of any PROG is the same throughout the PROG ; this is because it is top level : PROG tags may only exist at top level .
Thus , compprog maintains a list called framel of arg - heights associated with PROGs .
When a GO is about to be compiled , unwindgoret goes down as many levels into this stack as the PROG depth that Pass 1 put in GO 69 forms to find the arg height of top - level of the PROG whose label 70 is being GOne to .
unwindgoret calls popap enough times to generate code to unwind as many PROG frames and their arg heights as necessary .
The compiler forces arg - height when compiling function arguments , if it finds that one of the argument comp'ings left a result in the AQ .
In this case , the one instruction needed to bump the AP now to store the result now more than makes up for the multiple instructions necessary to save this result and load it back after the arg height had been forced after all arguments had been compiled .
The compiler also forces arg - height at other random times , such as during the bindings of special variables ( when the bindings will be above the args , the args must appear ) , and at PROG labels ( to validate the assumptions about transfers to PROG labels . )
CATCH and ERRSETs , to validate assumptions about transfers to these forms from within .
XII .
Compilation for Predicate
In addition to the two notions of compilation for value and effects 71 there exists in Pass 2 a notion of compilation " for predicate , " meaning that a form is being compiled so that its value 's nilness or non-nilness will be used to determine if a runtime conditional transfer will indeed transfer .
Consider the form :
( cond ( ( eq x y ) ( setq z 3 ) ) )
The obvious compilation of this code would look something like this :
( code - to - load - ( eq x y ) - into - AQ ) compare - aq nil transfer - equal end - tag ( code - for - setq ) end_tag :
Now the code to compute the eq form is going to do something like load the value of x , compare it with the value of y , and execute code to load either t or nil as a result .
If the form we were dealing with were
( setq b ( eq x y ) )
that would be reasonable .
But it is n
