We 're on schedule for the expected increase in novel H1N1 flu cases from the swine flu pandemic coincident with school starting up .
The red line is this year 's flu season , and the peak at week 35 represents influenza like illness ( ILI ) , defined as fever of 100 and cough or sore throat , as seen by sentinel doctors ' offices throughout the US .
You can find your region here .
The good news is about vaccine .
A single shot of swine flu vaccine protected healthy adults within eight to 10 days , according to a U.S. study that doubles anticipated stockpiles and may help people get immunized faster .
The bad is that vaccine may be too late to stop the peak .
The epidemiologists said Friday that they expected the peak to come as early as next month , long before enough vaccine to protect all 159 million Americans who need it most will be ready .
" It would be bizarre for it to peak in January or February , the way seasonal flu does , " said Dr. Marc Lipsitch , an epidemiologist at the Harvard School of Public Health and a consultant on flu epidemics to the President 's Council of Advisers on Science and Technology .
He noted that the pandemics of 1918 and 1957 , which were also caused by new viral strains , had both peaked early .
Influenza cases are usually near zero at this time of year , but Friday 's weekly report from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention rated flu activity as " widespread " in 11 states , mostly in the Southeast but also in Arizona , Alaska and Oklahoma .
( " Widespread " is the highest of five levels . )
According to Dr. Anne Schuchat , the agency 's chief of immunization and respiratory diseases , 98 percent of those flu cases are the new swine flu .
More than half of all surveyed colleges , and all 50 states and DC have reported cases .
It 's much more prevalent in the southeast , presumably because school started a couple of weeks early .
Here 's the southeast ILI tracking , one of the hardest hit regions :
The referenced PCAST report can be found here .
Many of PCAST 's specific recommendations have already been implemented , although the laudable suggestion to accelerate vaccine production is not easily carried out .
Most people who get this virus are ill but recover relatively quickly ; a few who get ill become very ill , and certain high risk groups including pregnant women , children under 5 , caretakers of infants , and school age kids with asthma and diabetes are candidates for the first batch of vaccine when it is available in a few weeks .
Health care workers are also a target for vaccination so as to not deplete the work force .
The spread of virus and the roll - out of vaccine will keep this story in the news a while longer .
And there are still preparations you can take now , including making continuity plans to function with 30 % less staff , or on a personal level stocking up on medicine ( if you 're on it ) , and some extra food and items so that if you are ill , you need n't go out and infect others .
And while schools are planning to be open , some are going to close , so if that involves you , have a back - up plan for child care .
The latest CDC situation update can be found here ; guidance on flu prep can be found here and here ; home care is here ; news is here .
For the wonks who like to get down to detail , there 's an excellent review from Lancet Infectious Disease ( .pdf ) entitled Closure of schools during an influenza pandemic that goes through the plusses and minuses of school closure [ see also H1N1 : Why Do Schools Close , And When Do They Open ? from May 2009 . ]
The decision to close schools must be made on the basis of the severity of the pandemic .
This is illustrated by the recommendations that have been made by the US Centres for Disease Control and Prevention ( CDC ) which contrast with earlier recommendations .
39,40
On the basis of information that many cases in the Mexican epidemic had severe illness , the CDC initially recommended school closure as an option to lessen the risk of infection from a potentially severe disease .
However , as estimates of severity were revised downward , recommendations were changed and the early identification and isolation of ill students and staff became the primary method to reduce the spread of influenza in schools .
40
The use of stringent and costly measures such as school closure should indeed be based on age - specific estimates of severity and local morbidity indicators .
It is important to emphasise again that the WHO phases are not an indication of severity ( phase six only means that there is a sustained spread of the virus in different continents ) ; WHO now makes parallel statements on severity and geographical spread .
41,42
You really do n't want this virus ; it 's nasty at best and deadly at worst .
Cover your cough , wash your hands , and roll up your sleeve when you have the chance .
It is n't often that you experience a pandemic , and making this the mildest one on record should be everyone 's goal .
Recognize that some ( but not most ) schools will close , and balancing proper concern with prudent action without going overboard is tougher than it looks , hence calls for transparency in communication are key .
Carlsbad , CA ( July 15 , 2009 ) – On June 25 , 2009 , the world was shocked to hear that Michael Jackson had suddenly passed away .
In honor of one of the world ’s most prolific performers , The Upper Deck Company is releasing a quartet of short - printed , illustrated insert cards honoring Michael Jackson ’s legendary 1993 halftime performance at Football ’s biggest game .
On Sunday , January 31 , 1993 , the sporting world tuned in to watch Dallas battle Buffalo for football ’s biggest title game .
Adding to the excitement of the annual event , the halftime show stirred up the kind of buzz that only one performer could ever generate : Michael Jackson took center stage and with a set that featured some of his most memorable hits and trademark dance moves , he rocked the house of 98,374 .
Dallas won the game , 52 - 17 , and Jackson won over a new generation of fans with what many consider the most spectacular halftime show in history .
“ Michael Jackson was a unique entertainer whose performances routinely exceeded expectations as he continually tested the boundaries with his music and dance , ” said Jason Masherah , Upper Deck ’s director of Sports Brands .
“ After witnessing the outpouring of love at his memorial , we knew the public would appreciate this commemorative collection to celebrate his larger - than - life persona .
Both sport and music fans alike will no doubt reminisce about the memorable halftime performance . ”
The cards will be available in the August 4th launch of the 2009 UDx Baseball series .
Pulse , Teague 's new concept for an urban bike , addresses all the necessities of a standard bike commute .
Taking cues from both fixed gears and cafe - racers , Its features include electric turn signals controlled from the handlebars and a luminescent frame that lights up when you need it .
We especially love the specialized caged bike pedals -- they 're counterweighted to always sit " the right way round , " allowing the rider to benefit from their three - fold increase in efficiency without suffering from having to clip into upside down pedals at every stoplight .
Here 's the pitch from Teague : 150 years of continuous / passionate refinement have resulted in bicycle components that are both ultra efficient and ultra reliable .
And yet this passionate perfection hides in plain sight .
The power of design is its ability to create ( animal ) magnetism around compelling ideas in relevant context .
Dana Krieger , Industrial designer at Teague presents a tribute to the triangle .
A reinterpretation of an icon , which unifies individual components into a coherent statement in tune with contemporary needs ( and attitudes ) .
Equal parts gym membership , fashion statement and Kyoto pact contributor -- Pulse is a transportation solution in synch with the needs of today 's urban denizen .
More info here , and many more pics after the jump !
Beasts of Burden : Stray : Pages 1 - 9 Beasts of Burden : The Unfamiliar : Pages 10 - 22 Beasts of Burden : Let Sleeping Dogs Lie : Pages 23 - 39
It ’s no secret that when it comes to KDE - based distributions , Kubuntu is n’t exactly the cream of the crop .
With the release of Kubuntu Karmic Alpha 5 , the KDE4 desktop delivered with Kubuntu received some much - needed love .
Let ’s take a look at what the Kubuntu people are doing .
First and foremost , with the upcoming 9.10 “ Karmic Koala ” release of Kubuntu , the distribution upgrades KDE to KDE 4.3 , and this alpha release already contains the recently released KDE 4.3.1 bugfix release .
KDE 4.3 brings many needed improvements to the KDE4 desktop .
This release also comes with Plasma ’s new netbook - oriented interface .
Finally , Kubuntu also takes the nessecary steps to make Gtk+ / GNOME applications look nice and well - integrated in a Qt / KDE environment by shipping the QtCurve engine .
The Gtk+ Appearance System Settings module also makes a comeback so you get fine - grained control over the Gtk+ / GNOME applications running in KDE .
About time , I ’d say , other KDE distributions have had this for a while .
They ’ve also focussed quite a bit on making OpenOffice.org integrate well within a KDE environment .
“ Written by our very own elite Kubuntu developers , OpenOffice 3.1.1 introduces KDE integration .
This means that all OpenOffice applications will look at home with the default ‘ Oxygen ’ KDE theme and use the KDE file dialog for opening and saving documents . ”
I ’m just wondering if this is a static solution or a flexible one ; in other words , if you change KDE4 styles , will OpenOffice.org be changed accordingly , or will it continue to use Oxygen ?
There ’s also some “ bad ” news ( depends on hoe you look at it ) .
Previous alpha releases defaulted to the webkit - based Arora browser , but alpha 5 defaults back to Konqueror .
“ It was decided that it ’s [ sic ] superior integration with KDE was worth more than the hassle of switching default web browsers a lot .
However , Arora 0.8 will still be shipped on the DVD for those who want to [ sic ]
Arora for it ’s [ sic ] superior performance with social web applications such as Facebook . ”
Kubuntu is a distribution which always felt a bit like the stepchild Canonical never really wanted to have .
It could really use some love and it ’s good to see they are making improvements .
Kubuntu 9.10 is scheduled for release October 29 .
Give me liberty or give me death ?
Try giving me loquacity and giving me death .
We are , literally , talking and texting ourselves into oblivion .
In April , two people in the Seattle area were killed by a train in separate incidents while talking on a cellphone as they crossed railroad tracks .
That same month , a truck driver in Florida admitted that he was texting just before he drove into a schoolbus , killing a student .
Around the same time , a young man was hit by a car and killed as he talked on his cellphone while crossing the street in Montclair , New Jersey .
The train crash that took 25 lives last September in Los Angeles is believed to have been caused by an engineer who was texting on his cellphone .
Last May , a texting engineer caused another train crash in Boston , injuring 50 people .
Texting is still suspected in the DC subway accident that killed nine people in June .
An air - traffic controller talking on a good , old - fashioned landline is believed to be one of the causes of the fatal collision last month between a plane and a helicopter over the Hudson River .
The grisly list of death - by - communication goes on and on .
It ’s gotten so bad that a local police department in Wales has made a shockingly graphic film illustrating the consequences of texting as you drive .
It ’s an Internet sensation .
( Of course , half the people viewing it are probably watching it while they drive . )
Few of us take the time to notice how yesterday ’s fresh idea hardens into today ’s oppressive banality .
But the idea that technology makes us free has now become a shopworn notion in need of drastic revision .
So accelerated has communications technology become in the last 15 years that we do n’t realize how it has been almost entirely driven by the profit - motive beyond our human needs .
But rather than being the miraculous gizmos of iconoclasm and progressivism , our GPS ’s are driving us into walls , our computers are making us more isolated than ever before , and our cellphones are distracting us to destruction .
Whatever happened to the communications revolution ?
It was supposed to liberate humankind from , I guess , telephones into a brave new age of , I guess , talking to whomever we wanted when and where we wanted .
Texting contributed a further dimension of — hmmm , what is it , ah yes ! — text to the new revolution .
Now humans could communicate with each other without having to be exposed to anything human , like physical presence or tone of voice .
There was no longer any need to fear a reaction to what we were expressing .
Or at least to experience a reaction .
And that ’s the fatal problem .
I have a fondness for the Annalistes — French historians who believed that the reality of history was to be found not in great events and ideas , but in the influence of more mundane factors like climate , geography , and technology .
In the Annaliste perspective , the catastrophic nature of the cellular transformation would be an inevitable result of the nature of the technological medium .
For our wish to have a human - free experience in an SMS exchange creates an actual , utter disregard for other human lives , and for our own .
The train engineer who is texting a woman because he wants to flirt , or his friend because he needs attention , does so because he does n’t want them to be involved in his need for them .
At that moment , he can put them in his mind without bringing them into his life .
It ’s no wonder that , at that moment , he is also indifferent to the passengers in his care .
The same solipsistic recklessness applies to the cellphone - distracted driver .
The impulse itself to use a cellphone is really just short of homicidal .
The expectation — it ’s become a right — that you can call anyone at any time is , socially speaking , a violent annulment of another person ’s complicated and timebound existence .
It ’s a total denial that people exist outside our need for them .
They do n’t even exist on the same sidewalk , as we bump into them while talking on our phones .
Yet there is something even more infantile , and more fundamentally disturbing , about talking and texting while we go about our daily business of mobility and work .
The compulsion to text , especially , puts us at the center of the world ’s attention .
The nice thing about texting is that someone texts you right back .
( They ’d better . )
And so you are constantly being wanted and needed .
The little vibration from your BlackBerry or iPhone against your leg has become a pleasurable biological sensation in its own right — like the sudden release of endorphins or dopamine into your brain .
That persistent cellular tingle against your flesh , or ring in your ear , is just like being a baby again .
You are being summoned and caressed all the time .
The two experiences that keep us together are love and work , and the essence of both experiences is self - surrender .
You lose yourself in a person , or in an activity .
The religious philosopher Martin Buber had an epiphany of this when , as a young boy , he stood stroking a horse .
After a while , he forgot himself , his hand , the repetition of what he was doing and felt only the horse .
The animal became a “ thou ” instead of an “ it ” — a being to be experienced rather than an instrument of gratification .
If the texting patterns of air - traffic controllers and train engineers are any indication , the self - forgetful vigilance of work is being slain by our wonderful new technology of communication .
And the respect for others ' lives — what you might call generalized love — is being abolished by the cellphone - behind - the - wheel .
Maybe it ’s time to replace the “ i ” in iPhone with a “ thou . ”
- Lee Siegel , " Gasbag Nation " , The Daily Beast , 9.4.09 .
Image : - H.P. Blavatsky , " The Secret Doctrine : The Synthesis of Science , Religion & Philosophy , Vol. II Anthropogenesis " , 1888 ) .
I 've known for a while about ways to dig into the vocabularies used in DBpedia 's massive collection of triples , and I 've used terms from these vocabularies to query for information such as Bart Simpson blackboard messages and US presidents ' ages at inauguration .
I saw these terms as " field " names to use when querying this body of data .
Reading the W3C RDFa spec recently , though , I was struck by one example :
< div about = " http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Einstein " > < span property =" foaf : name " > Albert Einstein</ span > < span property =" dbp:dateOfBirth " datatype= " xsd:date " > 1879-03-14</span > < div rel= " dbp:birthPlace " resource = " http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany " >
< span property=" dbp:conventionalLongName " > Federal Republic of Germany </ span > </div > </div >
This particular example demonstrates how to chain statements together with shared resource references , but what caught my eye was the use of the http://dbpedia.org/resource/ namespace to reference Albert Einstein and Germany and the http://dbpedia.org/property/ namespace ( here represented as " dbp : " ) for the factual property " birthPlace " .
In other words , here were two DBpedia vocabularies being used not to query DBpedia , but to model data completely outside of the context of DBpedia , because they offered straighforward , dereferencable URIs for these things .
I 'm not saying that these are the first vocabularies to check when you need URIs for people , places , concepts , or properties , but they could be the best second or third places to go to if your domain offers no clear choice for a vocabulary that meets your needs .
For example , I 'd prefer the Linked Movie Database URI of http://data.linkedmdb.org/page/film/2674 for Truffaut 's film " Shoot the Piano Player " over DBpedia 's http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shoot_the_Piano_Player, despite the latter 's greater readability , because for one thing , the linkedmdb.org page for Shoot the Piano Player includes data about this resource being owl : sameAs the resource http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shoot_the_Piano_Player, making it easy for queries about this movie to tie the Linked Movie Database and DBpedia metadata together .
The more important reason , though , is that as far as I can tell , the Linked Movie Database project team has worked out a specific property vocabulary as part of their project , while the DBpedia one has grown more organically , leading to many more strange edge cases among the well - chosen terms .
While the Library of Congress Subject Headings provide a solid , professional taxonomy and a set of URIs for a wide variety of subjects and concepts , they do n't have them for places or people .
( They might have one for London ( England ) - - History , but they do n't have one for " London ( England ) " . )
So , while they have a URI for the concept of sightings of Elvis Presley since his death , they have no URI for Elvis himself .
Nor do they have one for Einstein , and I do n't know what well - known vocabulary does , so the RDFa spec 's authors went with the DBpedia URI for the famous physicist .
( Interestingly , the Library of Congress Subject Headers do cover fictitious characters such as Holden Caulfield and even the Simpsons ' Comic Book Guy . )
To describe facts about Einstein , the FOAF vocabulary includes many good properties for describing a person , but none to identify the day a person was born , so the RDFa spec 's authors used the DBpedia http://dbpedia.org/property/dateOfBirth property .
It 's easy enough to check whether DBpedia has a URI for a person , place , or thing by going to the appropriate Wikipedia page ( watch out for redirects ) and replacing the http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ part of its URI with http://dbpedia.org/page/.
I have a bookmarklet called wp -> dbpedia that makes this replacement and takes me from a Wikipedia page to the corresponding DBpedia page with one click .
If you drag that link to your bookmarks toolbar , it should work for you .
To look for a property name you might need , you can check a DBpedia page for a resource that may have had that property assigned to it .
You can also download an ntriples or csv file in your choice of 14 languages from DBpedia 's Download Page .
The compressed version of infoboxproperties_en.nt , the ntriples version of the English language properties , was 606K , which decompression expanded to over 13 megs .
With two ntriples per property , as shown in their brief sample of the file , it 's pretty verbose , so I wrote a perl script to trim it down to just one property name per line , without the full URLs , bringing the size of the list down to 49,122 lines and about 879K .
The list fun to skim through .
There are a lot of goofy properties in there ; worldSnookerChampionshipRoundsProperty99 has 98 more to go with it .
So how do you know which ones are worth using ?
I like metadata that 's really about existing data , and it's easy to use DBpedia 's SPARQL query form to ask about resources that have a particular property assigned .
Entering the following query there showed me that over 50 people have had worldSnookerChampionshipRoundsProperty99 values assigned to them :
SELECT DISTINCT ?s ?o WHERE { ?s < http://dbpedia.org/property/worldSnookerChampionshipRoundsProperty99>
?o }
Seeing examples of how a property was used also gives you great background in whether it 's appropriate to your needs .
The first place I 'd check , though , for appropriate DBpedia property names would be the DBpedia Ontology available from the same download page .
It 's not huge , defining metadata for about 1200 properties at this point , but it really brings the property vocabulary into ontology territory by defining domains , ranges , subclasses , and other relationships between terms that help you to get more out of them .
Outside of that ontology , plenty of other hard work continues to make the DBpedia predicate vocabulary more valuable to all of us , so it 's worth keeping an eye on the work going on around this vocabulary .
Many times you will see us refer to a product ’s ingredient statement .
In the business it ’s called an LOI or List of Ingredients .
To arm you with all the knowledge we can , we thought it would be useful to tell you a little bit about these LOIs and how you might read them .
In the United States , cosmetic manufacturers are compelled by the governing industry trade organization known as the Cosmetic , Toiletry and Fragrance Association or CTFA to include a list of ingredients on their labels .
They maintain a book known as the International Cosmetic Ingredient Dictionary and Handbook which the names of nearly all the ingredients used in cosmetic products worldwide .
It ’s quite a tome that makes groovy bedtime reading .
Why have the labels ?
The labels are required because the industry wants consumers to know exactly what chemicals they are putting on their bodies .
This will allow you to make choices as to what chemicals you want to be exposed to .
Of course , that assumes you know what any of the chemicals are , which for most consumers is not the case .
Fortunately , with the internet you can simply look up chemical names using a search engine to get more information about the compounds .
Be careful however , there are plenty of sites loaded with misinformation about perfectly safe chemicals .
Compounds like propylene glycol , mineral oil , and sodium lauryl sulfate have been slandered by biased sources all over the internet .
Read all things on the internet with a skeptical eye .
( Even the stuff you find here at the Beauty Brains ) .
What does the label mean ?
When properly written , the labels can provide you with a lot of useful information .
In the United States , any chemical above 1 % by weight in the formula is required to be listed in order of concentration .
Below 1 % the order can be anything they like .
Typically , preservatives , fragrances , and colors are listed at the end .
Let ’s look at this Jergens Natural Glow Daily Moisturizer product as an example .
Ingredients : Water , Glycerin , Cetearyl Alcohol , Petrolatum , Mineral Oil , Ceteareth 20 , Dimethicone , Glyceryl Dilaurate , Erythrulose , Persea Gratissima Fruit Extract ( Avocado ) , Avena Sativa Meal Extract ( Oat ) , Simmondsia Chinensis Seed Extract ( Jojoba ) , Calendula Officinalis Flower Extract , Olea Europaea Fruit Oil ( Olive ) , Tocopherol , Cyclopentasiloxane , Stearic Acid , Acrylates / C10 Alkyl Acrylate Crosspolymer , Methylparaben , Propylparaben , Citric Acid , Disodium EDTA , Sodium Hydroxide , DMDM Hydantoin , BHT , Fragrance , Caramel , Titanium Dioxide , Mica , Dihydroxyacetone
The first ingredient is water which means this formula is mostly water .
Based on this Brain ’s knowledge of lotions , it is about 80 % water .
Glycerin is the next most abundant ingredient probably in there at about 5 % .
The next few ingredients are anywhere from 1 - 3 % .
Look at other skin lotions .
I bet you find many of the same ingredients listed in the first line .
Now , when you get to a “ natural ” sounding ingredient like Persea Gratissima Fruit Extract you know you ’ve dropped below the magic 1 % level .
This is where manufacturers can start to make things look different .
Generally , natural ingredients are so expensive and ineffective that only a very small amount is in there .
Most manufacturers like to throw lots of these “ feature ” ingredients in the formula just so they have something to talk about and to show their formula are different .
The truth is the real functional work of the product is done by the ingredients above this 1 % line .
This is n’t strictly true as there are many ingredients that give quite good benefits below the 1 % level , but generally it ’s true .
The more abundant a material , the more function it will have .
Beauty Brain ’s Bottom Line
Ingredient lists are included on your cosmetics to give you useful information about the products you use everyday .
They are put together following specific rules and if you know these , you can learn a lot about a product .
The next time you ’re thinking of spending $ 25 on that upscale hair conditioner , compare the ingredient list to the $ 3 bottle .
You might be surprised by the striking similarities .
What has changed since the last papal visit in 1982 ?
When I read the reports from 27 years ago , one answer leaped right out : it is the collapse of Anglican self - confidence , which has gone hand in hand with the collapse of English or British pretensions , too .
In 1982 , Enoch Powell could write to the Times pointing out that if the pope set foot in this country it would prove that the Queen could not be " on earth the supreme governor of the Church of England " .
In 2009 no one of importance supposes that she might be .
Pope John Paul II arrived in the middle of the Falklands war , which seemed at the time to many people like a return to past glories but now seems to be almost certainly the last war that Britain will ever fight in defence of its own former empire .
Nowadays , of course , we 're merely barbarian auxiliaries for the emperor in Washington .
But it was n't just the British or English self - esteem which has plummeted since then .
It is also the self - confidence of the Church of England .
The idea that " Anglicanism " was one of the great historical branches of Christianity , and that Canterbury could be named alongside Rome , Geneva , and Byzantium , turns out to have been , like the Falklands , a mere dream of empire .
The Vatican is still a temporal , political power as well as a spiritual one ; but it has largely negotiated the painful and sometimes bloody transition from being a state - based power to an international or transnational one .
The Church of England shows no signs of doing so .
The idea that Anglicanism could be a " middle way " between Protestantism and popery looked credible to many learned and intelligent men and even a few women only 30 years ago .
Now it is shattered .
No one , least of all Rowan Williams , thinks that the Archbishop of Canterbury should run the Anglican communion , and no one , except perhaps Williams , thinks that he can .
What changed ?
Most of all , it was the ordination of women .
The question of whether Anglican men could be priests could be , and had been , delicately fudged .
It could be understood in terms of 16th century disputes which – like justification or transubstantiation – became almost insubstantial when viewed from four hundred years later .
But the question of whether any women , ever , could be priests could not be fudged in that way , and Pope John Paul II was convinced they could not be .
( Curiously , it is Pope Benedict XVI , then Cardinal Ratzinger , who is credited with persuading him that he could not declare this infallibly . )
Against this , it became obvious that a large Protestant and evangelical minority of the Church of England did not believe that anyone could be a priest in the way the Catholics , in and out of the Roman church , believe they are , while the larger , much less theologically distinct but still protestant majority believed that women could and must be ordained .
They had no interest in the pope 's opinions , and , it turns out , no patience with fellow Anglicans who did .
I remember watching one of the interminable Synod debates on the matter with my Catholic friend Clifford Longley , who turned to me half - way through an immensely learned and principled speech against the ordination of women to say that if Rome were to decide in favour of women all of these principles would vanish in an instant .
He was right .
Essentially , the Anglo - Catholic minority in the Synod wished to assert the authority of the pope without themselves actually submitting to it .
When they lost the final vote , and were themselves put to the question hardly any , even then , could bring themselves to submit and most of them turned their abundant destructive energies to fighting over homosexuality instead .
What the ordination of women made clear was that Anglicanism , or at least , the Church of England , was now an ultimately democratic body , which decided matters of even the ultimate importance through a contorted voting system .
This change has been reinforced by another : the church has been forced to step down into the marketplace and raise its money from living congregations rather than relying on endowments .
Again , this tends to increase the influence of the laity and diminish that of the hierarchy .
Meanwhile , the Roman Catholic church has to all appearances headed in the opposite direction .
John Paul II was a notably authoritarian figure , and the present pope acted as his enforcer among theologians .
The ban on artificial contraception , believed by almost no one who might actually have to use it , has been used as a shibboleth to ensure that only " orthodox " bishops are promoted .
The reforms of the second Vatican Council which had seemed to empower the sort of middle class educated laity who run the Church of England have been repudiated or reinterpreted in the Vatican .
Yet the story is not as simple as it seems , there .
The Catholic church in this country is much less disciplined and united than it was in 1982 .
In part this is a result of growing self - confidence .
It no longer feels like a suspect minority .
But it has also imported some of the bitter quarrels between left and right and their tone of personal nastiness which have shaped the American church .
Those do n't look democratic , but in a sense they are , since they proceed from the American laity 's self - confidence , which has led both sides to lecture successive popes on what they should be doing .
The pope , however , has taken no more notice of exhortations from the right to defend American capitalism and bless the invasion of Iraq than he has of exhortations from the left to be realistic about contraception , or to allow women priests .
What no one could have foreseen in 1982 was the collapse of Catholic Ireland in a welter of scandal and disillusionment – if anyone had then said that in 30 years time there would be no seminaries at all in that country they would have been thought mad .
The Church of England , by contrast , has more priests than it can afford , and so finds it very convenient that nearly a quarter are women , of whom less than half are actually paid .
So we 're going to hear a lot , in the coming year , from Catholic laity claiming that this visit will demonstrate who is Top Church ; and Catholic clergy denying that the thought had ever crossed their minds , or could , in a way that makes it quite clear that they believe it too .
And there will be a great deal more , louder , and self - confident atheist protest than there was last time .
But I think that all parties will be disappointed .
The atheists will be shocked by the degree of public interest in the spectacle and by the persistence and vigour of Catholic intellectual life .
The Anglicans will look , and feel , amateurish by contrast .
And the Catholics , when the shouting and the tumult has receded , will still have far too few priests , dull bishops , and as their most famous layman , Tony Blair .
Ultima - Worlds of Adventure 2 - Martian Dreams
Ultima : Worlds of Adventure 2 - Martian Dreams is an RPG adventure and the second and , unfortunately , last game in the Worlds of Ultima series by Origin Systems Inc .
Made in 1991 , one year after it 's predecessor , Martian Dreams has graphics that give the game a truly realistic feel .
In Martian Dreams , the story begins when a group of well - known scientists including Nichola Tesla and Sigmund Freud are accidentally launched to Mars in a rocket that was being displayed at the 1893 Chicago world 's expedition .
Many centuries into the future , a group of men from Earth doing excavating on Mars find a note and a book on time travel dated 1893 , written by some well known people in history , including the excavators themselves , asking for help .
These scientists use the time travel instructions to travel back in time and help the greatest minds escape the red planet and the sinister race that lives there .
The controls in the game uses a combination of the mouse and the keyboard .
You move your character with the keyboard .
Controls for looking , get and so forth go like this .
Lets say you want to get something .
All you do is move near the object , then you click get and move the arrow over the object .
The same gos for fighting and so forth .
Like in all RPG's when you defeat a creature on Mars you gain experience .
The more exp . you get , the stronger you will become .
This game has something that is not seen in many Ultima games and is what made Ultima - The False Prophet unique .
This game has a character design system .
After the intro , click create new character .
Your character will then be placed on a bed in front of Sigmund Freud .
Freud will ask you questions that will alter your characters strength , moods , fears and so on .
NOTE : only after you create a new character will you be able to play the game .
As far as the graphics , they are superb and they look as good as all Ultima graphics do .
The cutscenes are well done , played , and they tell the story very well .
The characters are well designed , accurate , and historical .
The sound and music in the game sounds orchestrated and adds a nice feel to the game .
This is definitely a must - try game for fans of the Ultima series and fans of excellent RPGs .
NOTE : Must be run in pure DOS or through DOSBox .
Part of the Ultima Series
The army helicopter known as Boise 83 hovers around farm country in Adams County at about 500 feet , making circles and loops .
Boise is military code for a helicopter aiding in a drug enforcement operation ; 83 is the number of the helicopter that would eradicate 300 marijuana plants -- $ 600,000 in street value -- on Wednesday alone .
The helicopter 's crew , Pennsylvania National Guard Capt .
Ernie Carlson and Cpl. Kenny Hassinger of the Pennsylvania State Troop H Vice Unit , scan the fields with naked eyes trained to look for bright , neon green stalks of marijuana plants , sometimes up to 7 feet high .
Carlson makes his presence known to the state trooper cars down below , who 'll he 'll guide to the source once the plants are spotted from the air .
It 's high season for destroying marijuana plants , and the Pennsylvania National Guard counterdrug program , run by National Guardsmen out of Fort Indiantown Gap , think they 'll surpass last season 's haul .
More than 8,000 marijuana plants were seized by the operation between June and October of 2008 .
There are two types of plants the counterdrug operation typically finds across the state each summer : " corn dope " -- plants grown in corn fields ; and " scrub dope " -- plants grown in the woods , typically marked off by barbed chicken wire .
The plants sport bulbs at the bottom , looking like homegrown , potted tomato plants .
That 's because most of the marijuana grown in Pennsylvania starts out as potted , indoor plants .
Seeds are typically purchased on the Internet , Hassinger says .
The National Guard 's counterdrug operation spends about two weeks with each state trooper unit .
Local and state police troops get new tips about where marijuana is being grown every year .
Many times , the state troopers and guardsmen know from years of experience that pot is typically being grown in a general area .
That 's the case Wednesday .
Hovering 500 feet above , Carlson directs the undercover troopers : " In the middle of the field there .
...
Go one row up .
Now skip 10 . "
Sometimes , the troopers will see someone on a nearby ATV , and follow them for questioning .
Today , there is no suspect .
At the end of the day , the 300 - plant haul of marijuana is logged into evidence at the state police barracks in Gettysburg .
Then they 'll take a torch and diesel fuel to the plants to destroy them .
MOSCOW 
Weeks before the opening of its flagship store outside Moscow in 2000 , Ikea was approached by employees of a local utility company .
If the Swedish retailer wanted to have electricity for its grand opening , it had to pay a bribe .
Instead , Ikea rented diesel generators large enough to power a shopping mall .
The generators roared to life in a loud rebuke to the corrupt executives who thought they had the retailer cornered , and soon the utility turned on the power .
As Ikea opened stores across Russia , and became one of the most outspoken Western corporate critics of Russian corruption , renting generators to thwart extortion from power companies became standard practice .
Ikea executives took great pride in their creative solution  renting generators “ instead of putting ourselves into a squeeze , ” as Christer Thordson , an Ikea board member and global director of legal affairs , put it in an interview .
But Russian graft may have proved more stubborn than Ikea .
The board of Ikea ’s operating company , which is based in the Netherlands , has concluded that the Russian executive hired to manage the generators was taking kickbacks from the rental company to substantially inflate the price of the service .
Ikea said that such a fraud could cost it about $ 196 million over two years .
Here 's a lovely interview with an alumnus of the Shippensburg Adventure Game Camp , a residential D&D camp for 10 - 17 year olds held at Shippensburg College ( now Shippensburg University ) in Pennsylvania .
Campers played a series of rotating adventures in aged - grouped parties , with the councillors comparing notes behind the scenes to keep all the groups in synch and to ensure maximum fun and mayhem for all the players .
They unwound with improv games .
I attended a D&D day camp around this time , 1983 or so , at Harbourfront in Toronto .
We painted lead miniatures ( I still love doing this ) and had guest - lectures from medieval weapons freaks , a ninjitsu master , and a science fiction writer named Edward Llewellyn , who was the first published sf writer I ever met .
He signed a copy of one of his books for me and I obsessively sought out and read his entire oeuvre .
And of course we played lots of D&D .
I still remember that as one of the most fun summer activities I ever got to participate in .
Shippensburg Adventure Game Camp ran in the summers of 1981 through 1985 .
There were two one - week sessions , each Sunday evening through Friday afternoon .
I found out about it because the teacher we had convinced to sponsor the school D&D group got a flier for it when it was first organized .
Campers were divided into different gaming groups at the beginning of the week , with councilors doubling as DMs .
There were morning lectures ( seriously ) with gaming in the afternoon .
All the groups played through the same adventure , written specifically for the camp .
It was n't an actual tournament , but each group pretty much tried to get as far as possible before the end of the week — a slightly rigged process as I found out once I became a councilor .
The same campers could come sign up for both weeks , but obviously that was n't the intention because they'd be playing in the same adventure twice .
There were a lot of other summer camps going on at the Shippensburg campus at the same time : baseball , tennis , cheerleading , etc .
Everybody stayed in the dorms , with different buildings for different camp groups , but lectures and afternoon gaming were in other campus buildings .
One time at D&D camp …
( Thanks , Fipi Lele ! )
People contribute to free software in many ways .
Some write the stuff ; some write * about * the stuff , spreading the word ; and some actually spread open source directly by giving away systems to those who need them .
We hear a lot about the stars of first group , and the second group make a lot of noise on their own .
But too often we take the third group for granted .
I want to talk about one of the unsung heroes of open source – someone who has helped many , and now needs a little help from us .
His name is Ken Starks , although he 's better known as Helios .
Here 's what he does with a few like - minded people :
The HeliOS Project is a non-profit organization that obtains old or repairable computers , refurbishes them and then gives them to disadvantaged kids in the Central Texas area .
We have delivered our machines as far away as Wichita Falls Texas .
Some of our laptop machines have been donated to people going on missions in Tonga , Eastern Europe and Africa .
To this date , we should install our 1000th computer by November 2009 .
Even if you 've never come across Helios and the HeliOS Project , you probably read about Helios ' run-in last December with a teacher who was somewhat sceptical about whether software could ever be free :
The student was showing the ability of the laptop and handing out Linux disks .
After confiscating the disks I called a confrence with the student and that is how I came to discover you and your organization .
Mr. Starks , I am sure you strongly believe in what you are doing but I cannot either support your efforts or allow them to happen in my classroom .
At this point , I am not sure what you are doing is legal .
No software is free and spreading that misconception is harmful .
This gives an indication of the depth of ignorance that still exists in some parts of the educational system – and why the HeliOS Project is still so important .
Last week , the indefatigable Helios was hard at work :
Two months ago , Christina Collazo contacted me and asked if I was up to a challenge .
She had been tasked with putting together an East Austin Computer Learning Center and did n't really know how to do it .
We do ...
And we did .
...
With the temperature already in the mid-90's , we arrived at the back entrance of the Cristo Rey Catholic Church ... this is the wonderful place that houses the Learning Center .
Carrying in huge CRT monitors , computer boxes and various and asundry fixtures , this team went to work transforming a barren room into a place of learning and hope .
A place powered by the will of a global community .
A place powered by Linux .
There 's not a lot to tell about the process ... a lot of heavy labor , younger knees than mine crawling under tables to connect cat 5 to the adjoining sockets ... testing , adjusting , testing , replacing , testing ... and ultimately ...
Success .
Actually , there was one more thing to “ tell about the process ” - something that the ever - modest Sparks was clearly reluctant to bother people with :
yesterday I collapsed while carrying a computer uspstairs .
Lost complete consciousness and was transported to the nearest hospital where I was admitted for tests .
Diagonis was extreme exhaustion and dehydration .
I am home now with orders to stay either in bed or in my home as quietly as possible .
I am still very weak ... who knew ...?
But it gets worse :
I do have a problem though .
My copay for the stay is 300 dollars and I just do n't have it .
That 's not counting the ambulance ride , which is outrageous I hear .
I have never come to the community and asked for personal donations , but being a non profit I cannot stand for any delinquent payments or bills .
If you can see your way clear to give me a hand , I would sure consider it at 180 day loan .
How could we refuse ?
Here is a man who is almost killing himself to get open source into the hands of people who could benefit , someone who has selflessly and tirelessly given , and who finds himself in need of a hand .
There 's a Donate button in the left - hand column of the blog of Helios ; a comment to the above post indicates that money sent to that general HeliOS Project account can be used for Starks ' emergency needs , and this seems the easiest way to get money to him .
I 've given $ 10 , which may not be much , but if just a few dozen Linux Journal readers did the same , his hospital bills would be covered , and there might even be some money left over for the HeliOS Project too .
Oh , and BTW , Helios , I * do n't* consider it a 180 day loan : keep it – you certainly deserve it .
Follow me @glynmoody on Twitter and identi.ca .
Update : Ken has asked me to post the following as his response to the generosity of Linux Journal readers :
Even as a Linux Advocate , there was a time I denied your existence ...
The " Linux Community " .
In fact , I have been quoted more than once as saying :
" There is no Linux Community .
The best we 've achieved is in forming warring factions that use the vast real estate of the Internet to wage bloody war against each other . "
Recent events , prior to my illness have changed my mind and I publicly apologized for such foolish thoughts .
But this ... this outpouring of Love and Concern and Compassion .
It has driven me both to tears and to my knees in thanks ... in gratitude and in humility .
As much as I profess to being a writer , there are no words , no means of expression to convey my thanks to the hundreds of people that helped me .
And trust me ... it was needed .
The very best I can hope for is that whoever looks over you , place a gentle hand on your shoulder and gives you a loving squeeze .
I am so indebted to you , so thankful for the Linux Community , all I can do to repay you is to make sure that I live up to the expectations you have for me .
I give you my solemn oath that I will do so .
Abstract
Context Antioxidant supplements are used for prevention of several diseases .
Objective
To assess the effect of antioxidant supplements on mortality in randomized primary and secondary prevention trials .
Data Sources and Trial Selection
We searched electronic databases and bibliographies published by October 2005 .
All randomized trials involving adults comparing beta carotene , vitamin A , vitamin C ( ascorbic acid ) , vitamin E , and selenium either singly or combined vs placebo or vs no intervention were included in our analysis .
Randomization , blinding , and follow - up were considered markers of bias in the included trials .
The effect of antioxidant supplements on all - cause mortality was analyzed with random - effects meta-analyses and reported as relative risk ( RR ) with 95 % confidence intervals ( CIs ) .
Meta -regression was used to assess the effect of covariates across the trials .
Data Extraction
We included 68 randomized trials with 232 606 participants ( 385 publications ) .
Data Synthesis
When all low - and high - bias risk trials of antioxidant supplements were pooled together there was no significant effect on mortality ( RR , 1.02 ; 95 % CI , 0.98 -1.06 ) .
Multivariate meta-regression analyses showed that low - bias risk trials ( RR , 1.16 ; 95 % CI , 1.05 - 1.29 ) and selenium ( RR , 0.998 ; 95 % CI , 0.997-0.9995 ) were significantly associated with mortality .
In 47 low - bias trials with 180 938 participants , the antioxidant supplements significantly increased mortality ( RR , 1.05 ; 95 % CI , 1.02 -1.08 ) .
In low - bias risk trials , after exclusion of selenium trials , beta carotene ( RR , 1.07 ; 95 % CI , 1.02 - 1.11 ) , vitamin A ( RR , 1.16 ; 95 % CI , 1.10 - 1.24 ) , and vitamin E ( RR , 1.04 ; 95 % CI , 1.01 - 1.07 ) , singly or combined , significantly increased mortality .
Vitamin C and selenium had no significant effect on mortality .
Conclusions Treatment with beta carotene , vitamin A , and vitamin E may increase mortality .
The potential roles of vitamin C and selenium on mortality need further study .
Thu ,
13/08/2009 - 5:36 pm
The comments section of yesterday 's post on the shark fin protest by Ran Elfassy of Shark Rescue is on fire and well worth checking out .
Yesterday , a visitor to the blog by the name of John Gulliver left a post about talking about the oft percieved exclusivity of Shark Fin Soup due to its high price .
PHOTO CREDIT : PAUL HILTON PHOTOGRAPHY
Well here 's the shocker .
Contrary to popular misconception , shark fin is not expensive anymore , and the reasons for this I have set out in my response to John Gulliver further down this page .
For obvious reasons , a cheaper bowl of shark fin soup is catastrophic for the remaining global shark population .
It does n't take a noble prize economist to work out that as shark fin becomes cheaper , more shark fin will be consumed by more people .
This in turn will speed up the vicious cycle hastening their extinction .
Is this the beginning of the end ?
Before going into the economics of the market price for shark fin , I want to share my research on various shark fin promotions around town that I have seen this year .
Here , in descending order of price , are the various shark fin promotions I found : -
1 ) A current promotion at the Marco Polo Hotel in Hong Kong , where you get a buffet with all kinds of stuff coated in shark fin for HK$ 328 ( US $ 42.30 ) per adult , which is less than half the " upwards of US $ 100 a bowl " price one often sees quoted around quite a bit .
Fancy shark fin jelly anyone ?
( Strangely enough , this is the same hotel that recently promised it would no longer sell the highly endangered blue fin tuna .
Not sure why the left hand does n't know what the right hand is doing at the Marco Polo , but hey . )
2 ) Going down the scale , here 's an unlimited shark fin buffet you could find a few months ago at The Metropark Hotel for HK $ 238 ( US $ 30.70 ) per adult .
This is less than two thirds the usual clichéd US $ 100 a bowl price :-
PHOTO CREDIT : PAUL HILTON PHOTOGRAPHY
At the bottom end , check out this review from the main Hong Kong restaurant review website Open Rice for a cheap shark fin promotion combo meal including shark fin soup for HK$ 59 ( US $ 7.61 ) which you could find in May this year at MX , part of of Maxim 's Group .
That 's less than 8 % of the price of that urban myth US $ 100 a bowl of shark fin soup !
Now will people believe me ?
The above review translated into English :
The latest dinner menu item on offer is a ' shark fin in chicken broth ' combo for HK $ 59 , which includes a bowl of rice , a side dish and a cup of tea .
The main dish is shark fin soup with half a chicken and real shark fin .
What you get really does look like what you see on the promotional leaflet .
The soup itself is the main attraction , as it's made of air - dried ham according to the promotional leaflet , but it tastes far worse than what you would get in a proper ( ie non fast food ) restaurant .
The pork tasted bland , but the chicken meat was tender .
A good thing was that there was n't too much MSG .
To sum up , a fast food restaurant should always serve cheap food , but serving high - end food such as shark fin with a cheap price tag is actually quite off - putting .
And finally , here 's that same cheap shark fin promo at MX , this time in a gushing advertorial in the local Hong Kong daily Wen Wei Po .
A brief translation of the part of the advertorial that refers to the price is as follows :- Cheap price for a superb shark fin soup made with the best ingredients including chicken , air - dried ham .
Simmered for hours etc etc ...
Now that I have debunked that common myth of the high price of shark fin soup , here 's my ( slightly re-edited ) response to John Gulliver : -
Money is scarce all over the place .
Summertime means we do n't need to heat our homes and gas bills are smaller but it also means that most of us need to find some way to keep cool without breaking the bank .
Have no fear , there are quite a few common sense methods to reduce summer cooling costs and to trim your electric bill in general .
Maybe you 've heard some or all of these tips before .
In that case , take this as a reminder to implement them this summer .
Here are three related scenarios :
You own the DVD of a good movie , but you never watch it .
But if that movie happens to come on TV–even mangled by commercials – you ’ll see it the whole way through .
Your manager thinks consultants , or maybe a prospective hire that ’s not on the team yet , know much more than you–even if there is ample evidence to the contrary .
You find the uppity sorority chick highly attractive , even though you generally dislike arrogance as a personality trait .
For the movie , this is a simple matter of the TV version being temporary , and therefore attractive .
For the manager the thought is that the current employee could n’t be that good if he ’s working here .
And for the arrogant little hottie , the message she ’s sending is that she ’s unattainable to you , which , of course , makes her desirable .
The Connection
These situations are all joined by a single concept–that things you have are less valuable than things you do n’t have , and , similarly , anything that made a choice to associate with you ca n’t possibly be that valuable .
This is a dark , depressing force that pushes many through a life of want and disappointment , and the single common denominator is having a low self - worth .
It also yields perhaps the most important metric for spiritual maturity , and perhaps no less than the path to happiness : the lack of desire to accumulate things you do n’t have just because you do n’t have them .
Evaluate
Look around at your material possessions .
Honestly ask yourself what drove you to attain those things .
Enumerate the things you currently desire in life , and ask yourself what drives you to want them .
If you are open in your self - discovery you might find that most of your material possessions were attained in order to reduce how much you dislike yourself .
And most of the things you currently want probably also fit that same description .
Consider the possibility that the number of things you have , and currently seek , is inversely proportional to how happy you are as a person .
And if you accept this as truth , embark on a new quest to figure out what could lead to you being happy with nothing . ::
It ’s hard to watch France ’s political and cultural elite rush to support filmmaker Roman Polanski against extradition to the United States on a decades - old sex charge and not wonder exactly how they interpret the national motto “ liberté , égalité , fraternité . ”
It ’s tempting to ask whether they ’re defending the liberty to break the law and skip town , respecting the equality of all before the law and championing a brotherhood of artists who can do no wrong .
( Photo : Roman Polanski , 19 Feb 2009 / Hannibal Hanschke )
Here in Paris , Foreign Minister Bernard Kouchner declared the arrest was “ a bit sinister … frankly , ( arresting ) a man of such talent recognised around the world , recognised in the country where he was arrested — that ’s not very nice . ”
He and his Polish counterpart have written to Secretary of State Hillary Clinton about the issue .
Culture Minister Frédéric Mitterrand said “ just as there is a generous America that we like , there ’s also an America that scares us , and that ’s the America that has just shown us its face . ”
Directors , actors and intellectuals have been signing a petition demanding Polanski ’s immediate release .
Almost all the focus is on the argument that Polanski is a brilliant director , the charge of unlawful sex with a 13 - year old dates back to 1977 and the victim herself says she wants the whole issue to be forgotten .
Almost completely ignored is the fact that he fled the U.S. to escape sentencing , which added a crime to the original crime .
There is such a widespread assumption that all artists and intellectuals would automatically support Polanski that Paris papers today — both the left - of - centre Libération and the conservative Le Figaro — wrote with an air of surprise that Hollywood was not storming the barricades to back him .
The French Greens leader Daniel Cohn - Bendit made headlines by bucking the trend and saying he was “ ill at ease ” with the rush to absolve Polanski of raping a minor and the culture minister should have been more cautious in his comments .
Across the Atlantic , by contrast , Hollywood ’s hometown paper , the Los Angeles Times , reviewed the objections by Polanski ’s supporters and concluded : “ Plausible or preposterous , these arguments are eclipsed by a simple fact : Polanski fled the country … the Justice Department and L.A. ’s district attorney are right to seek extradition . ”
And almost nobody in the media here in France asks the tough questions that Fr. Tom Reese , S.J. ( photo at right ) did in his Washington Post blog post entitled “ Father Polanski would go to jail ” :
“ Polanski ’s defenders … argue that he should not be punished .
They say that the girl was willing and sexually experienced and she has forgiven him ( after receiving a settlement ) .
They even cite his tragic childhood and life as an excuse .
And besides , it is ancient history .
Such arguments from paedophile priests would be laughed out of court and lambasted by everyone , and rightly so …
“ The Catholic Church has rightly been put under a microscope when 4 percent of its priests were involved in abuse , but what about the film industry ?
The world has truly changed .
Entertainment is the new religion with sex , violence and money the new Trinity .
The directors and stars are worshipped and quickly forgiven for any infraction as long as the PR agent is as skilled as a saintly confessor .
Entertainment , not religion , is the new opiate of the people and we do n’t want our supply disturbed .
“ Is there a double standard here ?
You bet . ”
There ’s a lot to say about the different ways Americans and French approach the law .
But let ’s go right to Tom Reese ’s question .
Do you think Polanski ’s supporters cut him slack they would n’t think of permitting for a paedophile priest ?
Is the entertainment industry setting our values ?
Follow FaithWorld on Twitter at RTRFaithWorld
' scuz mi . . . do u no any ac / dc ?
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
But Obama ’s promise sent the reform effort off the rails .
It meant that efforts to expand coverage marched ahead , but efforts to fundamentally reform the system got watered down .
Instead of true reform we got a series of bills that essentially cement the present system in place .
The proposals do not fundamentally challenge the fee - for - service system .
They do n’t make Americans more accountable for their own health care spending .
They do n’t reduce costs .
They just add more people into the mess we ’ve got .
The president made this promise to ease passage .
But it ended up hollowing out the substance of the reform .
And the political benefits did n’t even materialize .
Voters are still spooked by the costs , the centralization and the cuts they are sure will come .
If I had a magic hour with the president , I ’d tell him this is his ninth - inning chance .
He can stay on the current path .
He might be able to pass some incremental bill that extends coverage .
But he wo n’t have tackled the fundamental problems that first drove him to this issue .
He wo n’t have cut health care inflation .
He wo n’t have prevented a voracious system from bankrupting the nation , defunding the schools , pushing down wages and impoverishing the young .
On the other hand , he can shift back to the core issue : the perverse incentives that make this system such a mess .
He can embrace proposals like the Brookings proposals or , more comprehensively , the Wyden - Bennett bill  that address the structural problems instead of simply papering over them .
This remains a politically risky strategy .
There are many industries that have an interest in making sure health care spending rises to 20 percent of G.D.P. , and then 22 and then 24 .
But the president ’s in political hot water already .
He got there trying to dodge the hard issues .
He might as well be there because he ’s fighting for something real .
There are many people telling him to go incremental .
They ’re telling him to just enlarge the current system a bit and pay for it by pounding down a few Medicare fees .
But did Barack Obama really get elected so he could pass the Status Quo Sanctification and Extension Act ?
This is not the time to get incremental .
It ’s the time to get fundamental .
Reform the incentives .
Make consumers accountable for spending .
Make price information transparent .
Reward health care , not health services .
Do what you set out to do .
Bring change .
C - Murder released his last album , Screamin ' 4 Vengeance , in 2007
Rapper C-Murder has been convicted of second - degree murder for the 2002 shooting of a teenage fan in Louisiana , at his second trial in the killing .
The jury returned a 10 - 2 verdict on the second day of deliberations .
The rapper - real name Corey Miller - was jailed for life in 2003 , but won a retrial over witness testimony .
He faces a mandatory life sentence .
The 16 - year - old fan , Steven Thomas , was shot outside a nightclub , where he had taken part in a rapping contest .
" I 'm not rejoicing , " George Thomas , the boy 's father , was quoted as saying by AP news agency .
" I feel bad for [ Miller 's ] family .
But at least they can see him .
What have we got but a gravesite and a photograph , " he added .
The 38 - year - old musician 's lawyer declined to comment .
His family has vowed to fight the latest conviction over the shooting in Harvey , Louisiana .
A district judge ordered Miller 's retrial in 2004 on the grounds that prosecution witnesses had failed to disclose their criminal history .
Miller has been in jail since May , after pleading no contest to two counts of attempted murder in a separate Baton Rouge nightclub altercation in 2001 .
He is due to be sentenced later this month in that case .
His last album , Screamin ' 4 Vengeance , was released in 2007 .
A judge in the US city of Phoenix has ordered the continued detention of two nine - year - old boys accused of helping in the gang rape of a girl , aged eight .
The judge in the capital of the state of Arizona said they would be held while the case was being investigated .
Two other boys , aged 13 and 14 , are also accused of kidnapping and sexual assault in July .
All the four suspects are Liberian refugees .
The case has sparked outrage across the US and also in Liberia .
Chewing gum
The girl , who is also from Liberia , is now under the care of the Arizona Child Protective Service after her parents said she had shamed them and they did not want her back .
The police have said no charges will be filed against the parents .
The girl was allegedly lured by the four boys into a shed on 16 July with promises of chewing gum .
There , they reportedly held her down and took turns assaulting her for 10 to 15 minutes , before her screams alerted officers nearby .
The file - sharing application LimeWire recently introduced a new feature that allows users to share files with friends on Facebook .
Many LimeWire users were enthusiastic about the Facebook integration , but Facebook itself was n't too happy and asked LimeWire to either disable it , or have it done for them .
LimeWire is by far the most used filesharing application , with a market share of approximately 35 % .
The client recently updated its BitTorrent support and added the option to share files with friends on Facebook , a feature that thousands of users reviewed positively .
Despite the good reviews from LimeWire users on the latest release , the management at Facebook was not amused .
After having blocked The Pirate Bay ’s “ Share on Facebook ” feature , the Internet ’s largest social network has now threatened LimeWire that it will share the same fate .
Jason Herskowit , Vice President Product Management at LimeWire told TorrentFreak that Facebook has requested a number of changes to LimeWire ’s Facebook integration after they introduced the new feature .
LimeWire quickly complied with these requests , but that was not good enough .
“ Unfortunately , this week we were contacted again .
This time not with a change request , but with a notice that they were going to disable the feature , ” Jason explained .
“ Rather than leave the users with a broken LimeWire , we decided to disable the feature before they did so .
As an avid user of both Facebook and LimeWire myself , I am as disappointed by this as anyone . ”
“ It is unfortunate for us all , particularly considering that LimeWire and Facebook share the common vision of being ‘ a place to connect and share ’ .
We hope to find a way to work with Facebook to re-enable the features that you guys continue to ask for and we sincerely apologize for having to remove this feature in the near - term , ” Jason added .
Facebook has yet to issue a statement on the LimeWire ban but it is likely that the company does n’t want to be associated with file - sharing applications or sites , even though they are perfectly legal .
After The Pirate Bay was blocked a Facebook spokesperson told TorrentFreak : “ Facebook respects copyrights and our Terms of Service prohibits placement of ‘ Share on Facebook ’ links on sites that contain any content that is infringing , ” and it seems that they will do the same to applications that can possibly be used to download copyrighted content .
Facebook was asked for a comment but they have yet to respond .
The good news for BitTorrent users is that the share feature on The Pirate Bay is working again , as the site ’s operators have implemented a workaround that lifted the block .
Feel free to share this article on Facebook while you still can .
By Laura Sessions Stepp
Alicia * has been out of college for
three years , and by most measures ,
she 's doing great :
She has a good job
as a consultant , a high - rise condo , and
a boyfriend her friends envy .
But in
one disquieting way , she has not been
able to leave her college self behind .
She is haunted by the memory of
something that occurred one night
years ago — a sexual encounter and an
unanswered question : Was I raped ?
This is what happened : Alicia had
asked another student , Kevin , to be
her " platonic date " at a college sorority
formal .
The two of them went out
for dinner first with friends and then
to the dance .
She remembers that
they got drunk but not what she would
call sloppy wasted .
After the dance , they went to Kevin's
room and , eventually , started making
out .
She told him flat out that she
did n't want it to proceed to sex , and
he said okay .
But in a few minutes , he
had pushed her down on the couch
and positioned himself on top of her .
" No . Stop , " she said softly — too
softly , she later told herself .
When he
ignored her and entered her anyway ,
she tensed up and tried to go numb
until it was over .
He fell asleep afterward ,
and she left for her dorm , " having
this dirty feeling of not knowing
what to do or who to tell or whether
it was my fault . "
While it felt like rape
to her — she had not wanted to have
sex with Kevin — she was not sure if
that 's what anyone else would call it .
" It fell into a gray area , " she said
recently .
" Maybe I was n't forceful
enough in saying I did n't want it . "
Even today , she is reluctant to call it
rape because she thinks of herself as a
strong and sexually independent
woman , not a victim .
Alicia's " gray area " experience is
something that is becoming so common ,
it has earned its own moniker :
gray rape .
It refers to sex that falls
somewhere between consent and denial
and is even more confusing than
date rape because often both parties
are unsure of who wanted what .
And it 's a surprisingly common occurrence .
The U.S. Department of
Justice estimates that 1 in 5 college
women will be raped at some point
during a five - year college career ; that
about 9 out of 10 times , the victim will
know her assailant ; and that half of all
victims will not call what happened
rape .
Sixty - two percent of female rape
victims in general say they were assaulted
by someone they knew , which
includes dates , acquaintances , and
random hookups .
Many experts feel that gray rape is
in fact often a consequence of today's
hookup culture : lots of partying and
flirting , plenty of alcohol , and ironically ,
the idea that women can be just
as bold and adventurous about sex as
men are .
How can something so potentially
empowering become so damaging ?
Cosmo investigates .
* Pseudonyms are used for those quoted with first names only .
BLURRED BOUNDARIES
A generation ago , it was easier for men
and women to understand what constituted
rape because the social rules were clearer .
Men were supposed to
be the ones coming on to women , and
women were said to be looking for
relationships , not casual sex .
But those boundaries and rules have
been loosening up for decades , and
now lots of women feel it 's perfectly
okay to go out looking for a hookup or
to be the aggressor , which may turn
out fine for them — unless the signals
get mixed or misread .
Shari Rosen , a media recruiter in
New York City , found that out on a
business trip to Los Angeles .
She and
a coworker met a man in the bar of the
hotel where they were staying .
They
ended up going with the man to a
party , and then he and Shari returned
to the hotel .
On the way in , he kissed
her deeply .
They had a few more
drinks at the hotel bar , and then he
asked if she wanted to go to his hotel
room to see some family photos .
She went to his room but after a few
minutes said she needed to go .
He
pinned her on the bed and , according
to Shari , sexually assaulted her .
She
struggled with him and managed to
escape .
Shari reported the incident to
police but did n't press charges .
Later ,
she started working on a documentary
about rape and , in the process of interviewing
rape victims , discovered
that a lot of them felt they had contributed
somewhat to what happened .
Because they thought they were ( or
should be ) in control of their bodies
and desires , says Shari , " they 'd say
things like ' I should have done this '
or ' I should n't have been in that situation . '
But they 'd also say , ' If the guy
had had respect for me , he would
have backed off . ' "
In gray - rape cases , it 's even easier
than in more clear - cut date rapes for
women to blame themselves : " If only
I had n't gone to that party , this
would n't have happened " or " If I
had n't worn such a revealing top and
come on to that hot guy .... "
Laura Taylor , who just graduated
from Cornell University , understands
why a woman in this predicament
might second - guess herself .
When she
was a sophomore , she met a fellow
student at a frat party .
They drank ,
they flirted , and then he invited her to
his apartment .
There , they kissed for
a while , and things got more heated
until Laura realized that he was taking
off her underwear and entering her .
She was drunk , but she says she was
aware enough to say no .
When he ignored
her , she froze — a common response ,
much like Alicia's — and he
continued to have sex with her .
After he finished , she put on her
clothes .
He made her hug him before
she left .
" I knew something was off ,
but I would n't have called it rape , " she
recalls .
That 's what her roommate
called it a day later , however , insisting
that Laura call the sexual - assault hotline .
Even after the hotline counselor
assured her that what had occurred
was rape , Laura could n't stop asking
herself questions like " Why did n't I
scream ? "
" Why did n't I take him on ? "
( She 's almost 6 feet tall . )
Laura did n't
press charges against her assailant .
" SHE WANTED IT "
The odd thing about the current
equal - opportunity hookup culture is
that a lot of guys may feel as uncomfortable
and confused as their dates do
when things end up in bed .
Anthony Moniello , 24 , a radio personality
for ESPN , says , " I 've had girls
tell me ' I do n't have sex on the first
night . '
And I say , ' That 's fine , I respect
that .
Mind if I play with you a little
bit ? '
A girl will say no , she does n't
mind , then she 'll get so hot , she 'll say ,
' Let 's do it . '
That 's the scariest part .
Is
it then my responsibility to say no ? "
One male student at George Washington
University , a senior , recounted
to the student newspaper that he had
woken up naked and drunk next to a
girl he did n't know .
His friends later
told him that the girl had bought him
drinks the night before and volunteered to take him home .
He ended
up feeling taken advantage of — that
he would n't have hooked up with her
if he had n't been so wasted .
Another senior at GW expressed his
confusion like this : " Sometimes I'll
feel like a girl is n't sure , but then she'll
say yes and I 'll think she 's just being
coy .
If you regret it or she regrets it ,
does that make it assault ? "
But then there are guys who will
admit that they find the whole hookup
culture secretly freeing .
Like one who
says that today 's larger gray area simply
" allows guys to be assholes " by
hiding behind the " she wanted it , she
went after me " excuse .
THE ALCOHOL FACTOR
All of these complicated scenarios are
made even more so by drinking , which
is almost always part of the mix .
Heavy
drinking is a major factor in sexual
assaults , and young women 's drinking
habits have risen almost to the level of
men's .
This makes them more vulnerable
to guys who are pushing for sex .
In one study of college women by
the Harvard School of Public Health ,
nearly 3 out of 4 rape victims were
intoxicated when the assault occurred ,
a pattern that appears to continue as
women move through their 20s .
" Women 's self - esteem at that age is
tied into how they are experienced by
men , and part of dealing with that
social anxiety is to drink it away or drug
it away , " says New York City psychotherapist
Robi Ludwig , PsyD . " They
say to themselves that it'll work out
okay , with some thinking that maybe
they 'll end up in a relationship . "
According to Brett Sokolow , a Malvern ,
Pennsylvania , attorney who specializes
in sexual assault , if a woman is
drunk or otherwise incapable of making
a sound decision , then a man who
knowingly has sex with her in that condition
is indeed guilty of rape .
But rape
cases where drinking or drugs are involved
are difficult to prove in a criminal
court if the victim cannot remember
whether she gave consent or if she
blacked out and her partner claims she
gave consent , says Sokolow .
Last year , a 20 - year - old female midshipman
at the U.S. Naval Academy
reported that the academy 's star quarterback ,
Lamar S. Owens Jr. , raped
her .
She filed charges and , in a July
2006 court - martial of Owens , said that
she had been drinking and could recall
very little beyond waking up in her bed
in the middle of the night to find
Owens having sex with her .
Owens testified that she had invited
him to her room during an instant message
conversation , and that after
a few caresses , they began to have sex .
After two minutes , he reportedly said ,
she stopped responding , and he left
her room .
The young woman testified
that she could not remember sending
the messages to Owens and that someone
had closed the instant - message
window on her computer , so they
were n't retrievable .
A toxicologist for the defense reportedly
said that the young woman's
blood - alcohol level showed that she
was legally intoxicated , which means
she may not have been able to give
consent .
Nonetheless , the rape
charge against Owens was dropped
because the five officers on the military
jury believed that evidence indicated
he had been invited to her
room .
During his testimony , Owens
reportedly said it was a case not of
rape but of " sex going bad . "
PAINFUL AFTEREFFECTS
The psychological effects of what a
victim did or did n't do can last for years .
" I still panic when a guy is on top of me
and positions his body so that I feel
restricted , even if we are just making
out , " says Alicia .
" I have punched a guy
because he had innocently placed himself
on me the wrong way . "
Some young women stop working
or doing their schoolwork , adopt unhealthy
eating patterns , turn to drugs ,
or attempt suicide .
Others may start
quickly seeking out new sex partners .
" They think that this is the way they can prove that the assault did n't affect
them , " explains Catherine Busch ,
PhD , clinical director of the Specialized
Trauma Treatment and Recovery
Center in Columbia , Maryland , who
works with sexual - assault victims .
So how do you avoid being a victim
without giving up the right to be
sexually independent and assertive ?
Many psychologists feel that the first
step is to acknowledge the dangers
inherent in the free - and - easy hookup
approach to dating and sex .
" We all have vulnerabilities , and
we all can be taken advantage of , "
says Ludwig .
" Though you 're successful
at school , sports , whatever ,
you must see yourself — as a
woman — as vulnerable .
If you do n't ,
you 're at greater risk . "
Sarah Belanger , 28 , a communications
specialist who works in Boston ,
has been trying to find a middle ground
in her own life .
" If you make the choice
to leave the bar with the guy , then you
are also creating the opportunity for
something to go wrong , " she says .
" I
think that is the point that needs to be
driven home to everyone who participates
in the hookup culture .
Yes , you
can practice safe sex .
Yes , you can have
casual sex without strings .
But this
behavior carries a risk . "
And if something bad does happen ,
says Laura , seek help immediately ,
and do n't blame yourself .
" It was incredibly
empowering for me to say
' I'm a survivor of rape . ' "
AVOIDING THE GRAY AREA
Recognize Male Mind Games
Beware of statements that
make him sound as if he is
only thinking of you , such as
" I just want to get you off . "
Also , be wary of those
designed to make you feel
guilty , like " You 're going
to give me blue balls if
you do n't .... "
( He can always
relieve himself later . )
Do n't Get Smashed
You wo n't be clearheaded
enough to be sure how
far you really want things
to go or confident enough
to follow through .
Be Straightforward and Clear
Telling a partner what you
want — and do n't want — to do
is more likely to protect you
than assuming you can show
him .
He may not get the hint .
Know Your Rights
Under the law , a guy has to
get a clear verbal or nonverbal
yes from you to have sex .
Just because you consent
to one sexual activity ( making
out , even with few clothes
on ) does not mean you have
given permission for any
other .
Also , silence does n't
always equal consent , nor
does being too drunk to know
what you 're doing .
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
Urinating on your tomato plants could give you fruit four times larger
Human urine mixed with wood ash was the ultimate eco-friendly fertiliser , according to researchers
Gardeners keen to boost their crop of tomatoes may be surprised to learn they can turn to an unusual and free source of fertiliser .
Allotment growers can enrich the soil and therefore their plants using their own wee , according to a new study .
Scientists discovered the unusual addition made crops up to four times larger .
A team of Finnish researchers found that sprinkling tomatoes with human urine mixed with wood ash was the ultimate eco-friendly fertiliser .
It worked just as well with cucumber , corn , cabbage and other crops .
Although scientists have previously tested urine on plants , this is the first one to mix it with wood ash .
The mixture produced bumper harvests when compared to untreated plants .
It could one day be substituted for costly synthetic fertilisers .
The university study , published in this month 's Journal of Agriculture and Food Chemistry , found using nitrogen - rich urine does not carry any risk of disease .
When combined with wood ash is perfect to provide minerals and reduce the acidity of soil .
Report author Surenda Pradhen said the findings could lead to a new source of cheap fertiliser without the need to use potentially dangerous chemicals .
' The results suggest that urine with or without wood ash can be used as a substitute for mineral fertiliser to increase the yields of tomato without posing any microbial or chemical risks , ' she concluded .
On May 13th , Epic Records , in conjunction with the Estate of Michael Jackson , will release ‘ XSCAPE ’ , an album of new music by Michael Jackson .
The project features eight new tracks , which the world will be hearing for the very first time on the new album .
For the ultimate fan experience , ‘ XSCAPE ’ will also be available in a Deluxe Edition , which includes all of the sourced Michael Jackson recordings in their original form .
The ‘ XSCAPE ’ standard and Deluxe Edition ’s are available for pre-order beginning April 1st on iTunes.com / MichaelJackson and elsewhere , and available at all retailers worldwide on May 13 .
‘ XSCAPE ’ is executive produced by L.A. Reid , who , after an initial mining of Jackson ’s archives by the Estate , was granted unlimited access to the treasures representing four decades of material on which Jackson had completed his vocals .
“ Modern music and artistry would look and sound completely different if not for the groundbreaking contributions Michael Jackson gifted to the world , ” remarked Reid .
“ Michael left behind some musical performances that we take great pride in presenting through the vision of music producers that he either worked directly with or expressed strong desire to work with .
We are extremely proud and honored to present this music to the world . ”
What an enjoyable activity .
It ca n't be rushed and forces the sewer to go slow and mindfully lest a finger ( or worse ) get poked .
Of course I put it off so long that one of my shirts was missing not one , not two , but three buttons .
I guess some people would throw out the shirt and buy a new one , but not me .
Finally , with Linda 's help , I got down to business .
While sewing on the three buttons , I noticed most of the others were loose .
That happens when you keep clothes as long as we do .
I fixed the three buttons , then reinforced the others .
The shirt I fixed will wear out completely before it needs button love again .
What a simple , functionally useful , and meditative activity .
You can't say that about many pursuits these days .
Sewing buttons - give it a whirl .
We all know you have at least one item of clothing that could use a bit of button love right now .
Do n't you ?
Brad Pitt recently opened up one of his secrets to keeping the romance alive with partner Angelina Jolie– and it ’s straight out of Hugh Hefner ‘s playbook !
“ [ It ’s ] a great place for sex , ” Pitt told Parade about the secret stone grotto behind the waterfall in his pool .
Pitt got a little more serious when the topic turned to marriage , reiterating his stand that he would not walk down the aisle until everyone had the legal right to .
“ I have love in my life , a soul mate ­absolutely .
When someone asked me why Angie and I do n’t get married , I replied , Maybe we ’ll get married when it ’s legal for everyone else . ”
I stand by that , although I took a lot of flak for saying it­–hate mail from religious groups , ” Pitt revealed .
“ I believe everyone should have the same rights .
They say gay marriage ruins families and hurts kids .
Well , I ’ve had the privilege of seeing my gay friends being parents and watching their kids grow up in a loving environment . ”
Just in case there was still any doubt on his stand on gay marriage , Pitt happily embraced the idea of any of his own children being homosexual .
“ Would it bother me if a child of mine turns out to be gay ?
No , not one bit .
Listen , I want my kids to live the lives they want to live .
I want them to be fulfilled .
I hope I teach my kids to be who they really are . ”
As Steve Krakauer reported on Monday , rapper Jay - Z has commenced beefs with both Fox News ’ Bill O’Reilly and radio host Rush Limbaugh , telling them to “ fall back ” and “ get off ( his ) balls , ” respectively .
O’Reilly launched his own short , not - so - sweet reply last night , but it was El Rushbo who took the cake for weirdness - of - rejoinder .
Apparently reticent to engage Hova , Limbaugh instead set his sights on President Obama , accusing the Commander - in - Chief of being some sort of Dick Reaper .
Here ’s Limbaugh ’s response :
You heard correctly .
Here ’s the transcript of the relevant passage :
I would remind the rapper Jay - Z , Mr. Z , it is President Obama who wants mandated circumcision .
We had that yesterday .
That means if we need to save our penises from anybody , it ’s Obama .
I know what you ’re thinking , and yes , the President does have bigger things to worry about .
From whence does Limbaugh conjure this fantasy that has him beating off Obama ’s Circumcision Squad with a stick ?
Is there some kind of proposal afoot to slice up Rush Limbaugh ’s tackle ?
Apparently , he pulled the idea out of Fox News ’ ass , where it then exploded across the trembling right - wing blogosphere .
They take a CDC report recommending circumcision as a way to prevent the spread of HIV , and tack on a phrase , “ Universal Circumcision , ” that appears nowhere in that report , or anywhere else .
From there , it ’s off to the races for painfully dumb and / or painfully dishonest conservative blogs .
As for Rush , his panic is understandable .
The government , under George W. Bush , has already gone after Little Rush once , in a way , detaining him for posessing Viagra without a prescription .
Still , the odds of something like that happening again are pretty stiff .
Have a tip we should know ?
[ email protected ]
British soldiers involved in the death of an Iraqi detainee and the unlawful abuse of others were not just " a few bad apples " but were implementing official government policy , an inquiry into the killing of Baha Mousa , a Basra hotel receptionist , heard .
Lawyers representing Mousa and those acting for more than 150 British troops blamed the incidents on senior officers , ignorance of the law , poor training and the " extraordinary " conditions in which the soldiers had to work .
Mousa , 26 , died after being subjected to beatings that left him with 93 separate injuries .
One of the other detainees recalled hearing him scream in agony shortly before he died at Battle Group Main camp on the evening of 15 September 2003 , Rabinder Singh QC , for the Mousa family , told the inquiry in London .
Mousa cried out : " Oh my God , I 'm going to die , I 'm going to die .
Leave me alone , please leave me alone for five minutes .
I am very tired .
I am going to die . "
Singh added : " Baha was a human being , yet to his guards he was known as ' fat boy ' or ' fat bastard ' .
To British soldiers , Iraqi civilians were routinely known as ' Ali Babas ' . "
Singh continued : " It is important not to fall into the trap of thinking that this case was simply one of indiscipline …
This case is not just about beatings or a few bad apples .
There is something rotten in the whole barrel . "
The inquiry has heard that British troops holding him and nine Iraqis seized with him employed " conditioning " methods such as hooding , sleep deprivation and forcing suspects to stand in painful " stress positions " , which the government banned in 1972 .
They were prohibited after the European court of human rights declared the practices , used in Northern Ireland against IRA suspects , unlawful .
" Conditioning " was " a euphemism for torture " , Singh said .
His argument was later challenged by counsel for some of the soldiers .
" One of the striking features of the terrible events is that the abuse did not take place in a secret location behind closed doors , " said Singh .
" The temporary detention facility was open to the outside .
Many people must have seen or heard what was going on .
Many seem to have visited [ it ] . "
He added : " This gives rise to serious questions about the professionalism of the outfit and whether the culture was one of impunity .
It also gives rise to serious questions about the capacity of the [ Queen 's Lancashire ] regiment 's members to question and challenge abuse . "
David Barr , counsel for the Ministry of Defence , said the " appalling " behaviour of British soldiers in the case had " disgusted " the army .
Mousa and those detained with him were " clearly subjected to brutal violence as well " .
He continued : " Conditioning techniques alone do not cause such injuries .
The brutality was completely unacceptable .
It has stained the reputation of the British army . "
However , James Dingemans QC , for 24 British soldiers , questioned whether the Iraqi detainees could be described as civilians .
After they seized the Iraqis , soldiers had discovered at Basra 's Ibn al - Haitham hotel AK - 47 rifles , ammunition , a submachine gun , pistols , grenades , electrical equipment , and the telephone numbers of Iraqi intelligence officers from Saddam Hussein 's regime .
Dingemans added that the statute setting up the international criminal court provided a defence for soldiers , including those who did not know that their orders were unlawful .
Neil Garnham QC , representing other soldiers and military officials , described the conditions , including the 50C heat in which British troops operated in Iraq , as " extraordinary " .
He added : " Such difficult conditions excuse nothing but they may explain a good deal . "
He added : " The army does not decide whether to go to war .
It has precious little to say about when it goes to war .
It has no control at all over the conditions in which it fights , the enemy it faces or about the conditions with which it has to contend when the fighting is over . "
Corporal Donald Payne pleaded guilty at a six - month court martial on the incident in which all other soldiers were acquitted .
His barrister , Michael Topolski , said that for " too long " Payne had been the only soldier to take responsibility for what occurred .
He pointed to evidence in the military trial referring to the " closing of ranks " and a " wall of silence " , and alleged a cover - up and attempts to blame Payne alone .
The MoD agreed in July last year to pay £ 2.83 m in compensation to the families of Mousa and nine other Iraqi men mistreated by British troops .
Mousa 's father , a former colonel in the Iraqi police , is due to give evidence to the inquiry .
Parents in Melbourne and Sydney are endangering the mental well - being of young children by giving them cannabis as a sedative , a leading youth worker claims .
Prominent Melbourne social worker Les Twentyman says the worrying practice continues to become more prevalent in " impoverished " areas of Melbourne , just as it is in struggling Sydney suburbs .
He said parents unable to afford medication for children , particularly those with behavioural problems , often thought their own drugs could be a solution .
" I know of occasions when they have issues with their neighbours complaining about their kids screaming , " Mr Twentyman said .
" To try and keep their own kids quiet for their own sanity and the neighbours , they have resorted to giving the kids drugs . "
Children as young as six had been affected by either smoking bongs or through inhaling smoke in the air .
" I remember once walking into a flat where there were three mothers smoking bongs and they had five children , " he said .
" They said to me : ' Look at how well behaved our kids are ' .
" I almost fell over .
Those kids had been affected by the cannabis in the air .
" The parents think it 's a quick fix , but it 's the start of a life of long - term misery . "
Mr Twentyman said it generally was in high areas of unemployment where children were most susceptible .
" It 's in the impoverished areas - in west Melbourne , outer southern areas , and also the multi- complex areas , the ministry - of - housing areas , " he said .
Mr Twentyman said more was needed to be done to educate parents about the long - term dangers of giving drugs to children .
" The linkage between that and mental issues later on is very significant , " he said .
" It 's about education and access and having an enormous amount of support , getting youth workers attached to schools and high - rise flats and things like that .
" I would like a television and newspaper campaign like the TAC ( Transport Accident Commission in Victoria ) about the long - term effects on young people whose minds are n't probably developed because of drugs . "
Mr Twentyman 's comments come after counsellors from a leading Sydney children 's charity , the Ted Noffs Foundation , told the Sunday Telegraph newspaper there was a growing trend of parents in western Sydney suburbs giving their children cannabis .
- AAP
Does cannabis contain the magic ingredient that will keep swine flu from sweeping the planet ?
A Colorado Springs company has ( yes , you knew it was coming ) high hopes .
Cannabis Science , Inc. is announcing today that it's " made key progress with mapping out its initial cannabis drug medicines for FDA clinical trials . "
Two " distinct parallel paths " for developing " pharmaceutical products for FDA approval " are being sought , with one directed at post - traumatic - stress - disorder treatment and the other revolving around " the highly publicized H1N1 Swine flu and the deadly H1N5 Avian flu . "
Regarding the latter ailments , a press release says , " The company 's approach will mimic how the human body uses endocannabinoids ( cannabinoids that occur naturally in the body ) to regulate immune activity and cell survival , by regulating inflammatory biochemistry .
Excessive inflammatory responses are associated with numerous disease states including autoimmune diseases , neurological imbalances , and cardiovascular disease .
Phytocannabinoids provide a natural means to supplement illness - specific endocannabinoid deficiencies . "
Sounds scientific to us .
Burn through the complete release after the jump .
Cannabis Science Reports On Two Cannabis - Based Drug Release Programs
COLORADO SPRINGS , Colo . --( BUSINESS WIRE ) -- Cannabis Science , Inc. ( OTCBB : CBIS ) an emerging pharmaceutical cannabis company is pleased to announce that it has completed its review of the FDA licensing requirements and has made key progress with mapping out its initial cannabis drug medicines for FDA clinical trials .
The Company has determined it will have more than one product in clinical testing and trials at the same time .
This news comes following the identification of two distinct parallel paths in developing pharmaceutical products for FDA approval .
The first being the highly publicized H1N1 Swine flu and the deadly H1N5 Avian flu , and the second being a newly formed initiative for Veterans who suffer from Post Traumatic Stress Disorder ( PTSD ) .
Together with these initiatives , Cannabis Science is laying a solid foundation for entrance into the FDA and other government regulatory agencies for developing medicines for Influenza , PTSD and other ailments .
The Company looks forward to announcing its continued progress with these initiatives through the development of an online progress chart that will become available at the www.cannabisscience.com website in the near future .
This online tracking initiative will allow the general public immediate access to monitor each stage of development , submit questions , and request special circumstance information as we take our cannabis - based drugs to market .
Cannabis Science Inc. , President & CEO , Dr. Robert Melamede Ph.D. , stated , " Times are changing .
There is an ever - increasing demand for our cannabis - based drugs , and this demand is growing exponentially throughout the United States and the rest of the world .
Modern science supports the public demand for cannabis - based FDA approved drug products that reduce the impact of critical life altering illnesses .
The public need for our products drives our efforts to rapidly move our drugs through all available regulatory channels .
We believe this enormous public demand on a global scale is a major key to our success and we are very excited to be positioned to provide solutions .
We are currently sourcing cGMP compliant facilities to produce our initial formulations for FDA compliant testing .
Veterans Post Traumatic Stress Disorder ( PTSD ) Program
We are rapidly moving forward with our program designed to test the efficacy of our cannabis extract - based oral medicine to provide immediate relief of the negative consequences of PTSD in our military veterans .
A critical first step will be carried out by Dr. Mitch Earleywine ( State University of New York ( SUNY Albany , SAB ) the first member of the Cannabis Science Scientific Advisory Board .
He will conduct a Veterans survey regarding the use of medical marijuana for PTSD .
The results of this survey will provide us with human data that we expect will assist in our efforts with the FDA and other governmental agencies to fast track our PTSD and our Flu project .
H1N1 Swine Flu & H1N5 Avian Flu
According to the CDC ( http://www.cdc.gov/flu/avian/), the Avian flu ( H5N1 ) has a 63 % mortality rate .
Unfortunately , the Swine flu , while causing death at a much lower rate than the Avian flu , also appears to result in death via a similar mechanism .
The common cause of death with these strains is organ failure , especially as seen in the lungs with the development of Adult Respiratory Distress Syndrome ( ARDS ) .
ARDS is caused by an excess immune - generated inflammatory response that leads to apoptosis ( cell death ) and subsequently to organ failure .
The Company 's approach will mimic how the human body uses endocannabinoids ( cannabinoids that occur naturally in the body ) to regulate immune activity and cell survival , by regulating inflammatory biochemistry .
Excessive inflammatory responses are associated with numerous disease states including autoimmune diseases , neurological imbalances , and cardiovascular disease .
Phytocannabinoids provide a natural means to supplement illness - specific endocannabinoid deficiencies .
This Press Release includes forward - looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Act of 1934 .
A statement containing works such as " anticipate , " " seek , " " intend , " " believe , " " plan , " " estimate , " " expect , " " project , " " plan , " or similar phrases may be deemed " forward - looking statements " within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 .
Some or all of the events or results anticipated by these forward - looking statements may not occur .
Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include the future U.S. and global economies , the impact of competition , and the Company 's reliance on existing regulations regarding the use and development of cannabis - based drugs .
Cannabis Science , Inc. does not undertake any duty nor does it intend to update the results of these forward - looking statements .
Wealthy LA businessman and Republican bigwig David Fleming financed a docudrama that promotes medical marijuana .
His wife Jean , who uses marijuana daily to ease symptoms manuscript post - poloio syndrome , co-wrote the script and produced the film , called " Smoke Screen . "
" The War on Drugs has cost the American taxpayer $ 1 trillion since 1972 , " [ Fleming ] said .
" We 're paying $ 69 billion a year to make a health problem into a criminal one . "
That 's the libertarian side of him talking – he's also a board member of the Reason Foundation .
But while Fleming can go on at length about drug stats from a policy standpoint , he 's also got a personal stake .
His wife , a former Miss Illinois turned actress , suffers debilitating pain from post - polio syndrome .
Several months ago , she obtained a prescription for medical marijuana .
At night , she takes a few drops of liquid THC or snacks on a pot brownie to ease the pain .
" Here 's Jeannie , well - to - do and a pillar of society , using marijuana , " Fleming said .
" And I could be thrown in prison by Bush , " she interjected .
That 's Bush as in President George W. – the one who named her husband as a trustee for the James Madison Foundation , a group of politicians , jurists and two private citizens that hands out scholarships for teachers .
Fleming has a photo of him and the president in his office .
The couple have an unusual marriage .
He hangs with Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger .
She wears a Barack Obama T - shirt .
The two disagree on many political issues , but they vehemently agree about the need for drug - policy reform .
" Look , I 'm an old lady , so I can say what I want to , " she said .
" In the '60s , I used to go to parties where cocaine was passed around and snorted .
Nothing ever went up my nose , but I smoked marijuana . "
Hi !!
wanna come see mah fort ?
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
Here are the
for today ’s DEFUN tutorial : Multicore Programming in Haskell Now !
Multicore computers are here : is your programming language ready for it ?
Haskell is : you can take an off - the - shelf copy of GHC and write high performance parallel programs right now .
This tutorial will teach you how to exploit parallelism through Haskell on your commodity multicore machine , to make your code faster .
We will introduce key parallel programming models , as implemented in Haskell , including :
semi-explicit parallelism via sparks
explicit parallelism via threads and shared memory
software transactional memory
data parallelism
and look at how to build faster programs using these abstractions .
We will also look at the engineering considerations when writing parallel programs , and the tools Haskell provides for debugging and reasoning about parallel programs .
This half - day tutorial will teach intermediate functional programmers with no previous parallel programming experience how to write , reason about and run parallel Haskell programs , using a range of parallel programming models .
Each model will be introduced with motivating examples , and exercises to develop familarity with the model in question .
By the end you should have an understanding of which parallelism abstraction to use in which circumstance , and be able to go to work writing multicore capable programs in Haskell .
Soldier amputee told to repay MoD compensation guardian.co.uk
A soldier who lost a leg fighting in Afghanistan has attacked the Ministry of Defence 's " disgusting " treatment of his compensation case after it insisted he repay £ 48,392 that it deposited in his account in error .
Carl Clowes , 23 , a former private in the Royal Engineers whose legs were shattered when his vehicle hit a mine in Helmand province in July 2007 , used the money to clear his mortgage on his house , before offering to pay it back at the rate of £ 120 a month over 23 years .
The Service Personnel and Veterans Agency refused his terms this week , cancelled his £ 14,300 medical discharge award and said it would cut his pension from £ 920 to £ 620 a month .
It wants to take £ 10,000 of his £ 13,000 savings .
In an escalating dispute , Clowes , who has a prosthetic left leg and suffers pain if he walks more than a few yards , plans to keep the money , which he believes is reasonable compensation for 17 other injuries , including serious injuries to his right leg .
The government agency has warned him not to go public about the dispute , which has made him even angrier .
" They are talking to me about money I owe to them as if they were a bank manager and I had robbed the bank , " Clowes said .
" I have fought for my country and I have been injured severely and I think I am entitled to that money .
" My country seems to be saying to me , ' Cheers for going to war , now live on £ 620 a month ' .
What a joke . "
On Tuesday , an official at the Veterans Agency wrote to Clowes stating : " As this over - issue was made to you from public funds , and you were advised almost immediately that this was money paid in error to which you are not entitled , I am obliged to seek recovery . "
A spokeswoman for the MoD said the payment was " an administrative error and not related to his armed forces compensation scheme claim " .
The row is likely to intensify pressure on the government to reform compensation for injured soldiers , which works on a tariff system and pays only for three injuries .
Bob Ainsworth , the defence secretary , brought forward a review of the existing scheme after public anger erupted at the MoD 's attempt to reduce payments to two other veterans .
" I do n't know how they can speak to people like they do , " said Clowes .
" They said , in one letter , ' However , you have no entitlement to the monies paid ' .
This is coming from a civilian woman who has never seen me in her life , does n't know what I am going through in my life and she is talking to me like that .
" She will go home to her husband and her kids and live a normal life .
I will still be Carl Clowes who has got to live this horrific life , and she can tell me that I am not entitled to that money .
I would love to see her face to face and have her tell me that .
It would be different if it were her son . "
Clowes joined the Royal Engineers when he was 19 after working as a joiner and was assigned to protect resupply convoys leaving Camp Bastion .
His duty was to man a machine gun as " top cover " and he won the 2007 soldier of the year award from the Worshipful Company of Carmen of London .
" It were good , it were intense , " he said .
" You had to be alert 24 / 7 .
People were attacking your camp , getting shot at and mortared .
But every time you did a mission and there were no casualties it was good .
" When something did go wrong , when friends went over mines or we were attacked it was scary .
But when we got through it , and we always did , it were good .
" Shopfitting 's different to being attacked by the Taliban .
I enjoyed it 110 % when I was out there . "
Six months into his tour of duty , he set off on a routine mission in a lightly armoured vehicle , protecting a convoy .
" We did n't have much sleep and we set off before sunlight , " he said .
" We were on route one , the only road in Afghanistan .
There was a chance of improvised explosive devices ( IEDs ) and you had to be careful going through towns , but everything seemed to be going smoothly .
" We came off the road to cross the desert and were crossing a wadi , a dried - up river bank .
All the convoy went in the same direction over the wadi and we were the only vehicle on the left , so it was just Russian roulette .
You just go where you think is safe .
Unfortunately for us we picked the wrong route .
" We went down the wadi and we had to do hard right , and the driver must have missed the mine by inches .
When he straightened up again , we hit the mine .
The vehicle turned 180 degrees and flipped on its side .
I was knocked out for three or four seconds .
" I did n't hear the mine go off but I woke up when the vehicle was on its side .
From my waist down , I was in the vehicle 's turret and from the waist up I was on the ground .
I was feeling hot .
My body was throbbing just like a heartbeat .
I took my body armour off and my helmet off and I still could n't lift myself up .
" I did n't know if my legs were still there .
My mate pushed me up and I could see that my legs were really bad .
They were kind of straight apart from the breaks .
" My ankles were facing the opposite way .
I thought to myself , they are only breaks , they 'll be all right but I could feel a constant beat in my boots and I did n't understand why .
" At that point I did n't realise that my shin bones had gone through the bottom of my feet … I could feel my jaw was broken and I could feel blood dripping , obviously from when my head hit the floor .
Later I found out it was shattered in seven pieces . "
Legs throbbing and adrenalin pumping he was transported on the bonnet of a Land Rover and taken to a waiting helicopter , which evacuated him to Bastion 's emergency hospital .
" I remember seeing the needle that was going to sedate me and that was the last thing I remember in Afghanistan . "
Four days later , he came round in the military wing of Selly Oak hospital in Birmingham , his sister and his mother by his side .
" I had a tube in my nose , a tracheotomy in my neck , I had my jaw wired shut , I had a massive burn on my back , I had vacuums coming out of my feet sucking away the bad blood from the massive holes I had in my feet , the size of a fist , " he said .
" I was bedridden , big time . "
He drank soup and protein shakes through a straw and lost two and a half stone before he was transferred to the defence medical rehabilitation centre at Headley Court , where he spent 14 weeks .
When he started trying to walk again he realised that his left leg would not survive and the decision was made to amputate it beneath the knee .
" It was pretty weird waking up , " he said .
" There 's waking up with scars and then there 's waking up without a foot . "
His right leg survived despite the blast , which dislocated his knee , ruptured three of his four knee ligaments , broke his leg , dislocated and broke his ankle and drove his shin bone through the bottom of his foot .
Clowes now fears it too may have to be amputated and is upset that he has received compensation for only three of his injuries .
" The most common injuries in Afghanistan are caused by IEDs or mines , " he said .
" How many people only suffer three injuries from these ?
It is impossible .
Even a tank gets destroyed by a mine .
" To add insult to injury , the armed forces give you 100 % for the first injury , 30 % for the second and 15 % for third .
I think you should get 100 % for every injury .
I know that would cost the government an absolute fortune , but that 's tough .
They have cost us our lives .
" There are soldiers who have lost their lives and have paid the maximum price .
We soldiers who are still alive are paying the maximum price for being alive .
" I have to live with this , and the other soldiers who are worse than me , for the rest of our lives .
If the government think it is going to cost them too much they should bring us home . "
The Debate in Washington
These lawsuits open a window onto the questions that government officials and banks are now trying to answer .
Do consumers actually want overdraft service ?
Can they use it responsibly ?
If so , what is the best way to deliver it ?
Federal regulators have acknowledged problems with overdraft fees since at least 2001 but have done little aside from improving disclosure and issue voluntary guidelines they hoped the industry would follow .
That year , Daniel P. Stipano , deputy chief counsel for the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency , wrote that a company that markets overdraft programs to banks showed a “ complete lack of consumer safeguards . ”
In 2005 , after intense industry pressure , the Federal Reserve ruled that overdraft charges should not be covered by the Truth in Lending Act .
That meant bankers did not have to seek consumers ’ permission to sign them up , nor did they have to disclose the equivalent interest rate for the fees .
That same year , the Federal Reserve said that some banks had “ adopted marketing practices that appear to encourage consumers to overdraw their accounts . ”
It issued a list of “ best practices ” that asked banks to more clearly disclose overdraft fees , let customers opt out of overdraft programs and provide an alert when a purchase occurs that would put the account below zero .
But critics said the recommendations had no teeth .
“ No regulator has made any of their bank examiners adhere to best practices , ” said Mr. Halperin , of the Center for Responsible Lending .
“ The result is over that time period consumers have paid probably upwards of $ 80 billion in overdraft fees while the Federal Reserve considers and considers and considers whether or not they are going to do anything . ”
Officials at the Federal Reserve dispute that they have not taken sufficient action on overdraft fees , noting that they imposed tougher disclosure requirements in 2004 and are now considering additional regulations to address abusive practices .
They will disclose their intent before the end of the year .
What no one disputes is that the stakes in the coming battle on overdraft fees are enormous .
Ms. Maloney said she did not push her overdraft legislation this spring because the uproar from the banking industry could have jeopardized the credit card bill .
“ It was very important to provide more tools to consumers to better manage their credit cards , ” she said .
“ And now I think they deserve the same treatment with debit cards . ”
However , many people do view Somalia as a potential new al - Qaeda bolthole .
Admiral Mike Mullen , the chairman of the US Joint Chiefs of Staff , warned recently that President Barack Obama 's operations to squeeze the movement in both Afghanistan and Pakistan could see its fighters relocate to the Horn of Africa region .
Already there are believed to be at least 500 fighters holed up in remote mountainous regions of Yemen , where they have been blamed for a spate of recent kidnappings and carbombings .
Yemen lies just 200 miles across the Gulf of Aden from Somalia and is well within reach of pirate crews , who generally have little trouble evading foreign anti-piracy patrols .
Thousands of mourners will bring the cathedral city of Wells in Somerset to a standstill today for the funeral of Harry Patch , who was the last surviving soldier to fight in the trenches in the first world war .
Visitors from across Europe will line the streets as Patch 's coffin is taken from the care home where he spent his final years to the cathedral .
More than 1,000 people successfully applied for tickets to attend the service in the cathedral and others will be able to watch proceedings on a giant screen .
The concluding part of the service , the theme of which is peace and reconciliation , will take place outside the cathedral 's great west door .
Patch was known for his stance against war , and yesterday Radiohead premiered a song written as a tribute to this , with Patch 's own words as lyrics .
He died on Saturday 25 July , aged 111 , at the Fletcher House care home .
The death of the only man who could talk from experience about the horrors of Passchendaele prompted Gordon Brown to announce a national memorial service at Westminster Abbey for those who served in the first world war .
Today 's service is also designed to be not just about Patch but also about those he served alongside and the service personnel who did not make it back from the trenches .
It will begin at 11:30 am , when Patch 's coffin begins its journey from Fletcher House to the cathedral .
The coffin will be flanked by soldiers of the Rifles , which took in Patch 's regiment , the Duke of Cornwall 's Light Infantry .
Two soldiers each from the armies of Belgium , France and Germany will also accompany the coffin .
A spokesperson for the cathedral said the idea was to symbolise Patch 's desire for reconciliation and his view that : " Irrespective of the uniforms we wore , we were all victims . "
Among the mourners will be the Duchess of Cornwall and the Duchess of Gloucester .
Members of the public were being encouraged to pay their respects by lining the route of the cortege as it travels through Wells to the cathedral .
Silence is requested .
The funeral service will begin at noon and will be relayed on a large screen to people in Cathedral Green .
Afterwards a bugler from the Rifles will sound the Last Post before the bells sound 111 times , one ring for every year of Patch 's life .
Link
More pictures of completed model : HERE
Pieces : 831
Pages : 197
Download : HERE
Tip : Some pieces span several pages .
Print those as is , the program will perfectly section them off .
Built with 66 # or 250gsm paper .
Summary of build order :
hat , hair , forehead , face , neck , collar , right arm , left arm , reinforce shoulders , middle body , reinforce wrinkles , bottom of body .
Legs are pretty straightforward , boots , reinforce everything in ankles 3 times , then everything in the shoe 2 times .
Failure to do so adequately will result in a falling Link .
Then arms , hand , sword , shield sheath in whatever order you feel like .
Dark Link
Download : HERE
Fierce Diety Link
Download : HERE
( regular sword )
Magic Armor Link
Download : HERE
Golden Link
Download : HERE
Link the Knight of Leather
Download : HERE
Ocarina of Time Link
Download : HERE
Pink Link
Download : HERE
Red Link
Download : HERE
Soldier Link
Download : HERE
White Link
Download : HERE
Thanks to Vert092 from nintendopapercraft forums for gathering the texture package .
Interview of model creator by outofprintarchives
Eyevine
Reading , writing and religion
THE first thing you notice about Karen Allen 's house is that it is spotless .
Even in her teenage boys ' bedrooms , not a thing is out of place .
And her boys , Thomas and Taylor , are polite and engaging .
Your correspondent found himself being grilled about his travels by a boy who had clearly Googled him .
In this household , every chance to learn something new is eagerly seized , explains Mrs Allen .
The Allens are home - schoolers .
Instead of sending their children to a public ( non- fee - paying ) or private school , they teach them at home .
They are far from alone .
A generation ago , home - schooling was rare and , in many states , illegal .
Now , according to the Department of Education , there are roughly 1.5 m home - schooled students in America , a number that has doubled in a decade .
That is about 3 % of the school - age population .
The National Home Education Research Institute puts the number even higher , at between 1.8 m and 2.5m .
Why do people teach their children at home ?
Many of the earliest were hippies who thought public schools repressive and ungroovy .
Now they are far more likely to be religious conservatives .
At a public school , says Mrs Allen , her boys would get neither much individual attention nor any Christian instruction .
At home they get plenty of both .
In a 2007 survey by the Department of Education , 88 % of home - schooling parents said that their local public schools were unsafe , drug - ridden or unwholesome in some way .
Some 73 % complained of shoddy academic standards .
And 83 % said they wanted to instil religious or moral values in their children — a number that has risen from 72 % in 2003 .
Those who teach at home are passionate about it .
They have to be : it is a huge undertaking .
One parent , usually the mother , drops out of the workforce and devotes her life to teaching .
The family must subsist on a single income while still paying the taxes that finance public schools .
Home - schooling is not for the faint - hearted .
“ It becomes a lifestyle , ” says Mrs Allen .
She teaches her boys English , history and Bible studies .
Maths comes on a DVD .
When they go shopping , she teaches them economics .
On holiday in Alaska , they made moulds of a wolf 's pawprint , a “ science adventure ” .
Yet the Allens ' science curriculum is one that no public school would allow .
“ We teach biology from a creationist perspective , ” she says .
Not all home - schoolers shun the public schools for religious reasons .
Anne Mitchell , for example , pulled her son Gordon out because she did not like the way his school dealt with his cerebral palsy .
Rather than helping him to do things himself , it assigned a helper to follow him around and do everything for him .
A tenth of home - schooling parents say that one of their children has a physical or mental problem that the local school cannot or will not accommodate .
And some parents teach at home because their children are brilliant and public school fails to stretch them .
But there is no doubt that religion is the main force .
American public schools are rigidly secular .
Private schools are expensive .
For parents who want their children to grow up relatively unexposed to doubt , Darwin or indecent lunchroom chatter , home - schooling offers hope .
And one reason the movement is growing so quickly is that religious Americans tend to have a lot of children .
Consider the Millerds , a family of Mormons who live not far from the Allens in south - west Georgia .
They have eight children .
At one point , four were in public school .
But when one had his head banged because other kids were fighting on a school bus and another came home “ with a mouth full of trash ” ( figuratively speaking ) , Tirzah Millerd , their mother , decided to bring them home .
It was tough at first .
Mrs Millerd had just had her seventh baby and her husband , a marine , was posted to the Horn of Africa .
But after a while she got used to it .
Now , she says she loves every minute .
The older kids help coach the younger .
There are lots of good textbooks and online tutorials .
A local private school lets them use a chemistry lab .
For sport , they play ping - pong or swim .
And their father taught them carpentry when building the house .
Opponents of home - schooling — and some of them are vehement — argue that it is socially divisive .
Also , since it is regulated lightly or not at all , it is hard to tell whether children being taught at home are receiving an adequate education .
“ Unregulated home - schooling opens up the possibility that children will never learn about … alternative ways of life , ” writes Rob Reich of Stanford University .
But parents make no apology for shielding their children from what they see as bad influences .
They hotly deny that children learn better social skills on a school playground than at home .
The children your correspondent met in Georgia were confident , gregarious and socialised a lot , albeit mostly with families doing the same thing .
They were also at ease with friends of different ages .
Public - school kids , by contrast , live in an “ age - segregated herd ” , scoffs Michael Farris , the chancellor of Patrick Henry College , a Christian university in Virginia most of whose students were taught at home .
Whether teaching at home yields better or worse academic results than the conventional sort is impossible to say .
Its boosters argue that one - on - one instruction helps children learn , and point to the striking number of home - schooled children who win debating contests and spelling bees .
A study of 20,000 home - schooled students in 1998 by Lawrence Rudner of the University of Maryland found that they scored well above average in academic tests , and subsequent studies have found similar results .
This is impressive , but does not prove that the method is superior .
Parents who teach at home are deeply involved in their children 's education , and the children of such parents do well in normal schools , too .
Some states try to regulate home - schooling .
Twenty - six require parents to provide regular test scores or professional evaluations of their children 's progress .
Of these , six , concentrated in the north - east , require much more , such as the use of approved curriculums or home visits by bureaucrats .
Fourteen states demand only that parents tell the authorities that they are home - schooling .
And ten do not regulate it at all .
Some children taught at home undoubtedly receive a poor education .
But so do many children in public schools .
The movement will probably continue to grow .
For one thing , it is getting easier .
The internet lets parents discover teaching materials and communicate with each other , swapping tips online .
They lobby vigorously against anything that might cramp their freedom .
Moreover , having Barack Obama in the White House may cause more people to pull their children out of public schools , predicts Mr Farris .
Views of the government are coloured by views of the president , he says , even though the president has little control over education .
And Mr Obama is far too liberal for most of America 's home - schoolers .
FREMONT , Calif . 
They gather five days a week at a mall called the Hub , sitting on concrete planters and sipping thermoses of chai .
These elderly immigrants from India are members of an all - male group called The 100 Years Living Club .
They talk about crime in nearby Oakland , the cheapest flights to Delhi and how to deal with recalcitrant daughters - in - law .
Together , they fend off the well of loneliness and isolation that so often accompany the move to this country late in life from distant places , some culturally light years away .
“ If I do n’t come here , I have sealed lips , nobody to talk to , ” said Devendra Singh , a 79 - year - old widower .
Meeting beside the parking lot , the men were oblivious to their fellow mall rats , backpack - carrying teenagers swigging energy drinks .
In this country of twittering youth , Mr. Singh and his friends form a gathering force : the elderly , who now make up America ’s fastest - growing immigrant group .
Since 1990 , the number of foreign - born people over 65 has grown from 2.7 million to 4.3 million  or about 11 percent of the country ’s recently arrived immigrants .
Their ranks are expected to swell to 16 million by 2050 .
In California , one in nearly three seniors is now foreign born , according to a 2007 census survey .
Michael Ballack will not face punishment for his off - the - ball challenge on Patrice Evra in the build - up to Chelsea 's controversial second goal during their Community Shield victory over Manchester United after referee Chris Foy confirmed that he had seen the incident clearly and decided at the time it did not warrant action .
In the aftermath of the incident , which incensed United manager , Sir Alex Ferguson , Foy was surrounded by protesting United players .
As Foy did not intervene , the FA could potentially have acted on the video evidence of Ballack 's challenge – but the referee 's statement means the matter is now closed .
Earlier , Ballack admitted blocking Evra during the match at Wembley , adding that he was " happy " that Foy did not blow for a foul .
Chelsea went on to score through Frank Lampard while Evra lay hurt on the ground , and eventually won the game 4 – 1 on penalties after a 2 – 2 finish in normal time , but Ferguson was adamant Foy should have sent off the Chelsea substitute for the use of an elbow .
" I have to be happy that the referee did n't blow because maybe I blocked him a little bit , " said Ballack .
" If the referee gives a foul it would have been OK as well , but he decided not to .
It was a bit unlucky after that because they conceded the goal .
" I kept on playing but then I did n't have the ball so I could n't see how injured he was . "
Ferguson also claimed
Foy should have stopped play when Evra went down as the referee had done when Ballack was injured moments earlier , but Lampard said Chelsea had no case to answer .
Lampard 's strike put Chelsea 2 - 1 ahead in the 70th minute but the England midfielder rejected the suggestion he should have kicked the ball out rather than trying to score .
" I do n't think any player would , you 're entitled to shoot , " he said .
" That 's what United did in the first half , but the referee stopped them and when Ballack went down in the second half they were complaining that they could n't carry on . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Australian palaeontologists say they have discovered three new dinosaur species after examining fossils dug up in Queensland .
Writing in the journal PLoS
One , they describe one of the creatures as a fearsome predator with three large slashing claws on each hand .
The other two were herbivores : one a tall giraffe - like creature , the other of stocky build like a hippopotamus .
The fossils date back nearly 100 million years .
They were found in rocks known as the Winton Formation .
The dinosaurs have names relating to Australia 's famous folk ballad Waltzing Matilda .
The carnivore , which has the scientific classification Australovenator wintonensis , has therefore been dubbed " Banjo " after Andrew Barton " Banjo " Patterson , who composed the song in Winton in 1885 .
Queensland Museum palaeontologist Scott Hucknell said the creature would have been a terrifying prospect .
" The cheetah of his time , Banjo was light and agile .
He could run down most prey with ease over open ground , " he told reporters .
FROM BBC WORLD SERVICE Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from BBC World Service
The two plant - eating , four - legged sauropod species are new types of titanosaurs - the largest animals ever to walk the Earth .
" Clancy " ( scientific name : Witonotitan wattsi ) was a tall slender animal , while Matilda ( Diamantinasaurus matildae ) was more stocky and hippo- like .
Banjo and Matilda - possibly predator and his prey - were found buried together in a 98 - million - year - old billabong , or stagnant pond .
A comparison of all three : " Matilda " ( L ) , " Clancy " ( C ) and " Banjo " ( R )
The findings have been published in the public access journal Public Library of Science One ( PLoS One ) , and were announced by Queensland Premier Anna Bligh at the Australian Age of Dinosaurs Museum of Natural History in Winton .
She said the discoveries were a major breakthrough in the scientific understanding of prehistoric life in Australia .
Museum Victoria palaeontologist John Long described the fossils as " amazing " .
The Sydney Morning Herald newspaper quoted him as saying that the creatures put Australia back on the international map of big dinosaur discoveries for the first time since 1981 , when the unearthing of Muttaburrasaurus , a large four - legged herbivore that could rear up on two legs , was announced .
The new species will be part of the Australian Age of Dinosaurs Museum of Natural History under construction in Winton .
It should be completed in 2015 .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A steam train replicating the Ginga Tetsudo 999 ( Galaxy Express 999 ) made a special run today in Shizuoka .
With today being 2009/09/09 , a once in a thousand years date , the train decorated as the 999 or Three Nine created by Leji Matsumoto was on show to many happy fans .
Galaxy Express Three - Nine , ( 銀河鉄 道９９９ ) is a story about a little boy , Tetsuro , who in search of a machine body meets up with an elegant lady , Maetel on board the 999 Express .
The train runs through space and comes to Earth just one day in the year .
There were manga , tv , movie and stage productions of this popular series .
If you missed the original series here is a clip from the opening scene
I remember going to see this movie with a friend in Australia before I first came to Japan .
I think they were showing a number of Japanese movies .
We watched this one and also the Makioka Sisters and maybe Tanpopo .
What movies do you remember from years ago that maybe introduced you to Japan ?
Share this : Facebook
Pinterest
Twitter
Stressed out , dude ?
Do n't go to Vegas .
New research , to be published July 1 in the journal PLoS One , shows that men under stress may be more likely to take risks , correlating to such real - life behavior as gambling , smoking , unsafe sex and illegal drug use .
In contrast , stressed women moderate their behavior and may be less likely to make risky choices , the study found .
" Evolutionarily speaking , it 's perhaps more beneficial for men to be aggressive in stressful , high - arousal situations when risk and reward are involved , " said Nichole Lighthall of the University of Southern California Davis School of Gerontology and lead author of the paper .
" Applied to financial risk taking , it 's akin to competition for territory or other valuable resources . "
The researchers asked participants to play a game called the Balloon Analogue Risk Task in which inflating a balloon earns money ( five cents per pump ) .
Participants were told that they could cash out their earnings by clicking a " Collect $ $ $ " button at any point in the game .
However , the balloon would explode if it was inflated beyond its randomly determined breakpoint .
All winnings for exploded balloons would be lost .
advertisement
" One valuable aspect of the [ balloon task ] is its predictive validity for real - world impulsivity , " Lighthall explained .
" Some risk taking was necessary to make gains , but excessive risk was associated with diminishing returns .
If you always clicked and never cashed out , you would lose every time . "
The balloon task has been previously used to assess tolerance for risky behavior among inner-city adolescents and substance abusers , among others .
" Obviously , there are situations in the real world where risky behavior would not be beneficial , " Lighthall said .
" Sometimes being conservative , thoughtful and taking it slow are good things . "
In the control group , men and women displayed statistically similar levels of risk taking , inflating the balloon about 40 times on average .
However , women in the stressed group only inflated the balloon an average of 32 times – more than 30 percent less often than their stressed male counterparts , who inflated the balloon an average of 48 times .
" Men seem to enter more risky financial situations than women , which was part of the impetus for our study , " Lighthall said .
" But only in the stressed condition did we see any statistical differences in risky behavior between men and women . "
Stressful experiences have been shown to stimulate the release of cortisol , commonly known as the " stress hormone . "
Participants randomly assigned to the stress group held a hand in ice - cold water , which raised cortisol levels , particularly among female participants .
No participants were using hormone birth control .
According to Lighthall , future research might use neuroimaging to explore how the brain processes stress or examine whether psychological stress , such as anticipating giving a speech , would yield similar results as the physical stress manipulation used in this study .
Mara Mather , director of the Emotion and Cognition Lab at USC and associate professor of psychology and gerontology at the USC Davis School of Gerontology , and Marissa Gorlick , also of the USC Davis School of Gerontology , were co-authors of the study .
The question of what Bugatti is going to do with itself once it completes the Veyron 's run of 300 cars ( and potentially 150 Grand Sports ) may have been answered today when Bugatti President ( and Bentley Chief Executive ) Franz Josef Paefgen unveiled the concept 16C Galibier at the company headquarters is Dorlisheim .
With the Veyron 's W16 engine turned around and put under the hood , and here fitted with two - stage superchargers ( instead of the Veyron 's four turbochargers ) , the Galibier will have ample low - end torque at low engine rpm , which is more fitting for a four - passenger car .
Though Wolfgang Schreiber , Bugatti's head of technical development , declined to be specific , you can figure on between 920 and 1,000 pound - feet of torque .
The company is targeting a top speed of 240 mph , which would handily establish the Galibier as the fastest four - door car in the world .
Bugatti has no clear idea what they should charge for such a car .
The Veyron costs about $ 1.8 million , depending on the exchange rate at the moment .
Paefgen said he was thinking " in the neighborhood " of the Veyron .
Some neighborhood .
The Galibier -- the name comes from a French Alpine pass that was applied to Bugatti's historic four - door saloons -- is by no means a sure thing .
Paefgen said the company will be taking the car to owner events and special showings around the world to gauge the potential market .
Then Bugatti will have to take its case to the VW Group board for approval .
The soonest a decision could come is next spring ; after that , according to Schreiber , it would take three years to bring the car to market .
In person , the concept car -- overseen by Bugatti exterior designer Achim Anscheidt -- is stunning .
It 's a little larger than the Bentley Continental GT , with broad , scalloped flanks rolling into the front wings , all in polished aluminum , and the remaining bodywork is fabricated out of tinted carbon fiber .
The structural chassis will be aluminum and carbon .
Schreiber says the car will be lighter than any comparable four - door car , but what car he might be thinking of escapes me .
The fastback rear design strongly evokes the Type 57 SC Atlantic with a slight raised spine limned in LED , the curvature of the trunk lid opening echoing the Atlantic 's trunk lid , and the quad exhausts -- two sets , for a total of eight tailpipes .
The interior is similarly spectacular , with a burled walnut surfboard - like console running between the front and rear cabin .
There are only two instruments in the dash -- a speedo and tach .
In front of the driver is an LCD screen with a kind of iPhone interface , allowing drivers to leaf through applications .
In a token bid of environmental responsibility , the car will run on petrol and be compatible with bioethanol , but you can tell talking to the Bugatti execs that their hearts simply are not into the carbon equation .
Quote of the day : " Our customers have said to us , when my neighbors ask about carbon , you [ Bugatti ] must come up with an answer , " said Paefgen . -- Dan Neil
Full release to follow .
Tags
The very idea of government acting to control any aspect of the practice of medicine should ignite passionate resistance on the part of physicians everywhere .
The new proposals to expand the role of government will deal a deathblow to a profession already under siege .
Now is the time to accurately name what is being proposed and have the courage to stop it .
It is difficult to believe that in the United States , a country founded on the principles of life and liberty , the outright subjugation of a profession by the government would even be considered .
As doctors , we took an oath .
We created the profession of medicine and claimed our standard required us to use our own best judgment at all times for the greater benefit of our patient .
We claim we base our treatments on " the evidence . "
It requires freedom and an independent mind to evaluate the evidence .
The evaluation process is the art of medicine .
You cannot legislate integrity and competence into doctors whose minds and judgment have been regimented to follow " best practice " guidelines .
It is a betrayal of our duty to our patient to use any consideration of some greater social good defined by the government to alter the best course of action for the patient .
Our customer rightly expects us in the doctor - patient relationship to have his welfare as our absolute priority .
It is immoral to use " average number of years of life a procedure would buy " — or any other government - inspired social utility — as a justification to limit the options we offer our patient .
An attorney would be considered unethical if he used consideration of the greater good of society to influence his representation of an accused murderer .
The state needs us .
When politicians say that healthcare must be formed into a mold of their own design , they are admitting their inability to persuade MDs to use their plan voluntarily .
Who will provide the care and carry out the directives of any of the proposed healthcare plans ?
That coverage would be " universal " is touted , but the fact that there are a finite number of physicians is never mentioned .
Medical care is not a right .
Medical care is a service provided by doctors and others to individuals who want to purchase it .
A patient presents to the doctor with a request for care .
The fact that the patient has a serious condition — even a life threatening one — does not entitle him , as his right , to the services of the doctor .
To claim that he does means that doctors and others who provide these services have no rights , or that society can deliberately ignore these rights for the " greater good . "
It is immoral for a professional organization to participate in , or to lend legitimacy to , any attempt by the government to control how care is defined and who will provide it .
If doctors will be prevented by the government from offering their services outside of a government plan , this is further confirmation that coercion is at work .
Indeed , if doctors are prevented by law to work outside of the plan — as is the case already in Canada , North Korea , and Cuba — it will mean the wholesale corruption of the profession of medicine .
" The coverage and types of policies available today are limited by government requirements , not by the free market . "
What is a right ?
The concept of a right defines freedom to act within the boundaries of the rights of others .
It is contradictory to claim that a person has a right to a good or service that requires , for its fulfillment , the violation of someone else 's rights .
If the exercise of a patient 's so - called " right " to healthcare imposes obligations on taxpayers to pay for it and healthcare practitioners to provide it , then it is not a right , but an attempt to enslave one part of the population for the benefit of another part .
In reality , these types of so - called " rights " are offered to groups of Americans by politicians in exchange for votes .
Claims of humanitarian concerns are merely a fig leaf over a naked power grab by the state .
The fact that some physicians may willingly participate in their own enslavement does not alter this fact .
There is no free market today in the American healthcare system .
Supply and demand is a law describing the relationship between the patients ' demand for goods — healthcare services — and the finite number of doctors , nurses , hospitals , and medicines that supply them .
It is a fact that the number of physicians has not kept pace with the increase in population .
Yet this is not for lack of people willing to work as doctors .
Even today , there are many more applicants to medical school than can be placed in the limited number of slots .
Government rules and the abuse of government power by special interest groups such as the AMA are responsible for the mismatch between doctors and the population requesting services .
The AMA and specialty groups use government , for instance , to restrict doctors in one state from practicing in another .
No such arbitrary rule applies to nurses ; nor should they apply to physicians .
Not all healthcare services require an MD .
By using the force of government , the AMA has been able to restrict the scope of practice of physician assistants ( PAs ) and nurse practitioners ( NPs ) .
When , more recently , PAs have been granted greater responsibility , it was not due to their sudden increase in skill , but to a successful battle against entrenched interests with political power .
Healthcare centers such as hospitals , offices , and clinics have been severely restricted by burdensome " certificates of need , " operating licenses , and other government requirements .
All of these have stifled the development of innovative ways to deliver care .
A free market would encourage innovation and customization of care , such as home visits to the elderly and telephone checks of pacemakers .
To claim that any government plan now proposed could give people more choices requires that the listener ignore the fact that a vast destruction of options has already occurred and that one 's choice is limited to what is left .
Insurance companies are not the villains .
No insurance company today has the power to limit the availability of care .
An insurance policy for healthcare is a contract between an individual and the policyholder to provide payment for care .
It can not ration care .
The coverage and types of policies available today are limited by government requirements , not by the free market .
Special - interest practitioners such as acupuncturists and massage therapists have lobbied the government to force insurance companies to include their services as a condition of doing business in a given state .
It is simply not possible to buy mere catastrophic or chronic - illness policies , because state governments vary only in how many mandates they require , not whether there are any .
Imagine how expensive auto insurance would be if the only policy you could buy due to government decree was one covering tire rotation , oil changes , windshield wiper replacement , etc. , as well as liability ?
It is ludicrous to blame the insurance companies for the resulting — and inevitable — increase in the number of people choosing not to purchase any insurance .
If the day comes when the government adopts the fundamental changes in medicine now being proposed , the physician 's only choices will be to obey the protocols , to ignore them and risk sanctions , or to quit the profession .
Choose a form of practice that permits the honest delivery of care .
There is no amount of money that will compensate you in the future for your lack of courage today .
State clearly , " I will not participate . "
Withhold the sanction of the victim .
Welcome to DiscoverCircuits -- online since 2002
Discover Circuits is a vital online resource for engineers , hobbyists , inventors & consultants .
The site 's collection of information will help you find quick
design ideas to electronic design problems .
Want People to Use Your Language Under Windows ?
Do This .
Whenever I hear about a new programming language or new implementation of an existing language , I usually find myself trying it out .
There 's a steep cost -- in terms of time and effort -- in deciding to use a new language for more than just tinkering , so I 'm not going to suffer through blatant problems , and I admit to being sensitive to interface issues .
Nothing gets me disinterested faster than downloading and installing a new language system , double - clicking the main icon ...
... and being presented with an ugly little 80x24 character Microsoft command window using some awkward 1970s font .
( Now before the general outcry begins , be aware that I 'm a regular command line user .
I 've used various versions of JPSoft 's enhanced command processors for Windows for close to 20 years now , and I usually have multiple terminal windows open when using my MacBook . )
The poor experience of this standard command window is hard to underestimate .
It always starts at a grid of 80x24 characters , even on the highest resolution of displays .
Sometimes even the basic help message of an interpreter is wider than forty characters , causing the text to wrap in the middle of a word .
The default font is almost always in a tiny point size .
Cut and paste do n't work by default , and even when enabled they do n't follow standard Windows shortcuts .
And , rather oddly , only a small subset of fonts actually work in this window .
It 's possible to do some customization of the command window -- change the font , change the font size , change the number of rows and columns of text -- and these will take it from completely unacceptable to something that might pass for 1980s nostalgia .
But that 's a step I have to take manually .
That initial double - click on the icon still brings up everything in the raw .
Basic aesthetics aside , the rudimentary features of a monochrome text window limit the opportunities for usability improvements .
I 'm always surprised at how many Windows ports of languages do n't even let me access previously entered commands ( e.g. , using up - arrow or alt - P ) .
Or how about using colors or fonts to differentiate between input and output , so I can more easily scan through the session history ?
If you want me to use your language -- and if you care about supporting Windows at all -- then provide a way of interacting with the language using a real Windows application .
Do n't fall back on cmd.exe .
Some languages are brilliant in this regard .
Python has the nice little IDLE window .
Factor and PLT Scheme have gone all - out with aesthetically - pleasing and usable environments .
Erlang and REBOL are n't up to the level of any of these ( Erlang does n't even remember the window size between runs ) , but they still provide custom Windows applications for user interaction .
permalink July 28 , 2009
previously
Mango And Its Relation With Fruit Astrology
Fruit astrology is a fashionable nowadays .
This form of astrology tells more about the personality traits of individuals depending on likes and dislikes in fruits .
A detailed study of character traits helps a person learn more about inner and outer self .
Here is something that you should know about mangoes !
More On Mango
Mangoes grow on trees that can reach 30 - 40 meters in height .
The trees have a crown radius of about 10 meters .
An evergreen tree with dark green leaves generally fruits in the summer months .
The flowers of the tree are small and white and have a mild sweet smell .
Once laden with fruit , the tree takes almost 4 - 6 months for the fruit to ripen .
The ripe fruit has a variable size and color .
The color of the fruit can range from yellow , orange , red or even green .
Though the fruit is eaten all over the world , the top mango producer in the world is India .
Mango - Fruit Astrology
Mango lovers are people with fixed ideas .
They can not be easily influenced .
They are also extremists with strong likes and dislikes .
They like to control situations .
Hence they are not very good followers .
Mango lovers love activities that mentally challenge them .
The above might make you feel that people who love to eat mangoes are snobs and have an extremely strong will .
But here you are wrong , as there is another aspect to them as well , and that is ; Mango lovers are quite timid where their love life is concerned .
They accommodate to changes happily and are very giving too .
in
" Morality is doing what is right , regardless what we are told .
Religious dogma is doing what we are told , no matter what is right . "
- Elka Enola
Whatever you may think of his days in power , there 's really no denying that since leaving office back in 1981 Jimmy Carter has become perhaps the greatest ex-president in American history .
And now he 's taken one more , very significant , step towards wrapping up that title once and for all :
He 's just quit his church of more than 60 years out of disgust at their sexist , bigoted views concerning women .
This is no ordinary ex-president or former elected official of any kind .
This is a man who has spent the past 30 years working with Habitat For Humanity building homes for the poor .
This is a man who has travelled the globe monitoring elections and mediating peace deals .
This is a man who has dedicated himself to peace , and through The Carter Center , has worked tirelessly to advance human rights , promote democracy , and alleviate human suffering worldwide .
Work that rightfully earned him the Nobel Peace Prize back in 2002 .
It 's not too hard to understand why the right - wing in America despises this guy so much .
After all , all of the above mentioned activities - those that make his time since leaving office such an incredible success - are the exact same things American conservatives would scoff at :
" Peace ?
Pleeease ! "
" Helping the poor ?
Come on man , what the # % &$ for ? "
Most significantly - and most outrageously to those on the American right - and in the face of seeming indifference and deafening silence from the vast majority of his fellow American politicians , Carter has spoken up loud and clear in the name of justice for the Palestinian people .
He alone , of prominent politicians in the U.S. , has had the guts to call the apartheid system that the Israelis are running in Israel / Palestine by name - opening himself up to vicious attacks from across the political spectrum throughout this country he once governed .
But he does n't care .
He knows he 's speaking up for truth and justice .
The haters be damned .
This is one rare American politician indeed .
Go Jimmy Go , Go : A Feminist Proclamation
If all that was n't enough to drive the right - wingers into fits of absolute FOXNEWS - inspired insanity , he 's now gone one step further .
Not only did he leave his church , the Southern Baptist Church , he also had the nerve to write a passionate article stating his firm belief in the equality of the sexes .
Conservatives would call it " wacko " , though the rest of us would most likely choose adjectives like brilliant and inspiring .
He came to this decision after church leaders decided to prohibit women from being ordained and insisted women be " subservient to their husbands " .
Feeling enraged , he sat down and , like some sort of 84 - year - old Southern male version of Germaine Greer , wrote a good ol ' fashioned feminist proclamation , which was published earlier this month in the Australian newspaper The Age .
Why an Australian paper and not one back in the States ?
I have no idea , but it 's one hell of a great article .
Here are some of the highlights :
At its most repugnant , the belief that women must be subjugated to the wishes of men excuses slavery , violence , forced prostitution , genital mutilation and national laws that omit rape as a crime .
But it also costs many millions of girls and women control over their own bodies and lives , and continues to deny them fair access to education , health , employment and influence within their own communities .
The root of this prejudice lies deep in our histories , but its impact is felt every day .
It is not women and girls alone who suffer .
It damages all of us .
The evidence shows that investing in women and girls delivers major benefits for society .
An educated woman has healthier children .
She is more likely to send them to school .
She earns more and invests what she earns in her family .
It is simply self - defeating for any community to discriminate against half its population .
We need to challenge these self - serving and outdated attitudes and practices .
The truth is that male religious leaders have had - and still have - an option to interpret holy teachings either to exalt or subjugate women .
They have , for their own selfish ends , overwhelmingly chosen the latter .
Their continuing choice provides the foundation or justification for much of the pervasive persecution and abuse of women throughout the world .
We 're ( Almost ) All Feminists
Now there 's some truth for you !!
I mean who , besides the willingly ignorant and tragically indoctrinated , could disagree with any of that ?
After decades of a coordinated anti-feminist backlash , it 's understandable that some people might not feel comfortable self - identifying as " feminist " , but the fact remains that anyone who , like Carter , believes in the equality of all people regardless of their gender is , in fact , a feminist .
For The Love Of Christ , What Next Jimmy ?
" Peacenik !
Bleeding heart helper of the poor !
Terrorist lover !
America hater !
And now FEMINIST ?!! " , you can just hear Sean Hannity , Bill O'Reilly and Rush Limbaugh and all the other right - wing blowhards losing their minds .
" Where 's his passion for all things American , like guns and foreign wars and cheering on bloodbaths in Gaza ?
What 's wrong with this guy ? "
" What next , is he going to come out as a believer in Darwinism ? "
Well , if he did he'd be , according to a Gallup poll earlier this year , part of the 39 % minority of Americans who profess belief in that most basic of scientific theories .
Bet he probably thinks , in complete contradiction of Biblical teaching , that the world is actually round too .
Freak !
" He 's clearly not a real American " , you can hear the O'Reillys and Limbaughs shout .
But , of course , he is .
He just happens to be from that enlightened half of the nation who prefer peace to war and social justice for the poor .
Oh and those crazy European and Canadian " socialistic " notions like machine guns for none and universal medical insurance for all .
Ok , perhaps one third of Americans .
Or one quarter ?
Whatever it is , he 's not alone in believing that his country - and the world - can be a much better place .
Ex-U.S. presidents , especially those in their 80s , are n't the first to come to mind when you think of crusading feminists , but , again , Carter 's definitely not your typical ex-president ... or guy in his 80s .
Now read his full article here : Losing my religion for equality
Mike Cowie ( Oredakedo )
Thursday , July 30th , 2009
Now check out this recent piece on healthcare reform in America : The Great Anti-Canadian - Healthcare Fraudster Joins The Great American Healthcare Debate
And check out these other recent political rants :
Canada : Top Ten Things To Love and Hate
A Narcissistic Sociopathic Cult - Running Ultra-Conservative Child - Diddling Crusader For Christ
The War On Terror Charade : 14 - Year - Old Terrorists and The Fight For Western Civilization
Freedom Denied !
Are We Happy Now : The Crushing of Sri Lanka 's Tamils
Nothing To Fear But Truth Itself : Criminalizing Criticism of Israel
For more on American politics visit the Politics : America page
For more on Canadian politics visit the Politics : Canada page
For more on Religion click here : Religion
And for lots more on politics of all types visit the Politics Homepage
BY
With new comics work from a comics legend making its way to English , Simone Castaldi is here to catch you up on what the monolingual have been missing out on .
Continue reading →
It is probably not that interesting for most of the people but I have my excuses .
What is more interesting - at least to me - is why others are involved .
After all there were already more than 40 people who made some contribution to Padre .
So I asked them to start writing down why are they involved .
Some of them have already added themselves to the developers page and we started a separate page for translators though that one is new and has no been filled yet .
So why do I write Padre ?
There is a short explanation on that page but let me bore you with a longer one here .
I have been teaching Perl 5 for almost 10 years now .
Both beginner level and advanced courses .
In the beginner courses the majority of the people use Windows with about 20 - 30 percent using Linux .
Most of the Windows users use Notepad ++ or a similar editor .
Some of them can configure their editor to run the perl script right from the editor , others do n't even know how to enable syntax highlighting for Perl 5 .
Some of the people on Windows do n't know what the command line is but even those who know how to open the command prompt are either afraid of it or just dislike it .
Mind you these are not stupid people or anything like that .
Some of them have many years of hardware design behind them .
They are just used to some kind of IDEs .
Others might use Linux / Unix but many not by choice .
In many cases the company they are working for gives them telnet access to an oldish Unix machine and tell them to code in Perl .
They hardly know vi , they do n't know how to configure syntax highlighting and they do n't know how to install any other editor .
I have been using vim for many years and I can testify that it is a superb editor .
Emacs is similarly strong but I have not used it since university .
The problem with both of them is that they are totally different from the editors most people are used to and their learning curve is long and steep .
It takes several months or even years to become familiar with them .
Most of the people do n't want to invest that energy and I certainly do n't have the time for that in a 4 days long Perl 5 course .
So I usually tell them to use whatever they are familiar with .
I think I never had a student who picked Eclipse or Emacs .
There were a few using vi/vim but most of the people used Notepad ++ or a similar Windows based editor .
I do n't think my students are too different from the average people learning and using Perl .
Most of them will never write a full blown web application .
Heck most of them wo n't have a need for object oriented coding as they write only 100 - 200 line long scripts in Perl .
They never get really familiar with Perl and they will always have to deal with strange code written by others .
With all the other tasks they are required to do in their primary language or tool they will keep wondering what is $ _ when they see it and will be surprised when they do n't .
They will wonder what is the relationship between $ _ and $ _ [ 0 ] .
So my first objective was to provide a simple Notepad ++ like editor with strong support for beginners or people with relatively little experience with Perl .
For example I 'd like to make sure that Padre users will be able to highlight $ _ , press F1 and get an explanation .
In case they highlight $ _ from a $ _ [ 0 ] expression Padre should be clever enough to point this out and give an explanation on @_ and @ _ [ 0 ] .
I knew it is a big task though I did not think it is soo big .
In any case I knew I cannot handle this alone , especially as I am not such a good programmer .
So from the very beginning I tried to make it interesting , accessible to experienced Perl 5 developers and in turn they made it fun and hackable .
Unfortunately most of the experienced Perl developers are also hard - core vim or emacs users and it is nearly impossible to move them away from their editor .
Luckily there were a few who got interested by the idea of having a lot of control over their editor and that made the difference between a failing one man project to a project with a lot of potential .
Then at one point came the idea to integrate Parrot and Rakudo and try to provide a platform for Perl 6 development as well .
With the awesome work of Ahmad M. Zawawi Padre has a lot to offer to anyone who wants to write Perl 6 code .
With some more work we 'll be able to integrate Parrot even better and then Padre will be able to handle any language running on top of Parrot .
While there are still lots of problems with Padre and installation can still be difficult it already more or less has the same power as Notepad + + on both Windows and Linux and probably on Mac too and it has some extra features that even vim people started to steal .
Steven Tyler , lead singer of Aerosmith , was loving it up until he hit the ground last night in South Dakota .
The rocker suffered head , neck and shoulder injuries after tumbling from the stage during a show in Rapid City .
The 61 - year old fell as he attempted to entertain the crowd during Aerosmith 's performance of Love in an Elevator .
Tyler was taken by helicopter to a Rapid City hospital , according to a spokesman .
It 's not clear how serious Tyler 's injuries are .
Several people in the crowd thought Tyler 's fall was part of Aerosmith 's act .
Jessica Kokesh , a journalism student who covered the concert for a local newspaper , said : " We thought maybe he stage - dived into the crowd , but he did n't get back up .
I thought he was falling back to crowd surf . "
After Tyler fell , security rushed his side and the crowd cheered when he stood up .
He was taken backstage , where a physician attended to him .
Later Aerosmith guitarist Joe Perry went on stage to tell the audience Tyler was being taken to the hospital and that the show would not go on .
Forget propping up zombie banks ( and zombie everything else ) .
And ignore our central bank 's war on interest rates .
A good question , which David Goldman at AITimes asks , is whether it's our demographics that ultimately doom us to repeate Japan 's two lost decades .
Back during Japan ’s lost decade of 1990 - 2000 ( the first lost decade , that is ) , Japan ’s population had just began to age dramatically .
In 1990 the elderly dependency ratio stood at 17 % , but it had risen to 25 % by 2000 .
As the Japanese aged their appetite for savings grew , and as their stock portfolios and home values crashed , they saved more and more .
The more they saved , the worse the economy did .
Interest rates of 0.25 % or less and spectacular government deficits could n’t make a dent in the vast shift towards a propensity to save .
The result was deflation : falling asset values and a strong yen .
Fast forward to America in 2010 , with an elderly dependency ratio of 19 % , right around where Japan was in 1990 .
By 2020 , it will rise to 25 % , almost as fast as Japan’s .
...
There is another deflationary dimension to aging .
Old people are creditors , young people are debtors .
Inflation is a transfer of wealth to debtors from creditors ( debtors pay back debt in cheaper dollars ) .
A country with a preponderance of old people will show strong political pressures against inflation .
As Uwe Parpart , Cantor Fitzgerald ’s market strategist , pointed out to me in conversation , that ’s why the Japanese never objected to deflation .
As old people , they benefited .
Bear in mind that the demographics - is - destiny crowd can get things spectacularly wrong .
Witness the collapse of the Irish economy , which only a few years ago Malcolm Gladwell was lauding for their ideal dependency ratios .
Then they collapsed .
There 's also the immigration question mark .
It has the potential to keep us young if people will still want to come here .
On the other hand , un - skilled immigration is no panacea for growth ( see : California ) .
Ultimately , the problem is not really savings or home values or stocks , it 's whether the thinning ranks of the young have enough real resources to care for their elderly in a manner they expect to be cared for .
Where will the actually supply of care come from ?
Another consideration that bodes ominously for us is the unemployment rate .
For whatever reason , our base level of unemployment is much higher here than in Japan , where the rate still stands at some ridiculously low level of around 5 % .
That may be bad news for investors in companies there -- who might like to see more aggressive cost cutting -- but from a broader societal stability standpoint ( which is the real basis for all these demographic questions ) that low unemployment rate is quite nice .
Robert Novak died today of brain cancer .
Novak will perhaps be best remembered -- if at all -- as one of the most compulsive professional liars to have wormed his way inside the Beltway , and that 's saying something .
And when it came to the interference he ran to protect the Bush - Cheney administration -- culminating in his central role in the Valerie Plame affair -- and his resulting efforts to cover his tracks , it even had historic proportions .
Novak himself had constantly lied about this role , and was fond of accusing the people uncovering his tracks of lying .
( See Marcy 's authoritative work on Novak for more . )
Unsurprisingly , his friends are now eager to make us all forget this .
Tim Carney 's remembrance omits any mention of it whatsoever .
And then there was Fred Barnes on Fox this morning , who simply followed in his friend 's footsteps and flatly lied about the Plame case :
Barnes : Bob -- you know , Bob was unruffled by the whole thing .
He had to get a lawyer , but , ah , you know , it was no problem to him .
Of course , it turned out that he was the first one to hear from anybody in the Bush administration about Valerie Plame , uhm , being a part , and her husband , you know , helping her husband get this , go to this trip to Africa , and then say that President Bush had -- what President Bush had said about Saddam Hussein seeking uranium in Africa was wrong .
They 're still discussing it .
It turns out that President Bush was right .
But anyway , Bob was caught up in this scandal , he'd heard about it first , and reported it in his column , and then was perfectly comfortable being the center of attention in a legal case that went on for years and years .
WTF ?
It 's long been an established fact that Novak 's reportage was wrong , and in fact was just a propaganda - driven smear on behalf of the Bush administration , since Plame in fact had nothing to do with Joe Wilson getting the Niger assignment .
( George Tenet himself explained : " Mid -level officials in CPD [ The CIA ’s Directorate of Operations Counterproliferation Division ] decided on their own initiative to [ ask Joe Wilson to look into the Niger issue because ] he'd helped them on a project once before , and he'd be easy to contact because his wife worked in CPD . " )
And since when has it " turned out " that " Bush was right " about the Niger yellowcake ?
Not only was the report on which he based the claim he made in the State of the Union built from set of hoax documents , but the White House ignored warnings that this was likely the case .
Moreover , there has been no subsequent evidence to suggest that Saddam indeed sought yellowcake from Niger .
Ah , but such things as facts and truthfulness matter little to people like Robert Novak and Fred Barnes .
All they care about is covering their tracks .
Lying is what they do , right up to their final breaths .
Look for the local forecast below … .
Today is the final day of the hurricane season in the North Atlantic .
This past year , there were 8 hurricanes and 16 named storms .
The forecast was about right on the named storms and short on the number of tropical cyclones that reached hurricane status .
Five of the hurricanes were considered “ major ” hurricanes , which is a high percentage .
So , the forecasters get a “ B ” in my book .
Here is a list of all of the storms with an archive of the advisories .
I bet you did n’t know that Gustav was responsible for 46 deaths and $ 1.9 billion in damage .
The storm with the biggest impact on the US was Hurricane Ike .
Curiously , the press did not really give it
much coverage after the storm was over even though I believe current cost estimates ( $ 8.1 Billion ) would put it as the 3rd costliest hurricane in US history behind Katrina and Andrew , though I ’m sure there will be quibbling about cost vs. inflation adjusted costs .
Ike also has so far been responsible for the deaths of 72 people with impacts far inland from its Galveston landfall .
There are still scores of people missing .
Yet , the press corps did n’t seem to think it was worth reporting .
You make the call as to why .
Here ’s a published story .
Anyway , over time , I had lots and lots of photos and videos associated with Ike from local video to NASA stuff .
Take a gander at it all below :
NYTIMES
Slide show
AP SLIDE SHOW - via yahoo
Houston Chronicle
Houston Chronicle Reader ’s Photo Gallery
More Photos from Houston
More Galveston Photos
Hurricane Ike Rescue photos
BBC Slide Show
CNN Link Video - Some Live shots ( as of 4 pm EDT 0914 )
Louisville Wind Damage From Ike video
Louisville Wind Damage Slide Show
KHOU - Bolivar Peninsula Destroyed - Video
CNN photos 19
CNN Houston Photos 8
Austin American Statesman photos 265
Hurricane Ike Damage - Boston WCVB Slide Show 63 images
Crystal Beach Video- Before Hurricane Ike
Crystal Beach Family Photo Video- Before Hurricane Ike
Crystal Beach Video- After Hurricane Ike Destruction
LA Times slideshow
Boston Globe ( 28 photos )
some GREAT HD images
NWS ( more photos ) Louisville
aerial video including Valhalla Louisville
RAW VIDEO FROM SUNDAY Louisville 9/14 aerials
Guardian UK Hurricane Ike Aftermath Photos
WCVB The Boston Channel
Spreadit photos
Here are USGS Before and After photos from Bolivar Peninsula .
( Graphical Map of Crystal Beach Detailing Devastation )
Numerous videos from Houston / Galveston Aftermath of Hurricane Ike
KRIV Hurricane Ike Damage Photos .
link to the NYTimes slide show Galvestonians return to island
No Snow : I ” ve tried to find an excuse to get you folks excited about snow but it just is n’t there .
The 18Z
Meso -ETA is the model that I am using as an example and , while the GFS is a little colder , the Meso - ETA is pretty representative of the current thinking which is that the lower part of the atmosphere will be just too warm when the precipitation is falling .
I guess the biggest difference is that the GFS would put out about a quarter to half inch of snow Monday night that may accumulate but we ’re thinking that most of the moisture will be out of here by then .
If you look at the 1PM Monday Meso - ETA precip , then compare it with the surface temperatures you will see that they are well above freezing .
Then , the 900 mb temperatures are just above - 4C which is about 25 F and is about 800 meters off the deck … 2500 feet or so .
This is not a very good recipe for snow … maybe snow showers on Monday but accumulation will be tough and I would n’t be surprised to see some light rain mix in with any snow .
Kids , you ’re going to school .
The week ahead looks cold with Wednesday the exception with highs in the low to mid 50 ’s ahead of another cold front .
( See Corrections & Amplification item below . )
With unemployment at 9.4 % and rising , it ’s a buyer ’s market for employers that are hiring .
But many employers are bypassing the jobless to target those still working , reasoning that these survivors are the top performers .
“ If they ’re employed in today ’s economy , they have to be ...
« previous post | next post »
" Best . Cartoon .
Ever " , says Jesse Sheidlower , about The Rut for 7/15/2008 :
" Well , maybe not greatest , but I really love this " , he hedged .
I also enjoyed many of the other cartoons at the same site .
Permalink
Greenback Gases , Gold & the Coming Shift By Darryl Robert Schoon
Sep 14 2009 4:19 PM www.drschoon.com
Bankers in charge of our economies makes as much sense as candy makers being in charge of our diets
At the end of a good movie , oftentimes apparently unrelated events are woven together and it becomes clear how and why things happened .
If , today , it feels as if we are at the end of an era , it is because we are ; and , just like the movies , only at the end do certain events and the reasons for them become clear .
The removal of gold from the global monetary system was not by accident .
It allowed governments to do what they could not otherwise do .
Gold can not be printed .
Paper money can .
Therein lays the cause and consequence of what is happening today .
BEFORE THE WELFARE STATE WAS THE WARFARE STATE
The introduction of paper money allowed war to be conducted on credit with credit - based paper money .
In return for allowing bankers to issue England ’s money in the form of paper script , bankers allowed King William , England ’s king , to wage war on credit , giving England an advantage over other nations which England parlayed into world dominion .
Good ideas spread and the idea of waging war on credit also spread .
Prior to World War I , both France and Germany went off the gold standard in order to go to war backed by limitless amounts of paper money , instead of being constrained by limited amounts of gold .
The resultant carnage would not have been as extreme had France and Germany been forced to pay good money , instead of bad , for their arms .
But even after WWI and WWII , in the wake of the greatest suffering humanity ever endured , the desire to wage war on credit continued .
When WWII ended , the US emerged as a world power .
Unlike Europe and Asia on whose continents the conflict was waged , the US emerged relatively unscathed and realizing it was now the world ’s only superpower , the US decided to insure its new found status by maintaining and enlarging its already formidable military machine .
It did so by spending all the gold it had accumulated ; up to that time , the largest amount of gold ever owned by any nation in history .
In 25 years , from 1946 to 1971 , the US overspent its entire gold reserves of 21,775 tons in the pursuit of world dominion .
During those 25 years , the US had a positive balance of trade with the rest of the world so its gold reserves should have substantially increased , not disappeared .
Prior to 1971 , gold was used by nations to settle trade imbalances but the US imbalance was not caused by trade , it was caused by the costs of maintaining a worldwide military presence and the overseas expansion of US corporations .
GOLD — THE LAST STRAW
The complete removal of gold from the world monetary system finally occurred in 1971 when the US refused to pay other nations in gold what it then owed .
The US refused to do so because the US no longer had enough gold to redeem the vast amount of US dollars it had printed and spent ( the US did keep what gold it had ) .
To this day , what was set in motion in 1971 has yet to be fully grasped and understood .
Lack of understanding , however , will not prevent its consequences and the US and , indeed , the world , are now about to experience what was then set in motion , an economic meltdown of epic proportions .
When the US removed gold from the world ’s monetary system , it removed the one critical element upon which the entire world economy was based .
Because the removal had been gradual , the essential role gold performed had been forgotten — but forgetting gold ’s role did not mean it had none as many believed , e.g. Keynes , Friedman , Krugman , Volcker , Bernanke , etc .
A description of the critical role of gold and the gold standard was written by Professor Antal Fekete in his essay The Gold Standard Strikes Back … … With A 36 - Year Lag … Gold has the same role to play in the monetary system as the fly - wheel regulator does in an engine , the brake does in a train , and circuit - breakers do in an electrical network .
Gold is the regulator of the quantity of debt in the economy that can be safely created and carried .
It is also safeguarding quality by rejecting toxic debt before it can start metastasis .
Debt - based currency utterly lacks safeguards limiting quantity and vouching for quality of debt .
Debt - based currency is an invitation to disaster , that of the toppling of the Tower of Babel .
Its effects are far from being instantaneous .
There is a threshold and there is a critical mass involved .
We have long since crossed that threshold and passed that critical mass .
By no rational calculus can the outstanding debt be expected to be repaid without inflationary or deflationary adventures , even if further increase were stopped dead in its track .
The discussion of the present financial crisis by academia and media avoids all reference to this fact .
Under the gold standard a fast - breeder of debt was unthinkable , and debt was retired in an orderly manner .
Using Professor Fekete ’s metaphors , with the regulator of debt now disabled , the brakes discarded , and the circuit breakers removed , it is now understandable , as the last and final act of our financial drama plays out , why we now find ourselves buried beneath unbearable and unpayable quantities of toxic debt .
Removing gold from the international monetary system in 1971 allowed the US to then begin issuing US dollars in increasingly excessive amounts as the US was no longer constrained by gold to maintain any semblance of fiscal restraint .
While consequences may be delayed they can not be avoided .
It ’s been 38 years since the US removed gold from the international monetary system .
As a consequence , the system is now beginning to collapse .
Someday , it will collapse completely .
FEAR - BASED OPTIMISM
Increasingly , the sound - bites of politicians , economists and the media are becoming more positive , indicating that an economic recovery is underway .
It is not .
If it were , governments would be able to slow or stop the spending they are desperately hoping will rescue their respective economies .
None are so doing .
But despite trillions of dollars , the global economy is still contracting .
Signs of improvement are due only to the massive amounts of government aid being spent in the hopes of reviving private demand , demand irrevocably crippled by now unpayable levels of debt .
GREENBACK GASES AND THE MELTDOWN OF THE WORLD FINANCIAL SYSTEM
As China in particular has now observed , the US is increasingly exhibiting signs of monetary incontinence .
The US has been unable to control its spending for decades , it is clearly incapable of balancing its budget , and fiscal restraint in the US has gone the way of the Constitution and the Geneva Accords .
China is especially distressed at the apparent inability of the US to control itself .
China is holding the vast majority of US debt and , as a self - declared socialist state , finds itself in the incongruous position of having underwritten US wars in Iraq and in Afghanistan along with tax cuts George Bush dispensed to the wealthy .
China and the world has , in effect , been held hostage by the US as a result of the US dollar still being the world reserve currency even after the US defaulted on its gold obligations in 1971 .
The world ’s acceptance of a fiat currency as a world reserve currency has now destabilized the global economy beyond its ability to recover .
For decades , the US has been able to buy goods and services and to repay its extensive borrowings with increasingly worthless paper script .
Those days are numbered .
The increasingly fragile house of cards constructed of credit and paper money is now in its final stages of collapse .
The global economy is lurching from one bubble to another and we are approaching the end of bankers ’ and governments ’ ability to pass off their paper money as a store of value .
Gold is a store of value .
Paper money is not .
GOLD ’S ASCENT
In the last two weeks , gold moved strongly upwards .
It did so as the US dollar fell .
Perhaps the two events are linked , perhaps not .
But over the last decade , the price of gold has quadrupled in terms of US dollars , rising as the US dollar has fallen .
No longer having to play the part of the monkey dancing to the tune of government organ grinders , Alan Greenspan recently remarked on gold ’s sudden ascent : Sept. 9 ( Bloomberg ) --
Gold prices that jumped above $ 1,000 an ounce this week are signaling that investors are buying metals to hedge against declines in currencies , former Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan said .
The gains are “ strictly a monetary phenomenon , �?
Greenspan said today at an investment conference in New York .
Rising prices of precious metals and other commodities are “ an indication of a very early stage of an endeavor to move away from paper currencies , �? he said .
A recent study showed why Greenspan and other economists did not predict the greatest economic collapse in recent history .
As befits the profession , the reason for economists ’ poor judgment was money .
To succeed in the field of economics , it is virtually necessary that economists support the policies of the Fed .
The following is from “ How The Federal Reserve Bought The Economics Profession� ? , http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2009/09/07/priceless-how-the-federal_n_278805.html :
One critical way the Fed exerts control on academic economists is through its relationships with the field 's gatekeepers .
For instance , at the Journal of Monetary Economics , a must - publish venue for rising economists , more than half of the editorial board members are currently on the Fed payroll -- and the rest have been in the past .
The Fed failed to see the housing bubble as it happened , insisting that the rise in housing prices was normal .
In 2004 , after " flipping " had become a term cops and janitors were using to describe the way to get rich in real estate , then - Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan said that " a national severe price distortion [ is ] most unlikely . "
A year later , current Chairman Ben Bernanke said that the boom " largely reflect strong economic fundamentals . "
The Fed also failed to sufficiently regulate major financial institutions , with Greenspan -- and the dominant economists -- believing that the banks would regulate themselves in their own self - interest .
It is clear the lure of money is as seductive to economists as it is to those they study .
Money , while a very powerful incentive , rarely improves the quality of truth .
It is erroneous to believe , however , that all economists who agree with the Fed ’s role and mission have been bought .
Others may be sincerely mistaken in their beliefs .
One of the primary reasons I attend Professor Fekete ’s seminars is the opportunity to hear academically rigorous discourse untainted by the all - too - common orthodoxy that passes today for economics .
As I have previously written , the study of modern economics is like the study of religion in a time of idolatry .
It is the Fed and its stranglehold on economic debate that has confined discussion within the bounds that do not threaten the Fed or its interests .
This is tantamount to discussing religion during the Middle Ages without discussing the power and ambition of the Church .
Such discussions leave much to be desired .
THE LAST WALTZ
The current economic crisis is now moving quickly towards resolution .
How and when it will end is as uncertain as that it will .
Systemic death is never easy and the banker ’s paper money , like the fatal virus it is , is now everywhere .
Its end will not be easy .
Severe climate change , food shortages , and the possibility of a pandemic are taking their place beside the ever - present possibility of military conflict .
The collapse of the financial system will not be the only crisis that confronts humanity in the near future .
We are moving from one era into the next .
Change is never easy and significant change is significantly more difficult .
The bankers ’ credit was responsible for much of what happened in the last three hundred years .
It is impossible to imagine what life will be like in its absence .
Only one thing is certain — it will be better .
Buy gold , buy silver , have faith .
Darryl Robert Schoon
www.survivethecrisis.com
blog www.posdev.net/pdn/index.php?option=com_myblog&blogger=drs&Itemid=81 **** November 2 - 5 , Professor Fekete will be speaking in Australia on “ The World Financial Crisis and the Vanishing Gold Basis� ?.
For those wishing to know more about the professor , the wikipedia reference , http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Antal_E._Fekete, is invaluable .
I also discuss Professor Fekete on my YouTube channel , http://www.youtube.com/user/SchoonWorks.
For information about the up - coming event in Australia , see http://www.professorfekete.com/gsul.asp .
I , and others , will be speaking as well .
Introduction
Before upgrading from a “ dumb phone ” to a “ smart phone , ” I did a lot of online research .
I read reviews .
I watched YouTube videos .
Unfortunately , most online reviews are kind of useless .
They ’ll say things like “ There ’s a nifty little switch over here .
And you can press this button .
That does this .
This also does that . ”
I ’m hoping my first - impressions review will be a lot more useful , and I will follow up with a more extensive review after I ’ve had a few weeks to really get to know this phone .
Background ( narcissistic babble — feel free to skip )
For the past few years , I ’ve always had a “ dumb ” cell phone .
It makes calls .
It receives calls .
It allows me to check voicemail .
That ’s about it .
I ’d never understood the need for Blackberries or other “ smart ” phones .
I saw people in expensive business suits using those phones and figured I ’d never have use for such a thing .
Then the iPhone happened .
Both my wife and I were very impressed with Steve Jobs ’ demonstration of the iPhone .
I saw it as revolutionary , even though it had its faults .
My wife , a big Apple fan , still waited until at least the the second - generation iPhone came out to get one .
Once she got it , though , both of us were impressed .
The whole time she ’s been using the iPhone , I ’ve been enviously looking on , wanting a smartphone of my own .
Unfortunately , since I am a Linux user , and hell will freeze over before Apple makes a Linux port of iTunes , an iPhone is out of the question .
And , no , I am not going to dual - boot with Windows to run iTunes .
No , I am not going to try to jailbreak the iPhone and then have some update break everything so I can no longer sync with Ubuntu .
I want something that just works .
Windows Mobile was out of the question .
No more Windows for me , thanks .
I got a little bit excited about the Palm Pre , but two things held me back from it .
1 ) all the reviews said the battery life is terrible and 2 ) it uses the WebOS , which does n’t look as if it ’s going anywhere , unlike Google ’s Android , which is far more likely to be installed on more and more phones as the years go by ( making its Android Market — the equivalent of the iTunes App Store — increasingly robust ) .
Like my wife , I do n’t like to buy first - generation products .
So the T - Mobile G1 was out .
But then the T - Mobile MyTouch 3G arrived .
Google Android .
Second - generation .
Linux - friendly ( Linux - based , actually ) .
And with my wife complaining about dropped calls with AT&T ( American iPhone users have to sign up with AT&T to use a non-jailbroken iPhone ) , I was ready to give T - Mobile a chance .
So I took the plunge .
After one day of use , here are my first impressions .
What I do n’t like
If you ’re filling out something , instead of automatically focusing on the text box to fill in , the interface waits for you to manually click on the text box in order to bring up the on - screen keyboard .
A few dialogues will give you the option to click Done when you ’re done with the on - screen keyboard , but most will have only a Return key to go to the next line .
So in order to get the keyboard to go away , you have to hold down the Menu key ( a plastic key , not a touchscreen key ) .
when you ’re done with the on - screen keyboard , but most will have only a Return key to go to the next line .
So in order to get the keyboard to go away , you have to hold down the Menu key ( a plastic key , not a touchscreen key ) .
Even though there is an onscreen touch keyboard , there are eight hard plastic keys as well .
Once you get used to them , they ’re fine , but at first they ’re a bit confusing , especially what the difference between Menu and Home is .
I ’ve found the Menu key to be invaluable , no matter what application I ’m in .
If I ’m ever lost , I can press the Menu key and something useful will come up .
The search key is completely useless .
I have done quite a bit of fiddling in the last day , and I have never used the search key .
used the search key .
There is an option to turn off “ background data ” to save battery life , which is great .
Unfortunately , you have to enable it in order to browse the Android Market for new applications .
Not awful , but a little annoying .
So to browse the Market , I have to turn on Background Data , browse , and then turn Background Data off again .
I do n’t know why T - Mobile or Google did n’t just include this app as part of the default OS , but there is an app to give you visual voicemail ( so you can click to listen to or delete messages instead of going through the menus of a call - in system ) .
Unfortunately , in order to use it , you can not be connected to a wireless network ( unencrypted , WEP , WPA , WPA2 ) .
You have to be connected to the regular T - Mobile network only .
be connected to a wireless network ( unencrypted , WEP , WPA , WPA2 ) .
You have to be connected to the regular T - Mobile network only .
You have to have a Google email account or sign up for one before you can use the phone .
I had one already ( which I do n’t really use ) .
Still , that ’s a ridiculous requirement .
There are a lot of times when you ’re confronted with a screen and no immediately obvious way to proceed ( no submit or enter button , no next or finish button ) .
At first I just got kind of confused and hit the Back plastic key .
Eventually , I learned to press
Menu to get a contextual menu up , which usually had a useful option .
A bit counterintuitive .
There ’s an automatic playlist ( what Apple calls a “ smart playlist ” ) in the music section called “ Recently Added . ”
There does not appear to be a way to add other smart playlists , though ( recently played , most frequently played , etc. ) .
You can create new playlists manually , but that ’s also not obvious ( you have to do a long click on the first song you want in the playlist and then select to add it to a playlist and then select to create a new playlist ) .
There is no official Facebook app , so if you want to do mobile uploads , you have to use third - party upload - to - Facebook apps ( which are kind of annoying and do n’t always work ) or email the photos or videos to the secret upload - to - Facebook email associated with your account .
It is n’t obvious how to connect the MyTouch to your computer in order to drag and drop files .
I plugged in the USB cord , and it did n’t show up as a removable drive .
I checked the output of dmesg | tail in the terminal , and it definitely showed up as being plugged in , but it did n’t show up in sudo fdisk -l even .
Eventually , I figured out that you have to go to notifications in the MyTouch and manually dismount ( from the MyTouch ) the SD card so that it will automatically mount ( to your computer ) .
Then after you unmount it from your computer , you also have to manually remount it to the MyTouch .
in the terminal , and it definitely showed up as being plugged in , but it did n’t show up in even .
Eventually , I figured out that you have to go to notifications in the MyTouch and manually dismount ( from the MyTouch ) the SD card so that it will automatically mount ( to your computer ) .
Then after you unmount it from your computer , you also have to manually remount it to the MyTouch .
Like the iPhone , the MyTouch will switch from portrait to landscape mode if you rotate the phone , but the animation is not smooth at all .
First the screen gets a little blurry , and then it jerkily rotates over .
It happens quickly … just not smoothly .
Mixed bag
The touchscreen is n’t as sensitive as the iPhone touchscreen .
In some ways , this is a good thing .
For example , no matter how slim your hands are , the tip of your finger will always be bigger than the onscreen keyboard keys .
So when I try to type on the iPhone , I often end up pressing the wrong key ( and the autocorrection never works ) .
With the MyTouch , I pretty much never make a typing mistake .
On the other hand , I ’m not always typing .
Sometimes a simple swipe to scroll up or down in a list or on a page will just not register , and I ’ll have to swipe again a little harder to get the scroll to actually work .
Some reviews I read complained that you ca n’t just plug a standard headphone into the MyTouch .
I can see how that might be annoying , but the MyTouch does come with a USB adapter with a little microphone and play / pause button built into it ( and headphones that are half - way decent ) .
There ’s no Flash in the web browser .
This is makes certain websites non-functional , but the iPhone does n’t have this either .
In fact , I do n’t think any smartphone has it .
Is n’t this an Adobe issue ?
What I like
The voice recognition for voice searches is really good .
Sure , you ca n’t mumble .
You do have to enunciate .
But you do n’t have to train it to recognize your voice , and if you do enunciate , usually Android guesses right on what you want to search for .
If I ’m in a public place , I may feel a bit self - conscious doing voice searches .
If I have to do one , though , it ’s nice to know that it works , and it ’s much quicker than typing using an onscreen keyboard .
You can easily delete or move desktop shortcuts by holding them down and dragging them around or to the trash .
You can also easily add desktop shortcuts by holding down an empty space and creating a link to an application or even to a browser bookmark .
Any song on your phone can easily be made into a ringtone .
Just do a long hold on the song , and a context menu will pop up with that option .
Apps can be easily installed and removed from your phone .
Once you do figure out the whole mounting / unmounting thing , the MyTouch Micro SD card just shows up as removable storage , even in Linux , and you can just drag and drop pictures or music to various folders , and the MyTouch will immediately recognize those once the card is remounted .
I like the way the phone unlocks ( press the menu key twice ) better than the way the iPhone unlocks ( press the hard button and then draw a horizontal line with your finger ) .
Web searches seem pretty fast .
And Opera Mini is available for free in the Android Market .
I ’m going to keep both the default browser and Opera around .
With Opera , I have it configured not to load images , so when I do text - only searches , it ’ll load even faster .
With the default browser , I can see websites that do require images .
The back button ( as a plastic key ) is very handy , and it really will bring you back to whatever screen you were last on , regardless of whether you are going from one webpage to the last webpage or from one screen to another screen .
I knew ahead of time that Android 1.5 did not support multi- touch ( the “ pinch ” that the iPhone has for photos and webpages to zoom in and zoom out ) .
I thought that missing feature would annoy me , but I have n’t found a lot of situations in which zooming seems necessary .
I wo n’t complain if the 2.0 update includes multi- touch , though .
Conclusion
Overall , I ’m quite pleased with it ( granted , after only one day ) .
Most of the reviews made it sound as if it ’s nothing special ( not an iPhone killer , not that much better than the G1 ) .
With all the pros and cons I ’ve laid out , though , it is still fun and easy to use .
It has some counterintuitive or annoying elements , sure .
Nevertheless , even after only one day , I ’m getting used to those or finding workarounds for them .
If American Linux users are looking for a good smartphone that works with Linux , definitely consider the MyTouch 3G .
" Executives and other highly compensated employees now receive more than one - third of all pay in the US ...
Highly paid employees received nearly $ 2.1 trillion of the $ 6.4 trillion in total US pay in 2007 , the latest figures available . "
:
" What could a person such as William McGuire or Lee Raymond ( the former CEOs of UnitedHealth and ExxonMobil , respectively ) possibly do to justify a $ 1.7 billion paycheck or a $ 400 million retirement bonus ? "
" unregulated "
" unregulated "
" Trustbuster "
" War Profiteers "
India 's prime minister today signalled a huge push in nuclear power over the coming decades , using an untested technology based on nuclear waste and the radioactive element thorium .
Manmohan Singh , speaking at a conference of atomic scientists in Delhi , announced that 470,000MW of energy could come from Indian nuclear power stations by 2050 — more than 100 times the current output from India 's current 17 reactors .
" This will sharply reduce our dependence on fossil fuels and will be a major contribution to global efforts to combat climate change , " he said , adding that Asia was now seeing a huge spurt in nuclear plant building .
The Indian plan , which relies on untested technology , was criticised by anti-nuclear campaigners as " a nightmare disguised as a dream " .
The prime minister said a breakthrough deal with the US , sanctioned by the international community , had opened the door for the country to " think big " and meet the demands of its billion - strong population .
He did not say how much the plans would cost , or how they would be paid for .
The intervention comes as talks in Bangkok aimed at resolving the impasse between developing and developed countries over a new climate change deal to replace the Kyoto protocol have stalled .
India , one of the world 's biggest emitters of greenhouse gases , has been dismayed that its pledges of action – including a dramatic expansion of nuclear power - have been met with inaction from richer nations .
The prime minister 's statement also brings Delhi alongside Beijing which has long promoted atomic energy .
India 's plan would see it leapfrog its northern neighbour .
At present China has 11 reactors in operation producing 8,000MW but has proposed that by 2020 this output be increased 10 - fold .
The UK , by contrast , has an installed capacity of around 12,000 MW , much of which is due to go offline and be replaced by a new fleet of reactors in the next decade .
Nuclear power has been a contentious issue in India .
Although the country has had a decades - old atomic programme , it was effectively blacklisted from global civilian nuclear trade after testing a nuclear device in 1974 .
That embargo was lifted in 2008 after negotations with Washington .
The result has been a rush to sign deals – both to supply uranium and to build reactors .
France , Russia and the United States have all sought access to the booming Indian market .
India has an ambitious three - stage nuclear programme which it sees as a " silver bullet " to its dire energy shortage .
At present 400 m people cannot light their homes and the country imports 70 % of its oil .
Delhi says that it will be able to surmount these considerable problems and generate clean green power with an atomic programme that " virtuously recycles " the plutonium waste that reactors produce .
This radioactive isotope takes thousands of years to be rendered safe and dealing with it is the greatest challenge facing nuclear energy 's proponents .
The Indian plan turns this waste into fuel .
Using thorium , which is abundant in the country , combined with plutonium , the country aims to produce power and " breed " stockpiles of uranium .
It is a technology that no other country has mastered – and many have dropped – but India still has more than 2,000 scientists working on the technical problems .
Singh said the country had entered " stage two " of the programme and had completed a prototype breeder reactor in southern India .
However campaigners said " if climate change is the problem , nuclear power is not the answer " .
SP Udayakumar , convenor of India 's Alliance for Anti-Nuclear Movements , questioned whether the technology India was pushing would ever be ready .
" The nuclear technology the prime minister talks about is not proven .
If we start going ahead then the issue is the amount of carbon emitted by building , maintaining , operating and decommissioning nuclear plants means that ( nuclear power ) is a hugely polluting technology .
If it does not work then we are left with waste that takes 24,000 years to become safe .
It is a gamble we will pay for generations to come . "
Many of the underlying standards that define modern e-mail technology were originally developed in the 1980s .
Almost 30 years after the birth of SMTP , e-mail is still the dominant Internet communication medium despite its significant limitations and increasingly anachronistic design .
Supplementary services like instant messaging and microblogging have emerged to fill in some of the gaps , but virtually no attempts have been made to build a holistic replacement for e-mail .
Our most important day - to - day messaging infrastructure remains intractably mired in antiquity .
To advance the current state of Internet communication to the next level , it will take a truly audacious vision and highly sophisticated technology .
The engineers at Google seem to have both .
At the Google I/ O conference earlier this year , the search giant unveiled a new prototype service called Wave , which aims to deliver a unified platform for next - generation messaging .
The prototype , which is currently accessible to a limited number of users and is scheduled to open up for broader testing soon , is an intriguing communication tool that also provides compelling insight into the future of the Web .
What is Wave
The scope of Google 's Wave project is broad , which makes it difficult to define concisely .
It brings together elements of instant messaging , e-mail , collaborative rich document editing , and generic support for third - party Web services in a single seamless communication medium that is more flexible than any of those things individually .
On a technical level , it is a messaging platform that consists of a protocol , a Web service , a set of standard extension APIs , and an open - source concurrency framework .
Communication within the Wave service is organized in a structure that is a bit like ad - hoc forum threads .
Each top - level conversation contains groups of messages that are sort of like subthreads .
The conversations are referred to as " waves " and the subthreads are called " wavelets " .
Individual messages , which are called " blips " , are the smallest discrete conversational unit of a wave .
The distinction between Wave — the service — and " wave " — the conversational unit — is significant , so keep an eye on the capitalization .
In e-mail terms , a wave is like a group of messages tied to a specific subject line .
A wavelet is like a single thread of messages that that are sent as replies to that subject , and a blip is like an individual e-mail .
It 's important to note that these concepts are not totally analogous , as Wave reflects a distinctly different messaging paradigm and does n't totally conform with the e-mail model .
We will explore some of the differences shortly .
When a user starts a wave , they can invite any number of other users to join the discussion .
Participants can post individual messages , edit shared content , and insert rich media such as images or Google Map widgets .
Wave is designed to facilitate real - time concurrent messaging , meaning that content appears to all users immediately and multiple users can edit and submit content at the same time .
When a user starts typing a message , the individual text characters of the message will appear to other participants as the user is typing .
It will eventually be possible to selectively disable real - time transmission for individual blips by enabling a " draft " mode which is not yet available in Google 's current prototype .
Although messages are displayed immediately to participants who are actively viewing the wave , the messages will still be available later to non-active participants .
This means that Wave can seamlessly be used for both real - time communication like instant messaging and for delayed communication like e-mail .
Short blips look and feel a lot like instant messages .
In Google 's user interface , they are displayed as a short block of text alongside the name of the sender and their account profile icon .
Users can reply to individual blips to start a wavelet thread .
In Google 's interface , the threads are displayed inline with nesting and indentation to indicate their hierarchical structure .
The reason why I explicitly mention Google 's interface is because the service will eventually support third - party client and server systems which could potentially present message content in radically different ways .
Google 's implementation will help define a lot of the baseline visual idioms for representing Wave concepts , but there are a lot of possible interpretations and there is still room for improving on Google 's user interface even though it 's already very good .
In addition to being able to reply to blips , users can also edit blips , including ones posted by other participants .
This level of mutability is one of the most profound advantages that Wave offers over conventional e-mail .
On the basis of individual blips , it makes it easy to annotate , correct , or elaborate on messages posted by other users .
More significant , however , is the ability to restructure the entire conversation .
This brings some wiki - like characteristics to the Wave communication model .
When consensus is reached on a topic that is under discussion , for example , you could just erase the related wavelets and replace them with a single block of text that describes the outcome of the discussion .
This kind of refactoring makes it possible to streamline discussions and throw away noise that is no longer needed .
But what if someone arrives late to the thread and wants to see how the decision was reached ?
Or what if you have a compelling reason to want to go back and look at the decision - making process ?
Fortunately ,
Wave has a built - in revision history mechanism that records individual messaging operations as they are being performed .
This means that you can roll back the state of the Wave and view it as it was at any time during the discussion .
Google provides a really convenient slider widget that you can drag to move forward or backward in the timeline .
There is also a " Playback " button that will start at the beginning and show you each operation throughout the history of the wave as if you are watching it play out in real time .
This revision history gives you the freedom to delete messages and move them around as needed without having to worry about losing important information .
A taxi driver with a penchant for conspiracy theories becomes a target after one of these theories turns out to be true .
Unfortunately , to save himself , he has to figure out which theory it is .
The UK police watchdog is finally looking into the widespread use of anti-terrorism stop - and - search powers by cops .
The event that spurred them into it ?
Two plainclothes cops stopped a 43 - year - old man and his 11 - year - old daughter and her six - year - old friend .
They took the man 's USB sticks , phones , camera and CD , made him stand in front of a CCTV to be photographed , and then they searched and photographed the children .
They never told the man where he could go to get his property returned .
They never returned it .
Where I come from , that 's called " being mugged . "
The Independent Police Complaints Commission ( IPCC ) said todayit would " manage " the investigation into the incident in July , meaning that an independent investigator will control the inquiry conducted by the Met 's Directorate of Professional Standards …
In a statement today , the IPCC said : " The complainant states that , when he asked under what legislation his property was being seized , he was told it was under section 44 of the Terrorism Act 2000 .
He also complained that he was given no information as to when he could retrieve his goods or who to contact in order to do so , and that there was no communication from police despite assurances that he would be told when he could collect his things . "
Police investigated over stop and search of man and children under terror law
Van Jones said he wanted to avoid being a distraction for the White House A White House adviser has resigned in a row about crude remarks he made about Republicans , and over his signing of a controversial 9/11 petition .
Van Jones , President Obama 's adviser on green jobs , had issued two public apologies in the past week .
One of the apologies was for signing a petition in 2001 , which suggested the Bush administration may have allowed the 9/11 terror attacks to happen .
As he quit , Mr Jones said opponents had " mounted a vicious smear campaign " .
The row that has engulfed Van Jones centred on video of a speech he gave before joining the Obama administration , and a petition that questioned whether the Bush administration " may indeed have deliberately allowed 9/11 to happen , perhaps as a pretext for war " .
On Friday , President Obama 's press secretary failed to give public support to the environmental adviser , saying only that he " continues to work for the administration " .
In a media statement , Van Jones said the reason for his resignation was to avoid being a distraction in the Obama administration 's efforts to pass healthcare reforms and climate change legislation .
" On the eve of historic fights for healthcare and clean energy , opponents of reform have mounted a vicious smear campaign against me , " he said .
" I cannot in good conscience ask my colleagues to expend precious time and energy defending or explaining my past .
We need all hands on deck , fighting for the future , " Mr Jones wrote in his resignation letter .
' Extremist views ' Senior Republicans had been demanding Mr Jones stand down , with some stating Congress should investigate his " fitness " for the role .
Republican congressman Mike Pence said : " His extremist views and coarse rhetoric have no place in this administration or the public debate . "
Van Jones , a former civil rights activist , has been a prominent figure within the environmental movement , and had worked for the White House Council on Environmental Quality since March .
Reports say he had won praise before joining the Obama administration for his vision of a sustainable green economy , one which the Democrats could embrace .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
PIG IN BOOTS !
Christ .
I can die happy now .
This pig is scared of the mud , so she needs her wellies !
Add these to Meetza ’s xmas list .. along with her sneakers .
This find is totally Nora ’s , but I had to post it immediately .
Return to Home Page
ON BECOMING AND REMAINING AN ORTHODOX CHRISTIAN A
Talk given at the Orthodox Pilgrimage to Felixstowe in August 2001
INTRODUCTION
We sometimes hear people talking about how they came to join the Orthodox Church .
Although each story is interesting and may even be extraordinary , I think that the stories of how people remained faithful Orthodox Christians despite temptations may be more helpful .
As it is written in the Gospels : ' In your patience possess ye your souls ' .
Moreover , I have called this talk not , ' On Joining the Orthodox Church ' , but , ' On Becoming and Remaining an Orthodox Christian ' .
For joining the Orthodox Church or becoming a member of the Orthodox Church , which is concerned with external changes , is not at all the same as ' Becoming an Orthodox Christian ' , which is all about internal changes .
And remaining an Orthodox Christian is even more important , which is why I have devoted three times as much time to it here as to becoming an Orthodox Christian .
ON BECOMING ORTHODOX CONVERSION AND INTEGRATION
Let us define our terms by talking of a number of words which are used in this context .
First , there is the useless phrase ' born Orthodox ' .
This does not exist .
Nobody is ' born Orthodox ' , we are all born pagans .
That is why we first exorcise and then baptise .
More acceptable are the terms , ' born to an Orthodox family ' and ' cradle Orthodox ' .
It is interesting that people who condescendingly use terms such as ' born Orthodox ' call the children of ' converts ' , ' converts ' .
In fact of course in their incorrect language , the children of ' converts ' are ' born Orthodox ' !
Then there is the word ' convert ' .
When people say that they are converts , I first ask them : ' Converts to what ? '
To Greek folklore ?
To Russian food ?
To Phariseeism ?
To nostalgia for old - fashioned Anglicanism or Catholicism ?
To an intellectual hobbyhorse of syncretism ?
True , in one sense we are all always converts because we all have to be converted to Christ constantly .
That is the sense of Psalm 50 .
The Prophet David too was converted , ' born again ' , after his great sin .
Unfortunately , the word convert is generally used not in this spiritual sense , but in a secular sense .
I hope that when people call themselves ' converts ' , it means that they are converted to Christianity ( which is the correct word for Orthodoxy ) .
I also hope that when they say that they are ' converts ' , it means that they were received into the Church very recently .
Sadly , I must admit that this is not always the case .
Over the years I have met people who joined the Orthodox Church ten , twenty , thirty and more years ago , and they are still ' converts ' and even call themselves ' converts ' .
And this even among some clergy , prematurely ordained .
This is quite beyond me , for it means that even after years of being nominal members of the Orthodox Church , they still have not become Orthodox Christians , they still have not integrated the Church , they still have not grown naturally into Orthodoxy , and still do not live an Orthodox way of life , they still have not acquired that instinctive feel for Orthodoxy , which means that Orthodoxy is their one spiritual home , that it is in their bones and blood , that they breathe Orthodoxy , because their souls are Orthodox .
They are suffering from the spiritual affliction of ' convertitis ' .
They have remained neophytes .
They have only achieved what the Devil wanted them to achieve - to be incomplete .
This is why Russians , punning on the Russian word ' konvert ' , which means an envelope , quite rightly say about some converts : ' The problem with the ' konvert ' is that either it is often empty or else it often comes unstuck ' .
There can be many reasons for the state of convertitis .
It may be that people joined the Orthodox Church and then had no parish to go to , at least with services in a language they could understand .
For example , I have met people who have been Orthodox for forty years but have never been to an Easter Night service in their own language !
I have met people who have been Orthodox for five years and have never been to an Easter service at all , because their local Orthodox community only has ten Liturgies a year on Saturday mornings !
I have met people who have been Orthodox for sixty years and have never been to Vespers or a Vigil service !
In other words , such people have never had the opportunity to learn and integrate .
Unfortunately , however , there are also other reasons why people do not integrate into the life of the Church .
REASONS FOR CONVERSION
In principle , clergy should only receive people into the Orthodox Church for positive reasons .
The fact is that there are people who wish to join the Orthodox Church for negative reasons , for instance , out of spite for a denomination or a clergyman .
This is psychology , not theology , and at that , neither very healthy , nor very Christian psychology .
I remember how in the 1970's the now Bishop Kallistos told me how a group of converts had asked him to write a book denouncing all the heresies of Anglicanism .
The converts in question , and they were indeed converts , were all of course ex-Anglicans !
They had not understood that their motivation all came from their personal psychological problems , their reactiveness , which they were masking behind their emotional zeal .
Quite rightly , Bishop Kallistos refused to write something negative .
In any case , no Orthodox would have bought the book because it could only possibly have been of interest to ex-Anglican neophytes .
That was one book less to be pulped .
Usually , a priest can find out whose motivation for wishing to join the Orthodox Church is negative simply by waiting to see if these people come to church services .
Usually these super - zealous people who love reading about the Faith or talking about the Faith on chatlines or elsewhere , are the very people who are absent from church services .
Their zeal is all in their heads or in their emotions , not in their hearts and souls and therefore not in their life and practice .
Then there are the people who have been attracted to the Church through a discovery on holiday .
I call these people ' Holiday Orthodox ' .
Their attraction is often not actually to Christ , but to a foreign and exotic culture - the more exotic the better .
Living very humdrum lives , the Orthodox Church gives them something to dream about , usually their next holiday in Crete or wherever .
Again , a priest can easily find out if their interest is serious by seeing if they come to church services .
Generally , they do not , because they are not on holiday !
Unfortunately , some of these people have been received into the Church by undiscerning priests in their holiday destination , be it Romania , Russia , Greece , Cyprus , Mt Athos or wherever .
Knowing nothing about the Orthodox Faith , they then turn up on your doorstep and you have to explain to them that although they are members of the Orthodox Church , they have not actually become Orthodox .
Often , in any case , such people may well phone you but never actually come to a church service , because they lapse before they get round to attending church .
Then there are the people who come with their own agenda , often ' know it alls ' , who have read every book under the sun , but still have no idea of the letter A of the Christian ABC .
And they come with demands which they wish to impose !
' Yes , I want to join the Orthodox Church , but only on condition that it has first been ' reformed ' and ' modernised ' ' !
' Yes , this is good , but I want to add in some Western hymns before the Canon ' ! , or ' I will only join the Orthodox Church when it has the same Easter as my Aunt Susan who is a Methodist ' ! , or ' Everything is perfect except that you use too many candles .
Take away the candles and I will join the Orthodox Church ' .
' I will only be Orthodox if you have an icon of St Francis of Assisi ' !
' I will join the Orthodox Church on condition that everybody votes New Labour and goes on holiday to Tuscany ' !
These are perhaps extreme examples , but they are all real examples .
They are all examples of a lack of humility .
No priest should receive such people into the Church for the simple reason that they do not love and accept the Church and Her Master Christ .
There is only one criterion for entering the Orthodox Church and that is because you are convinced that it is for your personal salvation , for your spiritual survival , because it is God 's Will for you , because you know that this is your spiritual home and that , whatever the cost , you can never be anything else .
ON REMAINING ORTHODOX ATTACHMENT TO EXTERNALS
Recently a priest who has received people into the Church for the last twenty years told me that the list of people whom he has received and who have lapsed is much longer than the list of those whom he has received and who have persevered .
That priest is relatively cautious about receiving people , but I know two other parishes where the list of the lapsed is at least twenty times as long as the list of the perseverers .
In those two cases , I must admit that it is the policy of those parishes which is to blame .
Turn up once and ask and they will automatically receive you into the Church without instruction within two weeks .
But why then do people give up practising the Faith which they have chosen to belong to of their own free will ?
If we look at this question , perhaps we can learn some lessons which are useful for ourselves and which can help us remain faithful Orthodox .
First of all , we have to watch ourselves .
What are we actually attached to in the Church ?
There are people who say : ' It was so wonderful in church today !
The singing was so wonderful , the incense smelt so good ! '
Words like those make me think that this person is unlikely to come again .
Such people seem to have a fire inside them which flares up in a burst of enthusiasm and excitement .
But like all fires which flare up , they then burn out leaving just cold ashes .
This attachment to secondary externals and exotica is dangerous , because we are failing to see the wood for the trees .
The attachment to externals can extend to foreign clothes , language , food and folklore .
I remember in one Russian church in Belgium , you immediately knew who the converts were ; the men had nineteenth - century Russian peasant beards and the women wore dowdy long skirts and seemed to be wearing tablecloths on their heads .
You knew who the Russians were because they dressed normally .
In a Greek church here , there were two priests , a Greek and a convert .
You immediately knew who the convert was because he wore huge wide - sleeved robes and an enormous chimney - pot on his head .
The Greek just wore an undercassock .
In another Russian church , the Russians always spoke about singing , Christmas and Easter , but the ' converts ' ( and that is what they were ) spoke about ' chanting ' and ' The Nativity ' and ' Paskha ' .
One real Russian , born in the Soviet Union , told me rather cruelly how he liked the convert in his parish because 'he makes me laugh with all his folklore ' .
Misguided zeal is always ridiculous .
Zeal must be channelled in order to achieve something positive .
I have a Greek - Cypriot friend , born and raised in London , who told me that his favourite dish is steak and kidney pie , and how it was the first thing he would eat at Easter after the fast was over .
I asked him if he ever ate at a Greek restaurant .
He answered : ' Oh no , that 's only for English people ' .
He also told me how in London at Cypriot weddings the guests have a custom of pinning banknotes to the clothes of the new couple as a form of wedding present .
When for the first time he saw a wedding in the real Cyprus when he was about 25 years old , they did not do this .
Why ?
Because they had stopped doing it in the 1960's , looking down on it as a sort of primitive , peasant custom .
In other words they stopped doing it after most of their fellow Greek - Cypriots had emigrated to London , but the ones in London had kept the old 1950 's practice .
And then converts wanted to imitate this dead custom .
On this subject , I recently met another ' convert ' who had just come back from a holiday in Greece and talked about it with great enthusiasm as a ' holy land ' with all ' holy people ' , because ' Orthodox people are holy ' .
Well , I can only presume that he had spent the whole time in excellent monasteries - not all monasteries are excellent , by the way .
I would recommend that such people go and visit Greek prisons .
They are full of Orthodox - Orthodox thieves , murderers , rapists , pimps , extortioners .
You name it , they are all Orthodox !
You see , human nature is the same the world over .
What I am saying is that if we attach ourselves to externals , then we should first ask ourselves :
What externals are we attaching ourselves to ?
If we do not use our discernment , we can look very silly indeed .
All externals are only natural if they reflect what is inside us .
If Orthodox Christianity is inside us , then our externals will be those of any Orthodox Christian .
We should certainly make a habit of visiting other Orthodox parishes , countries where there are many Orthodox churches , observing and feeling our way towards authenticity .
The worst thing is little closed communities of ' converts ' who never see anything else .
They can end up practising things which exist nowhere else on earth , and yet they think that they are ' more Orthodox ' than anyone else !
Humility is once again the solution to this illness and humility starts with realism , not with fantasy .
No spirituality has ever been built on fantasy .
Without sober humility , there is always illusion , which is followed by discouragement and depression .
This is the spiritual law .
Seeing the reality of Orthodox churches is an excellent remedy for the illness of fantasies .
Remember that some Orthodox churches are State Churches , many others have State Church mentalities .
It is a sobering experience to meet any number of deacons , priests and bishops who boast to you about how much money they ' make ' , that they are ' off duty ' at five o' clock and on Mondays and Tuesdays , and that they cannot possibly do a funeral then , and that being clergy is a much better job than what they would have done otherwise , because they were none too bright at school and the alternative was menial factory work .
But it is reality .
Contact with this reality can be very helpful in putting paid to misguided zeal , to convert ghettos , to what I call ' the greenhouse effect ' .
It gets people 's feet back on the earth , and remember that is where they should be , because our religion is the religion of the Incarnation .
What other people think and do is none of our business , our task is the salvation of our own souls .
On this subject , one of the main reasons why some converts do not stop being converts and so do not become Orthodox is because they do not have a job .
The need to earn your daily crust , to be with other people , is an excellent way for people to start living ( as opposed to just thinking about ) their Faith .
This can avoid what is called the temptations from the left and the right .
Temptations from the left are laxism , weakness , compromise , indifference .
Temptations from the right are censorious judgement of others , the stuck - up zeal of the Pharisee , ' zeal not according to knowledge ' .
These temptations are equally dangerous and equally to be combatted .
Both waste an enormous amount of time and energy on sideshows like the discussion of irrelevant issues like ecumenism , rather than praying .
Being in society is the way in which we can get to know ourselves , see our failings and avoid being sidetracked into theoretical concerns .
SUPERFICIAL INTEREST
Some people can be so full of themselves !
Some people can be very self - important and very puffed - up .
They will first tell you - if you let them - their detailed life - stories and then all the latest gossip about Priest X , Bishop Y , and then Jurisdiction Z . Even though they do not know the ABC of the children 's Faith .
The thing is though , that Christianity , and that is what we are about , is about none of these things .
If you do n't have contact with reality , then you will never learn about real things .
Church life is not about any of that nonsense .
There is nothing so boring as discussing the personalities and activities of various clergymen or laymen , except of course sin , because sin is always boring , always the same thing .
Ask anyone who hears confessions .
Church life is about :
Who will make the coffee ?
Who will do the washing - up ?
Who will do the flowers ?
Who will cut the grass ?
Who will bake the prosphora ?
Who will clean the toilets ?
St Nectarios performed the latter task when teaching in Athens , even though he bore the mighty title of ' Metropolitan of Pentapolis ' .
So why should we object ?
It is after all one of the first obediences given to novices in monasteries .
Of course , these are not the main tasks in Church life .
Let us go on : Church life is about :
Who will learn to sing ?
Who will stand at all the church services ?
Who will keep all the Church fasts ?
Who will read their morning and evening prayers every day ?
Who will prepare themselves properly for confession and communion ?
Who will read the daily Gospel and Epistle readings ?
And actually , if you want the blunt truth , which will shock some ' converts ' :
Church life is also about :
Who will pay the bills ?
Yes , Church life is about commitment , the one thing which is so missing in our present - day luke - warm , indifferentist British culture .
Being a Christian , and I remind you again , that is all that the word ' Orthodox ' means , is very difficult .
Nobody , from Christ down , ever said anything else .
Without commitment , we will never remain Orthodox .
Being a Christian is about loving God and loving our neighbour .
If we are not prepared to even try and do that , then there is no point anyway .
Unfortunately , some people think that being an Orthodox Christian - that 's a tautology , I know - is not about loving God and loving our neighbour .
They think that it is about reading books , having opinions , condemning others , eating weird food , being intolerant , or dressing strangely .
Our Lord never said any of that .
He said : ' Behold , I give you a new commandment , love one another ' .
The fact is that all Christians were once Orthodox Christians , but most of them could not take it and they fell away .
Orthodox Christianity is not about being received into the Orthodox Church and then saying : ' That 's it , I 've done it ' .
It is about entering the Arena , it is about being on the Cross .
So often I have heard from Anglicans : ' I know Orthodoxy is the real thing , but I could never do it '.
I suppose that at least has the merit of honesty .
I always think of the words of that righteous priest , Clement of Alexandria , in the third century : ' If a man is not crowned with martyrdom , let him take care not to be far from those who are ' .
The solution is to read St John 's Gospel , to establish a prayer routine .
' The Kingdom of Heaven is taken by force ' , says the Gospel .
NOSTALGIA Nostalgia is defined as attachment to the past .
It is not Christian , however natural and human we all find it to indulge ourselves from time to time .
The problem with it is that it distracts us from living in the present reality which is what we are supposed to do .
Some people for example will tell you that they cannot remain Orthodox because it means no longer doing what they used to do - going to the pub on Saturday nights , not eating roast beef on Sundays during the fasts .
Others will tell you that they find kissing icons , relics and priests ' hands ( and even taking communion ) unhygienic - they never used to do it .
One wonders why such people bothered in the first place .
Yes , I understand the problems of mixed marriages , the dietary problems , the problem of visiting relatives who are not Orthodox , the problem of calendars .
Here there are two things .
First of all , the Church is not a stick to discourage us .
But often people do make sticks for their own backs .
If we are visiting a relative during the fast and they offer us non-fasting food , the Church does not tell us to be self - righteous prigs and refuse .
It tells us to be humble .
Some say : ' I ca n't eat that because I am holy ' .
Oh yes , we 've heard that sort of thing if not in words , then in spirit .
If your wife 's Uncle Fred is desperately ill in hospital and desperately lonely and the only solution is to visit him on a Sunday morning , then the Church tells us to go and visit him .
This is preferable to refusing to take your wife because you need the car to go to ' my church ' and then having a family row .
Common sense and discernment in our choices are essential .
As regards , mixed marriages , discernment is vital .
I have seen Orthodox ' converts ' pester and pester their spouses into becoming members of the Orthodox Church .
The result is always negative .
On the other hand , I have seen people wait patiently for ten , twenty , thirty years , without even mentioning the possibility of joining the Orthodox Church , and then the other spouse spontaneously asks to join .
They have been converted by the Christian example of patience of the other spouse .
In the smaller English parishes of the Orthodox Church , some of the problems of isolation encountered by many who join the Orthodox Church have been overcome , at least in part .
If you go to what I call the ' State Church parishes ' , you do not often find coffee or tea provide afterwards , or a talk .
Conversely , most of the English churches have church halls .
Here after a Liturgy or after a weekday service , isolated Orthodox of whatever origin , can meet .
One person who came her from Eastern Europe seeing this said : ' Here it is like the Early Church ' .
Of course , she did not mean that we are ' holy ' or something like that , what she meant was that our community is close , we all know each other And this is not in any way to say that here it is ' better ' than in Eastern Europe ; it is simply that we have to have a community , with a church hall , with coffee and tea , because otherwise we cannot survive as a tiny minority group confessing spiritual values in the vast spiritual desert of modern Britain .
This is our survival , this is our substitute family and community in today 's fragmented , individualistic , consumerist and communityless society .
It is not necessary in some parts of Eastern Europe , because everyone is Orthodox , the Orthodox community is all around you .
But that is not the case here .
CONFESSION
Now I come to a very particular problem which concerns especially the contemporary English , and especially , Anglican character .
The ambient Protestant culture in Britain for at least the last six generations has made people very ' uptight ' and reserved , which actually is a form of pride .
Confession , an important sacrament in the Orthodox Church , is very difficult for many English people to face .
This is why in less uptight Protestant cultures , like in the ' shrink - riddled ' USA , although people do not go to confession , they go to their therapists .
There they can say everything and , since they are paying , they can be told that they are very good people .
Confession is different from that .
This is a delicate question and I think it is good to talk about your reservations with a priest outside confession before ever you do go to confession .
Get to know one another first .
Here there are a number of things to understand : First , no confession is to a priest .
It is to God in the presence of a priest who is supposed to try and give some helpful advice .
Most priests will have no objection to you confessing to another priest , outside your own parish .
Some will even rejoice that you do so !
Find the right confessor for yourself .
If they live some way away , give them your confession by telephone , e-mail or letter .
They will reply and then take the absolution from your local priest who knows about this arrangement .
It is a solution used by the priest 's wife and children .
It could be for you .
Finally , as I have already said , there is nothing so boring as sin .
I am always surprised when people come to confession and expect me to remember their last confession .
I always forget boring things .
One of the best confessors I ever met was almost totally deaf .
After I had said my piece , most of which he had not heard , he gave me some of the best advice I have ever received .
PERSONALITIES
It is inevitable that you will not get on with everyone in your parish all the time .
Such is human nature .
But it is not a reason for walking out , slamming the door , not remaining Orthodox .
Perhaps you are spending too much time at church outside the services ?
Yes , we do have coffee and tea after the service , but you are not obliged to stay .
Some of the best Orthodox do not !
Perhaps your relations with the other parishioners are too close ?
Are these people you would be with in any other situation ?
If you have no interest at all in common , other than having a common faith , why spend so much time with them ?
Spending too much time with people with whom you have little in common in terms of character and tastes is a recipe for friction .
After all , you 're not married to them .
And the same goes for your relationship with the priest .
You may have something in common in personality .
But perhaps not .
Perhaps you find him ' not monastic enough ' or perhaps you find him ' too liberal ' , or perhaps just plain boring .
Well , going to church is not about having a close relationship with the priest and buying the same breakfast cereal as he does .
Frankly , if you know what he eats for breakfast , you probably know him too well .
Another area of friction in parish life is meetings and parish councils .
Well , in most Orthodox parishes these occur once a year , after a Sunday Liturgy , during Lent .
And yet I have heard of some convert groups constantly meeting , once a month or even more , discussing the same old things .
This is something that comes from Anglicanism , not from Orthodox practice .
Frankly , that sort of life is almost incestuous , too close for comfort .
Discussion of minutiae is not only boring but also a waste of time .
Worse still , some people get involved passionately and attach themselves to details .
I shall always remember one person , a University Professor , at a parish meeting about twenty - five years ago who stated that if the church ceiling was repainted blue , he would never set foot in church again .
Well , he did n't .
He died soon afterwards .
CONCLUSIONS
What will you remember from this talk ?
I hope the following ;
We come to the Church and we remain in the Church in order to save our souls , and nothing else .
Church is not a hobby , a game , a private interest , a pretence , or even a community .
It is our soul 's salvation .
We achieve this by first being ourselves and then being the best of ourselves .
If there is anything else , it is all secondary .
We must never lose this perspective .
If we do , then we are out of perspective and on our way out of the Church .
In order to save our souls , we first have to know ourselves , searching out and discovering our own faults , sins and failings .
Then we have to take issue with them and fight , however slowly and weakly , and begin to tame them and never give up this battle .
We will know when we are not doing this , it is when we start dwelling on the faults of others .
If our personal pride is hurt in the course of Church life , thank God .
That is what we are there for , to become humble .
Thank you for listening .
Top Five Highest - Paid , Worst - Performing CEOs
New report highlights five CEOs who are earning too much .
Sept. 22 , 2009  --
While bank CEOs have been widely blamed for cashing in on bonuses and stock while their companies faltered , a new report by the compensation research firm The Corporate Library has ranked five CEOs , all outside of finance , as the " Highest Paid Worst Performers . "
A study of 2,000 CEOs by the firm found that the chief executives of retailer Abercrombie & Fitch , oil services firm BJ Services , cable company Comcast , International Paper and petroleum company Nabors Industries all earned " significant payouts despite what really was very poor performance being delivered to shareholders , " said Corporate Library senior research associate Paul Hodgson .
The firm presented its findings as part of a sneak peak of a report on executive compensation it plans to release this Thursday .
The CEOs , all of whom saw compensation in excess of $ 30 million each in 2008 , are :
Abercrombie & Fitch : Michael S. Jeffries , $ 71.8 million
BJ Services Company , J.W. Stewart : $ 34.6 million
Comcast Corp. , Brian L. Roberts : $ 40.8 million
International Paper , John V. Faraci : $ 38.2 million
Nabors Industries , Eugene M. Isenberg : $ 79.3 million
Investor returns for these companies all dropped at least 20 percent for the one - year period ending this past June .
For Abercrombie , BJ and Nabors , the drops were closer to 60 percent .
Hodgson said that one of the reasons companies often overpay their CEOs is that they base much of their pay on what rivals are paying rather than the company 's own performance .
" If you take that kind of attitude , you 're almost guaranteed to overpay your CEO , " he said .
The Top 10 Highest Paid CEOs
Nabors ' Isenberg and Abercrombie 's Jeffries rounded out the Corporate Library 's list of top 10 highest paid CEOs , released earlier this year .
The list was dominated by petroleum company CEOs , who took seven of the top ten spots .
The two top - paid CEOs , however , Stephen Schwarzman of the financial firm Blackstone and Lawrence Ellison , of tech giant Oracle , out - earned their petro company counterparts by a stunning margin .
The list :
Stephen Schwarzman , Blackstone Group : $ 702.4 million
Lawrence J. Elllison , Oracle Corp. : $ 557 million
Ray R. Irani , Occidental Petroleum Corp. : $ 222.6 million .
John B. Hess , Hess Corp. : $ 159.6 million
Michael D. Watford , Ultra Petroleum Corp .:$ 116.9 million
Aubrey K. McClendon , Chesapeake Energy Corp. : $ 114.3 million
Bob R. Simpson , XTO Energy Inc. : $ 103.5 million
Mark G. Papa , EOG Resources , Inc. : $ 90.5 million
Eugene M. Isenberg , Nabors Industries Ltd. : $ 79.3 million
Michael S. Jeffries , Abercrombie & Fitch Co. : $ 71.8 million
Overall , median CEO pay barely edged down in 2008 , dropping just 0.08 percent , despite the sizeable share price declines of many companies .
Still , Hodgson said that seeing a decline at all was a " dramatic " development .
" This is the first time we have ever seen a decline in CEO pay since we started doing these surveys in 2002 , " he said .
" That on its own , the fact that it did n't go up either by single digits or by double digits , which has been very typical over the past six years , is dramatic in and of itself . "
• Read the main story about the charges and find links to all the coverage .
• Explore all of The Plain Dealer 's continuing coverage of the county investigation .
• Read the court filing ( PDF )
Updated at 9:26 p.m .
Parma Mayor Dean DePiero was accused of giving something to Cuyahoga County Auditor Frank Russo in exchange for Russo's help clearing an opponent from the mayor 's race in 2003 .
DePiero was not charged with a crime or even mentioned by name in the criminal charges filed Friday against four men , including former Parma school board President and onetime DePiero rival J. Kevin Kelley .
But the series of events laid out in the charges match DePiero 's 2003 race for Parma mayor .
DePiero adamantly denied doing anything wrong .
" I was never afraid to run against anyone , especially Kevin Kelley , " DePiero said .
" Everything he says is a total fabrication , and I 'm still trying to get my head around it . "
Prosecutors said Russo promised Kelley a raise in his county job if he dropped out of the race , eventually won by DePiero .
Russo increased Kelley 's salary from $ 58,000 to $ 75,000 months before the Democratic primary while reducing his hours from 35 to 30 a week , prosecutors said .
" Kelley 's opponent gave a thing of value to a relative " of Russo in return for getting Kelley out of the race , prosecutors said .
Although the document does not describe what DePiero gave to Russo , DePiero hired Russo 's son , Vince Russo , as executive assistant upon taking office in January 2004 .
Vince Russo , who worked on DePiero 's campaign , earned about $ 30,000 before he resigned seven months later .
" His hiring had nothing to do with Kelley , " said DePiero , who described Vince Russo as a hard worker and honest .
Vince Russo is not identified by name in the charges filed Friday .
He and his consulting company , Vincore , have been named in several search warrants and grand jury subpoenas .
DePiero , who initially had two other opponents in the primary , seemed shocked by the charge .
" Jesus f - - - ing Christ , " he groaned when read the prosecutor 's description .
" This is unbelievable . "
DePiero said Kelley , who never formally announced a mayor bid , dropped out because " he had no chance . "
DePiero ultimately faced no opposition in the primary .
He defeated Councilwoman Debbie Lime , who ran as an independent in the November election .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) -- Transportation investigators Wednesday discovered " anomalies " in an essential control circuit of a track where a fatal crash between two Washington subway trains killed nine people .
Investigators work Tuesday at the site of the Metro train crash in Washington .
more photos »
Each section of the transit system 's track contains a circuit that transmits and receives signals that generate speed commands for trains , said Debbie Hersman of the National Transportation Safety Board .
She said the circuits are " vital providing information to the operators and the train itself when on automatic . "
Investigators found no problems in five of the six circuits on the stretch of track in the crash area .
But they found " anomalies " with the sixth circuit , Hersman said .
She would not say what those anomalies were but said simulated crash tests would be conducted to try and determine what caused the deadly accident .
The findings could mean that the striking train , which was on automatic , did not know to slow down because another train was stopped on the track ahead .
Hersman said investigators walked the tracks Wednesday , finding markings on the track that indicated emergency braking had taken place .
Investigators hoped Thursday to interview the operator of the struck train , who was released from a hospital Wednesday .
The driver of the striking train was killed .
The crash , the worst in the history of Washington 's transit system , known as the Metro , occurred along the congested Red Line just before 5 p.m.
Monday on an above - ground track section near Takoma Park , Maryland .
Both cars were on the same track , traveling in the same direction -- southward from Fort Totten Metrorail station to the Shady Grove station .
The struck train had stopped behind another train undergoing service and was awaiting directions to move ahead .
The striking train was pulling some of the oldest cars in the fleet of the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority .
On Wednesday , House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer said he plans to seek $ 3 billion for Metro transit capital improvements , some of which would likely be spent to replace some those old Series 1000 cars , purchased between 1974 and 1978 .
Upon impact , the train pulling those Series 1000 cars jumped on top of the other train .
All the fatalities were on the striking train , Train 112 , Metro transit spokeswoman Angela Gates told CNN on Wednesday .
In the collision , the front car of the striking train was severely damaged , leaving minimal space for survivability , said Hersman .
According to one report , 50 feet of the 75 - foot length of that lead car were lost to the accident , leaving only one - third of the space after the crushing impact .
Watch Hersman talk about previous warnings »
The NTSB recommended in 2006 that Metro transit replace or retrofit all of its Series 1000 trains , to bring them up to current safety standards .
Metro transit responded that because it was constrained by tax - advantage leases , it intended to keep the 1000 Series until the end of 2014 .
" Our recommendation was not addressed , so it [ the case ] has been closed in an unacceptable status , " Hersman said .
The NTSB has no regulatory powers and can't force implementation .
Watch Hersman talk about the computer systems »
" The safety of our citizens is our highest priority and we must take every precaution that this loss of life does not occur again , " said Hoyer , a Democratic congressman from Maryland .
He said he would soon introduce a final measure to authorize dedicated federal and local funding for Metro .
The Series 1000 cars comprise a quarter of Metro transit 's 1,126 cars , or nearly 300 cars , Gates said .
At $ 3 million per car , the agency can't afford to replace them all at once , Gates said .
Each car has a 40 - year life and can last until fiscal year 2015 , she added .
" So we 've taken steps to keep them in good condition . "
She said they have been phasing out the outdated cars as new cars are bought , she said .
That plan has n't gone as quickly as anticipated , however , because of an increase in ridership , Gates added .
The lead train in Monday 's crash contained newer 5000 - Series and 3000 - Series cars .
These have data recorders , which will aid the investigation a great deal if they are n't damaged , Hersman said .
The recorders provide information on such things as speed , braking and emergency applications .
She said there were no recorders on the rear train .
The rear train was being operated in automatic mode , which is the normal operating procedure during rush hour .
Washington transit trains are being operated manually until the cause of the crash is determined , Hersman said .
She said there is no indication that any of the brakes on the rear train failed before it rear - ended the other train .
" Our investigators on scene yesterday did find some evidence of emergency brake application .
They found the emergency mushroom , which is a button that was depressed in the control cab , and they also examined the wheels and the brakes , and they found that the rotors showed some bluing , " Hersman said .
" That bluing is consistent with an emergency brake application , " she said .
Bluing indicates the rotors have been subjected to extremely high temperatures , and this can be caused by hard stops .
All About Washington , DC • U.S. National Transportation Safety Board • Steny Hoyer
In 2003 , researchers at a federal agency proposed a long - term study of 10,000 drivers to assess the safety risk posed by cellphone use behind the wheel .
They sought the study based on evidence that such multitasking was a serious and growing threat on America ’s roadways .
But such an ambitious study never happened .
And the researchers ’ agency , the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration , decided not to make public hundreds of pages of research and warnings about the use of phones by drivers  in part , officials say , because of concerns about angering Congress .
On Tuesday , the full body of research is being made public for the first time by two consumer advocacy groups , which filed a Freedom of Information Act lawsuit for the documents .
The Center for Auto Safety and Public Citizen provided a copy to The New York Times , which is publishing the documents on its Web site .
Photograph by Harvey Wang
In the summer of 2008 , wheat and corn prices shot up across the globe .
Pundits provided seemingly convincing explanations : grain was becoming scarce and thus more expensive because mainland Chinese were changing their eating habits and needed lots of it to feed their cattle — or perhaps because fear of oil shortages , combined with ecological fads , was leading consumers to adopt corn - based ethanol .
Yet one year later , the Chinese are eating basically the same food as last year ( feeding habits change very slowly ) , ethanol production is more or less at the same level , but the price of grain and corn on the Chicago market is back down again .
How to explain the volatility of prices when production levels remain essentially the same ?
The reason : grain or corn prices may at any point in time be driven more by speculation than by actual harvests .
The rule applies to all transactions on financial markets , including oil , stocks , and derivatives .
This is one of many examples that Rama Cont offers to describe how the real economy and the financial markets follow different rationales .
In the short term — which can mean several years , in practice — the connection can be tenuous at best and difficult to model .
If the connection were closer , Cont would know : he is at the forefront of the new science of financial modeling .
Finance itself is a relatively young field of research in which data have been available in large quantities only over the last 20 years .
Thanks to electronic trading , it is now possible to quantify and analyze the fluctuations of financial markets on a large scale , but much interdisciplinary expertise is necessary to make headway in understanding it all .
In fact , Cont , an associate professor at Columbia University , conducts his research not in the economics department but in the School of Engineering and Applied Science .
“ My background is in theoretical physics , ” he tells me .
He discovered economics by accident while studying in Paris , where he emigrated from Tehran in 1987 .
“ When I first became interested in economics , I was surprised by the deductive , rather than inductive , approach of many economists , ” he says .
Whereas in physics , researchers tend to observe empirical data and then build a theory to explain their observations , “ many economic studies typically start with a theory and eventually attempt to fit the data to their model . ”
Such an approach might have been justifiable when financial and economic data were scarce , he believes , but with today ’s wealth of information it is no longer acceptable .
Traditional economics , Cont argues , has failed to grasp the complexity and dynamic nature of financial markets .
This outlook leads him to a distinctive interpretation of the current financial crisis .
While the mainstream view explains the crisis by a lack of regulation , Cont believes that misguided regulations , often applied by not - too - smart regulators , were also a major factor .
“ Bear Stearns was perfectly compliant with regulations on the eve of its bankruptcy , ” he observes .
It had strictly followed the international banking rules imposed by the so - called Basel II Convention and , in fact , held $ 2 billion in excess of the amount of capital that the convention required for the bank to weather a major shock .
But that capital , the regulations say , can consist of assets , such as bonds or shares , that are n’t liquid — that is , they have a market value but are n’t cash .
In a panic situation , a bank needs cash to pay its creditors , and when confronted about its debts , Bear Stearns had only illiquid assets and no time to sell them .
The bank went under the next day .
The regulation seemed cleverly designed , Cont says , but proved useless in a real - life situation .
Why did the demise of Lehman Brothers generate worldwide financial turmoil ?
Again , Cont believes , existing regulations were at fault .
As Lehman liquidated its portfolio , he explains , it sold off large quantities of stock , pushing overall stock prices down .
This resulted in losses for other banks and increased the risk of their portfolios .
To comply with Basel II regulations , these banks then had to reduce that risk by cutting back lending and by selling assets .
They did both , bringing the stock exchange to its knees and drying up global credit .
Does Cont ’s indictment of poorly designed regulations mean that he holds Wall Street bankers blameless ?
No : the bankers were greedy , he charges — though “ greed in itself is not a new phenomenon . ”
But the Wall Street bonus system , as everyone knows by now , institutionalized that greed by compensating high short - term returns , so that traders and managers had an incentive to take more — and more dangerous — risks .
That risk - taking , Cont says , should have been balanced by countervailing forces , such as boards of directors that , in theory , would represent the long - term interests of the banks and their shareholders .
But Wall Street bank boards tended to have little say in the day - to - day management of the companies .
Nor did other countervailing forces intercede .
Every bank had a risk - management unit , Cont points out , but the risk manager usually was n’t a major figure , and the quantitative analysts in the risk units typically had little influence on major bank decisions .
“ Everybody knows the names of the CEOs of major investment banks , ” he says .
“ But who has ever heard of the Chief Risk Officer of these institutions ? ”
Less sophisticated investors — fund managers and sovereign funds — relied on rating agencies for guidance , but did n’t get good advice , to say the least .
The agencies — Moody ’s , Standard and Poor ’s , Fitch — utterly failed to anticipate the huge risks in the subprime market .
“ Either they truly ignored the risk of a fall in the housing market or they pretended everything was fine , in order to sustain the bubble and profit from it while it lasted , ” says Cont .
Ignorance probably played the larger role , he thinks .
Rating agencies , like investors and regulators , rely on relatively simple models to forecast the risk associated with future market movements .
Those models often assume a “ mild randomness ” of market fluctuations .
In reality , Cont argues , what visionary mathematician Benoît Mandelbrot calls “ wild randomness ” prevails : risk is concentrated in a few rare , hard - to - predict , but extreme , market events ( see sidebar ) .
Simple forecasts can also be mistaken if they fail to account for the actions of market participants themselves : investor strategies can influence prices , which in turn influence future strategies in a feedback loop that can cause considerable instability .
Cont recalls the severe stock - market crash of October 1987 , which seemed to strike out of the blue , since nothing significant was happening in the real economy .
Subsequent research , though , blamed the crash in part on a new investment strategy , “ portfolio insurance , ” which a large number of fund managers had simultaneously adopted .
Based on the famous Black - Scholes options - pricing model , this strategy recommended that fund managers reduce their risks by automatically selling shares whenever their values fell .
But the approach did n’t take into account what would happen if many investors followed it simultaneously : a massive sell - off that could send the market plummeting .
The 1987 crash was thus not provoked by events in the real economy but by a supposedly smart risk - management strategy — and the current downturn , of course , also derives at least partly from a global craze for a seemingly foolproof financial innovation .
Yet if the financial markets can become disconnected from the real economy and then generate storms that threaten and damage prosperity , Cont continues , they are nevertheless essential to a flourishing economy .
They have dragged us under now ; but over the last several decades , they have helped drive unprecedented global growth and innovation .
Investors in financial markets rationally pursuing individual profit , then , can produce outcomes that are globally negative .
Does n’t that contradict classical economic theory ?
“ Both theory and empirical facts do tend to show that , on the financial markets , the Invisible Hand does not always lead to welfare - improving general outcomes , ” Cont replies .
He offers another example : the diversification strategies that any wise investor should follow to protect himself from market risk .
In the 1990s , in the name of diversification , investors poured money into various emerging markets and did well .
When a currency crisis hit some Asian countries in 1997 , however , emerging - market funds had to sell off Brazilian assets to dampen their losses on Asian investments , causing a sharp fall in Brazilian stocks .
Rational individual choices in the financial markets had amplified a local shock in Asia into a systemic shock felt across the globe .
Is there a way to protect against these disruptions ?
“ To regulate a financial market efficiently , we need first to understand its mechanisms , ” Cont argues .
Knowledge is thus the priority .
Currently , regulatory bodies like the Federal Reserve and the SEC can determine the risk exposure of financial institutions , but only at a national level .
The market , however , is global , and at present , we have no monitor to assess risk factors and their interdependence at the global level .
A first step toward rectifying this problem , Cont believes , would be to create a global risk observatory .
In previous global crashes , abnormal concentrations of market participants began to engage in similar investment strategies — portfolio insurance back in the eighties and leveraged housing loans more recently .
A global risk observatory would be in a position to observe such concentrations and raise a red flag .
It would then be up to each national regulator to take these alerts into consideration or dismiss them .
Cont does n’t go so far as to promote the idea of an international regulator , which would potentially conflict with national sovereignty .
In any case , the United States has already said that it would not accept such a body .
An observatory is feasible , however : the data exist and need only be consolidated .
As for national regulators , Cont maintains that they should focus on ensuring financial stability and protecting against systemic risk , rather than worry about the health of individual financial institutions .
Rules that apparently help reduce risk in individual firms can sometimes amplify systemwide risk , as with the Basel II regulations that required banks to reduce lending and sell assets after Lehman ’s fall .
Further , national regulation should encompass not only banks but all institutions , such as insurance companies and mortgage brokers , that have an impact on the financial system .
If realized , Cont ’s proposals would not stabilize the financial markets overnight .
But they could help us avoid the kind of regulations that tend to aggravate crises .
His proposals may also seem modest , given the scope of the current crisis .
“ The American public is fond of gurus , ” he says — and he is n’t one .
He is only a man of science .
There ’s something so fun about the juxtaposition of animation running around the real world ~ adorable campaign by the Swedish Tourism board aimed at brits - Dave Goes To Skåne .
When i first saw this over at CPLuv i had to go watch them all !
Dave is a cheeky cartoon londoner running around mouthing off in some gorgeous swedish spots ~ and you cant help but laugh , then wish you too were lying on the beach , or climbing about designer goodness in the woods … see the 4 videos on the next page !
Definitely my favorite …
Dave on Art and Design !
Even though they did not sample Mel Glickman 's fictional " Poodle with Noodle " or " Moo Goo Guy Pootch , " High Park area residents found his menu for " Authentic Asian Canine Cuisine " so tasteless that they called the police on him earlier this week .
On Wednesday , menus for the Dog Liver Café , owned and operated by Top Dog Chef Hy Park ( also fictional ) , were left on cars parked near the leash - free area at High Park , a shady , sandy retreat full of dog walkers , owners and slobbery canines .
The dog lovers took such offence that the police received " numerous " calls .
" It 's awful , " said Marilitta Lee , who walks dogs for 38 owners .
" Every summer there seems to be an incident here .
This year we thought we had survived the summer without any incidents , until now . "
Last summer dogs were poisoned with antifreeze in High Park , two of them fatally , leaving dog walkers worried about the safety of their charges .
Glickman , a 68 - year - old retired architect with a penchant for wordplay and a distaste for Tamil protesters and CUPE , says he meant the menu as nothing but a joke .
He is proud of the 50 fake items available at the non-existent Dog Liver Café , crafted with rhyme , alliteration and a slightly dark sense of humour .
" I call this an exercise in creative writing , " he said at his home in Bloor West Village yesterday , where a dog calendar hangs on the kitchen cupboard .
" This is really a testing of the water , to see just how anal and uptight Torontonians really are , " he said .
" And I think I proved my point . "
Glickman said his flyers are not meant to be offensive toward Asian people or dog lovers , and certainly not toward dogs .
In fact , he loves dogs and would have one of his own if his wife would let him .
But at the same time , he would also try dog meat if he had the chance .
" I'm a joker , " Glickman said yesterday , wearing a T - shirt that said , " I 'm not insensitive , I just do n't give a s---. "
" I have what a lot of people think is a good sense of humour , " he said .
" But not everyone appreciates my humour .
The people who took offence and are worried about that are uptight and anal .
And you can quote me on that . "
Glickman printed 100 flyers and began disturbing them in the neighbourhood earlier this week , he said .
By Wednesday he was targeting the larger vehicles parked at High Park , which he thought had a better chance of belonging to dog people .
Glickman said police came to his house later that day .
" Two police cars came , " he said .
" Not one , two .
... I think they suspected that I was someone who literally poisoned dogs .
So they came here ready to capture this guy .
" My wife hid , and refused to answer the door , because she did n't agree with anything I was doing anyway . "
The cops left their card and when Glickman called them back he said he received a " stern " talking - to , but no charges were laid .
Police at 11 Division said they told the man behind the menus that some people take offence at what he finds funny , and that they filed an occurrence .
Chris Selke , walking his two miniature Pinschers with his wife yesterday , said he thought the menu could be considered racist .
Sue Selke , who teaches ESL , disagreed .
" In some Asian cultures they do eat dog , " she said .
" It 's part of their culture . "
Dog walker Paul Wehrle , surrounded by a pack of large canines , said the flyers made him uncomfortable .
" In the context of other things that have happened in the park , it felt threatening , " he said .
Glickman laughs at the idea that anyone could see him as a legitimate threat .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
" What kind of a dog poisoner would do this ? " he asked rhetorically .
He even put his phone numbers on the flyer , he points out , and says he has received plenty of calls from people who , perhaps with a little help , get the joke .
He says the whole thing has turned into " a tempest in a teacup because of these precious little Toronto types . "
And as for the results of his " test " to find out how uptight Torontonians really are , Glickman says , " the proof is in the pudding . "
It has been long assumed that nations with rising incomes will experience a falling fertility rate and eventually a shrinking population .
The standard reason ?
The wealthier a woman gets , the fewer children she wants .
But a new study suggests such a future may become the past – implying big demographic implications for policymakers .
In some rich countries , the number of children born per woman has dropped far below the 2.1 rate needed to maintain current population .
In Italy , for instance , the rate is just above 1.3 .
To supply enough new workers , Italy would need high levels of immigration – a problem more worrisome to Italians now than a declining fertility rate .
The study , published in the journal Nature , finds that the trend line linking prosperity and smaller family size may be reversing itself .
In countries that attain an extremely high Human Development Index ( HDI ) – a United Nations metric that factors in education and income levels , along with average life spans – the fertility rate is actually going up again .
Countries such as Italy , Spain , the Netherlands , Germany , and Sweden are beginning to swing back toward replacement fertility levels , though a high HDI alone may not be enough to return them to population stability , let alone growth .
( The US population continues to grow steadily , but largely because of immigration . )
Other studies have shown that immigration plays only a modest , not decisive , role in rising fertility rates .
While 18 of the 26 highest HDI countries show this reversing trend , Japan , South Korea , and Canada stand out as not fitting the pattern .
Attitudes toward women , particularly in the workplace , may account for the aberration of Japan and South Korea .
Canada remains a mystery .
In any case , more research is needed to both confirm this study 's conclusion and suggest further reasons why it happens .
The study 's authors – two from the University of Pennsylvania and one in Italy – speculate that high HDI countries may be more friendly to females in general , providing women with state - run childcare and giving them more opportunity for education and employment .
Perhaps more women are simply affluent enough to afford their own child care ( or have husbands more willing to help at home ) .
Women who are better off and better educated may be more confident that they can take time from work for child - rearing and still be able to reenter the work force later after children enter school with little or no penalty .
Environmentalists need not be alarmed by these modest upticks in population in prosperous countries .
The real battle with overpopulation remains in the much more populous developing world .
Poverty and political uncertainty breed larger families , perhaps – in part , at least – as unconscious insurance that at least one or two of the children will survive to adulthood and provide support for the parents .
In these countries , raising the income and education standards for women has been shown to be effective in reducing family size and taming runaway population growth .
Under any economic conditions , family life is something to be treasured .
The joys of raising children and aspirations for higher living standards ought not to be at odds with each other .
This study makes the encouraging claim that they are not .
Welcome to The Fast Seduction 101 Player Guide
( or , “ The Player ’s Guide to the Known Universe ” )
Â·Â·Â· a work in progress Â·Â·Â·
most recently updated : February 7 , 2001
brought to you by : http://www.fastseduction.com/
PLEASE DO NOT CRAWL OR SPIDER THIS GUIDE AT HIGH SPEED ( faster than 300 hits / hour or faster than 4 hits / minute on average )
Based loosely on “ Tony ’s How to Lay Girls Guide ” as of July 10 , 2000 .
Tony ’s guide is now a ( barely updated ) pay site .
Please read the disclaimer about the raw textual contents of this site .
Personal comment : Although I dislike ( for a number of reasons ) the way Tony turned his site into a pay site , I have to commend him on his ability to organize this kind of material into a well - structured , easy - to - follow format .
It would have been tough to collect the raw base of materials for the core of the site without the initial effort he put forth .
Note : Sections marked with a [ ] icon have either had their text significantly modified from the original “ Tony ’s How to Lay Girls Guide ” or have been properly attributed .
Sections not marked as such have not had their text modified significantly ( beyond the technical enhancements like search , acronym pop-ups , and integrated forum ) .
Once at least 95 % of this guide has been enhanced / revamped ( time estimate : end of February in 2001 ) , the [ ] icons will be removed .
[ Updates ] – quickly scan for latest content changes and news about this guide
Before Getting Started
[ all words ] [ any words ]
Relevance Matches
Comment / Contribute / Update
" Nature abhors a vacuum , but not as much as cats do . "
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
[ digg - reddit - me ] Closely related to the previous theory of the financial crisis – that Goldman Sachs did it – is the more generalized version of this idea – that the financial sector itself – whether through political donations , lobbying , corruption of politicians , respect , fear , or any other means at their disposal – was able to demand and receive undue influence over the political processes affecting them .
Since Ronald Reagan took office in 1980 , the financial industry has been growing more quickly than the rest of the economy – whether because of this or as a result of this , politicians of both parties have given the industry about every policy they wanted .
The financial industry began to feel its oats when a cultural revolution swept America – the Reagan Revolution – which removed the various moral stigmas from money and profits just as the 1960s had from sex .
Reagan also instituted several policies which served to concentrate wealth ( thus enlarging the financial sector ) and removing regulations .
He cut taxes – especially for the wealthiest ; he instituted a de facto Bretton Woods II agreement in which the savings of East Asia were transferred to America , thus enlarging the financial sector further and decimating our manufacturing sector ; he ran massive deficits , thus super - charging the economy – from which the financial sector was a main beneficiary ; he deregulated various industries thus allowing private enterprises to capitalize on the investments of the public in them ; he reduced regulations overall , especially those on the financial sector .
Bill Clinton came into office with various plans to help out the middle class – to pass a stimulus bill , to tackle health care – but was forced by an unruly bond market to back off .
Bob Woodward quoted Clinton realizing the power of Wall Street a few days into office :
You mean to tell me that the success of the program and my reelection hinges on the Federal Reserve and a bunch of fucking bond traders ?
But Clinton came around and designed an agenda that would win Wall Street ’s approval .
He brought down the deficit – running surpluses even .
He reformed welfare .
He pursued free trade agreements – especially NAFTA .
The Committee to Save the World – consisting of Treasury Secretary Robert Rubin , Assistant Secretary Lawrence Summers , and Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan ( with an assist from Timothy Geithner ) organized emergency interventions committing taxpayer dollars to help Mexico , the Asian markets , Russia , and domestic markets with the collapse of Long Term Capital Management in order to keep the markets stable and growing .
By the end of his presidency , Clinton was a major proponent of deregulatory measures – signing the repeal of the New Deal era Glass - Steagall Act , forbidding the regulation of derivratives , and allowing off - balance sheet accounting .
All of these changes greatly benefited the financial sector and were much sought after by the industry .
And then of course came further deregulation under George W. Bush and his proposal of various housing initiatives under the rubric of an Ownership Society .
The deregulatory fervor was probably best symbolized by the efforts of the Office of Thrift Supervision ( OTS ) to bring more financial institutions under its authority .
( Regulators were funded based on what companies they oversaw , so the various regulators began to compete to be more lax . )
The head of OTS brought a chainsaw to the photo - op in which the heads of the various regulatory agencies attacked a stack of paper representing bank regulations to demonstrate their commitment to reducing oversight .
As Simon Johnson wrote in The Atlantic regarding these many causes of the financial crisis :
[ T] hese various policies — lightweight regulation , cheap money , the unwritten Chinese - American economic alliance , the promotion of homeownership — had something in common .
Even though some are traditionally associated with Democrats and some with Republicans , they all benefited the financial sector .
His thesis is essentially this :
In its depth and suddenness , the U.S. economic and financial crisis is shockingly reminiscent of moments we have recently seen in emerging markets ( and only in emerging markets ) : South Korea ( 1997 ) , Malaysia ( 1998 ) , Russia and Argentina ( time and again ) .
In each of those cases , global investors , afraid that the country or its financial sector would n’t be able to pay off mountainous debt , suddenly stopped lending .
And in each case , that fear became self - fulfilling , as banks that could n’t roll over their debt did , in fact , become unable to pay .
This is precisely what drove Lehman Brothers into bankruptcy on September 15 , causing all sources of funding to the U.S. financial sector to dry up overnight .
Just as in emerging - market crises , the weakness in the banking system has quickly rippled out into the rest of the economy , causing a severe economic contraction and hardship for millions of people .
But there ’s a deeper and more disturbing similarity : elite business interests — financiers , in the case of the U.S. — played a central role in creating the crisis , making ever - larger gambles , with the implicit backing of the government , until the inevitable collapse .
More alarming , they are now using their influence to prevent precisely the sorts of reforms that are needed , and fast , to pull the economy out of its nosedive .
The government seems helpless , or unwilling , to act against them .
Top investment bankers and government officials like to lay the blame for the current crisis on the lowering of U.S. interest rates after the dotcom bust or , even better — in a “ buck stops somewhere else ” sort of way — on the flow of savings out of China .
Some on the right like to complain about Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac , or even about longer - standing efforts to promote broader homeownership .
And , of course , it is axiomatic to everyone that the regulators responsible for “ safety and soundness ” were fast asleep at the wheel .
But these various policies — lightweight regulation , cheap money , the unwritten Chinese - American economic alliance , the promotion of homeownership — had something in common .
Even though some are traditionally associated with Democrats and some with Republicans , they all benefited the financial sector .
Policy changes that might have forestalled the crisis but would have limited the financial sector ’s profits — such as Brooksley Born ’s now - famous attempts to regulate credit - default swaps at the Commodity Futures Trading Commission , in 1998 — were ignored or swept aside .
Whether politicians of both parties deferred to the financial sector because of their massive contributions to both parties or because the financial sector became the leading driver of GDP growth does n’t really matter .
What ’s clear is that when the financial sector wanted something , they got it .
They blocked reforms ; they got deregulation , free trade agreements , business consolidations , and policies that led to market inefficiences and bubbles they could exploit .
The financial sector was pushing virtually every policy which contributed to the economic collapse – and politicians of both parties went along .
Like Loading ...
By now you ’ve probably heard all about Trina Thompson , the New Yorker who graduated from college this past spring , and is suing her alma mater because she has n’t been able to find a job jet .
She wants Monroe College to give back $ 70,000 in tuition money because she says that her school ’s Office of Career Advancement has n’t done enough to help her find work .
Good luck with that , Trina .
But what are college career centers supposed to do ?
What services are available and how can you get the most out of them ?
Let ’s review :
What do they do ?
Most four - year ( and many two - year ) colleges and universities have career services and job coaching programs that help students and alumni develop job skills , polish their résumés and make useful contacts as they look for work .
Some career centers even provide job listings for openings on and off campus , as well as information on internships , work - study and volunteer programs .
Some of the resources offered by college career centers include individual career counseling and advice , seminars and workshops on interview skills , contacts in various fields , career fairs , résumé help and even classes in using technology .
Many college career centers also feature databases of alumni in various fields and set up networking events so that job hunters can speak with those who might be able to help them .
Who do they help ?
These programs are n’t just for current students .
Many alumni are finding the way to end a job search with success is to turn to the alma mater for help through career services .
For students , these services are paid for through student fees , so there is no charge for making use of the available resources .
Some schools , like Syracuse University , offer free career help to alumni while other schools charge a small fee for career services used by those more than a year beyond graduation .
“ While we do charge a fee for non-students , our services are open to anyone across the country with a four - year degree , not just graduates from our school , ” Dana Sowby , the Associate Director of Career Services at the University of Utah , says .
What ’s my role ?
( * This one ’s for you , Trina . )
A college career center is n’t just something to be used passively , however .
In order to make the most of career services , active participation is necessary .
“ It is really important to engage in the process , ” Sowby points out .
“ There are a number of resources available to students and to graduates , but if you just pop in occasionally , and expect someone else to do it all for you , you wo n’t do as well . ”
“ Our center puts out a regular newsletter , ” Sowby says .
“ If your career center does this , sign up for alerts and notices .
This way , you will know when a networking event or interview opportunity is coming up . ”
After all , you ca n’t take advantage of opportunities you do n’t know about .
“ This is a process , ” Sowby continues .
“ Someone is n’t going to just walk up to you and hand you a job .
You need to prepare and watch for those critical moments .
A college career center can help you do that . ”
The most important thing , Sowby reveals , is to start early .
“ It sounds really obvious , but the sooner you get started , the better .
As soon as you get an idea that a layoff is coming , you should sign up with career services .
You can even take advantage of these programs if you are n’t activity looking .
Use the career center as a way to keep up with what ’s going on , and keep your skills and résumé sharp . ”
For students , starting early can be even more beneficial .
“ We ’ll help you if you first come in the day after graduation , ” Sowby says , “ but it ’s better to start early .
If you come in as a sophomore , or even a freshman , we might be able to help you find a part - time job that relates to your major in some way .
This can help you get a better internship , which in turn can help you land a better job after graduation . ”
Even with all of those resources , though , finding a job can still be difficult … Trina .
Related Links
Job Hunt : Are University Clubs Worth The Cost of Admission ?
Job Seeking ?
Court Your References Carefully
12 Warning Signs That “ Job ” Is A Scam
— For the best rates on loans , bank accounts and credit cards , enter your ZIP code at BankingMyWay.com .
ATTENTION TO DETAIL … .
A few weeks ago , MSNBC ’s First Read had an item questioning whether President Obama “ knows too much ” about health care policy .
The piece complained that the president is willing to offer Americans details about reform , which means going “ into the weeds . ”
The Wall Street Journal ‘s Jonathan Weisman raised a similar concern today , arguing that Obama cares too much about policy details .
“ President Obama , not only does he want to hear about the unemployment rates — he wants to hear about the U6 , the underemployment rate !
A few weeks ago , they were talking about child obesity rates , and what to do about childhood nutrition .
These things go into the weeds . ”
This , apparently , is criticism , not praise .
The president who inherited a devastating economic crisis is interested in U6 numbers — a measure that includes the unemployed , those who are working part - time but want full - time employment , and those who ’ve simply given up — and this , we ’re told , is somehow evidence of excessive interest in detail .
It ’s an odd complaint .
When the president goes beyond poll - tested soundbites , he ’s going “ into the weeds . ”
When the president wants a more reliable measurement of the employment landscape , he ’s gone “ into the weeds . ”
When the president can speak about childhood nutrition , he ’s gone “ into the weeds . ”
Dan Froomkin has this just right .
There are all sorts of legitimate reasons to be concerned about Obama ’s approach to governing .
But particularly after the presidency of George W. Bush , who so often seemed detached both from details and reality , Obama ’s intellectual curiosity is one thing journalists in particular should celebrate , not sneer at .
It ’s the know - nothings we should be exposing , not the know - somethings .
I ca n’t help but wonder if there ’s some kind of resentment , for lack of a better word , among reporters who are annoyed by Obama ’s attention to detail .
Perhaps they ’d prefer a more superficial president because they have a more superficial perspective ?
In defending these policies since you left office , you have insisted that all of these techniques were legal .
But one of the key lawyers who provided your legal defense , John Yoo , is on record as saying that your inherent executive power allowed you to order the legal crushing of an innocent child ’s testicles if you believed that it could get intelligence out of his father .
Yoo also favored a definition of torture that allowed literally anything to be done to a helpless prisoner short of causing death or the permanent loss of a major organ .
The Geneva Conventions and the UN Convention Against Torture offer blanket legal bans on anything that even looks like torture .
Yoo set up a mirror image : a blanket legal permission to do anything abusive to a prisoner , hedged only by the need not to kill him .
If that is your defense of the legality of torture , it is a profoundly weak one .
But leave the question of legality aside .
Skilled lawyers can argue anything .
Examine the moral and ethical question .
Could any moral person who saw the abuse of human beings at Abu Ghraib , Bagram , Camp Cropper , Camp Nama , and uncounted black sites across the globe and at sea believe it was in compliance with America ’s “ respect ” and “ law and freedom ” ?
As president , your job was not to delegate moral responsibility for these acts , but to take moral responsibility for them .
You said a decade ago : “ Once you put your hand on the Bible and swear in [ to public office ] , you must set a high standard and be responsible for your own actions . ”
The point of this letter , Mr. President , is to beg you to finally take responsibility for this stain on American honor and this burden on a war we must win .
It is to plead with you to own what happened under your command , and to reject categorically the phony legalisms , criminal destruction of crucial evidence , and retrospective rationalizations used to pretend that none of this happened .
It happened .
You once said , “ I ’m worried about a culture that says … ‘ If you ’ve got a problem blame somebody else . ’ ” I am asking you to stop blaming others for the consequences of decisions you made .
What are you responsible for , exactly ?
Books have been written on this .
But let ’s take just three of the more bland - sounding techniques you authorized and extended and defended : “ sleep deprivation ” and “ stress positions ” and “ temperature extremes . ”
As words and phrases , they can seem quite banal , and I can understand how you could have authorized techniques that sound like things most college sophomores or law clerks regularly endure .
But in practice , they are brutal treatments designed to break the will and wash the brain of anyone subjected to them for a lengthy period .
Sleep deprivation was pioneered by the Inquisition ; not only does it produce hallucinations , which were useful for proving heresy , but it also increases physical sensitivity .
As Darius Rejali , the historian of torture , has noted , it “ reduces a body ’s tolerance for musculoskeletal pain , causing deep aches first in the lower part of the body , followed by similar pains in the upper body . ”
The combination of sleep deprivation and stress positions leads to unbearable mental and physical suffering .
It was used by the Gestapo , by Franco ’s security services , and even in the early part of the 20th century by American police .
Use of sleep deprivation to procure confessions in domestic law enforcement was actually barred by the Supreme Court in 1944 ( Ashcraft v. Tennessee ) after a suspect was kept awake for 36 hours .
The Court compared his treatment to the “ physical or mental torture ” used by “ certain foreign nations . ”
And yet you , Mr. President , more than a half - century later , authorized subjecting prisoners to this technique for up to 72 hours , or 40 hours if combined with standing in handcuff restraints .
In 2002 , troops in Afghanistan coined the term monstering to describe one interrogator ’s war against a prisoner ’s desperate need for sleep .
The Free Democrats ’ campaign platform called for more than $ 50 billion in tax cuts , more than twice what Mrs. Merkel ’s Christian Democrats promised .
Yet , even the more modest figure could be hard to achieve without deep and unpopular reductions in social spending ; deficits have soared as a result of the economic crisis and the government stimulus plan meant to combat its effects .
For many of the postwar years the Free Democrats were a swing vote in a Parliament dominated by the country ’s two major parties , the Christian Democrats and the Social Democrats .
But the Free Democrats were out of power for the last 11 years , a stretch in the opposition that allowed the party to sharpen its stands for lower taxes and against bureaucratic red tape .
It also gave Mr. Westerwelle , the youngest leader in the history of the party , time to grow up .
Before the 2002 election he set his sights on winning 18 percent of the vote , and to drive home the point he wore a pair of shoes with “ 18 ” emblazoned in the party ’s trademark yellow on the soles .
He also rode in a bright yellow bus he called the Guidomobile .
The party fell far short of his target , earning itself just 7.4 percent of the vote and Mr. Westerwelle a reputation as a joker .
Mr. Westerwelle learned his lesson and cultivated a more serious image .
His antics may have had a positive effect as well , broadening the party ’s appeal beyond its traditional base among business owners by attracting younger professionals .
In addition to emphasizing the party ’s trademark positions in favor of liberalizing the economy , Mr. Westerwelle also studied foreign policy , hoping to follow in the footsteps of Hans - Dietrich Genscher , a former party leader and current adviser whose two decades as foreign minister included German reunification .
“ In the past few years , he has clearly been preparing himself for this role , ” said Jan Techau , director of the Europe program at the German Council on Foreign Relations , where Mr. Westerwelle gave a lengthy foreign - policy address in May .
But Mr. Techau described the appearance as cautious , emphasizing continuity in German foreign policy and reminiscent of the passive role for Germany favored by Mr. Westerwelle ’s mentor , Mr. Genscher .
“ Not living up to the country ’s size and responsibility in the world is just not a sustainable foreign policy for Germany anymore , ” Mr. Techau said .
Although the Free Democrats have supported Germany ’s participation in the NATO mission in Afghanistan , Mr. Westerwelle spoke out more strongly than Mrs. Merkel during the campaign about limiting the length of the deployment of the more than 4,000 German troops there .
While talking about nuclear weapons at his news conference on Monday , Mr. Westerwelle referred to “ rearmament ” when he clearly meant to say “ disarmament , ” and shortly afterward apologized for his exhaustion after a long election night .
Sebastien Bourdais was released by the F1 team
Sebastien Bourdais is threatening legal action against the Toro Rosso team , who sacked him following a string of poor results in this year 's championship .
Bourdais has scored only six points in 27 grands prix for Toro Rosso .
But he said : " I consider that Toro Rosso has breached contractual duties .
Nothing in my behaviour would legitimise a decision to terminate .
" I have instructed my lawyers to review the situation including the possibility of issuing legal proceedings . "
Bourdais ' place in the Hungarian Grand Prix on 26 July is expected to go to Spain 's Jaime Alguersuari , who , at 19 , would become the youngest ever Formula One driver .
Bourdais added : " I am even more frustrated by the team 's decision considering that the latter has been taken immediately before the Hungarian Grand Prix , where a new highly - competitive racing package will be introduced in order to try and overcome current difficulties .
" I am convinced that if I was given the chance to race with such a new package I would have had the opportunity to achieve satisfactory results . "
These fellow Singaporean Freemasons or Brothers are :-
Sir Charles Warren – Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis
Thomas Dunman - Deputy Superintendent of Police
Thomas Braddell – First Attorney General of Singapore
James Brooke - Rajah of Sarawak
Sir Henry Keppel – Admiral of the Fleet
William Henry Macleod Read – Chairman of the Singapore Chamber of Commerce
“ emphatically recognized the wisdom of liberating commerce from all restraints , under which enlightened policy this settlement has rapidly attained its present rank among British possessions and with which its future prosperity must ever be identified ”
the more important but least - familiar parts of Singapore 's formidably successful establishment .
The Pyramid is the after - hours home for more than 300 of the country 's top movers and shakers , and anyone who is anyone is said to be a member .
Although the Pyramid 's membership list might read like a Who 's Who of Singapore , the institution goes out of its way not to attract attention .
One well - placed Singaporean talks of the Pyramid in terms that most people would associate with a cult .
He speculates on understandings forged within a cosy fraternity and designed to keep the country on its stable trajectory .
The reality is perhaps less sensational but might help in understanding formation and execution of Singapore 's public policy .
George Yeo Yong - Boon , the Minister for Trade and Industry and one of the Government 's most promising front - benchers , is the Pyramid 's president , assisted by vice - president Mah Bow Tan , who is the Minister for National Development .
Michael Lim Choo San , the chairman of the National Healthcare Group , which manages half of the island 's hospitals and clinics , is listed as honorary treasurer .
The first club president was Goh Keng Swee - a key ally of then - prime minister Lee - who then held the finance - ministry portfolio .
He was supported by Pyramid vice - president , Jek Yeun Thong , then the political secretary in the prime minister 's office .
Beneath the trees at the foot of the driveway , a small sign confirms that you have found No. 2 Goodwood Park .
Bolted on top , no bigger than a paperback book , is a stylised pyramid logo .
It is as close as you are likely to get to one of Singapore 's best - kept secrets .
This post speculates that the city - state of Singapore may secretly have been planned out by Freemasonry and be under masonic or semi-masonic rule to this day .
Whether this secret rule ( if it exists ) is " good " or " bad " is , as you will see , a matter of worldview .
Both masons and anti-masonic - conspiracy - theorists could easily use this to support their views , depending upon whether one views unrestrained capitalism as " good " or " bad " .
Singapore is arguably the richest , safest , cleanest places on earth .
It is also one of the only known " benevolent dictatorship " ( only semi- democratic ) in the History of mankind .
42 % of its population are practicing Buddhists , the rest are mainly Christians , Muslims and Jews .
After getting a " hint " from a Veteran - Freemason about the importance of Freemasonry in Singapore , I did a little bit of research .
The first oddity I noticed was the high number of lodges :
Thats 35 lodges in a single city ( meeting in one lodge building , there could be more ) - which is rather anomalous .
Next I found out that much of the ruling elite of Singapore were Freemasons .
The Founder of Singapore , Sir Stamford Raffles , was a Freemason .
A few others : The " Marquis of Dalhousie " , one of the most influential figures of British Colonialism was a Freemason .
An Obelisk was erected in his honour - in Singapore : The Turbo - Capitalistic mentality of Singapore might be explained by the following inscription on the Obelisk ( partially quoted ) :
The designer of the Obelisk and author of the inscription , John Turnbull Thomson , was also a Freemason .___________________________________________________I found a more recent article on Singapore being run by secret societies in the " China Morning Post " .
The article is about Singapores semi-masonic " Pyramid Club " Relevant snippets :
___________________________________________________Masonic
Hall in Singapore : [ edit on 13-8-2009 by Skyfloating ]
In this two - part series , we 'll combine the versatile canvas element with the robust jQuery library to create a bar graphing plugin .
In this first part , we are going to code the core logic of the plugin as a standalone version .
Today , we are going to create a bar graphing plugin .
Not an ordinary plugin , mind you .
We 'll show some jQuery love to the canvas element to create a very robust plugin .
In this two - part article , we will start from the beginning by implementing the logic of the plugin as a standalone script , refactoring it into a plugin and then finally adding all the additional eye candy on top of the plugin code .
In this first part , we are going to deal solely with implementing the core logic .
Need an example before we get started ?
Here you go !
Different graphs created with supplying different settings to our plugin Different graphs created with supplying different settings to our plugin
Satisfied ?
Interested yet ?
Let 's start .
Functionality
Our plugin needs to accomplish some basic things whilst not doing some other things .
Let me elucidate :
As usual , we are going to utilize only the canvas element and JavaScript .
No images of any kind , no broken CSS techniques , no prerendering .
Plain old ( or is it new ? ) canvas element along with some jQuery to lighten our workload .
With respect to the data source , we are going to pull all of the data directly from a standard table .
No arrays to pass on the plugin at startup .
This way the user can just put all the data in a table and then invoke our plugin .
Plus , it is much more accessible .
No special markup for the table acting as the data source and definitely no special classes names for the data cells .
We are going to utilize only the ID of the table and pull all our data from there .
No flimsy text overlay for rendering the labels and such on the graph .
It is not only highly tedious but the rendered text is n't part of the graph when it is saved .
We are going to use the fillText and strokeText as defined by the WHATWG specs .
Dependencies
As we are delving into the world of cutting - edge , still not fully specified , technology , we do have some dependencies .
For the canvas element to work , most modern browsers are sufficient .
But since we make use of the new text rendering API , we need newer builds .
Browsers utilizing the Webkit engine r433xx and above or the Gecko engine 1.9.1 and above should be excellent platforms for the plugin .
I recommend grabbing a nightly build of Chromium or Firefox .
Before We Start
I 'd like to mention that our plugin is purely for learning purposes .
This plugin is in no way meant to replace other full - fledged graphing plugins like Flot , Plotr and such .
Also the code is going to be as verbose as possible .
You could write far , far more efficient code but for the sake of learning , everything is going to be as uncomplicated as possible .
Feel free to refactor it in favor of efficiency in your production code .
The HTML Markup
Nothing special about the markup .
I 'll do a quick overview anyway .
We begin by including the requisite doctype .
Since we are using the canvas element , we use the appropriate one for HTML 5 .
The data source table is then defined .
Do notice that no special markup is being described or new classes being defined and assigned inside its members .
A canvas element is defined and then assigned an ID to later reference it to .
This specific canvas element will only be here for the standalone version .
In the plugin version , the canvas element and its attributes will be injected dynamically into the DOM and then manipulated as needed .
For progressive enhancement this way works out a lot better .
Finally , we include the jQuery library and our custom script .
As Jeffrey has mentioned time and again , including scripts at the end of the document is always a good idea .
The Canvas Grid
Before we start the Javascript , let me explain the canvas coordinate system .
The top - left corner acts as the origin i.e. ( 0 , 0 ) .
Points are then measured with respect to the origin with x increasing along the right and y increasing along the left .
For the mathematically inclined , we are effectively working in the 4th quadrant except that we take the absolute value of y instead of its negative value .
If you have worked with graphics in other languages you should be at home here .
The canvas co-ordinate system
The canvas co-ordinate system
The Rectangle Rendering Routine
Canvas ' rectangle rendering routine will be used extensively through out the article to render the bars , the grid and some other elements .
With that in mind , let 's take a short look at those routines .
Of the three routines available , we will be using the fillRect and strokeRect methods .
The fillRect method actually fills the rendered rectangle while the strokeRect method only strokes the rectangles .
Other than that , both the methods take the same parameters .
x - The x coordinate of the point from where to start drawing .
y - The y coordinate with respect to the origin .
width - Defines the width of the rectangle to be drawn .
height - Defines the height of the rectangle .
The Javascript Magic
As always , I highly recommend you to download the source code and have it on the side for reference .
It 's easier to look at the big picture and parse each function one by one than look at each function individually and then create the big picture in your mind .
Variable Declaration
Graph variables
x Labels -
An array which holds the value of the labels of the X axis .
y Labels - Same as above except that it contains the values of the Y axis labels .
g Values - Array which holds all the graph data we pull off the data source .
cv - Variable to point towards the canvas element .
ctx - Variable to refer to the context of the canvas element .
Graph Option Variables
These variables hold hard coded values to aid us in positioning and layout of the graph and the individual bars .
barSpacing - Defines the spacing between individual bars .
barWidth - Defines the width of each individual bar .
cvHeight - Defines the height of the canvas element .
Hard coded since we created the canvas element beforehand .
Plugin version varies in this functionality .
numYlabels - Defines the number of labels to be drawn in the Y axis .
x Offset - Defines the space between the beginning of the canvas element and the actual graph .
This space is utilized for drawing the labels of the Y axis .
g Width , gHeight - Hard coded values holding the dimension of the actual rendering space of the graph itself .
How each variable controls the appearance of the graph
How each variable controls the appearance of the graph
Grabbing the Values
With jQuery 's strong selector engine it becomes very easy for us to get the data we need .
Here we have a number of ways to access the necessary elements .
Let me explain a few below :
The simplest way to access the necessary rows .
Looks for a tr element and then accesses every other td element .
Fails miserably when you have more than one table on your page .
A much more straight forward way .
We pass in the ID of the table and then access every other row .
Same as above except that we just use CSS style selector syntax .
The version we are going to use today .
This way is a lot better if we need to grab data from a different row or , if needed , multiple rows .
The final version looks like so :
Nothing complicated here .
We use the snippet of code mentioned above to add the value of the table cell to the gValues array .
Next , we do the same except that we access the first table cell in order to extract the requisite label for the x axis .
We 've encapsulated the data extraction logic to its own function for code reusability and readability .
Canvas Initialization
Routine canvas initialization .
First we try to access the canvas element itself .
We throw an error if unable to .
Next up , we try to obtain a reference to the 2d rendering context through the getContext method and throw an error if we 're unable to do so .
Utility Functions
Before we step into the actual rendering of the graph itself , we need to look at a number of utility functions which aid us greatly in the process .
Each of them are tiny by themselves , but will be used extensively throughout our code .
Determining the Maximum Value
A small function which iterates through the passed array and updates the maxVal variable .
Do note that we inflate the maximum value by 10 % for special purposes .
If the maximum value is left as it is , then the bar representing the topmost value will touch the edge of the canvas element which we do not want .
With that in mind , a 10 % increment is issued .
Normalizing the Value
A small function to normalize the extracted value with respect to the height of the canvas element .
This function is used extensively in other functions and directly in our code to express the value as a function of the height of the canvas .
Takes a single parameter .
Returning the X Coordinate
Returns the x ordinate to the fillRect to aid us in the positioning of each individual bar .
I 'll explain this a bit more in detail when it is used .
Returning the Y Coordinate
Returns the y ordinate to the fillRect method to aid us in the positioning of each individual bar .
More explanations a bit later .
Returning the Width
Returns the width of each individual bar .
Returning the height
Returns the height of the bar to be drawn .
Uses the scale function to normalize the value and then returns it to the caller .
Drawing the X Axis Labels
A simple function to render the labels of the x axis .
We first save the current state of the canvas including all the rendering settings so that anything we do inside the functions never leaks out .
Then we set the size and font of the labels .
Next , we iterate through the xLabels array and call the fillText method each time to render the label .
We use the x function to aid us in the positioning of the labels .
Drawing the Y Axis Labels
A slightly more verbose function .
We first save the current state of the canvas and then proceed .
Next we divide maxVal 's value into n elements where the variable numYlabels dictates n .
These values are then added to the yLabels array .
Now , as shown above , the fillText method is called to draw the individual labels with the y function aiding us in the positioning of each individual label .
We render a zero at the bottom of the canvas to finish drawing the Y labels .
Drawing the Graph
The function which draws the actual bars in the bar graph .
Iterates through the gValues array and renders each individual bar .
We use the fillRect method to draw the bars .
As explained above , the method takes four parameters , each of which is taken care of by our utility functions .
The current index of the loop is passed to our functions as parameters along with the actual value held in the array , as needed .
The x function returns the x co-ordinate of the bar .
Each time , it is incremented by the value of the sum of barWidth and barSpacing variables .
The y function calculates the difference between the height of the canvas element and the normalized data and returns it .
I know this sounds a bit topsy turvy , but this is due to the fact that the y values on the canvas grid increase on moving down while in our graph the y values increase on moving up .
Thus , we have to do a little work to make it function the way we wish .
The width function returns the width of the individual bars themselves .
The height function just returns the normalized value which is going to be used as the height of the bar to be drawn .
Summary
In this first part , we 've implemented the base logic of our plug - in as a standalone version with bare bones looks and features .
We reviewed the canvas coordinate system , the rectangle rendering methods , some nifty data extraction using jQuery 's innate awesomeness [ Have I mentioned how much I like jQuery ? ] , looked at how the labels are drawn , and finally looked at the logic behind the rendering of the graph itself .
At the end of this article , the output should look like so .
Next Up !
Our current implementation is rather lacking really .
It looks bland , can't create multiple graphs on the same page , and let 's face it , is rather spartan on the features front .
We are going to tackle all of that next week .
In the next article we will :
Refactor our code towards making it a full - fledged jQuery plugin .
Add some eye candy .
Include some nifty little features .
Questions ?
Criticisms ?
Praises ?
Feel free to hit the comments .
Thanks for reading and , when you 're ready , move on to part two !
Follow us on Twitter , or subscribe to the NETTUTS RSS Feed for more daily web development tuts and articles .
Sixtus hats ja heute schon getwittert , dass ich ein Interview mit einer Zeitung names „ Junge Freiheit “ gegeben habe , die sich für mich im Nachhinein als ziemlich rechtslastiges Blatt herausgestellt hat .
Dazu möchte ich ein paar Worte verlieren .
Ich bekam letztes Wochenende eine Mail mit dem Titel „ Eilige Interviewanfrage “ mit einer Bitte um Rückruf .
Also hab ich da angerufen und gefragt was er denn will .
Mir war die Zeitung überhaupt nicht bekannt , also dachte ich mir nichts dabei .
Bei dem Interview bin ich schließlich aus allen Wolken gefallen und hab den Interviewer auch gefragt , was er denn eigentlich von mir wolle , weil er mir immer halb seltsame Voträge gehalten hat und ich mich auch schon so gefühlt habe , als wolle er mir hier irgendwas unterschieben .
Das hab ich dem auch so gesagt .
Er versicherte mir ich dürfe mir alles durchlesen und nochmal korrigieren .
Ich war schon ziemlich stinkig als das Transkript kam , weil er mir jedes Wort im Mund rum gedreht hat und ich habs bisher auch ehrlich gesagt dank 3 Tagen Schlafmangel nicht gelesen , ob er wirklich alles so übernommen hat was ich geschrieben hab .
Ich habe mit mir gehadert ob ich überhaupt ein Transkript zurückschicken soll , aber ich wollte unter keinen Umständen das stehen lassen , was da im ersten Transkript stand .
Ich hab also nochmal den Wikipedia - Artikel zu der Zeitung gelesen und dachte mir dann , wenn sogar Ephraim Kishon da ein Interview gibt , dann ist es wohl sicherer es doch zurückzuschicken anstatt zu riskieren , dass er das alte nimmt .
Es gibt ja auch genug Medien , die dich gar nicht drüberlesen lassen .
Ich hoffe ich habe auch klar gemacht , dass ich mitnichten mit diesen seltsamen Ansichten sympathisiere , die mir da angekreidet werden sollten .
Ich für meinen
Teil weiß , dass dies mein ersters und letztes Interview mit diesem seltsamen Blatt war .
Ich entschuldige mich bei allen , dass ich hier nicht besser aufgepasst habe , wem ich da ein Interview gebe .
Ich hab jetzt schon entschieden , dass ich Interviewanfragen nur noch über die Pressestelle laufen lasse , insbesondere wenn ich die Interviewer nicht kenne .
One of the first things I noticed after upgrading to Snow Leopard is that my Passenger based sites stopped working .
I use this heavily for Rails development , so I needed it fixed .
The first thing I tried was reinstalling Passenger Phusion , which led to an error .
ERROR : Error installing passenger :
ERROR : Failed to build gem native extension .
/ System / Library / Frameworks/Ruby.framework/Versions/1.8/usr/bin/ruby extconf.rb install passenger
mkmf.rb can't find header files for ruby at / System / Library / Frameworks / Ruby.framework/Versions/1.8/usr/lib/ruby/ruby.h
Gem files will remain installed in / Library / Ruby / Gems/1.8/gems / passenger -2.2.4 for inspection .
Results logged to / Library / Ruby / Gems/1.8/gems/passenger-2.2.4/ext/phusion_passenger/gem_make.out
There are several reasons for this .
You have a new operating system with new binaries .
Things do n’t line up anymore .
You have a new version of Ruby ( 1.8.7 instead of 1.8.6 ) and you may need updated gems .
The upgrade deletes your mysql symlink
Here are the steps to take to fix the issues .
Install Xcode
This is available on the Snow Leopard DVD in the Optional Installs directory .
Install the iPhone SDK
If you have previously installed the iPhone SDK for Leopard , you ’ll need to reinstall .
You can download and Install the iPhone SDK for Snow Leopard .
It is build specific to Snow Leopard , so be sure to grab the right dmg file .
Install MySQL 64 - bit
If you are running 64 - bit hardware , OS X is now fully 64 - bit compliant and your MySQL libraries probably are n’t !
You ’ll need to download the 64 - bit version and reinstall .
Next we are going to move the default data files out and restore our original data files that the install moved .
First , go stop mysql using the preference pane .
I ’ll wait .
Ok , now go run the following commands :
Note :
You need to tailor the last command to pull from the previously installed version of MySQL .
You can do an ls /usr / local / directory to find out .
sudo mv /usr / local / mysql/data /usr/local/mysql/data.default
sudo mv /usr / local / mysql-5.0.67-osx10.5-x86/data /usr/local/mysql/data
You ’ll also need to recreate the symlink for you socket .
sudo ln -s /var/ mysql/mysql.sock /tmp/mysql.sock
Re-Install Your Broken Gems
Any gem that requires compilation ( passenger , mysql , RedCloth , thin and hpricot are good examples ) must be recompiled using the new gcc compiler that is installed with XCode .
sudo gem install passenger
sudo gem uninstall mysql
sudo env ARCHFLAGS= " - arch x86_64 " gem install mysql -- --with-mysql-config=/usr/local/mysql/bin/mysql_config
You still need to pass the ARCHFLAGS command like you did under 10.5 Leopard .
More to Come ?
Probably , but that ’s it so far .
I ’ll update this post if I find any more issues .
Update 1a : Passenger PrefPane
It does n’t load and reinstalling it does n’t work for me .
It appears to be an issue with RubyCocoa , but not sure yet .
In the mean time , just add your *.local domains to to your /etc / hosts file .
Thanks to David for the fix in the comments .
Once you install Ruby Cocoa 0.13.2 with the plist change ( allows you to install on 10.6 ) you may need to change your pref pane entries .
I added a letter to the alias of each , then deleted it back out and applied the change .
sudo apachectl restart
After that it picked the local domains right up and I was good to go .
Update 1b : Passenger PrefPane 1.3 is Out !
Eloy has release a new update that is compatible with Snow Leopard .
Great work !
Read more about it and download it on his blog .
Update 2 : ImageMagick and RMagick
So the upgrade toasts Mac Ports and ImageMagick .
Yep , blow it all away .
It ’s too much of a pain .
rm - rf / opt/ local
Now download Mac Ports for Snow Leopard and install .
You might want to go eat or get a beer for this next step .
Then again , maybe not .
You have a faster OS now !
Nope , you still need that beer .
sudo port install libxml2
sudo port install ImageMagick
sudo gem install rmagick
Update 3 : Git
I just do n’t trust potential binary issues and am upgrading to the latest .
You should too .
WARNING : As of 8/29/2009 expat is not the correct architecture and you ca n’t install git yet so wait a few days .
I did some testing and git seems good to go .
I will upgrade as soon as this is fixed though .
Blowing away Mac Ports in Update 2 solves the issue !
If you were using Mac Ports previously , you ’ll have problems you need to fix .
sudo port install git-core +bash_completion +doc
or via downloaded file
cd /download / and / untarred / folder /
./ configure
make
sudo make install
Update 4 : Fixing an Incorrect DirectoryIndex in Apache
We came across an issue this morning with Apache not using the correct Directory Index ( default document such as index. php ) .
It seems the code to include the passenger prefpane vhosts has changed slightly .
In the /etc / apache2/httpd.conf file they added three new lines .
It was this :
< IfModule passenger_module >
NameVirtualHost *:80
Include / private/etc/apache2/passenger_pane_vhosts/*.conf
</IfModule >
and is now this :
Flasks , beakers and hot plates may soon be a thing of the past in chemistry labs .
Instead of handling a few experiments on a bench top , scientists may simply pop a microchip into a computer and instantly run thousands of chemical reactions , with results — literally shrinking the lab down to the size of a thumbnail .
Toward that end , UCLA researchers have developed technology to perform more than a thousand chemical reactions at once on a stamp - size , PC - controlled microchip , which could accelerate the identification of potential drug candidates for treating diseases like cancer .
Their study appears in the Aug. 21 edition of the journal Lab on a Chip and is currently available online .
A team of UCLA chemists , biologists and engineers collaborated on the technology , which is based on microfluidics — the utilization of miniaturized devices to automatically handle and channel tiny amounts of liquids and chemicals invisible to the eye .
The chemical reactions were performed using in situ click chemistry , a technique often used to identify potential drug molecules that bind tightly to protein enzymes to either activate or inhibit an effect in a cell , and were analyzed using mass spectrometry .
While traditionally only a few chemical reactions could be produced on a chip , the research team pioneered a way to instigate multiple reactions , thus offering a new method to quickly screen which drug molecules may work most effectively with a targeted protein enzyme .
In this study , scientists produced a chip capable of conducting 1,024 reactions simultaneously , which , in a test system , ably identified potent inhibitors to the enzyme bovine carbonic anhydrase .
A thousand cycles of complex processes , including controlled sampling and mixing of a library of reagents and sequential microchannel rinsing , all took place on the microchip device and were completed in just a few hours .
At the moment , the UCLA team is restricted to analyzing the reaction results off - line , but in future , they intend to automate this aspect of the work as well .
Read rest of the story at UCLA Newsroom
Transcript :
The public does n't like Obama 's plan to give everyone a free maserati .
Barack Obama : Cool , fast , and free to every American !
Man :
Thanks , but I 'm happy with my wheels .
Barack Obama :
This is a car .
You do n't have a car .
You take the bus .
Man : I do n't want the government to come between me and my car dealer !
What if there 's a budget crunch ?
They 'll start car rotating !
Right now , I have freedom .
I can buy as many maseratis as I want !
Barack Obama :
But you ride the bus .
Man :
And you wanna give them to illegal immigrants !!
I guess it had to happen this way .
The greatest social menace of the new century is not terrorism but drugs , and it is the poor who will have to lead the revolution .
The global trade in illicit narcotics ranks with that in oil and arms .
Its prohibition wrecks the lives of wealthy and wretched , east and west alike .
It fills jails , corrupts politicians and plagues nations .
It finances wars from Afghanistan to Colombia .
It is utterly mad .
There is no sign of reform emanating from the self - satisfied liberal democracies of west Europe or north America .
Reform is not mentioned by Barack Obama , Gordon Brown , Nicolas Sarkozy or Angela Merkel .
Their countries can sustain prohibition , just , by extravagant penal repression and by sweeping the consequences underground .
Politicians will smirk and say , as they did in their youth , that they can " handle " drugs .
No such luxury is available to the political economies of Latin America .
They have been wrecked by Washington 's demand that they stop exporting drugs to fuel America 's unregulated cocaine market .
It is like trying to stop traffic jams by imposing an oil ban in the Gulf .
Push has finally come to shove .
Last week the Argentine supreme court declared in a landmark ruling that it was " unconstitutional " to prosecute citizens for having drugs for their personal use .
It asserted in ringing terms that " adults should be free to make lifestyle decisions without the intervention of the state " .
This classic statement of civil liberty comes not from some liberal British home secretary or Tory ideologue .
They would not dare .
The doctrine is adumbrated by a regime only 25 years from dictatorship .
Nor is that all .
The Mexican government has been brought to its knees by a drug - trafficking industry employing some 500,000 workers and policed by 5,600 killings a year , all to supply America 's gargantuan appetite and Mexico 's lesser one .
Three years ago , Mexico concluded that prison for drug possession merely criminalised a large slice of its population .
Drug users should be regarded as " patients , not criminals " .
Next to the plate step Brazil and Ecuador .
Both are quietly proposing to follow suit , fearful only of offending America 's drug enforcement bureaucracy , now a dominant presence in every South American capital .
Ecuador has pardoned 1,500 " mules " – women used by the gangs to transport cocaine over international borders .
Britain , still in the dark ages , locks these pathetic women up in Holloway for years on end .
Brazil 's former president , Fernando Henrique Cardoso , co-authored the recent Latin American Commission on Drugs and Democracy .
He declares the emperor naked .
" The tide is turning , " he says .
" The war - on - drugs strategy has failed . "
A Brazilian judge , Maria Lucia Karam , of the lobby group Law Enforcement Against Prohibition , tells the Guardian : " The only way to reduce violence in Mexico , Brazil or anywhere else is to legalise the production , supply and consumption of all drugs . "
America spends a reported $ 70 bn a year on suppressing drug imports , and untold billions on prosecuting its own citizens for drugs offences .
Yet the huge profits available to Latin American traffickers have financed a quarter - century of civil war in Colombia and devastating social disruption in Mexico , Peru and Bolivia .
Similar profits are aiding the war in Afghanistan and killing British soldiers .
The underlying concept of the war on drugs , initiated by Richard Nixon in the 1970s , is that demand can be curbed by eliminating supply .
It has been enunciated by every US president and every British prime minister .
Tony Blair thought that by occupying Afghanistan he could rid the streets of Britain of heroin .
He told Clare Short to do it .
Gordon Brown believes it to this day .
This concept marries intellectual idiocy – that supply leads demand – with practical impossibility .
But it is golden politics .
For 30 years it has allowed western politicians to shift blame for not regulating drug abuse at home on to the shoulders of poor countries abroad .
It is gloriously , crashingly immoral .
The Latin American breakthrough is directed at domestic drug users , but this is only half the battle .
There is no rational justification for making consumption legal but not the supply of what is consumed .
We do not cure nicotine addiction by banning the Zimbabwean tobacco crop .
The absurdity of this position was illustrated by this week 's " good news " that the 2009 Afghan poppy harvest had fallen back to its 2005 level .
This was taken as a sign both that poppy eradication was " working " and that depriving Afghan peasants of their most lucrative cash crop somehow wins their hearts and minds and impoverishes the Taliban .
The Afghan poppy crop is largely a function of the price of poppies compared with that of wheat .
The only time policy has disrupted this potent market was in 2001 , when the old Taliban responded to American pressure by ruthlessly suppressing supply .
Since the Nato occupation it has boomed , inevitably polluting Kabul politics and plunging western diplomats and commentators into hypocrisy over Hamid Karzai 's corrupt regime .
What did they think would happen ?
The crop has shrunk because the wheat price has risen and the recession has dampened European demand .
It will rise again .
The policy of Nato and the UN 's economically illiterate drug tsar , Antonio Maria Costa , of treating Afghan opium as the cause of heroin addiction , not a response to it , means trying to break supply routes and stamp out criminal gangs .
It has failed , merely increasing heroin 's risk premium .
As long as there is demand , there will be supply .
Water does not flow uphill , however much global bureaucrats pay each other to pretend otherwise .
The trade in drugs is a direct result of their unregulated availability on the streets of Europe and America .
Making supply illegal is worse than pointless .
It oils a black market , drives trade underground , cross-subsidises other crime and leaves consumers at the mercy of poisons .
It is the politics of stupid .
The incarceration ( pdf ) of thousands of poor people ( 11,000 in England and Wales alone ) also deprives economies of a large labour pool .
As the Brazilian judge pointed out , the tide of violence associated with any illegal trade will not abate by only licensing consumption .
The mountain that must be climbed is licensing , regulating and taxing supply , thus ending a prohibition now outstripping in absurdity and damage America 's alcohol prohibition between the wars .
From the the deaths of British troops in Helmand to the narco - terrorism of Mexico and the mules cramming London 's jails , the war on drugs can be seen only as a total failure , a vast self - imposed cost on western society .
It is the greatest sweeping - under - the - carpet of our age .
The desperate politicians of Latin America have at last found the courage to grasp the nettle .
Will Britain ?
According to the UN , it has the highest number of problem drug users in Europe .
I imagine Gordon Brown and David Cameron agree with the Argentine supreme court , but they are too frightened to say so , let alone promise reform .
In all they do they are guided by fear .
I sometimes realise that , if Britain still had the death penalty , no current political leader would have the guts to abolish it .
Il 15 agosto 2009 , con l’entrata in vigore della legge manovra n.99/2009 , è ricominciata l’avventura atomica italiana .
Dopo 22 anni dai referendum che di fatto resero impossibile realizzare centrali nucleari nel nostro paese , sarà dunque nuovamente possibile farlo .
E’ opinione comune che l’uscita dell ’ Italia dal nucleare sia stata a suo tempo determinata dall ’emotività scatenata dall ’incidente di Cernobyl .
Di certo l’attuale rientro del nostro paese nel nucleare appare una scelta ideologica e giustificata con affermazioni fasulle .
Governo e Confindustria fanno propaganda sostenendo che il nucleare risolverà tutti i nostri problemi :
ridurrà il costo della bolletta elettrica ,
ridurrà la dipendenza dall ’estero per i combustibili fossili ,
risolverà il problema del cambiamento climatico e
risolleverà la nostra economia scatenando , per usare le parole di Fulvio Conti , a.d. di Enel , “ un rinascimento industriale ” .
Ma stanno davvero così le cose ?
Costi
Ovunque si ripete in maniera ossessiva che in Italia l’energia costa cara ( si dice il 30 % in più che all ’estero ) facendo pensare al normale cittadino che la sua bolletta della luce si abbasserà grazie al ritorno al nucleare .
In realtà l’energia elettrica per i consumi medio - bassi ( fascia in cui rientra la maggior parte delle famiglie italiane ) è sempre stata conveniente rispetto al resto d’Europa .
Anche se negli ultimi anni questo vantaggio si sta assottigliando continuiamo a spendere meno della media europea .
Lo ha riaffermato a luglio il garante per l’energia ed il gas nella sua razione annuale :
“ si può stimare che il 60 % delle famiglie italiane , con consumi annui inferiori ai 2.500 kWh , paghi per l’elettricità prezzi più bassi della media europea ” .
Va poi considerato che del costo del Kwh , la produzione incide per il 60 % , il resto è composto da varie voci , fra cui trasmissione , tasse , oneri vari tipo CIP6 e oneri del vecchio nucleare .
Di questi ultimi continueremo per anni a pagare la dismissione delle vecchie centrali ed il costo del futuro deposito per le scorie ( stimato in 1,5 miliardi di euro ) finirà in bolletta .
Pertanto proprio a causa del nucleare il costo della bolletta non calerà , questa e una delle poche certezze per il futuro .
Dipendenza dall ’estero
Una centrale nucleare consuma combustibile prodotto a partire dall ’uranio .
In Italia non esistono giacimenti e neppure esistono impianti di riprocessamento .
Pertanto col nucleare continueremo a dipendere dall ’estero .
Inoltre pochi sanno che delle circa 70 mila tonnellate di uranio consumate annualmente , solo il 28 % proviene da paesi stabili , come Australia , Canada ed Usa , il resto viene da Kazakhistan , Russia ( avete presenti i problemi col gas nello scorso inverno ? ) , Niger , Namibia e Uzbekistan .
Cambiamento climatico
Il nucleare viene proposto come l’unica soluzione al problema di ridurre le emissioni di CO2 .
Vanno chiariti due aspetti .
Innanzitutto a chi come la presidente di Confindustria , Emma Marcegaglia , ( sul Sole 24 Ore del 10 luglio ) , saluta il ritorno all ’atomo elettrico come a una “ opzione importante anche per raggiungere gli obiettivi di Kyoto ” , va ricordato che il Protocollo di Kyoto , stabilisce che l’Italia nel periodo 2008 - 2012 riduca le proprie emissioni di CO2 in atmosfera nella misura del 6,5 % rispetto ai livelli riscontrati nel 1990 .
La posa della prima pietra della prima centrale nucleare italiana si svolgerà , secondo gli obiettivi di Scajola , nel 2013 ( quando Kyoto sarà scaduto ) , pertanto di quale Kyoto si sta parlando ?
Secondariamente , è falso affermare che questo tipo di centrali non produca CO2 .
Costruire un centrale nucleare comporta il consumo di una quantità talmente elevata di energia che occorrono anni di generazione di corrente per compensarla .
Si aggiunga il fatto che l’estrazione e l’arricchimento dell ’ uranio sono attività complesse ed energivore .
A conti fatti gli esperti valutano che ogni kWh nucleare emetta una cifra variabile dai 96 ai 134 grammi di CO2 ( Oxford Research Group ) .
Se davvero si vogliono ridurre le emissioni di gas serra vi sono altre strade : innanzitutto il risparmio energetico , universalmente riconosciuto come lo strumento più efficace .
Secondariamente le fonti rinnovabili , che eccetto che per il fotovoltaico , già oggi costano meno del nucleare , sono disponibili da subito ( una pala eolica non richiede dieci anni per entrare in funzione ) , non creano rifiuti tossici e depositi che costano milioni di euro .
Rinascimento industriale
Enel ha dichiarato nei giorni scorsi che ognuno dei quattro cantieri previsti impiegherà 2.500 persone per cinque anni ed in seguito in ogni centrale lavoreranno 500 persone , ovvero 2 mila nuovi posti di lavoro dal 2018 in avanti .
Per fare un confronto , l’università Bocconi stima che le politiche energetiche del pacchetto europeo Clima – Energia entro il 2020 potranno garantire un’opportunità di business e sviluppo occupazionale notevole .
Il valore degli investimenti è stimato in 100 miliardi di euro nei prossimi dodici anni a fronte di un potenziale occupazionale di 250 mila unità lavorative nel 2020 .
Duecentocinquantamila posti di lavoro che però potrebbero essere creati all ’estero , avverte lo studio della Bocconi , se il sistema produttivo italiano non sarà in grado di sfruttare l’occasione .
Peccato che il governo guardi indietro al nucleare piuttosto che guardare avanti verso la cosiddetta green revolution .
Infine , un cenno alla competenza italiana nel campo nucleare .
La stampa sottolinea che siamo pronti a partire , l ’Ad di Enel Fulvio Conti ovviamente non ha dubbi al riguardo .
Si ripete che Enel ha centrali atomiche in Spagna e Slovacchia , ma va detto che sono tipologie di centrali diverse dagli EPR che si costruiranno in Italia ( tecnologia statunitense in Spagna e sovietica in Slovacchia ) , e che il personale appartiene a Slovenske Elektrarne e ad Endesa ( società di cui Enel possiede la maggioranza azionaria ) , che certo non si trasferirà mai in Italia .
In Francia , a Flamaville , dove si sta costruendo uno dei due EPR oggi in costruzione , l’Enel ( partner con una quota del 12,5 % ) parla di significativa presenza di personale italiano nel cantiere , in realtà il contratto prevede la presenza di 65 persone , ora siamo a 50 e di queste 50 solo 5 sono effettivamente attive ( vedi anche intervista a Philippe Leigne , ingegnere EDF su Handelsblatt , giornale tedesco , 8 luglio 2009 ) .
Non sono un po ’ poche 5 persone in un cantiere di più di due mila unità ?
Soprattutto per pensare di poter tirare le file di quattro nuovi cantieri analoghi in Italia ?
Quanto costa un reattore EPR ?
L’esempio finlandese
In origine , la centrale finlandese di Olkiluoto 3 ( OL3 ) , doveva essere pronta per quest ’anno ed incarnava il simbolo del rinascimento nucleare .
OL3 è un reattore dello stesso tipo che verrà costruito in Italia da Enel ed EDF in quattro esemplari .
Per questo è utile osservare come sta procedendo la sua costruzione .
L’opera ha sinora maturato tre anni di ritardo ed ora si spera di concluderla entro la fine del 2012 .
Ma non sarà facile perchè nel frattempo la società costruttrice , Areva ( consorziata con Siemens ) è ai ferri corti col committente finlandese ( TVO ) .
Il contratto iniziale prevedeva infatti un costo fisso per l’opera , gli sforamenti sarebbero stati a carico del costruttore .
Areva ovviamente oggi non gradisce la cosa e sostiene che i ritardi e i conseguenti aumenti di spesa sono stati causati da TVO .
Il 31 agosto 2009 , Anne Lauvergeon , amministratore delegato di Areva , nel presentare i conti della società , ha annunciato che il costo dell ’impianto ha raggiunto la cifra di 5,3 miliardi di euro ( +75 % rispetto ai 3 miliardi preventivati ) ammettendo che non è possibile determinare il costo finale dell ’impianto finlandese ( vedi Financial Times 1 settembre 2009 ) .
10 domande / risposte
1. Gli impianti atomici di terza generazione sono più sicuri dei precedenti ?
I reattori nucleari di III generazione , sviluppati negli anni ’ 90 , rappresentano l’evoluzione della II generazione sviluppata negli anni 1960 - 70 , la fisica del reattore e’ immutata , sono stati invece migliorati tutti i dispositivi tecnologici di contorno .
Sul fronte sicurezza , la terza generazione si distingue dalla precedente perchè ’ i sistemi di sicurezza sono ridondanti o sono di tipo “ passivo ” .
I reattori di tipo EPR ( European Pressurized Reactor ) sono di tipo ridondante ovvero se ad esempio esiste un sistema di pompe per far circolare l’acqua per il raffreddamento , tale sistema è quadruplicato in modo che ve ne sono altri tre di scorta in caso di guasto .
I sistemi passivi ( come l’AP 1000 ( Advanced Passive ) di Werstinghouse ) sono invece quelli che , facendo affidamento su circolazione naturale , gravità , convezione e gas compressi , fanno sì che il reattore sia in grado di auto - arrestarsi in caso di necessità e di assicurare la refrigerazione anche in assenza di alimentazione elettrica e di operatori umani .
E’ indubbio che i reattori di III generazione siano migliori dei precedenti , così come una nuova auto è generalmente più sicura del vecchio modello rottamato , ma il rischio di incidenti permane .
Riguardo agli EPR va segnalato che il giornale inglese “ The Independent ” sostiene che in caso di incidente morirebbero il doppio delle persone rispetto ad un vecchio reattore poiché la quantità di materiali radioattivi presenti nei reattori e’ maggiore .
I documenti redatti da EDF ( L’Enel francese ) , dicono che le quantità di Bromo , Rubidio , Iodio e Cesio radioattivi saranno 4 volte superiori rispetto ad un reattore normale .
Stime indipendenti di Posiva
Oy ( che smaltisce scorie nucleari finlandesi ) dicono che lo Iodio 129 sarebbe 7 volte tanto , la NAGRA ( Swiss National Co-operative for the Disposal of Radioactive Waste ) dice che il Cesio 135 e 137 prodotto sarebbe 11 volte tanto .
2 . Un terribile incidente come quello di Cernobyl oggi potrebbe ripetersi ?
Ovviamente è difficile che accada un incidente simile ma è statisticamente impossibile escludere la possibilità di un incidente grave in una centrale .
In base al numero attuale di reattori in circolazione gli scienziati stimano la probabilità di un incidente catastrofico ogni 200 anni ( Aspoitalia ) .
Ininterrotto è invece lo stillicidio di “ piccoli ” incidenti : nel 2008 vi sono stati 4 incidenti nelle centrali spagnole ( oggi acquisite da Enel ) e nel solo mese di luglio sono tre i casi segnalati in Francia ( Tricastin e Romans - sur - Isère ) .
Pensiamo a luoghi fortemente urbanizzati come la Pianura Padana …
3 . Le centrali EPR destinate all ’Italia garantiranno un risparmio sulle bollette dei cittadini ?
No .
Qualcuno ha rilevato sconti sulla propria bolletta dopo l’avvio della riconvertita centrale di Torre Valdaliga Nord ?
La riconversione di questa grande centrale da petrolio a carbone , definito “ pulito ” , inaugurata il 30 luglio 2008 da Scajola in persona , era stata giustificata dall ’Enel proprio per ridurre le tariffe elettriche , essendo il carbone meno costoso di metano e petrolio ( anche se più inquinante ) .
La verità è che le aziende elettriche sono società per azioni , votate alla generazione di profitti , e i profitti non si fanno abbassando le tariffe e promuovendo il risparmio .
Anche la borsa elettrica , creata pochi anni fa con la liberalizzazione del mercato , doveva far abbassare i prezzi , ma è accaduto il contrario .
Purtroppo
“ Il prezzo è fatto dal mercato e non dalla tecnologia produttiva ” ( Il Sole24 Ore 2/8/2009 ) .
4 . La creazione dei quattro reattori ci affrancherà del tutto dalle importazioni di greggio ?
E’ falso sostenere , come ha fatto il governo italiano , che il nucleare costituisca una soluzione al problema dell ’ aumento del costo del petrolio .
Vale la pena sottolineare che in Italia la generazione elettrica non utilizza il petrolio come fonte principale : nel 2008 i prodotti petroliferi hanno concorso alla produzione di energia elettrica con una quota del 6,8 % , è il gas metano a coprire il 66 % della produzione termoelettrica .
5. Esistono rischi per gli abitanti che vivono nelle aree dove sorgeranno le centrali ?
Sì per il banalissimo motivo che non esiste la certezza matematica che in una centrale nucleare non succedano incidenti .
Gli ingegneri nucleari sanno benissimo che non si progetta nulla a rischio zero , si tende alla massima riduzione possibile .
Ma i rischi rimangono .
6 . Le scorie prodotte potranno essere smaltite in maniera definitiva ?
Le scorie , per utilizzare le parole di Giuseppe Zampini , amministratore di Ansaldo Energia ( che controlla Ansaldo nucleare ) : “ sono il problema , uno dei punti su cui siamo caduti , sappiamo gestire le centrali ma in Italia non sappiamo dove mettere le scorie ” .
Attualmente ( dati ISPRA – Istituto Superiore per la Protezione e la Ricerca Ambientale ) abbiamo circa 60 mila metri cubi di rifiuti radioattivi ( in parte stoccati all ’estero ma destinati a rientrare in Italia ) e 235 tonnellate di combustibile irraggiato per cui dobbiamo trovare un sito sicuro .
Iniziamo a smaltire queste prima di produrne altre !
7. Esiste un sistema sicuro per rendere innocui plutonio e prodotti di fissione ?
Non esistono oggi soluzioni concrete al problema dei rifiuti radioattivi .
Le circa 250 mila tonnellate di rifiuti altamente radioattivi prodotti finora nel mondo sono tutte in attesa di essere conferite in siti di smaltimento definitivi .
L’unico deposito di profondità esistente , si trova negli USA ma ospita solo rifiuti militari e non quelli dei reattori civili .
Riguardo al plutonio , risultano particolarmente vulnerabili gli impianti di riprocessamento dove vengono riciclate le barre di combustibile esauste estraendo il plutonio generato e l’uranio non consumato .
Durante il processo sono possibili sottrazioni di materiale perché e’ impossibile un controllo rigoroso fra materiale in entrata e in uscita nell ’impianto .
Quando nel 1996 il Dipartimento per l’energia statunitense compilò il noto “ 50° Years Report ” ( 1 ) , scopr ì che non quadravano i conti fra entrare ed uscite di plutonio nei vari impianti .
Da quello di Los Alamos risultavano spariti 765Kg , l’equivalente di 150 bombe nucleari ! ( 2 ) .
Il rischio trafugamenti non diminuirà in futuro , anzi aumenterà perché i nuovi EPR sono progettati per funzionare non solo con l’usuale uranio arricchito ma con il MOX ( un mix di ossidi di uranio e plutonio ) , ottenuto proprio con gli impianti di riprocessamento .
Pertanto il “ nuovo nucleare ” sotto questo aspetto risulta più pericoloso rispetto al “ vecchio ” ( 3 ) .
Dal 1995 l’Agenzia tiene nota di tutti gli incidenti che coinvolgono la sottrazione illecita , la detenzione e l’uso di materiale nucleare ( 4 ) .
Al 31 dicembre 2006 la lista prodotta contava ben 1.080 casi , Il 54 % di origine criminale .
8 . Le future centrali di quarta generazione “ ricicleranno ” il plutonio ?
La quarta generazione e’ un mito , e ’ il sogno di una tecnologia nucleare che non abbia i problemi del nucleare !
Attualmente esiste un comitato internazionale formato da dieci paesi che lavora su sei tecnologie di reattori , ( www.gen4.org) comunemente identificato col termine quarta generazione : reattori veloci raffreddati a gas , reattori veloci raffreddati al piombo , reattori a sale fuso , reattori veloci raffreddati al sodio , reattori supercritici raffreddati ad acqua , reattori a gas ad altissima temperatura .
Quali fra questi vedrà un giorno la luce e’ troppo presto per dirlo e qualsiasi previsione e’ puro esercizio di fantasia .
9. Nazioni come Francia e Svezia possono rappresentare dei modelli per il nostro Paese ?
Ogni paese deve cercare il proprio modello di produzione di energia elettrica basandosi sulle proprie caratteristiche peculiari .
La Svezia non ha il nostro clima per cui sarebbe un modello sbagliato , la Francia ha scelto il nucleare per diverse ragioni , non escluso il fatto di avere un arsenale nucleare militare : il nucleare civile è integrato a quello militare poiché le tecnologie sono le stesse .
Certo guardare oltre confine non fa mai male , ma perchè non guardare allora alla Spagna , alla Germania o al Portogallo ?
Un paese , come l’Italia , povero di risorse energetiche primarie e dipendente dalle importazioni dall ’estero .
Ebbene il Portogallo sta diventando un leader mondiale nelle fonti alternative ( Vedi Financial Times 28 febbraio 2009 ) , ed entro il 2020 prevede di produrre il 60 % dell ’energia elettrica da fonti alternative !
Quanti posti di lavoro pulito e diffuso si creerebbero in Italia potenziando le tecnologie solari ?
10 . L’installazione dei reattori creerà una maggiore produzione di energia elettrica ?
E’ ovvio che quattro centrali in più , alimentate con qualsiasi fonte , potrebbero aumentare la quantità di energia elettrica producibile .
Ma un sistema elettrico e’ complesso : aumentare il numero di centrali non significa aumentare la produzione di energia elettrica .
L’energia elettrica non è facilmente accumulabile , se ne produce in misura eguale alla domanda , non di più ; il 31 dicembre 2008 in Italia avevamo centrali installate per una potenza complessiva di 98.625 MW , una cifra molto superiore alle nostre necessità ( la potenza massima richiesta lo scorso anno è stata di 55.292 MW – Terna – Rete Elettrica Nazionale ) .
Certo , la potenza massima non e’ mai disponibile interamente , a causa dei cicli di manutenzione , ma deve essere chiaro che già oggi in Italia abbiamo impianti sufficienti , importiamo energia perchè i francesi la esportano a basso costo per il semplice fatto che un reattore nucleare non ha una produzione modulabile : quando parte non lo si spegne fino a che il combustibile non si esaurisce , per cui se l’energia prodotta non viene usata la si deve disperdere , a quel punto tanto vale venderla a basso prezzo .
Inciso : in Italia siamo anche esportatori di corrente , nel 2008 abbiamo esportato 3.398 milioni di Kwh ( Terna ) .
Comitato antinucleare – Unaltralombardia – Beati i costruttori di pace – LOC
Approndimenti :
Per contatti scrivere a : roberto@beati.org
1 ) Il nome deriva dal fatto che il Report conteneva I dati dei primi cinquant ’anni di produzione del plutonio negli USA .
2 ) Vedi Arjun Makhinjani , Dangerous Discrepancies , Missing plutonium in the US nuclear Weapons Complez ? , Science for democratic Action , agosto 2006 .
3 ) Vedi anche Secure energy : options for a safer world SECURITY AND NUCLEAR POWER , OxfordResearchGroup .
4 ) Tutti I dati di questa sezione sono tratti da : COMBATING ILLICIT TRAFFICKING IN NUCLEAR AND OTHER RADIOACTIVE MATERIAL REFERENCE MANUAL , INTERNATIONAL ATOMIC ENERGY AGENCY VIENNA , 2007 , http://www.pub.iaea.org/MTCD/publications/PDF/pub1309_web.pdf.
Scarica articolo in PDF ( 91Kb )
Mi piace : Mi piace Caricamento ...
About a year back I posted a field guide of recursion schemes on this blog and then lost it a few months later when I lost a couple of months of blog entries to a crash .
I recently recovered the table of recursion schemes from the original post thanks to Google Reader 's long memory and the help of Jeff Cutsinger .
The following recursion schemes can be found in category - extras , along with variations on the underlying themes , so this should work as a punch - list .
Folds Scheme Code Description catamorphism † Cata tears down a structure level by level paramorphism *†
Para tears down a structure with primitive recursion zygomorphism * †
Zygo tears down a structure with the aid of a helper function histomorphism †
Histo tears down a structure with the aid of the previous answers it has given .
prepromorphism *†
Prepro tears down a structure after repeatedly applying a natural transformation Unfolds Scheme Code Description anamorphism †
Ana builds up a structure level by level apomorphism * †
Apo builds up a structure opting to return a single level or an entire branch at each point futumorphism †
Futu builds up a structure multiple levels at a time postpromorphism *†
Postpro builds up a structure and repeatedly transforms it with a natural transformation Refolds Scheme Code Description hylomorphism †
Hylo builds up and tears down a virtual structure chronomorphism †
Chrono builds up a virtual structure with a futumorphism and tears it down
with a histomorphism synchromorphism Synchro a high level transformation between data structures using a third data structure to queue intermediate results exomorphism
Exo a high level transformation between data structures from a trialgebra to a bialgebraga metamorphism Erwig a hylomorphism expressed in terms of bialgebras metamorphism Gibbons A fold followed by an unfold ; change of representation dynamorphism †
Dyna builds up a virtual structure with an anamorphism and tears it down with a histomorphism Elgot algebra Elgot builds up a structure and tears it down but may shortcircuit the process during construction Elgot coalgebra Elgot builds up a structure and tears it down but may shortcircuit the process during deconstruction
* This gives rise to a family of related recursion schemes , modeled in category - extras with distributive law combinators
† The scheme can be generalized to accept one or more F - distributive ( co ) monads .
British lawmakers and pro-Palestinian activists have pilloried the governing Labour Party for entertaining Israeli War Minister Ehud Barak at their annual conference instead of calling for his arrest for war crimes committed against the Palestinians .
A demonstration was held to protest against Barak 's presence in the British coastal resort of Brighton on September 29 .
The protestors said he should be held accountable for the 22 - day Israeli onslaught against the 1.5 million Palestinians living in the blockaded Gaza Strip , which killed over 1,400 , including more than 900 civilians , between December 2008 and January 2009 .
Nine Labour
MPs participated in the protest near the party 's conference venue , which was organized by the Palestine Solidarity Campaign ( PSC ) .
PSC General Secretary Betty Hunter said that it was a disgrace for Britain to engage and hold meetings with Ehud Barak , who has been accused of war crimes .
" As a High Contracting Party to the Geneva Convention , the British government should be arresting Barak for war crimes , not treating him to dinner , " she insisted .
Barak was due to attend a fringe meeting of the governing Labour Party 's annual conference in Brighton , on England 's south coast , before meeting with Foreign Secretary David Miliband on September 30 , who said he was pleased to meet the Israeli war minister .
In London , meanwhile , lawyer Tayab Ali said an application was lodged by lawyers at the City of Westminster Magistrates '
Court for an arrest warrant to be issued for Barak on grounds of war crimes in connection with the Gaza offensive , but the petition was rejected on grounds of diplomatic immunity .
A UN fact - finding mission headed by Richard Goldstone , a South African judge , investigated the Israeli blitz against Gaza and concluded that civilians had been targeted deliberately during the conflict and called for legal action against those responsible .
NAIROBI ( Reuters ) - Kenya said on Wednesday it would plant 7.6 billion trees over the next 20 years to redress decades of chopping down forest cover , the effect of which is now being felt in acute water and power shortages .
Just 3 percent of land in the agriculture - based east African economy is covered by forests that are protected by the authorities , compared with a government target of 10 percent .
“ We will have to plant 4.1 million hectares in order to make a percentage that is internationally acceptable , ” Environment Minister John Michuki told reporters .
“ You are talking about 7.6 billion trees , ” he said .
“ In my estimation , it is going to cost us $ 20 billion over 20 years . ”
That amount is nearly twice the government ’s annual spending , which will be about $ 11 billion in fiscal 2009 / 10 .
By comparison , the authorities in Nairobi expect to spend just over $ 650 million this year on the country ’s crumbling roads , and around $ 400 million on energy projects .
The impact of forest destruction is being felt by Kenyans , with rivers drying up and hydro- electric power generation , farm production and tourism all suffering as a result .
Kenya ’s biggest forest , the Mau , has lost a quarter of its 400,000 hectares in recent years to unchecked human settlement , illegal logging and the burning of charcoal .
A report released by Prime Minister Raila Odinga last month showed that politicians had been allocated large parcels of Mau land by corrupt officials , mostly during the 1990s .
Michuki was speaking at the launch of a solar - charged mobile phone handset costing just 2,999 shilling ( $ 39 ) by Safaricom , the nation ’s leading mobile operator .
There are some 18 million active SIM cards in Kenya .
But only about 18 percent of its 36 million people have electricity in their homes .
Mobile users in rural areas not linked to the national grid often have problems charging their phones .
( Reporting by Helen Nyambura - Mwaura ; Editing by Daniel Wallis )
The Glute - Ham Raise is one of my favorite exercises .
And yet , whenever I do it in the gym , people stare at me like I just let one rip .
Little do they know , that the GHR is my secret weapon when it comes to :
Developing brutally strong hamstrings and glutes
Strengthening my core
Building my calves & spinal erectors
Improving the functional strength , mobility & flexibility of your entire posterior chain ( lower back , glutes , hamstrings and calves )
And bulletproofing my hammies against pulls , sprains and tears .
Plus , to be honest , I kinda like freaking out my fellow gym members .
So , if you are the kind of person who enjoys strong , shapely , injury free hams & glutes , check out this Squidoo Lens about the Glute - Ham Raise .
.
If you like what you see here , click here for updates or Share this Post with the rest of the world .
.
Related Posts
( CNN ) -- Mary Travers of 1960s folk trio Peter , Paul and Mary , has died , according to her publicist .
She was 72 .
Mary Travers performs at the 2004 Democratic Convention in Boston , Massachusetts .
Travers died from side effects of treatment from a bone - marrow transplant after battling leukemia , publicist Heather Lylis said .
The singer was born in Louisville , Kentucky , in November 1936 and grew up in New York 's Greenwich Village .
As a teenager , she performed in a Broadway review , but stepped on to the folk music scene in the 1950s .
She emerged as an iconic folk singer while performing with Peter Yarrow and Noel Paul Stookey .
Peter , Paul and Mary came together while singing " Mary Had a Little Lamb " in Stookey 's New York City apartment .
They went on to play gigs at coffee houses and later on the radio .
" As a performer , her charisma was a barely contained nervous energy -- occasionally ( and then only privately ) revealed as stage fright , " Stookey said .
Their music reflected the 1960s and the 1970s , a time of turmoil as the civil rights and anti-war movements moved into full swing .
Travers applied her recognition to rally behind those progressive movements .
In 1963 , the trio performed its hit song " If I Had a Hammer " at the Washington march where Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. delivered his famed " I Have a Dream Speech , " her publicist said .
" We 've learned that it will take more than one generation to bring about change , " Travers once said .
" The fight for civil rights has developed into a broader concern for human rights , and that encompasses a great many people and countries .
Those of us who live in a democracy have a responsibility to be the voice for those whose voices are stilled . "
Travers advocated against U.S. government moves in Central America in the 1980s .
She went on a mission to El Salvador and later spoke out against the country 's regime .
She also opposed American funding of a militant group in Nicaragua set on overthrowing an elected government there , according to her publicist .
Peter , Paul and Mary recorded hits still recognized now , including " Leaving on a Jet Plane , " " Puff the Magic Dragon " and " Where Have All the Flowers Gone . "
They performed together for nearly 50 years , winning five Grammys and releasing 13 Top 40 hits , six of them in the Top 10 charts .
Their debut album , " Peter , Paul and Mary " was on the Top 10 chart for 10 months .
Travers also recorded four solo albums in the 1970s .
" Her talent was huge ... Mary was the difference maker , " said Joe Smith , former head of Warner Brothers Records .
" Super bright , super talented , and a pleasure to know and work with . "
Their last performance was in New Brunswick , New Jersey , on May 20 .
Those closest to Travers say she valued her friendships .
" Perhaps the most remarkable aspect of my relationship with Mary Travers over the last almost 50 years is how open and honest we were with each other , and I include Noel Paul Stookey in this equation , " Yarrow said in a statement .
" Such honesty comes with a price , but when you get past the hurt and shock of realizing that you 're faulted and frequently wrong , you also realize that you are really loved and respected for who you are , and you become a better person . "
She is survived by her husband , Ethan Robbins ; her daughters Alicia and Erika ; her sister , Ann Gordon ; and her granddaughters Wylie and Virginia .
All About Folk Music
The name for Vegemite 's new product is being branded a spectacular failure by many , but a marketing expert thinks it is part of a clever strategy .
Western Australian web designer Dean Robbins coined iSnack 2.0 for the new creamier version of Vegemite .
The 27 - year - old father 's idea was picked from almost 50,000 submissions in a three - month nationwide competition .
Mr Robbins says he was going for a take on mobile phone and computer technology , and even though Kraft gobbled it up , it is not going down well with many Australians .
Bloggers and tweeps are uniting in hatred for the new name , with the topic #vegefail hitting number seven in Twitter trending when it was announced on Saturday .
And they are still bemoaning the choice today .
" iSnack 2.0 ?
Attn : Kraft ... what were you thinking !?!?
Not a happy little iSnack ... I mean Vegemite , " Miss___Megan tweeted .
" What will happen to iSnack2.0 when the " i " in front of every word goes out of fashion ? ? , " jasongray tweeted .
Some Facebook groups have even popped up too , including " Boycott iSnack 2.0 !!! " .
Suggestions for a better name include " spreadgemite " , " iSuck 2.0 " , " Betamaximite " and " literally anything " .
But tweep BettyBrowne suspects this may all be a clever ploy .
" Laughing about iSnack 2.0 .... dumbest name ever .
In fact so dumb you have to wonder if it 's deliberate , everyone 's talking . "
Marketing expert Kenneth Miller agrees .
He says the new name is getting people so worked up that even if the name is a dud , this is a win-win situation for Kraft .
" It 's good PR , they 've got the people talking and how often do people talk about a new snack ? " he told ABC News Online .
" It could be a fad product anyway and they might not necessarily be serious but it will generate interest .
" At least people will try it and that 's the idea ... it 's getting people talking . "
Professor Miller , from the University of Technology Sydney , says the name may be perceived as " weird " and " irrelevant " , and could be scrapped if it does not take off .
" It could be relaunched at some point and renamed , " he said .
" But if the product lives up to the hype , they 've got it . "
Professor Miller does not see the idea as such a bad thing .
" It may not have been a brand name I 'd pick , but I do n't mind it frankly .
Some of these other snack stuff get boring names , " he said .
" It might just breathe some life into an old brand .
It 's certainly not going to cannibalise the traditional Vegemite user .
It wo n't damage the parent brand and the downside is low . "
A competition also decided the name of the traditional Vegemite spread more than 85 years ago .
This post introduces Alias , a gem for configuring and managing aliases .
Whether you need to alias a method , class , constant or a string of Ruby code , your fingers will thank you .
Motivation
If you ’re like me , when you type something enough times , you tend to alias it .
Sure , completion exists in your ruby shell but it does n’t consistently give you fewer keystrokes than an alias .
Take for example some aliases I have in my .irbrc for Rails :
AB = ActiveRecord : : Base class ActiveRecord :: Base ; class << self ; alias_method :[ ] , : find ; end ; end class ActiveRecord :: Base ; alias_method :ua , :update_attribute ; end
With these aliases , finding and updating on models are down to 2 - 3 keystrokes for the method .
Naturally , for each of these aliases I made sure that I was n’t overriding existing constants and methods .
Note that each of the above aliases are different alias types i.e. a constant alias , class method alias and instance method alias .
So if you end up aliasing more than a couple of times , the above code and checking for conflicts tends to get old and repetitive .
Would n’t it just be easier to have a config file from which to read and create aliases ?
This is what Alias does !
Simply create aliases in irb , save them and configure your irb to load your created aliases next time around .
Install
To install Alias :
gem install alias
Using Alias
The Basics
To see Alias in action , let ’s start by creating the above Rails aliases :
bash > script / console >> require ' alias ' => true #
Import alias methods >> extend Alias :: Console => main #
First let 's see what ruby code Alias generates to create an alias . >> create_aliases :class_method , {" ActiveRecord : : Base " =>{' find '= > ' [ ] ' }} , : pretend= > true class :: ActiveRecord : : Base ; class << self ; alias_method :[ ] , : find ; end ; end => true #
Create the above class method alias >> create_aliases :class_method , " ActiveRecord : : Base " =>{' find '= > ' [ ] '} => true #
Create the above constant alias >> create_aliases : constant , " ActiveRecord : : Base " => " AB " => true # Verify that it worked >> AB => ActiveRecord :: Base #
If we try to create the constant alias again , Alias prevents us and warns us >> create_aliases : constant , " ActiveRecord : : Base " =>" AB " Constant ' AB ' not created since it already exists => false #
We can force Alias to override a method , class or constant that already exists >> create_aliases : constant , {" ActiveRecord : : Base " =>" AB " } , : force= > true => true # Create the above instance method alias >> create_aliases :instance_method , " ActiveRecord : : Base " =>{" update_attribute " = >' ua'} => true #
By default aliases are saved to config / alias.yml in rails or ~/.alias.yml if not . >> save_aliases Saved created aliases to config/alias.yml . => true
As you can see , create_aliases ( ) takes an alias type and a hash of aliases .
Note that each alias type has its own format for interpreting the hash .
Now to see what Alias saved in config / alias.yml :
:aliases : : constant : ActiveRecord : : Base : AB :instance_method : ActiveRecord : : Base : update_attribute : ua : class_method : ActiveRecord : : Base : find : " [ ] "
Since Alias is all about typing less , why not alias away it ’s primary commands for future use ? :
# You can pass the first few unique letters of an alias type and Alias will pick the right type # : in => :instance_method >> create_aliases : in , " Alias : : Console " =>{" save_aliases " => " sa " , " create_aliases " = >" ca" } => true #
Saving these aliases naturally adds to the ones already saved >> sa Saved created aliases to config/alias.yml . => true
Update :
It ’s important to point out that you do n’t have to create aliases from the console .
You can always open up an Alias config file and just edit it directly .
However , those changes wo n’t instantly effect your current console .
You ’d have to restart or call Alias.create ( ) within the console .
Delegating with Alias
Alias ’ code generation ability extends beyond just creating aliases .
With the alias type :any_to_instance_method , Alias can delegate an instance method to call any string of ruby code which ends with a method call .
Ch - what ?
Take for example two handy methods for interacting with your Rails ’ routes : ActionController :: Routing::Routes.generate and ActionController :: Routing::Routes.recognize_path .
Sure , we could type that all out each time we want to use it in irb .
Or we could just configure Alias to create these aliases :
# Create a module which will hold our aliases >> module RouteCommands ; end => nil # : any is a shortcut for :any_to_instance_method #
Let 's see what Alias generates for these aliases : >> ca :any , {" RouteCommands " = >{" ActionController : : Routing ::Routes.generate " =>" generate " , " ActionController : : Routing : : Routes.recognize_path " =>" recognize_path " }} , : pretend= > true module :: RouteCommands ; def recognize_path ( * args , & block ) ; ActionController :: Routing ::Routes.recognize_path(*args , &block ) ; end ; end module :: RouteCommands ; def generate ( * args , & block ) ; ActionController :: Routing ::Routes.generate(*args , &block ) ; end ; end => true #
Looks good , let 's create them >> ca : any , " RouteCommands " = >{" ActionController : : Routing ::Routes.generate " =>" generate " , " ActionController : : Routing : : Routes.recognize_path " =>" recognize_path " } => true #
Import the aliases / commands we 've created >> extend RouteCommands => main #
Save these aliases >> sa Saved created aliases to config/alias.yml. => true #
Play with your new commands : generate and recognize_path >> generate : controller= >" tags " => " / tags "
Alias in Your Irbrc
To setup your script / console to load the aliases we ’ve created , drop this at the end of your config / environment.rb ( or .irbrc outside of Rails ) :
# Ensures the code is called only by script / console if $ 0 == ' irb ' #
For the route commands .
Should exist before we start aliasing to it .
module :: RouteCommands ; end extend :: RouteCommands require ' alias ' # create the aliases Alias .
create end
Next time you start up script / console , the above aliases are automatically created !
Searching Aliases
Since created aliases are stored as arrays of hashes , it ’s quite easy to search them :
# Using Hirb 's tables for special effects .
Not an Alias dependency . >> require ' hirb ' ; extend Hirb :: Console => main # List all the aliases and pipe them through Hirb's table ( ) for formatting . >> table search_aliases , : fields= >[ : name , : alias , : class , : type , :any_method ]
+--------------------+----------------+--------------------+------------------------+--------------------------------------------------+
| name | alias | class | type | any_method |
+--------------------+----------------+--------------------+------------------------+--------------------------------------------------+ | find | [ ] | ActiveRecord :: Base | class_method | | | ActiveRecord : : Base | AB | | constant | | | update_attribute | ua | ActiveRecord : : Base | instance_method | | | create_aliases | ca | Alias :: Console | instance_method | | | save_aliases | sa | Alias :: Console | instance_method | | | | recognize_path | RouteCommands | any_to_instance_method | ActionController : : Routing ::Routes.recognize_path | | | generate | RouteCommands | any_to_instance_method | ActionController : : Routing::Routes.generate | +--------------------+----------------+--------------------+------------------------+--------------------------------------------------+
7 rows in set => true #
We can search the aliases by a particular alias field with a search hash >> table search_aliases : class= >' Alias : :' +-------+----------------+----------------+-----------------+
| alias | class | name | type |
+-------+----------------+----------------+-----------------+ | ca | Alias :: Console | create_aliases | instance_method | | sa | Alias :: Console | save_aliases | instance_method | +-------+----------------+----------------+-----------------+
2 rows in set => true
Create Your Own Alias Types
So what if you did n’t like the above formats for creating aliases or perhaps have your own clever alias type ?
No prob .
It ’s easy to create your own alias type with an Alias : : Creator subclass .
For example , here ’s all 10 lines needed to create constant aliases :
class Alias :: Creators : : ConstantCreator < Alias : : Creator map { | config | config .
map { | k , v | { : name => k , : alias => v }} } valid : alias , :unless => : constant , :optional => true valid : name , : if => : constant generate do | aliases | aliases .
map { | e | " : : #{ e [ : alias ] } = :: #{ e [ : name ] } " } . join ( "
" ) end end
As you can see Alias : : Creator provides three methods for creating an alias type :
map ( ) :
Maps the hash from a config file or console input into an array of alias hashes .
: Maps the hash from a config file or console input into an array of alias hashes .
valid( ) :
Defines a validation that each alias hash must pass .
: Defines a validation that each alias hash must pass .
generate ( ) :
Given the array of alias hashes , generates the string of ruby code to be evaled for alias creation .
Of the above example , the only thing I think may be unclear are the valid ( ) calls .
Let ’s recall the hash we used above for creating constants : {" ActiveRecord : : Base " =>" AB " } .
ActiveRecord :: Base is the : name key and is valid : if it ’s a constant .
AB is the : alias key and should be valid : unless it ’s already a constant .
Having understood how a creator works , you can make your own now by subclassing Alias : : Creator and putting it in the Alias : : Creators namespace .
Finito
As you ’ve seen , Alias is a handy tool for creating , managing and searching aliases .
Although I ’ve shown it mostly in the context of Rails , it ’s just as useful in irb or any Ruby console program that wants to provide aliasing .
For more about Alias , hit up the homepage , the docs or my config files .
No Pass ?
No Kids .
You need a license to drive a car .
You need a license to fish .
You need a license to breed dogs .
You need a license to own a gun .
Why is it that you do n’t need a license for the most important job in the world – the job of breeding children ?
Consider this oddity .
We have a monetary gift that our government hands out here in Australia called the Baby Bonus .
It is essentially a bribe that entices those with little money and few prospects to breed .
The bribe is paid as a lump sum of $ 4000 for each child born but there remains a larger problem : $ 4000 is n’t a magic wand that makes great parents .
$ 4000 does not cure prospective parents ’ drug addictions , criminal behavior , gambling problems or alcoholism either .
When this policy was introduced in 2004 there was evidence that hundreds of births were delayed , by the rescheduling of inducement and cesarean procedures , to ensure that the birth occurred after 1 July 2004 so that the parents were entitled to the Baby Bonus .
Since the beginning of the 2009 , the Baby Bonus has gone up to $ 5185 and due to some abuse it is now being paid in 13 installments , rather than as a lump sum .
13 . Unlucky for some but not for new mothers .
Why the installments ?
Because some parents were celebrating their windfall by visisting their dealer , the casino or the pub and not spending it on healthy food , educational items or nappies .
Having children is a basic right , but it is a right that needs to be earned .
Or we all suffer .
Introducing a license to have children rub many human rights groups the wrong way but you know what ?
It would also solve a number of serious problems :
– It will reduce the number of children being born .
Sorry , as a planet we ’re overpopulated .
How can we take on more inhabitants when our governments clearly cannot manage the numbers that are here already ?
Our world leaders simply do n’t have the wisdom required to manage an exploding global population .
I think a limit of three children per mother is pretty generous .
Even better , two .
How would parenting license or test be administered ?
God knows .
Not easily and with much resistance but it would be easier to create a complex testing system rather than curing the ongoing , serious problems that overpopulation and bad parenting causes .
These problems will only get more serious as time goes on .
Wisdom would suggest a test would include the following :
1 ) Test of overall wellbeing and mental health .
A carefully constructed questionnaire would potentially indicate if serious problems were present .
Not all problems would surface , but through effective cross-examination , some undoubtably would .
You can learn a lot through listening to people express their personal views .
Serious problems would include drug and alcohol addiction , violence , self harming , chronic gambling , animal abuse and strong prejudice leaning toward aggression .
2 ) Simple Question :
Why do you want to have children ?
Answers such as ‘ because they ’re cute ’ , ‘ I do n’t want to work ’ or , ‘ I ’m hoping it will fix my relationship with Bob ’ probably wo n’t see you having kids any time soon .
3 ) Criminal and Drug History .
Any recent ones of a serious nature ?
In a perfect world we should each be the ones to decide to have children or not , but living on this shambles of a planet , I truly believe many of us have lost the privilege to make this judgement ourselves .
I live opposite a park – my lounge room window faces this park and my window is tinted so no one can see in but we can see out .
About once a day a car or truck pulls up and the driver shoots up and then continues on their merry way .
Now this saddens me but two things really piss me off .
When they throw the syringe out the widow ( rare but makes me livid ) or , as I have seen on a few occasions , when they let their kids out to play in the park and the parents pull out a glass pipe and fire up some rocks or shoot up .
In these instances I feel sick and my fingers automatically go to my telephone and dial 000 .
Junkies with no respect for parenthood should not have kids and these poor kids should not have junkies for parents .
Sorry .
And there ’s hundreds of thousands of them .
Restricting parents from having children is n’t fair on the children some might say – do n’t punish the child for their parents ’ acts .
Well you know what ?
These children wo n’t actually care because they do n’t get to be born in the first place .
Either they get born with a half decent parent (s ) OR they do n’t get born at all .
The prospective parents test would be extensive but it would not be hard and you ’d have to be pretty obviously not ready if you fail .
This policy would be good for the individual , the child , the community and the planet .
That ’s another example of legislation that can be changed when demanded by one million people who are sick of the sorry state of this planet .
We can change the world if we want to but many of us are too busy wondering if we ’ve recorded our favorite brain - softening program that ’s on TV tonight .
Many of us are still sleeping as a race but we ARE rapidly waking up .
If you have n’t already read our mission , click here and join today .
by
The current recession , which just entered its 21st month and is the longest downturn since World War II , has caused many of us to reevaluate our personal finances .
Â
With unemployment rising and credit still hard to come by , saving money and cutting costs has become a priority for many families throughout the country .
While most of these cost cutting measures have n’t been too drastic ( i.e. not going out to eat as much , making fewer impulse purchases , etc. ) many of us have had to take things a little further .
One of the bigger “ discretionary ” expenses for families ( and individuals ) is the summer vacation .
Â
Whether it ’s driving to the beach or flying across country to visit family , when everything ’s said and done , a week long summer vacation can cost thousands of dollars .
Â
No matter your financial situation , this is a lot of money .
Whether or not a family is willing to cut or change their summer vacation in order to save some money is an interesting question .
Â
Here ’s how nearly 200 people responded when asked :
Have the current economic problems caused you to alter your summer vacation plans ?
38 % said No – I still went on previously planned vacations
24 % said Yes – I ’ve canceled all trips
19 % said Yes – But just slightly
14 % said No – I did not previously plan on going on vacation
5 % said Unsure
According to this data , slightly under half of us have altered our summer vacation plans due to the current economic downturn .
Â
This was actually a lot higher than I thought that it would be .
Â
After all , even in bad economic times , we all need to get away for some rest and relaxation !
This data certainly can’t be good news for resort towns , airlines and cruise ships , all of which make a significant amount of their annual revenues in the months between May and August .
Lately there has been a lot of data released which shows the economy may be on the verge of turning around or , at the very least , hitting a bottom and not getting any worse .
Â
If this is the case , the job market should begin to bottom in a couple months , too .
So , hopefully this points to lots of vacation plans for 2010 !
MTS Allstream and a group of small internet providers and businesses have launched a lobbying campaign against a CRTC decision they say will destroy competition and cause broadband prices to skyrocket .
The campaign is aimed at overturning a December 2008 decision by the Canadian Radio - Television and Telecommunications Commission that ruled that Bell and Telus do not have to offer smaller competitors access to their broadband ethernet infrastructure .
The CRTC justified the decision by ruling that the infrastructure of the two telecoms giants is not an " essential service , " so the CRTC could not force the companies to offer access .
" Canadian small and medium - size businesses pay the most expensive prices for high - speed broadband among all OECD countries , except for the Slovak Republic , and this CRTC decision would only make things worse , " said Chris Peirce , chief corporate officer at MTS , in a statement .
" It would re-open the door to re-monopolization of the kind of telecom services that are critical to the success and competitiveness of businesses across Canada .
Bell and Telus would be better off .
Everyone else will be a loser . "
Winnipeg - based MTS has joined with the Canadian Association of Internet Providers ( CAIP ) , which represents about 50 smaller ISPs , the Canadian Federation of Independent Businesses — which counts about 105,000 small and medium firms as members — and a dozen other companies in forming the Campaign for Competitive Broadband .
The group has launched a website , competitivebroadband.com , to rally public support for their cause .
Smaller internet providers have for years had regulated access to large phone companies ' networks because the CRTC has ruled that parts of this infrastructure is impractical or prohibitively expensive to build .
The networks were originally built when the companies were government - sanctioned monopolies , which meant they were effectively subsidized by taxpayers .
Smaller ISPs such as Eagle , Execulink and Teksavvy , have been allowed to rent portions of Bell and Telus networks to provide their own services as a means of boosting competition .
MTS has done the same , providing businesses with internet and phone services outside its home province of Manitoba .
New networks are expensive
Bell and Telus argue that rivals should n't get access to newer networks , which have been built through hundreds of millions of dollars of shareholder - backed capital expenditure .
" The coalition 's messaging is nothing more than a mélange of half truths , innuendo and outright fabrication aimed at undermining new billion - dollar investments in [ next - generation networks ] , " said Michael Hennesy , head of regulatory affairs at Telus .
" What these competitors want is access to our new investments below market rates even as we are spending more in each of Quebec and Ontario than MTS invested nationally this year .
Why build fiber networks if we have to provide them at less than commercial rates ? "
The coalition argues that access should continue despite the fact that Bell and Telus are no longer monopolies because they are still profiting off the advantage their older networks gave them .
" If the only way competitors can get access to customers is to build completely new and parallel networks , alongside the ones that our tax dollars helped Bell and Telus build , it 's completely unreasonable to expect this to happen , " the coalition 's website says .
Jacqueline Michelis , a spokesperson for Bell , said MTS is trying to confuse the issue .
" This is about high - capacity fibre networks to deliver services to large businesses .
Networks can be built by the competition , are being built and continue to be built .
MTS confuses a very important issue — no regulation does not mean no access . "
The coalition 's website enables visitors to identify their MP and send him or her a message about the issue by means of a form letter or their own personal text .
The campaign coincides with a petition to cabinet lodged by MTS earlier this year in regards to the CRTC decision .
MTS wants the decision overturned , and cabinet has until Dec. 11 to decide on a course of action .
It can agree with the company and overturn the decision , send the issue back to the CRTC for review or reject the petition .
All sides unhappy with CRTC
Bell and Telus are also petitioning cabinet on another similar decision that was issued very closely to the essential services ruling .
The companies were ordered to provide MTS , CAIP and other wholesale customers access to matching internet speeds at a reasonable rate .
If either company wants to offer download speeds of 50 megabits per second to their own customers , they must also allow MTS and others to offer the same speeds .
Both sides — Bell and Telus , and MTS — agree that the CRTC 's stance on this issue contradicts its position on broadband ethernet access for competitors .
MTS was successful the last time it launched a public lobbying campaign .
Two years ago , the company partnered with Quebec cable provider Vidéotron on the Coalition for Wireless Competition , a group that urged the government to adopt rules in an auction of cellphone airwaves that would benefit new entrants .
The government heeded the group 's advice and reserved a portion of the spectrum for new companies in an auction held last year .
MTS dropped its plans for a national cellphone network just before the auction began , when one of its partners backed out , but Vidéotron is planning on launching service in Quebec next year .
The CRTC has been under fire from all sides recently .
An online petition to dissolve the regulator and replace it with a new body started last month and has attracted more than 6,600 signatures .
The petition was started after the CRTC agreed to let Bell charge wholesale internet customers by their monthly bandwidth usage .
Map of Afghanistan and Herat province .
Over the past several years , US military officials have repeatedly pointed out that the Iranian regime provides assistance to the Taliban in Afghanistan .
In particular , US officials have noted that the Iranians have shipped arms , including anti-aircraft missiles , to the Taliban on numerous occasions .
For some , this cooperation is surprising .
After all , the Shiite Iranians and the Sunni Taliban were not allies in the pre-September 11 world .
In fact , they were bitter rivals , even enemies .
The US - led invasion of Afghanistan clearly changed the Iranians ’ priorities , however .
But did the Iranians begin their rapprochement with the Taliban only after September 11 ?
Or , had the groundwork for the type of cooperation we see in Afghanistan today already been laid ?
The answer to these questions can be found , in part , in the unclassified documents prepared by the US government for Gitmo detainee Khirullah Said Wali Khairkhwa ( ISN # 579 ) .
Khairkhwa is one of more than 200 detainees remaining at Gitmo .
His fate will ultimately be decided by the Obama administration ’s inter -agency review boards .
During Khairkhwa ’s time at Gitmo , US officials produced several memos for his combatant status review tribunal ( CSRT ) and administrative review board hearings ( ARB ) .
In addition , Khairkhwa testified at his CSRT and one of his ARB hearings .
The Defense Department ’s transcripts of Khairkhwa ’s testimony , as well as the memos produced by the government , can all be readily found online .
( See , for example , The New York Times ’ web site here . )
Links began well before September 11 attack
The story laid out in the government ’s memos and in Khairkhwa ’s own testimony reveals new details about the collusion between Iran and the Taliban .
Interestingly , this cooperation began even before the September 11 attacks .
The story begins in 1998 when the Taliban and Iran were on the verge of war .
In August of that year , the Taliban slaughtered hundreds of Shiites , including nine Iranian diplomats , in Mazar - e - Sharif , Afghanistan .
The Iranians responded by positioning thousands of uniformed Revolutionary Guardsmen and other forces on Iran ’s easternmost border with Afghanistan .
Mullah Omar and Ayatollah Khameini traded verbal barbs in the press .
The world openly fretted over the prospect of war .
Enter Khairkhwa .
For years , Khairkhwa had been the public voice of the Taliban , acting as its Pashto spokesman and doing interviews with the BBC and Voice of America .
Khairkhwa was trusted by the Taliban ’s most senior leaders to spin news for their regime .
This was no small task given the Taliban ’s continual human rights abuses .
Khairkhwa was , according to the US government ’s unclassified files , also the Taliban commander who helped take Mazar - e - Sharif in 1996 .
At the time , Mazar - e - Sharif was hotly contested territory .
In 1999 , the Taliban would trust Khairkhwa with another mission .
He was installed as the governor of Afghanistan ’s westernmost province of Herat .
Khairkhwa served in that capacity until the Taliban ’s fall in late 2001 .
The US government alleges that during that time Khairkhwa became a major drug trafficker with ties to senior al Qaeda leaders , including Osama bin Laden .
Khairkhwa reportedly built three walled compounds that he used to manage his opium trade .
And he allegedly oversaw one of Osama bin Laden ’s training facilities in Herat as well .
One US government memo notes that only Khairkhwa or bin Laden himself “ could authorize entrance ” to the facility , which was one of bin Laden ’s “ most important bases ” and “ conducted terrorist training two times per week . ”
Khairkhwa denied that he was a drug dealer and that he had significant ties to senior al Qaeda leaders during his hearings at Gitmo .
But it is clear that US intelligence officials did not believe Khairkhwa ’s denials .
The allegations were repeatedly included in the memos prepared for Khairkhwa ’s case .
Khairkhwa assigned a Taliban liaison to Iran
Khairkhwa played another , more provocative role as well .
According to the US government ’s unclassified files , Khairkhwa was installed as the governor of Herat “ to improve relations between Iran and the Taliban government . ”
By his own admission , Khairkhwa began meeting with the Iranians in early 2000 .
The US government ’s unclassified documents cite at least two instances when Khairkhwa took part in meetings between senior Taliban and Iranian officials : one on Jan. 7 , 2000 , and a second time in late 2001 .
The government ’s Oct. 7 , 2005 , ARB summary of evidence memo for Khairkhwa ( see here ) includes this allegation :
“ On 7 January 2000 , the detainee and three other Taliban officials attended a meeting with Iranian and Hizbi Islami - Gulbuddin Hikmatyar faction officials .
Present at the meeting were Afghan Hizbi Islami-Gulbuddin leader , Gulbuddin Hikmatyar and Ayman Al - Zawahiri [ emphasis added ] .
Topics of discussion included United States intervention in the region , restoration of peace in Afghanistan and strengthening the Taliban ’s ties with [ the ] Iran[ian ] government . ”
The government ’s second and more recent ARB summary of evidence memo ( dated June 16 , 2006 ) modified this allegation .
US intelligence officials did not allege that Hekmatyar or Zawahiri personally attended the meeting .
( See here . )
Instead , the government ’s allegation reads :
“ On 7 January 2000 , the detainee and three other Taliban officials attended a meeting with Iranian and Hizbi Islami - Gulbuddin Hekmatyar faction officials [ emphasis added ] .
Topics of discussion included United States intervention in the region , restoration of peace in Afghanistan , and strengthening the Taliban ’s nascent ties with Iran . ”
It is not clear why the US government removed the part about Gulbuddin Hekmatyar , a long - time ally of Osama bin Laden , and top al Qaeda terrorist Ayman al Zawahiri personally attending the meeting .
At the time , Hekmatyar was sheltering in Iran under the care of the Revolutionary Guards Corps .
Regardless , the rest of the details about the meeting between the Taliban and the Iranians were substantively unchanged .
And a memo prepared for Khairkhwa ’s third ARB hearing ( see here ) notes that Khairkhwa did meet with Ayman al Zawahiri to discuss US “ intervention ” in the region .
During his hearings at Gitmo , Khairkhwa did not deny that he attended the meeting with the Iranians in January of 2000 .
Khairkhwa also did not deny a second meeting with the Iranians in late 2001 .
The US government ’s Sept. 2 , 2004 , CSRT summary of evidence memo for Khairkhwa states ( see here ) :
“ Detainee was present at a clandestine meeting in October of 2001 between Taliban and Iranian officials in which Iran pledged to assist the Taliban in their war with the United States . ”
The government ’s unclassified summary of evidence memos for Khairkhwa ’s first and second ARB hearings ( see here and here ) allege that the meeting between the Taliban and the Iranians took place in November of 2001 , not October .
“ In November 2001 , the detainee met with an Iranian diplomatic delegation .
The Iranian Government was prepared to offer anti-aircraft weapons to the Taliban for use against the United States and Coalition Forces operating in Afghanistan . ”
In all likelihood , therefore , this post - September 11 meeting between the Taliban and Iranian officials took place in November , and the US government simply refined its allegation in the latter memos .
Khairkhwa discussed this post - September 11 meeting with the Iranians during his CSRT hearing .
Khairkhwa did not deny attending the meeting or that the Iranians “ pledged to assist the Taliban in their war with the United States , ” but claimed that he had only set up security for the meeting and was not the only Taliban official present .
Khairkhwa explained :
“ Yes , I participated in that meeting with the Iranians .
There was a committee that came from Kandahar and I joined them and was just sitting there .
They were conducting the meeting .
My job was for the security of this committee .
I was not the sole representative of this committee to talk with the Iranians .
They were responsible ; my job was to provide security and safety for the committee . ”
Later in his testimony , Khairkhwa made it clear that the Taliban sent a delegation from its central government to attend the meeting .
Khairkhwa undoubtedly wanted to downplay his own role in the secret meetings .
“ The meeting with the Iranians , it was designed and conducted by the committee that came from Kandahar , which was the central government at the time .
I was just a security member , ” Khairkhwa said .
During his second round ARB hearing , Khairkhwa denied that the Iranians offered anti-aircraft weapons at the November 2001 meeting .
He claimed that the Iranians made this offer only at the Jan. 7 , 2000 , meeting , which took place on Iranian soil .
Khairkhwa also denied that any representatives of Hekmatyar ’s group attended .
“ Yes .
There was a meeting with the Taliban delegation on Iran ’s soil , ” Khairkhwa said .
“ There were no Gulbuddin representatives . ”
Khairkhwa told his Gitmo board that the Taliban had difficulty procuring arms because of international sanctions that had been levied against the regime .
“ The Iranians offered to buy weapons for us because we were on restriction and could not buy them , ” Khairkhwa explained .
“ That is the truth . ”
Khairkhwa also claimed that the arms deal was never consummated .
However , history does not bear out Khairkhwa ’s denial .
In fact , multiple press outlets have reported that the Iranians have been supplying anti-aircraft missiles , mines , and other arms to the Taliban .
There is another important aspect to the meetings between the Iranians and the Taliban that Khairkhwa attended as well .
A US government memo produced for Khairkhwa ’s third ARB hearing notes that in addition to anti-aircraft missiles , the Taliban and Iran negotiated “ an open border to Iran for any Arab or Taliban to smuggle money or goods out of Afghanistan . ”
This , too , came to fruition .
For example , Time Magazine reported in early 2002 that Taliban and al Qaeda terrorists slipped across the border into Iran in order to avoid American forces .
Khairkhwa ’s testimony and the US government ’s evidence against Khairkhwa confirm a central point in this Long War against terrorism .
Even one - time enemies like the Taliban and Iran can conspire when it comes to countering their mutual enemy : America .
And , somewhat surprisingly , they had begun to plan their countermeasures even before the September 11 attacks prompted America ’s response in the region .
According to the US government ’s files , that planning may have even involved senior terrorists , including al Qaeda ’s second in command , Ayman al Zawahiri .
Thomas Joscelyn is a Senior Fellow at the Foundation for Defense of Democracies and the Senior Editor for FDD 's Long War Journal .
Are you a dedicated reader of FDD 's Long War Journal ?
Has our research benefitted you or your team over the years ?
Support our independent reporting and analysis today by considering a one - time or monthly donation .
Thanks for reading !
You can make a tax - deductible donation here .
Negligent practices , distraction and a lack of due diligence can lead to injuries , some of which are fatal .
You should not experience pain or tragedy , and your financial situation does not have to deteriorate through the fault of another .
In situations involving an injury or losing a loved one unnecessarily , we dedicate our legal services to recovering damages on your behalf so you can heal .
Brian Jones was found dead in 1969
The death of former Rolling Stones guitarist Brian Jones is to be reviewed following new evidence , it has been revealed .
Police in Sussex were handed new information connected to the musician 's untimely death 40 years ago .
Mr Jones , was found dead at the bottom of a swimming pool at a house in Cotchford farm , Hartfield , East Sussex .
An inquest recorded a verdict of death by misadventure but speculation continued that he was murdered .
A spokesman for Sussex Police said the force had been handed documents connected with Jones 's death , prompting the review .
But he added it was too early to launch a fresh investigation .
He added : " These papers will be examined by Sussex Police , but it is too early to comment at this time as to what the outcome will be . "
Jones , who was 27 when he died , was a founding member of the Rolling Stones .
Audio :
Tamiflu Resistant Pandemic H1N1 Cases in Texas
Recombinomics Commentary 03:14
August 4 , 2009
" We have found resistance to Tamiflu on the border .
We have observed some cases , few to be sure , in El Paso and close to McAllen , Texas , " said Maria Teresa Cerqueira , head of the local PAHO office .
Cerquiera said one patient diagnosed with a Tamiflu - resistant strain had been treated with Zanamivir -- an anti-viral made by GlaxoSmithKline -- and another was given no alternative medication .
Both survived .
The above comments describe at least two oseltamivir resistant patients along the Texas / Mexico border .
The cases are at opposite ends of the border ( see map ) and raise concerns that the resistance developed in the absence of Tamiflu treatment .
One patient had " diagnosed " resistance and was treated with Zanamivir , while the other was n't treated with Zanamivir , leaving open the possibility that neither were treated with oseltamivir .
Moreover , the wording left open the possibility that there were more than two patients , suggesting fit swine H1N1 with H274Y was circulating over a wide area .
The emergence of fit swine H1N1 with H274Y is not a surprise .
A case has already been reported in Hong Kong in a traveler from San Francisco .
The precursor for this strain has been reported worldwide , although the only case reported in the US was in April in New Jersey , raising concerns that the fit strain was circulating silently , in part because the cases were mild and not being tested .
The patient in Hong Kong , like one of the patients recovered without treatment with Relenza , indicating the cases were relatively mild .
The fact that these cases were reported simultaneously also raises concerns that a fit H274Y is circulating in the area .
Details on the number of cases , and release of sequences , would be useful .
Education Secretary Ed Balls today said it would be a " good thing " to hold some of the Iraq War inquiry in public as Gordon Brown faced fury from Labour backbenchers over his initial decision to hold the hearings in private .
Mr Balls , a close ally of Mr Brown , said the inquiry , under chairman Sir John Chilcot , was independent and politicians could not dictate whether hearings were in public .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
" He ( Gordon Brown ) said last week that he is talking to Mr Chilcot who is going to do the inquiry .
They will decide how they do this , " he told GMTV .
" I think that they will be really keen to make sure that members of the public can put their views and former service people as well .
" And if they decide to do some hearings in public then that will be a good thing but that is really a matter for them . "
He added : " I think the important thing is that it is an independent inquiry so the guy in charge of the inquiry should decide rather than politicians saying ' you have got to do it this way , or that way ' . "
His remarks were made after Transport Minister Sadiq Khan yesterday acknowledged the controversy over the inquiry " looked awful " but was partly due to a lack of understanding about the power and autonomy that would be given to Sir John .
It was reported yesterday that former prime minister Tony Blair urged Mr Brown to hold the inquiry in secret .
Mr Brown has faced severe criticism for announcing on Monday the inquiry would be held behind closed doors and was forced into a partial climbdown days later .
Inside Politics newsletter
The latest news on Brexit , politics and beyond direct to your inbox Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive updates on politics every morning by email Update newsletter preferences
After an array of senior figures denounced the decision to hold hearings in private , Downing Street said on Thursday Sir John would have some discretion in how he conducted proceedings .
Mr Khan , Britain 's most senior Muslim politician , told BBC1's Politics Show : " I suspect there will be many , many parts of the inquiry held in public . "
Asked to admit the situation " did not look good " , Mr Khan conceded : " It looked awful .
One of the reasons was a lack of understanding of what chairs of inquiries do . "
He added : " The terms of reference were set out , from 2001 to 2009 , Sir John will decide how his inquiry is held . "
Justice Secretary Jack Straw , who was foreign secretary at the time of the 2003 invasion of Iraq , said he would have no objection to giving most of his evidence in public .
He said the indications from Sir John were that it would be " mixed " .
The Prime Minister had taken the Franks Inquiry into the Falklands War , which was held in private , as a model , he said .
" That was what the Conservatives had been calling for time after time after time , and they dismissed other inquiries that had been held , " he told the Andrew Marr Show on BBC1 .
" Now Franks was held in private exclusively .
It was for that reason , no other , that Gordon Brown decided to do that . "
Mr Straw added : " As foreign secretary at the time I have no problem with giving most of the evidence I have got to give in public . "
Northern Ireland Secretary Shaun Woodward said a public inquiry could take years to complete .
He told Sky News 's Sunday Live the Saville Inquiry into the events of Bloody Sunday had taken nine years to investigate the events of one afternoon and had cost hundreds of millions of pounds .
" What the public need , and certainly what the MoD needs , is to learn the lessons and learn them fast , " he said .
The Observer reported yesterday that Mr Blair pressed the Prime Minister to hold an inquiry behind closed doors because he feared he would be subjected to a " show trial " if it were open to the public .
He is said to have communicated his view to his successor , Mr Brown , via the Cabinet Secretary , Sir Gus O'Donnell .
He feared a direct conversation would be leaked , The Observer claimed .
A spokesman for Mr Blair said : " This is a decision for the current Prime Minister , not the former one . "
Mr Woodward confirmed Mr Blair had held talks with Sir Gus about giving evidence to the inquiry .
He said : " Of course the Cabinet Secretary discussed this with the former prime minister because he obviously will be one of the major witnesses who will be giving evidence to Sir John Chilcot 's inquiry . "
Shadow work and pensions secretary Theresa May seized upon the comments made by Mr Khan .
She told the Politics Show : " This is amazing .
If it 's a Government u-turn and the inquiry is now going to be held in public then I welcome that . "
Liberal Democrat leader Nick Clegg said Mr Blair should give evidence to the inquiry in public and under oath .
He said he would be meeting Sir John this week to tell him the only way for the inquiry to have legitimacy is for it to be as public as possible .
Mr Clegg told the Andrew Marr Show : " If the inquiry is to have any legitimacy the prime architect of the decision to go to war in Iraq , alongside George Bush , should give his evidence in public under oath . "
I had an occasion to use this instructable tonight and found that three refinements were necessary for the repair to work properly and in sharing them below it is my hope that others will at least give this solution a try because it is a clever option and I would not have thought of it were it not for this site .
That said , let 's dive in .
1 . First , the need to make the zip tie head thinner is necessary and without question , however , the process by which you do it is important .
I found that for the zip ties I had it was not possible to use an exacto or disposable precision blade because the plastic was too hard .
I ended up using a large butcher knife and a kitchen chopping block .
PLEASE use caution when doing this .
Take careful note of where your fingers are before cutting .
If you have smaller hands or are at all unsure about your ability to do this , get an adult or someone with strong , steady hands to do it for you .
2 . Next , it is extremely unlikely that the thinning of the head with a knife will be precise enough .
I found it easier and more precise to refine the thinning process with a metal nail file .
The one I used has a black plastic handle about 1.25 inches long and the metal file portion is about 2 inches .
They are available in the beauty section of any popular store like Walmart , CVS , Walgreens , Target , etc .
The thickness must be such that the zip tie head does not stick up above the RJ45 connector when in place .
I found it easier to keep the nail file still in one hand while moving the zip tie head back and forth across it .
When the thickness is precisely the same height as the top of the RJ45 connector , the next step is to cut the head of the zip tie to a shorter length , perhaps in half .
This is because the point of the " click " which secures the connector in the jack is quite a precise location and my zip tie head was just too long thus causing the notch to be too far back and not click .
Use the nail file to file the end square and smooth .
3 . Lastly , I found that using a small rubber band around the connector under the zip tie will provide a better spring action .
An additional rubber band around the cable and zip tie on the cable area behind the connector entirely will provide additional support and finally about a half inch behind that is where I put the zip tie to hold it all tight .
This makes three points ( see pictures ) where the modified zip tie is held to the cable and this is important because any side to side movement will cause the " click " to fail and the connector to come out of the jack .
Caution :
As stated by the author of this instructable , this is a temporary repair and certainly is not something you 'd want to do in a business environment for more than a short time period .
For the home user , however , it should suffice .
However , there are certain jacks where this fix may not be suitable ; for example if the jack is hard to access or is where the connector will be the only thing holding the cable in the jack .
For the latter , some sort of strain relief rigging is required either with a piece of string or wire holding the cable up or some type of clever cable management .
This would most likely occur if the repaired end of the cable was connected to a switch or router mounted on a wall or in a rack .
But that 's for another article !
Feedback : Some commenters here have suggested that the better solution is to cut off the broken connector altogether and replace it with a new one .
Respectfully , this is not always feasible .
Having been a network administrator for over a decade , I 've run into several situations where an " in the field " repair was the only option .
A fascinating glimpse at A.I. in its prime , including interviews with some of the most powerful intellects in the history of computing .
YOU EVEN GET TO SEE A REAL LISP MACHINE IN OPERATION !!!!
Unfortunately , this trip into the ultimate ivory tower is interrupted by cheerleading for unjustifiably popular primitive computing devices , the lasting influence of which continues to interfere with the advancement of the entire computing industry today .
favorite favorite favorite
The first 3 / 4 of it is watchable but very static .
The liveliest bits are buried at the end in a separate computing news program called ' Random Access ' that seems to have slipped into the main clip .
' Random Access ' features gems like a perky report that IBM PC sales are surprizingly brisk , and an ominous ( with hindsight ) note that Compaq is lowering the price of its clones below IBM 's price .
- September 22 , 2004 Skip to the end for the best part
Stay on Top of Enterprise Technology Trends
Get updates impacting your industry from our GigaOm Research Community
Alcatel - Lucent ( s ALU ) CEO Ben Verwaayen gave a keynote speech this morning at the EmTech conference , running today and tomorrow at MIT .
He spoke of tech innovations and — perhaps most importantly — the need to turn them into sustainable , profitable businesses .
During the question - and - answer session , which always manages to be more interesting than the actual talk , Verwaayen shared his three requirements for a product to be successful :
Speed – From idea to execution , you must move quickly .
“ If it takes too long to get your product to market , it does n’t matter if it is great . ”
– From idea to execution , you must move quickly .
“ If it takes too long to get your product to market , it does n’t matter if it is great . ”
Relevance to customers – “ You say : It ’s great ! ’
But why is it great ?
‘ Because it ’s great ! ' ”
That ’s not enough .
“ The customer will ask , ‘ What can I do with it ? ' ”
He noted that a product might seem great to its inventor , but if it does n’t create value for the customer , it ’s useless .
Verwaayen quoted Apple ’s ( s aapl ) Steve Jobs saying , “ The most expensive phrase in Silicon Valley is ‘ It will work , because it ’s really , really cool . ' ”
– “ You say : It ’s great ! ’
But why is it great ?
‘ Because it ’s great ! ' ”
That ’s not enough .
“ The customer will ask , ‘ What can I do with it ? ' ”
He noted that a product might seem great to its inventor , but if it does n’t create value for the customer , it ’s useless .
Verwaayen quoted Apple ’s ( s aapl ) Steve Jobs saying , “ The most expensive phrase in Silicon Valley is ‘ It will work , because it ’s really , really cool . ' ”
Business model – Every product must have a viable business model .
Lots of customers have a mindset of “ great product !
Thank you , but I ’ll take it for free . ”
He asks , “ Why is everything free on the web , but people are willing to pay for a ringtone ? ”
It does n’t make any sense .
We ’ve missed that boat as an industry , totally . ”
Another questioner asked what was the “ most surprising and unanticipated consumer demand ” in telecom .
Verwaayen said that the industry “ missed everything . ”
“ We missed email .
We missed SMS .
Some people have made a lot of money with ringtones … [ Telecom companies ] think technology ; we do n’t think end users . ”
Afterwards , I asked him where he looks to see what the next trends in telecom are — to try to discover them before it ’s too late .
His answer ?
Whatever 15 - year - olds are using .
The current draft of the new C++ 0 x standard includes lambda functions .
I think we can expect this to be very popular .
I 'll show a " Hello , World " example , and then explain the syntax very briefly .
In a future posting I ’ll write about lambdas and their use with Intel Threading Building Blocks .
Hello , Lambdas , version 1 :
template < typename F> void Eval ( const F& f ) { f( ) ; } void foo ( ) { Eval ( [ ] {printf ( " Hello , Lambdas
" ) ; } ) ; }
Hello , Lambdas , version 2 :
void bar ( ) { auto f = [ ] { printf ( " Hello , Lambdas
" ) ; } ; f ( ) ; }
Lambdas , my quick reference guide :
Compilers that support lambdas will create a unique anonymous functor type for each lambda expression .
Lambda expressions are useful as arguments to template functions or with C++0 x auto keyword .
Here are some valid uses of lambda to look at before getting into the formal definition :
[ &] ( float x ) {sum +=x ;} [ & ] {return * p ++;} [ = ] ( float x ) {return a *x +b;} [ ] ( float x , float y ) -> float { if ( x<y ) return x ; else return y ; }
A lambda function starts with ‘ [ ‘ and is specified as :
[ capture_mode ] ( formal_parameters ) mutable throw ( ) -> return_type {body}
Which is broken down as follows :
[ capture_mode ]
[ & ] means captured variables are by - reference , changes will affect variables from outside the body ( the surrounding scope when the lambda was defined ) when modified in the body
[ = ] means captured variables are by - value , changes to them in the body will not affect the value outside the body ( being allowed to change the value inside the body does require the ' mutable ' keyword be used )
[ ] means no capture of variables from other scope(s ) , any reference to a variable not passed in as a parameter or otherwise defined in the code body will be flagged as undefined by the compiler ( perhaps with a polite reminded that you ca n’t access variables in a lambda from other scopes without a capture specified ) .
You can specify variables to differ from the default you specify , by naming them in the capture .
Therefore a capture of [ & , =total ] says to capture variables by reference except to capture variable total by value .
You can let the default be no capture by specifing variables all explicitly such as [ &foo , &bar ] .
( formal_parameters ) can be omitted if there are no parameters and the return type is implicit .
Default arguments , variable length argument lists and unnamed parameters are not allowed – otherwise the parameter list is basically like any other .
mutable :
An optional keyword " mutable " is required if you want the body to be allowed to modify captured variables that were captured ' by value . '
The compiler will issue an error otherwise if changing a capture - by - value variable is attempted .
throw ( ) :
A lambda expression may optionally include an exception specification after the parameter list and before the return type specification .
The parameter list is necessary if there is an exception specification .
The following lambda expressions specify that they do not throw exceptions :
[ ]( int x ) throw ( ) -> bool {return x *7==0 ;} [ ] ( ) throw ( ) { return rand ( ) ; }
return_type can be omitted if return type is void or code is simply “ return expr ; ”
{ body} is simply a block of code .
If my quick reference is not enough – you can see the standards paper with all the details http://www.open-std.org/jtc1/sc22/wg21/docs/papers/2009/n2914.pdf
( starting page 87 . )
Opposition leader Mir Hossein Musavi at a rally in Tehran
President Mahmud Ahmadinejad delivers the weekly Friday Prayer sermon at Tehran University .
A hundred thousand people rallied to mark Quds Day in Tehran .
Iran Election Special Iran Election Special RFE / RL's Full Coverage Following the disputed reelection of Iranian President Mahmud Ahmadinejad , supporters of Mir Hossein Musavi have taken to the streets to protest .
Following the disputed reelection of Iranian President Mahmud Ahmadinejad , supporters of Mir Hossein Musavi have taken to the streets to protest .
Click here for news , blogs , and analysis of the presidential election and aftermath .
Tens of thousands of people wearing green accessories -- the sign of the opposition -- have come out on to the streets of Tehran and other major cities for the first mass protests against the Iranian government in two months .
Clashes were reported between the opposition protestors and supporters of President Mahmud Ahmadinejad , backed by police and Basij militia vigilantes .
It is not yet known how many protesters were arrested .
The protesters took advantage of the officially sanctioned observance of Quds ( Jerusalem ) Day -- on which Ahmadinejad denounced the Holocaust as a " myth " -- to assemble without immediately being spotted and stopped by the police .
Shouting slogans , the protestors denounced Ahmadinejad as stealing the June presidential election : " Liar , liar , where is your 63 percent ?
" They also demanded the release of thousands of people arrested in government crackdowns on previous rallies against Iran 's contested presidential election results .
Demonstrations also took place in other major Iranian cities including Isfahan , Mashhad , Qom , Shiraz , and Tabriz .
One woman protester told RFE / RL's Radio Farda by phone that " thousands of people " are out in green , including Mehdi Karrubi , a former speaker of parliament and opposition leader .
She did not give her name for fear of being later identified by the police .
" People are now heading to Karimkhan Square .
I can tell you that from Vali Asr Square to Karimkhan Zand Square all is covered in green , " she added .
" The conservatives are much fewer than the reformists . " Karrubi has led opposition charges that some of those arrested in earlier protests were raped in jail -- charges that have deeply divided the Iranian public over the government 's treatment of the opposition movement .
But the Iranian state news agency IRNA reported that leading opposition leader Mir Hossein Musavi was forced back by hard - liners when he also tried to appear .
The agency said government supporters attacked his car , shouting " death to the hypocrite , " until he drove off , unhurt .
Musavi , who finished second in the contentious June presidential election , has charged the government with massive vote fraud to secure a second term for Ahmadinejad .
A reformist website , parlemennews.ir , said that hard - liners also attacked former reformist President Mohammad Khatami , but that he was rescued by riot police .
" During the scuffle , his turban fell off and they wanted to beat him but supporters resisted them and the riot police promptly intervened , " the website said .
Khatami ’s brother , Mohammad Reza Khatami , later told AFP that the former president was unhurt .
The situation is extremely volatile not only because security forces warned ahead of the events that they would " deal decisively " with any protests , but because masses of Ahmadinejad supporters are also in the streets .
There were reports of fistfights breaking out between the opposition supporters and hard - liners as the two camps move through the streets with no clear lines separating them .
Some witnesses have also reported security forces clashing with opposition supporters and arresting an undetermined number of people .
Ahmadinejad himself was among some 100,000 people who marched towards Tehran University from different parts of the capital for official ceremonies marking Quds Day .
As they marched , the chanted : " America , we know what your plan is .
America , Israel , this is the last message to you .
The army of justice is ready to rise .
" Ahmadinejad later used a keynote speech at Friday Prayers at the mosque of Tehran University to lambast the Israeli government and repeat his frequent declaration that the Holocaust is a " myth . "
" The very existence of this [ Israeli ] regime is an insult to the dignity of the people , " he said .
" They [ Western powers ] launched the myth of the Holocaust .
They lied , they put on a show , and then they support the Jews .
" Many of the opposition leaders , including Musavi , and Karrubi , are former office holders and senior members of the ruling Iranian establishment .
That makes the continuing dispute over the election results the biggest domestic political crisis the Islamic republic has faced in its 30 - year history .
In a sign of the split in the ruling establishment over the election , former President Akbar Hashemi - Rafsanjani was replaced with a hard - line cleric to give the sermon during Friday Prayers at Tehran University marking Quds Day .
It marked the first time in decades Rafsanjani had been replaced for the annual event .
Rafsanjani backed Musavi in the election and has been strongly criticized by hard - liners for speaking out during a Friday Prayer sermon in July against the conduct of the election .
Rafsanjani , in an apparent bid to defuse tensions over the snub , told Iranian state television 's Arabic - language broadcaster , Al - Alam , that " I do n't think it is necessary that I always deliver the sermon this day after 30 years .
"
In his place , the Friday Prayers sermon -- which is heard nationwide -- was delivered by hard - line cleric Ahmad Khatami .
The Islamic Revolutionary Guards Corps warned the opposition on September 17 that it would tackle any " divisive and antirevolutionary movement " during the Quds Day observances .
The Revolutionary Guards said in a statement , " " We are warning people and the movements who want to help the Zionist regime that if you seek any disruption or disorder during the glorious Quds Day rally , you will be decisively confronted by the courageous children of Iran .
"
The opposition says at least 72 protesters were killed in previous violence that followed the election , while government officials maintain that only 36 died in the unrest .
Mr Polonsky was worth $ 1.2 bn last year , according to Forbes magazine
Those who are still struggling to make their first billion dollars can afford to feel smug for a moment .
Billionaire businessman Sergei Polonsky once declared that anybody in his native Russia who failed to make at least $ 1bn was " a loser " .
But that was before his Mirax Group company 's assets were frozen by a court for failing to repay a $ 242 m loan .
Mr Polonsky blames the recession , which he urged reporters not to blow out of proportion late last year .
Mirax is " struggling with the storming seas of the economic crisis , " he writes on his blog .
" During the past year , we have n't managed to get a single loan for construction , and in the past month we have n't sold a single square metre of housing or collected any instalment payments for the real estate we 've already sold , " he continues .
Mirax owes the $ 242 m to Alfa Bank , which obtained a ruling in the Moscow Arbitration Court last week to freeze the firm 's assets .
Mr Polonsky , the company 's chief executive , was valued at $ 1.2 bn by Forbes magazine last year .
He says the group will now cease all construction .
One of its most famous projects is the Federation Tower skyscraper in Moscow , which was due to open in 2010 .
Posted on September 17 , 2009
Pelosi Chokes Up Warning Against Political " Violence "
Speaker Nancy Pelosi : " I have concerns about some of the language that is being used because I saw ... I saw this myself in the late ' 70s in San Francisco , " Pelosi said , choking up and with tears forming in her eyes .
" This kind of rhetoric is just , is really frightening and it created a climate in which we , violence took place and ...
I wish that we would all , again , curb our enthusiasm in some of the statements that are made . "
AUDIO : Rush On Pelosi Getting Emotional : " Tears Of A Clown "
By Stephen Evans
BBC News , Las Vegas
Barack Obama faces considerable opposition to his plans for healthcare reform , not least from a man in Las Vegas , who is recruiting Thomas Jefferson in his opposition to the US president 's plans .
Mr Parshall fears the US is becoming socialist under President Obama Glen Parshall is a great bear of a man who could make a pretty good living as a Santa Claus in any Christmas grotto .
Except , that is , for the armoury of hundreds of guns with which he is surrounded and which he fondles with gentle care .
Glen Parshall , you see , is a pawn - broker in Las Vegas who specialises in guns .
He takes them in return for a loan , and sells those he keeps when the loans are not repaid .
Business , he tells me , is very good at the moment because high unemployment means more crime and so more people wanting to protect themselves by carrying a gun .
And high unemployment also means more desperate people depositing their weapons in return for his four - month loans at 10 % interest a month .
' Tree of Liberty ' Mr Parshall , though , is not just a businessman for whom the recession is a boon .
He is also one of the out - riders for libertarians who believe that America under Obama is turning into a socialist state .
Jefferson wrote about the ' Tree of Liberty ' in a letter to William S Smith I do not exaggerate .
" We 've got someone who is an out - and - out Marxist , a total socialist , who is trying to put everything under government control , " Mr Parshall told me .
" There 's a lot of people that are rising up , " he says .
He and other self - described " free - thinkers " make much of Thomas Jefferson 's statement : " The Tree of Liberty must be refreshed from time to time with the blood of patriots and tyrants . "
I asked him whether , given the taking over of America by a socialist , violence against Mr Obama would be legitimate .
" If they do n't start conforming to our constitution , we may have to rise up in arms and take our country back , " Mr Parshall replied , though he says that would be a last resort if elections did not do the job first .
Mr Parshall is a polite , engaging man , open to discussion , even gentle argument .
Though the sign behind him does say : " I refuse to have a battle of wits with an unarmed man , " which I know not to be true because he engaged in a pleasant battle of wits with me .
Searing anger Nobody argues that Mr Parshall represents great numbers of Americans , but that does not mean he is insignificant .
Liberals say there is a dangerous atmosphere on the fringe .
They point to the numbers of armed men who now turn up at healthcare meetings asserting their right to bear arms , sometimes wearing badges with the quote about " refreshing the Tree of Liberty " with blood .
And there is , certainly , a searing anger at Mr Obama 's policies .
Everywhere Mr Parshall 's comrades now turn , they see more evidence of the country being taken away from them .
A short distance from the pawn shop , for example , is the University of Nevada Medical Centre , a hospital funded by the tax - payer .
In a small room on the first floor , illegal immigrants are being treated at great cost for kidney failure .
This enrages some people who cannot understand how the cash - strapped American tax - payer now comes to be funding the healthcare of people who have no right to be in the country in the first place .
Controversial treatment I met Philip Ramoth who told me through his mask as he was being dialysed that he came to America from British Honduras without the right papers .
He managed to get a job driving a garbage truck until his kidneys failed .
He then went to the hospital , which took him in .
As the head of emergency medicine Dale Carrison told me : " We see these people because we 're physicians and that 's our role , and secondly , because it 's the law . "
He says there is a legal obligation not to refuse treatment to people who would otherwise die .
But it is not a popular view in Las Vegas , and it adds to the belief on the right , that the country , as they love it , has been stolen from them .
By the way , the sentence " The Tree of Liberty must be refreshed from time to time with the blood of patriots and tyrants " may have been written first by one of the great founding fathers of American liberty , but it was made famous , too , by one Timothy McVeigh .
He , you remember , murdered 168 people when he attacked what he saw as a tyrannical federal government in Oklahoma City in 1995 .
It was the slogan on his T - shirt .
How to listen to : From our own Correspondent Radio 4 : Saturdays , 1130 .
Second weekly edition on Thursdays , 1100 ( some weeks only ) World Service :
See programme schedules Download the podcast Listen on iPlayer Story by story at the programme website
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
HTML , SVG or Canvas Labels ?
Posted in : javascript infovis toolkit , visualization , javascript
Using HTML labels
// Add the name of the node in the correponding label // and a click handler to move the graph .
// This method is called once , on label creation .
on CreateLabel : function ( domElement , node ) { domElement .
innerHTML = node .
name ; domElement .
onclick = function ( ) { rgraph .
on Click ( node . id ) ; } ; } , // Change some label dom properties .
// This method is called each time a label is plotted .
on PlaceLabel : function ( domElement , node ) { var style = domElement .
style ; style .
display = '' ; style .
cursor = ' pointer ' ; if ( node .
_depth <= 1 ) { style .
fontSize = " 0.8 em " ; style .
color = " #ccc " ; } else if ( node .
_depth == 2 ) { style .
fontSize = " 0.7em " ; style .
color = " #494949 " ; } else { style .
display = ' none ' ; } var left = parseInt ( style . left ) ; var w = domElement .
offsetWidth ; style .
left = ( left - w / 2 ) + ' px ' ; }
I 'm using well known HTML elements .
Dealing with DOM elements let 's you add event handlers , individual styling and things like that .
I 'm using a DOM tree , which means that if labels are plotted at all times I 'm exhaustively updating the DOM and this might lead to performance problems .
HTML is good for structuring pages , but for example you might want to apply transformations to HTML elements ( like rotating labels , etc ) , and these are n't supported by all browsers yet .
So one of the problems that might arise is , for example , the fact that in radial layouts labels might be occluded :
Using SVG labels
Graph .
Label .Native ( for native canvas labels )
Graph.Label.DOM ( abstract class for dom elements )
Graph .Label.HTML( extends the DOM interface with HTML specific stuff )
Graph.Label.SVG ( extends the DOM interface with SVG specific stuff )
// Add the name of the node in the correponding label // and a click handler to move the graph .
// This method is called once , on label creation .
on CreateLabel : function ( domElement , node ) { domElement .
firstChild .
appendChild ( document .
createTextNode ( node . name ) ) ; domElement .
onclick = function ( ) { rgraph .
on Click ( node .
id , { hideLabels : false } ) ; } ; } , // Change some label dom properties .
// This method is called each time a label is plotted .
on PlaceLabel : function ( domElement , node ) { var bb = domElement .
getBBox ( ) ; if ( bb ) { // center the label var x = domElement .
getAttribute ( ' x ' ) ; var y = domElement .
getAttribute ( 'y ' ) ; // get polar coordinates var p = node .
pos .
getp ( true ) ; // get angle in degrees var pi = Math .
PI ; var cond = ( p . theta > pi / 2 && p . theta < 3 * pi / 2 ) ; if ( cond ) { domElement .
setAttribute ( ' x ' , x - bb . width ) ; domElement .
setAttribute ( 'y ' , y - bb . height ) ; } else if ( node .
id == rgraph .
root ) { domElement .
setAttribute ( ' x ' , x - bb . width / 2 ) ; } var thetap = cond ? p . theta + pi : p . theta ; domElement .
setAttribute ( ' transform ' , ' rotate ( ' + thetap * 360 / ( 2 * pi ) + ' ' + x + ' ' + y + ' ) ' ) ; }
Just like with any other DOM element , you can add event handlers .
You can apply transformations to labels .
Performance , for the same reasons as HTML .
IE does not support SVG .
Native Canvas labels
Graph .
Label .
Native = new Class ( { plotLabel : function ( canvas , node , controller ) { var ctx = canvas . getCtx ( ) ; var coord = node .
pos .
getc ( true ) ; ctx .
fillText ( node .
name , coord .
x , coord . y ) ; } , hideLabel : $ empty } ) ;
Opera does not support this feature .
You can't natively add event handlers to labels .
I think I 've seen someone do something similar for text in processing , but I 'm not sure there 's a good way of doing this without keeping track of the position of each label and perform a check each time a click is triggered in the canvas element .
I should change the way I define controller methods , in order to be able to pass a custom label object with x , y , theta , rho , width , height properties that could be modified on the fly , and then translate these changes into translate and rotate native canvas calls to be able to plot the text the way the user wants it .
This seems just to damn complicated ....
But I 'll consider it .
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
As you might know , the JavaScript InfoVis Toolkit uses the HTML5 Canvas element for plotting and animating graphs .
This is all very nice , Canvas performance compared to other techniques for plotting these things ( SVG for example ) is by far superior .
But of course , there are drawbacks .
Canvas better performance is due to the fact that there are no tracked elements : the Canvas is simply an image and you 're drawing there just like you'd be drawing something in paint .
One big problem is that there 's no native possibility to add events to what 's drawn in Canvas , like a plotted node , edge or label .
As opposed to Canvas , SVG has a DOM / XML like spec : you have all these tags ( ) and each of them is just like a DOM element : you can add click event handlers , individual styling with CSS , etc .
Having to keep track of all these elements and handling a DOM - tree makes the performance of SVG not suitable for visualizing ( and animating ) medium to large datasets on the web .
Just like SVG , HTML is a DOM / XML - like spec , where you can add event handlers to each element .
Also , every web developer knows HTML so exposing HTML labels through user - defined controller methods in the library seemed to me like a good choice .
For controller methods like onCreateLabel or onPlaceLabel an HTML element is passed and the user can style or add event - handlers to it .
For example , here 's a fragment of the code used in the RGraph demo .
You can see the rest of the code here
In my opinion this is a good approach , good points are : Weak points are : So I began exploring other possibilities to create labels .
For this I abstracted the Label interface I had and split it into : I also modified the Canvas class so you can specify the type of labels you want to use , labels : ' HTML ' , labels : ' SVG ' or labels : ' Native ' .
Default 's HTML .
The same RGraph example code now would look like this :
This code does a little bit more than just plotting the label , it rotates the labels so they 're not occluded : Good points of this approach are : Weak points : Bonus good point : Google is making work SVG in IE with some open source library that works apparently the same as the ExCanvas library .
Here 's the Open Source project that will be presented here .
That 's like the main reason why I 've been considering a different approach for labels ;) Native Canvas labels make use of the HTML5 Canvas text API to plot labels .
Since the labels are just painted in the Canvas there 's no DOM tree to update , and performance is good .
The Canvas text API has fillText , strokeText and measureText as methods .
You can read more about the Canvas Text API here .
This is the code I added to the Graph .
Label .
Native class : A very good point about this approach is performance .
Also , the code is simpler .
You do n't have to keep a labelContainer and update DOM labels each time you 're making an animation .
Weak points are :
Anyway , these are the methods I 've found to plot labels into graphs .
Which one do you think is the best ?
Do you know about any other approaches I could take to solve this problem ?
A petite , light - skinned Jamaican woman sits with her husband in a crowded beachside ice cream shop in San Diego .
Although she does n’t speak loudly or occupy much space in the room , people notice her .
Her hair is long , flowing and black like a windy night .
Her lips are soft and red like rose petals .
Her curves are subtle , yet they dip and bend in all the right places .
Her skin is smooth , brown , maple cream .
And her clothes are modest , accentuating everything , while exposing nothing at all .
She knows why they ’re looking at her .
“ It ’s because I ’m not white , ” she says .
“ It ’s because we ’re an interracial couple and they do n’t understand why you ’re with me . ”
Her husband groans and closes his eyes .
There ’s nothing he can say .
They ’ve already had this conversation a hundred times before .
He threads his fingers through his hair in frustration and watches as his chocolate ice cream begins to melt .
Three tables over , two white college kids eat their ice cream cones and check out ‘ the scene . ’
As usual , they ’re not impressed .
The women around here are too old , too fat , too ugly , or… , “ Wow , look at her , ” the pimple - faced one says as he nods his head towards the Jamaican woman .
The prematurely balding one turns around to look .
“ Oh yeah , she must be a model , ” he replies .
“ She ’s way out of our league , bro … ”
“ I do n’t think I should have to explain why this is so painful for me , ” the Jamaican woman continues .
“ The media portrays white , blonde females as the essence of beauty and perfection .
My color is simply a genetic defect . ”
A chubby white girl , about ten years old , naively stares at the Jamaican woman while sipping a root beer float .
Small tears stream down her face .
“ Daddy , why ca n’t I be as pretty as her ? ” she asks her father .
“ It does n’t matter if you ’re physically faithful to me , ” the Jamaican woman says to her husband .
“ Because with all these influences surrounding you , you ’re probably internalizing your deep desires for a genetically endowed female companion .
And it kills me !
Do n’t you understand ? ”
“ Please honey …
Are you ready to go home ? ” her husband replies softly .
She has n’t taken a single bite of her brownie sundae and all of the ice cream has already melted .
She sighs and stands up , weakly .
Three well - dressed white women in their late twenties talk cheerfully and sip diet cokes at a table near the door .
They were all childhood friends at a local orphanage .
When they were eventually placed in different foster homes , they lost contact with each other .
This special reunion is their first time together in almost fifteen years .
“ Did you see those three women by the door ? ” the Jamaican woman asks her husband as they walk to their car .
“ Wealthy white women like that do n’t even appreciate how easy their life has been . ”
Photo by : Jasmic
In the health debate , liberals sing Hari Krishnas to the " public option " -- a new federal insurance program like Medicare -- but if it 's good enough for the middle class , then surely it 's good enough for the political class too ?
As it happens , more than a few Democrats disagree .
On Tuesday , the Senate health committee voted 12 - 11 in favor of a two - page amendment courtesy of Republican Tom Coburn that would require all Members and their staffs to enroll in any new government - run health plan .
Yet all Democrats -- with the exceptions ...
The format war over high - def discs effectively ended in early 2008
Toshiba is to start making products that can play Blu-ray discs .
The decision marks a big change for the electronics firm which was the prime mover of the rival HD - DVD format .
Blu-ray and HD - DVD went head - to - head to see who could dominate the burgeoning market for movies produced in the high definition format .
The format war was effectively won in early 2008 when the Blu-ray camp won the backing of all four of the biggest movie studios .
Blu-ray was largely developed by Sony .
Its efforts to dominate the HD market were also helped by sales of the PlayStation 3 which has a Blu-ray player built - in .
Toshiba said it would begin production of stand alone Blu-ray players as well as drives for PCs and laptops .
Its first products are likely to be ready for the end of 2009 .
The Japanese firm also said it would join the Blu-ray Disc Association ( BDA ) - the industry body which oversees development of the high - definition format .
" In light of recent growth in digital devices supporting the Blu-ray format , combined with market demand from consumers and retailers alike , Toshiba has decided to join the BDA , " the Japanese firm said in a statement .
Just because science fiction has a low budget , does n't mean its alien creatures need to look silly or ho-hum .
Here are 10 low - budget alien spectaculars that blew our minds .
Advertisement
Some people interpreted last week 's top 10 list of silly alien prosthetics as hating on low - budget science fiction , or dissing the hard work of makeup artists — and that was definitely not the intention .
But when you 've seen the same few ideas crop up again and again , you tend to get a bit jaded .
For me , personally , Star Trek in the 1990s and early 2000s ruined me for boring humanoid aliens .
After the endless parade of people in vinyl pajamas , with different smushy bits of latex on their faces every week , I got rubber - nose fatigue .
There 's a lot to love about 1990s Trek — Deep Space Nine was frequently brilliant and prescient , and Voyager had some standout episodes — but the infinite assembly of silly faces was not one of the things I loved .
Advertisement
Oh , and the picture above is from Davosmith 's amazing Flickr set of Manchester 's Fab Cafe .
Here 's another image from the same set , featuring another one of the creatures on this list :
So here are ten aliens that were obviously done on a shoestring budget , but which absolutely knock your space boots off :
Advertisement
10 . The Daleks , on Doctor Who .
The evil genetically engineered cyborgs on Doctor Who are like mini-tanks with buzzing bee voices , and they scared the pants off generations of British ( and some American ) kids .
They 've had their ups and downs — if the first Dalek story you saw was " Day Of The Daleks , " " Destiny Of The Daleks , " " Remembrance Of The Daleks " or the recent one where they turn people into pigs and then dress in zoot suits , you wo n't understand what the fuss is about .
Watch " Genesis Of The Daleks " or " Dalek . "
( Before you jump on me in comments , I do like " Remembrance , " except the Daleks wobble horribly and look just decrepit . )
In their prime , though , the Daleks glide along , rasping with anger and pointing their terrible egg - whisk guns .
They 're utterly cheap — and horrifying .
And you only occasinally Runners up : debatable whether the Cybermen are aliens , but they do often look cool .
Also , the Draconians and Zygons make the rubber - mask thing look brilliant , and the Forest of Cheem also does n't look bad at all .
I also like the Slitheen , but only design - wise .
Advertisement
9 . The Aliens from The Arrival .
Directed by David " Pitch Black "
Twohy , this 1996 alien invasion film was probably made for three Snickers wrappers and a handful of arcade tokens — but I really love the look of these aliens , and they way they move on their weird satyr - ish horse legs .
Here 's a slinky alien transforming itself into a hawt babe , probably because it just watched Species .
Also , I love the flaps that cover up its brain , and how they undulate .
Nice stuff !
Advertisement
8. The Visitors from V .
They look human most of the time , but when we get the occasional glimpse of their real lizard faces under their human masks , it 's super - effective — as long as we do n't linger .
Here are a couple of choice moments .
I love Diana picking at the shreds of her human disguise , like they 're a scab ( at about 4:00 in the first video ) .
And the speech in the second video is the greatest thing ever :
7. Greedo and the other cantina aliens , in Star Wars .
Weirdly , later live - action Star Wars movies have never featured aliens that felt as interesting and lively as the first glimpse we got in that cantina scene .
Of course , we 've already exposited about our love for Greedo , but all of the quick glimpses of aliens in this scene have a liveliness that makes you feel like they 're each the star of a cool story .
Not bad for an underdog film with a tiny $ 8.5 million budget ( not much even in 1977 ) whose crew was busy trashing the set and making fun of the Wookiee costume .
Advertisement
Advertisement
6. The Jem 'Hadar in Star Trek : Deep Space 9 .
They actually jumped out at me when I was compiling pics for the post about silly - looking facial prosthetics last week — there was a picture of a Vorta surrounded by Jem ' Hadar troopers , and I had to crop the Jem ' Hadar out of the image , because they actually looked kind of cool .
Something about the way their prostheses work with their faces really feels realistic , and all of those scenes of them struggling with their addiction to ketracel white feel engaging rather than run -of - the - mill .
Runner up : Species 8472 in Voyager had some moments of genuine creepitude as well .
Advertisement
5. Black Oil in The X - Files .
A sentient alien virus that can live in hibernation for thousands of years , it appears as a liquid , not unlike crude oil .
But it can move on its own , and it 's sentient , and it can take people over .
There 's nothing cheaper than just having some black goo oozing around , and yet it 's completely convincing and compelling , and does n't feel like any life form you 've encountered on Earth .
Advertisement
Advertisement
4. The Aliens in District 9 .
Obviously , this movie 's still fresh in our minds , but the downtrodden aliens in the film look different than anything we 'd already seen .
Their twitching face - tentacles can't help grossing you out a bit , even as their big pleading eyes lay claim to your sympathy .
With a budget of around $ 30 million , this film is the equivalent of Star Wars or Alien back in the day — a low - budget film that succeeds thanks to a lot of inventiveness born of desperation .
And great storytelling , of course .
I almost left this film off the list , because we 've covered it so much lately , but it clearly belongs .
Advertisement
3. The Vorlon from Babylon 5 .
These energy - based life forms are among the First Ones , and inspire a quasi- religious awe among people who see them .
So its fitting that their headgear and robes look so alien and unfamiliar .
As Sheridan tells Kosh at one point , he can't even tell if it's the same Vorlon under all that covering , or different Vorlons in the same guise .
Advertisement
2 . The 456 , on Torchwood .
To me , this is the absolute best way to do an alien species on a budget .
Shroud it in toxic smoke — and mystery — and just show little glimpses of evil tentacles .
The way these creatures shriek and spatter the walls of their enclosure with alien puke will stick in your mind long after you 're done watching the miniseries " Children Of Earth . "
This official still is actually a better look at the 456 than we ever get in the actual television show — and even in this image , they 're somewhat indistinct and obscene looking .
They 're the perfect mixture of mysterious and disgusting , just right for aliens who want to molest your children .
Advertisement
1. The Xenomorph , from Alien .
The studio originally only wanted to give director Ridley Scott a $ 4.2 million budget , until he showed them storyboards and Mobius illustrations .
But , says Scott in a recent interview , " The [ revised ] budget started out at $ . 8.2 - million and ended up at 8.6 , which I think in those days was still relatively cheap .
We did n't have the money to do pretty well anything ...
But in a funny kind of way , you get very clever when there is very little money , because it makes you think . "
Scott had a stroke of luck when writer Dan O'Bannon took him aside and showed him H.R. Giger 's art " like he was showing me a dirty book , " and they brought in Giger to design — and sculpt — the alien costume and other alien artifacts .
But the other key , says Scott , was disguising the fact that this was still a man in a suit :
We started with a stunt man who was quite thin , but in the rubber suit he looked like the Michelin Man .
So my casting director said , ‘ I 've seen a guy in a pub in Soho who is about seven feet tall , has a tiny head and a tiny skinny body . '
So he brought Bolaji Bodejo to the office , and he was actually from Somalia , funnily enough , " Scott remarks , having much later directed BLACK HAWK DOWN , which was set in Somalia .
" I said , ‘ Do you want to be in movies , ' and he said sure .
And he became the alien .
I had him for two months .
In the cockpit , there 's a pack of cigarettes that says ‘ Bolaji . '
Thanks to Alan Bostick , Alasdair Stuart , Madeline Ashby , @ Nightwyrm on Twitter , Marlin May , Andrea Zanin , Melinda Adams , Rina Weisman , Micky Shirley , Susie Kameny , Greta Christina , Serene Vannoy , Rus McLaughlin , Minal Hajratwala , Annelise Ophelian , Seth Kaufman , David Fraser , and James Limbach for suggestions !
As I was reading regional transportation commissioner Martin Crilly 's report on TransLink 's 2010 10 - year plan , I thought to myself : " Finally , someone is telling the truth . "
Crilly 's review , which was released yesterday , noted that proposed cuts to transit under a base plan would not have been as drastic if TransLink had not expanded service and invested in capital projects that it knew to be unaffordable .
" These investments were made with the hope and expectation that senior governments would agree to bear a large portion of the operating costs , which they have not done , " he wrote .
Crilly added that this has reduced the productivity of the bus network and led to rising fares , undermining ridership .
He noted that the TransLink has forecast that the new Golden Ears Bridge and Canada Line will represent up to 12 percent of revenues by 2019 .
Crilly concluded that if the transportation authority misses the mark on inflation , interest rates , population growth , and other variables , there could be a shortfall of several hundred million dollars by 2019 .
He added , however , that the underlying economic assumptions are not unreasonable .
After years of propaganda from the federal , provincial , and many municipal politicians about their so - called concern for transit riders , I had begun to believe that there was no hope for honest talk .
Crilly has proven me wrong .
Sure , there have been exceptions over the years .
Burnaby mayor Derek Corrigan , Vancouver councillor David Cadman , and former Vancouver councillors Anne Roberts and Fred Bass tried without success to thwart some of the worst decisions .
Where else but in Metro Vancouver would transit planners build rapid - transit projects in areas with some of the lowest population densities in the region ?
Crilly noted that even TransLink has acknowledged that the slow process of urban densification will not lift ridership much by 2019 .
Former premier Glen Clark build a rapid - transit line , the Millennium Line , where hardly anyone lives .
Premier Gordon Campbell and the federal Liberals forced TransLink to build a rapid - transit line down Cambie Street to the airport and Richmond , which also have relatively low population densities .
Meanwhile , the Livable Region Strategic Plan called for the some of the greatest population increases to take place in the Tri-Cities area , which wo n't get an Evergreen Line for years because TransLink is running out of money .
These rotten rapid - transit decisions are going to cause economic decline because we 're not moving people or goods around the region nearly as efficiently as we might have had politicians paid attention to basic principles of transportation planning .
They listened to the salesman for these projects and their enablers , like the Vancouver Airport Authority , rather than acting with common sense .
The media , including the Globe and Mail and talk - show hosts , also bear some responsibility for failing to pay sufficient attention to the problem before it reached this point .
Crilly has blown the whistle -- albeit , in understated bureaucratic language .
But make no mistake .
People in this region have been sold a bill of goods for too many years .
And those who are responsible ought to be ashamed of themselves when they read his report .
All products linked here have been independently selected by our editors .
We may earn a commission on purchases , as described in our affiliate policy .
A reader emailed us recently with a million - dollar question .
Does good - quality , cheapish olive oil exist ?
She writes :
I was cooking something out of an Ina Garten cookbook and she always calls for ' good quality olive oil . '
Since I 'm on a college student budget , it 's not really practical for me to splurge at a luxury store .
I was standing at the supermarket , looking at a whole row of olive oil , wishing someone would tell me what brand to buy .
And so , our olive oil taste - test was born .
We tried nine olive oils — nothing over $ 20 per liter , with most bottles hugging the $ 10 price point .
Some of us chose the bread - dipping technique ; others believed a spoon was more official .
Potentially , there were some olive oil shots taken .
But defining " good " was tough .
On one end of the spectrum you have Ed , who willingly admits to being an olive oil wuss .
He likes them buttery and calm , while just about everyone else in the office craved the peppery , cough - inspiring , sharper flavors .
So we 'll refrain from judging Ed and just say , good olive oil is relative .
Which oils were mellow ?
More intense and spicy ?
The most like water ?
The results , after the jump .
Best Mellow Oil
Fairway ( $ 8.99 for 1 liter ) : The New York mini-chain of markets sells this as their in - house brand of straight - forward olive oil both online and in stores .
It 's smooth , soft , and pretty neutral .
If you 're in the Ed camp and can't handle the throat - grabbing intensity of peppery oils , this one will make you feel safe .
Good for cooking .
Best Bitter , But Not Crazy Bitter Oil
Goya ( $ 3.99 for 250 mL ) :
For those in favor of buttery olive oils ( aka Team Ed ) but are ready to branch out into the crazier world of bitter , more dramatic flavors , this would be a good place to start .
It 's not too spicy but still has a grassiness that gets your attention .
At first sharp , it eventually mellows out .
Good for bread dipping .
Best Bang for Buck
Trader Joe 's Spanish ( $ 7.49 for 1 liter ) : Spanish olive oils are usually a better value since the touted Italian olives can be marketed for more .
One of the cheapest oils we tasted , this Trader Joe 's Spanish EVOO — they sell a variety but admittedly , we fell for this pretty tree artwork — had a well - rounded flavor .
Earthy but not too bitter , it 'll leave your mouth slightly puckered — nothing too uncomfortable .
Good for salads .
Note : it was better than the Whole Foods 365 counterpart of Spanish EVOO .
Most Expensive And Just So-So
Colavita ( $ 5.29 for 250 mL ) : Buying the adorable mini bottle made this same like a decent bargain , but it was actually the priciest one per -mL we tried .
Though it had a nice , olive - rich taste ( always a good thing when you 're talking olive oils ) it was n't that exciting .
Nothing harsh to say here , it 's just not the best value .
Best Color
Target Brand Archer Farms ( $ 8.99 for 500 mL ) : Because you also eat with your eyes , this one wins for best shade of yellowish - green .
The less filtered quality makes it darker , hence more intriguing - looking than the other just yellowish oil - colored ones .
Best All - Around
Whole Foods 365 Organic ( $ 6.99 for 500 mL ) :
We all came together in support of this guy .
It has a nice sharpness up front with hints of bell pepper , but wo n't choke you with bitterness .
Dunk bread into this and go to town drizzling it over salads — this is a winner .
Least Memorable
Bertolli ( $ 8.99 for 500 mL ) :
As I type this , wait there is nothing to type .
Because it was that life - changing !
For all the fat in olive oil , you should at least walk away with a memory .
Maybe it 's fine for cooking , but bread - dipping ?
Eh .
Be skeptical of the actor dude 's Italian accent on those Bertolli commercials .
Most Like Water
Filippo Berio Extra Light Tasting Olive Oil ( $ 4.29 for 250 mL ) :
In all fairness , they warned us about the " extra light " part .
But why does it have to look so much like water ?
A pale yellow , slightly contaminated - looking water , but still .
Do you really contain olives ?
Really ?
C'mon , are you just corn oil playing a little game of pretend ?
The " tasting " part sounded good , but as one person noted , " it tastes like invisible . "
Um , So Nine Bottles of Leftover Olive Oil ?
What if , hypothetically speaking , there were still nine bottles of olive oil sitting in the SE headquarters kitchen ?
We could always go the boring route and stir - fry a boatload of vegetables , but that does n't sound that exciting .
A BYO Something to Deep - Fry party ?
Olive oil cakes ?
( This recipe for olive oil cake with orange marmalade looks mighty delicious . )
Holler if you have any other suggestions .
All products linked here have been independently selected by our editors .
We may earn a commission on purchases , as described in our affiliate policy .
Scientists from the Department of Biological Sciences and the Virginia Bioinformatics Institute ( VBI ) at Virginia Tech have developed a quantitative , mathematical model of DNA replication and cell division for the bacterium Caulobacter crescentus .
C. crescentus , an alpha - proteobacterium that inhabits freshwater , seawater and soils , is an ideal organism for genetic and computational biology studies due to the wealth of molecular information that has been accumulated by researchers .
It also plays a key role in global carbon cycling in its natural environment .
The researchers work will appear in the August 14 edition of PLoS Computational Biology .
The article is by Genetics , Bioinformatics , and Computational Biology graduate student Shenghua Li , research scientist Paul Brazhnik , Professor and Director of VBI 's Cyberinfrastructure Group Bruno Sobral , and University Distinguished Professor of Biological Sciences John Tyson .
The mathematical model described in the paper allows researchers to study and analyze the systems - level dynamics of the Caulobacter cell cycle , test hypotheses and suggest crucial new experiments .
" By careful examination of the large amount of experimental information available about the genes , proteins and biochemical reactions involved in regulating the cell division of C. crescentus , we have developed a good understanding of the mechanism of cell division in this organism and a realistic , quantitative mathematical model of the molecular machinery that oversees Caulobacter 's cell division cycle , " said John Tyson .
Caulobacter normally undergoes a cell cycle that produces two different types of offspring : a motile " swarmer cell " with a flagellum , a slender thread - like structure that allows the bacterium to swim , and an immobile " sessile stalked cell " that lacks a flagellum .
The two cell types undergo different development programs but share the same core molecular regulatory system that controls whether the cell commits to a new round of DNA synthesis and to the cell division process .
This regulatory core comprises three key proteins – DnaA , GcrA , and CtrA – that act as control points or master switches for DNA replication and cell division .
The new math model allows scientists to investigate how these proteins vary with time and their link to physiological events in both stalked and swarmer cells .
" Cells have some similarities to computers in the sense that they engage in information processing " , said Tyson .
" However , prokaryotic cells like Caulobacter have been somewhat neglected as information systems in studies by scientists .
While computers are precise , digital processors , cells are analog systems that operate for the most part in sloppy , watery environments .
Conveying instructions for DNA replication and cell division has profound consequences for a cell and needs to be done with considerable accuracy and precision and that 's one of the reasons why we want to be able to model the process . "
Tyson added : " We have been able to establish a wiring diagram that maps the essential regulatory steps for DNA replication and cell division in Caulobacter in a way that is similar to how you would define a computer process .
The model provides a rigorous account of the consequences of our hypotheses , which can be compared to experimental observations to test the model . "
With the model in place , the researchers confirmed that it correctly represents the sequence of physiological events that take place during cell division .
They were able to show in simulations that the model accurately describes how the different proteins change in quantity during the cell division cycle .
Taking this one step further , they were also able to simulate the impact of specific known mutations on cell function .
Mutant cells provide valuable information about how individual components of the cell cycle control system affect the features ( phenotype ) of cells .
Commented Tyson : " Our model allows you to perform quantitative predictions for novel mutants .
We have performed simulations of some novel mutants that to our knowledge have not been described in the scientific literature .
For example , the math model predicts that if the master regulator CtrA cannot be properly phosphorylated , which is a key step in the activation of CtrA , then the cell replicates its DNA but cannot divide .
It will grow very long and eventually die .
Specific predictions like this can test the reliability of the model .
A validated model can then be used to design new experiments by in silico simulations . "
The researchers have built a math model that allows for the study of how the protein components change with time .
Future versions of the model will also take into account the spatial localization of the proteins .
Said Bruno Sobral : " Caulobacter crescentus is a member of the alpha - proteobacteria , a group of diverse organisms whose members have successfully adopted different lifestyle and energy - yielding strategies over the course of evolution .
Caulobacter was also recently detected as a human pathogen , which makes its study directly relevant to human health .
Since many genes and mechanisms discovered in Caulobacter are evolutionarily conserved among the alpha - proteobacteria our computational model of cell replication may be applicable to other family members , in particular the causative agents of brucellosis in cattle and Rocky Mountain spotted fever in humans . "
Is Yahweh a Moral Monster ?
The New Atheists and Old Testament Ethics
Paul Copan
Philosophy and Ethics
Palm Beach Atlantic University
Palm Beach , Florida
The New Atheists and the Old Testament : A Brief Overview
Today's " new atheists " are not at all impressed with the moral credentials of the Old Testament ( OT ) God .
Oxonian Richard Dawkins thinks that Yahweh is truly a moral monster : " What makes my jaw drop is that people today should base their lives on such an appalling role model as Yahweh - and even worse , that they should bossily try to force the same evil monster ( whether fact or fiction ) on the rest of us . " [ 1 ]
Dawkins deems
God 's commanding Abraham to sacrifice Isaac to be " disgraceful " and tantamount to " child abuse and bullying . " [ 2 ]
Moreover , this God breaks into a " monumental rage whenever his chosen people flirted with a rival god , " resembling " nothing so much as sexual jealousy of the worst kind . " [ 3 ]
Add to this the killing of the Canaanites - an " ethnic cleansing " in which " bloodthirsty massacres " were carried out with " xenophobic relish . "
Joshua 's destruction of Jericho is " morally indistinguishable from Hitler 's invasion of Poland , or Saddam Hussein 's massacres of the Kurds and the Marsh Arabs . " [ 4 ]
To make matters worse , there is the " ubiquitous weirdness of the Bible . " [ 5 ]
Dawkins calls attention to the moral failures and hypocrisies of various biblical characters : a drunken Lot seduced by and engaging in sexual relations with his daughters ( Gen. 19:31 - 6 ) ; Abraham 's twice lying about his wife Sarah ( Gen. 12:18-19 ; 20:18 -19 ) ; Jephthah 's foolish vow that resulted in sacrificing his daughter as a burnt offering ( Judg. 11 ) ; and so on .
Another new atheist is Daniel Dennett .
He declares that the " Old Testament Jehovah " is simply a super - man who " could take sides in battles , and be both jealous and wrathful . "
He happens to be more forgiving and loving in the New Testament , but Dennett wonders how such a timeless God could act in time or answer prayer . [ 6 ]
Dennett adds , " Part of what makes Jehovah such a fascinating participant in stories of the Old Testament is His kinglike jealousy and pride , and His great appetite for praise and sacrifices .
But we have moved beyond this God ( have n't we ? ) . " [ 7 ]
He thanks heaven that those thinking blasphemy or adultery deserves capital punishment are a " dwindling minority . " [
8 ]
A third new atheist is Christopher Hitchens .
He voices similar complaints .
The forgotten Canaanites were " pitilessly driven out of their homes to make room for the ungrateful and mutinous children of Israel . " [ 9 ]
Moreover , the OT contains " a warrant for trafficking in humans , for ethnic cleansing , for slavery , for bride - price , and for indiscriminate massacre , but we are not bound by any of it because it was put together by crude , uncultured human animals . " [ 10 ]
Finally , there is Sam Harris .
In his Letter to a Christian Nation , he sets out to " demolish the intellectual and moral pretensions of Christianity in its most committed forms . " [ 11 ]
Harris boldly asserts that if the Bible is true , then we should be stoning people to death for heresy , adultery , homosexuality , worshiping graven images , and " other imaginary crimes . "
To put to death idolaters in our midst ( Deut. 13:6 , 8 - 15 ) reflects " God 's timeless wisdom . " [ 12 ]
In The End of Faith , Harris , referring to Deuteronomy 13:7 - 11 , notes that the consistent Bible - believer should stone his son or daughter if she comes home from a yoga class a devotee of Krishna .
Harris wryly quips that one the OT's " barbarisms " - stoning children for heresy -" has fallen out of fashion in our country . " [ 13 ]
Harris acknowledges that once we recognize that slaves are human beings who are equally capable of suffering and happiness , we 'll understand that it is " patently evil to own them and treat them like farm equipment . " [ 14 ]
A few pages later , Harris claims we can be good without God .
We do not need God or a Bible to tell us what 's right and what 's wrong .
We can know objective moral truths without " the existence of a lawgiving God , " [ 15 ] and we can judge Hitler to be morally reprehensible " without reference to scripture . " [ 16 ]
These are the charges made by the new atheists .
Are they fair representations ?
I shall argue that they are not .
Though certain OT texts present challenges and difficulties , navigating these waters is achievable with patient , nuanced attention given to the relevant OT texts , the ancient Near East ( ANE ) context , and the broader biblical canon .
A Nuanced Response to the New Atheists
The new atheists are certainly rhetorically effective , but I would contend that they have not handled the biblical texts with proper care , and they often draw conclusions that most Christians ( save the theonomistic sorts ) would repudiate .
And this judgment is not the refined result of some post - Enlightenment moral vision , but the biblical writers themselves point us toward a moral ideal , despite the presence of human sin and hard - heartedness .
These new atheists give the impression of not having the patience for careful , measured replies , yet this is exactly what is required .
John Barton warns that there can be no " simple route " to dealing with OT ethics . [ 17 ]
Bruce Birch considers OT ethics as something of a " patchwork quilt . " [ 18 ]
Thus , it calls for a more subtle and cautious approach than the new atheists take .
I hope to set in order some of this untidiness .
I have attempted elsewhere to address at a popular level various OT ethical questions - slavery , the Canaanite question , " harsh " moral codes and " strange " Levitical laws , Abraham 's offering Isaac , the imprecatory psalms , divine jealousy , divine egotism , and so forth . [ 19 ]
So I shall intentionally skip some of these specifics except for illustrative purposes .
My chief object is to outline a nuanced response to the new atheists ' charges in order to discern the powerful moral vision of the OT .
While acknowledging the drastically different mindset between ANE and modern societies , we can overcome a good deal of the force of the new atheists ' objections and discern the moral heart of the OT , which is a marked contrast to the new atheists ' portrayal .
Indeed , a number of the moral perspectives within the Law of Moses ( for example , laws regarding restitution or gleaning to aid the poor ) can offer insights for us moderns .
One more thing :
At the risk of overlap and potential repetition , I have tried to make subtle differentiations in my subpoints .
A . The Law of Moses is embedded in a larger biblical metanarrative that helps illuminate ethical ideals in ways that mere law - keeping cannot .
1. The Sinai legislation integrated into the broader Pentateuchal narrative .
In his Old Testament Story and Christian Ethics , Robin Parry points out the mistake of treating the Mosaic Law as a legal code while completely ignoring nonlegal narrative texts that surround it . [ 20 ]
The absence of such narratives is glaringly apparent in cuneiform ANE Mesopotamian law codes such as Hammurabi .
The Mosaic covenant ( Exod. 20 - Num. 10 ) is incorporated into the Pentateuch 's larger narrative of God 's dealings with the patriarchs and then the people of Israel .
Additionally , if Christ is the end of the Law , both its fulfillment and its terminus ( Rom. 10:4 ) , then we have an even wider canonical context available to assess OT ethical concerns .
We should not be deceived into thinking that the biblical narrative comes to a sudden halt at Sinai .
The Mosaic legislation is embedded in and surrounded by a broader narrative framework that continues after the Israelites move on from Sinai . [ 21 ]
This fact should inform our perspective on moral codes in the Pentateuch , as we shall see .
In other words , God instructs Israel not by laying down laws or principles but by telling stories of real people as they relate to their Creator and Covenant Maker .
2. Motive clauses rooted in history .
Also unlike the Code of Hammurabi and other Mesopotamian law codes are the various " motive clauses " in the Sinaitic legislation that ground divine commands in Yahweh 's historical activity .
For example , the first commandment with a promise is : " Honor your father and your mother , that your days may be long . . . " ( Exod. 20:12 ) .
Indeed , the prologue to the Decalogue affirms God 's saving activity in history : " I am the Lord your God , who brought you out of the land of Egypt , out of the house of slavery .
You shall have no other gods before Me " ( Exod. 20:2-3 ) .
Or , " Remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy . . . for in six days the Lord made heaven and earth . . . and rested on the Sabbath " ( Exod. 20:8-11 ) .
Such motive clauses would be most plausibly situated in Israel 's redemptive , storied setting . [ 22 ]
Israelites are commanded to imitate Yahweh , who acted in history and , in doing so , set a pattern for them .
By contrast , cuneiform laws such as Hammurabi are never motivated by historical events : " unlike biblical laws , no cuneiform law is ever motivated by reference to an historic event , a promise of well - being , or . . . a divine will . " [ 23 ]
In other ANE codes , the law is given by human kings and monitored by gods .
Unlike kingship in the ANE , Yahweh 's rule did not require an earthly human representative . [ 24 ]
Thus , within the biblical narrative , laws are personally revealed by Israel 's God .
There is an obvious apologetical point here :
God 's activity in history - particularly in Israel 's deliverance from slavery in Egypt - largely generates the motivation for Israel 's own treatment of slaves , foreigners , and the underprivileged within its borders .
Without this historical context , it is hard to account for such an emphasis .
3. Narrative moral insights and moral exemplars as more fundamental than legal codes .
Richard Hays writes of the NT that " the narratives are more fundamental than any secondary process of abstraction that seeks to distill their ethical import . " [ 25 ]
That is , we gain insight into , say , the more abstract commands or guidelines found in the New Testament ( for example , epistles or the Gospels ' teaching sections ) by observing what takes place in these historical narratives .
They serve as illustrative material for teaching sections .
Recently , Richard Burridge has forcefully argued this point :
The four Gospels present Jesus ' life and deeds , not merely his teachings , in the Greco - Roman genre of biographical narratives or " lives " - bioi or vitae - to inspire mimesis ( " imitation " ) in the reader . [ 26 ]
The same pertains to the Acts of the Apostles .
Evangelicals have tended to overlook theological themes embedded in its historical narrative , privileging the " clearer " theological instruction of the epistles .
However , as Craig Keener and Max Turner have noted , Luke is certainly attempting to give theological instruction throughout his Acts narrative . [ 27 ]
Likewise , OT historical narratives often present role models in action who make insightful moral judgments , show discernment , and exhibit integrity and passion for God-aside from the Prophets , the Psalms , and the Wisdom books , which also provide moral illumination .
According to John Barton , the OT ethical model incorporates the imitatio Dei , natural law , and obedience to God 's declared will , [ 28 ] and we see narrative undergirding and permeating each of these themes .
Brevard Childs observes that the Torah 's legal material is consistently intertwined with narrative , thus providing " a major commentary within scripture as to how these commands are seen to function . " [ 29 ]
Unlike the new atheists , we should not approach the Law of Moses as a holiness code detached from its broader narrative and canonical context - as though this legislation offers an ultimate ethic with nothing further to consider . [ 30 ]
And while Christians can rightly criticize negative moral exemplars and actions with the best of the new atheists , we should also recognize commendable characters and their virtues well - Abraham 's selflessness and generosity toward Lot ( Gen. 13 ) or Joseph 's moral integrity and sexual purity as well as his astonishing clemency towards treacherous , scheming brothers ( Gen. 39 , 45 , 50 ) .
Or consider race ( remember Dawkins 's " xenophobic " charge ) .
Yes , the Pentateuch 's legal code in places does differentiate between Israelite and non-Israelite slaves ( for example , Exod .
12:43 , where non-Israelites are not to partake in the Passover ) ; it grants remitting loans to Israelites but not to foreigners ( Deut. 15:3 ) ; it allows for exacting interest from a foreigner but not from a fellow Israelite ( Deut. 23:20 ) ; Moabites and Ammonites are excluded from the sanctuary ( Deut. 23:3 ) .[ 31 ]
To stop here , as the new atheists do , is to overlook the Pentateuch 's narrative indicating God 's concern for bringing blessing to all humanity ( Gen. 12:1 - 3 ) .
Even more fundamentally , human beings have been created in God 's image as co-rulers with God over creation ( Gen. 1:26 - 7 ; Ps. 8 ) - unlike the ANE mindset , in which the earthly king was the image - bearer of the gods .
The imago Dei establishes the fundamental equality of human beings , despite the ethnocentrism and practice of slavery within Israel .
Indeed , another Pentateuchal narrative , Numbers 12 , gives an insightful theological perspective about race .
Moses marries a black African woman - from Cush / Ethiopia , which was south of Egypt and under Egyptian control at that time .
The term " Cushite " is mentioned twice for emphasis .
Aaron and Miriam are very upset about this marital arrangement - perhaps a power struggle because a new person has entered into the circle of leadership .
Despite the objections by Moses ' siblings , Yahweh resoundingly approves of Moses ' marriage to a black woman , highlighting his approval by turning Miriam 's skin white ! [ 32 ]
As we move beyond the Pentateuch , the same themes continue .
Stories illustrate ethical living with role models who live wisely , show graciousness , and make remarkable sacrifices : three of David 's mighty men who exhibit loyalty and self - sacrifice , risking their lives to bring him water from Bethlehem ( 2 Sam. 23 ) ; David 's refusal even to touch Saul despite the opportunity ( 1 Sam. 24 ) ; Abigail 's wise handling of a troublesome situation ( 1 Sam. 25 ) ; and so forth .
These narratives also inform us that Israel 's kings , no matter how powerful , are not above God 's law : Nathan confronts David about his murder and adultery ( 2 Sam. 12 ) ; Elijah challenges
Ahab 's murder of Naboth ( 1 Kings 21 ) ; Uzziah is struck with leprosy for assuming priestly prerogatives ( 2 Chron. 26 ) .
And even more importantly , Israel 's story reveals a God who stoops and condescends , working faithfully to fulfill his promises despite his people 's faithlessness .
Their defiance is especially clear at the golden calf incident ( Exod .
32 ) .
Israel , whom Yahweh embraces as his covenant bride , cheats on him while still on the honeymoon !
Dennett 's charge of " jealousy " is misguided .
God responds out of hurt and anger - a reaction we should rightly expect when such betrayal takes place .
Yet God repeatedly " remembers " his covenant and his promises .
He helps Israel be fruitful and multiply , bringing blessing to the nations , delivering his people from slavery and death .
Yet we also see Yahweh 's consistency in carrying out his threats to do to Israel what he has done to other nations ( Num. 33:56 ; Josh . 23:15 ) .
As we read the OT narratives , we detect a clear Ethos ( a moral environment or atmosphere ) , as Eckart Otto affirms , rather than an Ethik ( mere moral prescriptions ) . [ 33 ]
These stories and role models in the OT canon remind us that lawcodes and rule - following are inadequate .
Rather , we see in them a spirit directing Israel to higher moral and spiritual ground .
4 . The dangers of moving from " is " to " ought . "
It is a commonplace that OT authors are reticent to make moral judgments in their stories . [ 34 ]
When the new atheists draw assume Scripture 's moral deficiency based on patriarchal trickery , Mosaic murder , or Davidic adultery , they miss the point of the text .
David , for instance , is not being portrayed as an exemplum but as a mixed moral bag - similar to Greek tragedies in which the hero has his deep flaws .
In John Barton 's words ,
David is not an exemplum but a person like ourselves , who illustrates the difficulties of the moral life not by what he teaches but by what he does and is .
. . .
The story of David handles human anger , lust , ambition , and disloyalty without ever commenting explicitly on these things but by telling its tale in such a way that the reader is obliged to look them in the face and to recognise his or her affinity with the characters in whom they are exemplified . [ 35 ]
We could add how OT narrative writers subtly " deconstruct " major characters such as Gideon or Solomon by exposing their questionable leadership qualities and their spiritual compromise . [ 36 ]
While the new atheists are correct in pointing out moral flaws and horrendous actions of OT characters , they often imply that " if it 's in the Bible , it must be approved by the author . "
Yet we see from 1 Corinthians 10 that many of Israel 's stories involving stubbornness , treachery , and ingratitude are vivid negative role models - ones to be avoided .
The OT's " is " does not amount to " ought . "
( Christopher Hitchens 's remarks about " the ungrateful and mutinous children of Israel " is quite right ! )
OT descriptions are not necessarily normative .
Moreover , the hero status given by the OT to Abraham , Moses , David ( and echoed in the NT ) is rooted not in their moral perfection but more so in their uncompromising dedication to the cause of Yahweh and their rugged trust in the promises of God rather than lapsing into the idolatry of many of their contemporaries . [ 37 ]
B . We must allow the OT ethical discussion to begin within an ANE setting , not a post - Enlightenment one .
1 . Taking into account the harsh , cruel conditions of the ANE .
According to Bruce Birch , we moderns encounter a certain barrier as we approach the subject of OT ethics .
Simply put , the ANE world is " totally alien " and " utterly unlike " our own social setting .
This world includes slavery , polygamy , war , patriarchal structures , kingship , ethnocentrism , and the like .
His advice is this :
Any treatment of the Hebrew Bible with regard to ethics , especially as an ethical resource to contemporary communities , must acknowledge the impediment created by the simple fact that these texts are rooted in a cultural context utterly unlike our own , with moral presuppositions and categories that are alien and in some cases repugnant to our modern sensibilities . [ 38 ]
The new atheists miss something significant here .
They assume that the ANE categories embedded within the Mosaic Law are the Bible 's moral pinnacle .
They are , instead , a springboard anticipating further development - or , perhaps more accurately - pointing us back toward the loftier moral ideals of Genesis 1 and 2 and even 12 .
These ideals affirm the image of God in each person , lifelong monogamous marriage , and God 's concern for the nations .
The implications from these foundational texts are monumental .
2. Incremental " humanizing " steps rather than a total overhaul of ANE cultural givens .
As I shall develop further below , we should not view the OT as offering an ideal ethic for all cultures across the ages .
Rather than attempt to morally justify all aspects of the Sinaitic legal code , we can affirm that God begins with an ancient people who have imbibed dehumanizing customs and social structures from their ANE context . [ 39 ]
Yet this God desires to draw them in and show them a better way :
if human beings are to be treated as real human beings who possess the power of choice , then the " better way " must come gradually .
Otherwise , they will exercise their freedom of choice and turn away from what they do not understand . [ 40 ]
To completely overthrow these imbedded ANE attitudes , replacing them with some post - Enlightenment ideal , utopian ethic would simply be overwhelming and in many ways difficult to grasp .
We can imagine a strong resistance to a complete societal overhaul .
Think of the difficulty of the West 's pressing for democracy in nations whose tribal / social and religious structures do not readily assimilate such ideals .
Or even if a structure like slavery is eradicated , this does not mean that the culture 's mindset will be changed along with it .
Consider how antebellum racial prejudice was not erased by abolition and the North 's victory over the South .
Prejudice would take new forms such as separate - but - equal ( Jim Crow ) laws and organizations like the Ku Klux Klan .
As Alden Thompson argues , God is incrementally " humanizing " ANE structures within Israel to diminish cruelty and elevate the status of , say , slaves and women - even if such customs are not fully eliminated . [ 41 ]
So when Joshua kills five Canaanite kings and hangs their corpses on trees all day ( Josh . 10:22 - 7 ) , we do not have to explain away or justify such a practice .
Rather , this reflects a less morally - refined condition .
Yet such texts remind us that , in the unfolding of his purposes , God can use heroes such as Joshua within their context and work out his redemptive purposes despite themselves .
Indeed , we see a God who endures much rebellion and moral decline throughout the time of the judges and during Israel 's monarchy , when idolatry was commonplace and religious reforms were rare .
Even later on when the Jews returned from Babylon , Nehemiah was properly appalled by Jews opening themselves up to idolatry by marrying foreign wives ( for example , Neh. 13 , esp. v. 25 ) .
Throughout the OT , we see a God who is actually quite patient as he seeks to woo and influence a stubborn , idol - prone people . [ 42 ]
God 's legislation is given to a less morally - mature culture that has imbibed the morally - inferior attitudes and sinful practices of the ANE .
According to Birch , we should acknowledge rather than ignore or downplay morally - objectionable practices and attitudes within Israel such as patriarchalism , slavery , ethnocentrism , and the like .
He adds a crucial point , however : none of these practices and attitudes is " without contrary witness " elsewhere in the OT . [ 43 ]
The new atheists gloss over any " contrary witness , " focusing only on the morally problematic .
However , closer examination reveals that Scripture itself ( rather than twenty - first - century critics ) has the resources to guide us regarding what is ideal and normative and what is temporary and sui generis in the Bible . [ 44 ]
John Goldingay urges us to appreciate the tension between the ideal and the actual - between the high standards God desires from his covenant people and the reality of dealing with a sinful , stubborn people in a covenant - unfriendly ANE environment .
3. Contrasting the moral improvements of the Mosaic Law to ANE law codes .
Certain collections of cuneiform law exist .
These include the laws of Ur - Nammu ( ca. 2100 BC , during the Third Dynasty of Ur ) ; the laws of Lipit - Ishtar ( ca. 1925 BC ) , who ruled the Sumerian city of Isin ; the ( Akkadian ) laws of Eshnunna ( ca. 1800 BC ) , a city one hundred miles north of Babylon ; the laws of Hammurabi ( 1750 BC ) ; and the Hittite laws ( 1650 - 1200 BC ) of Asia Minor . [ 45 ]
There are certainly many parallels and overlapping themes within the Mosaic law and various ANE law codes .
These include legislation regarding perjury and false witnesses ( cp. Deut. 19:16 - 21 ) , death penalty for murder ( cp. Exod. 21:12 ) , a husband 's payment for false accusation of adultery ( cp. Deut . 22:13 -19 ) , payment for injury to an ox while renting it ( cp. Exod. 22:14-15 ) , and so forth .
One of the laws of Eshnunna ( ? 53 ) is nearly identical to Exodus 21:35 : " If an ox gores an( other ) ox causing its death , both ox owners shall divide the price of the live ox and also the meat of the dead ox . "
Such similarities should not be surprising .
For instance , we observe that the book of Proverbs utilizes and adapts various sayings and maxims from the Egyptian Instruction of Amenemope . [ 46 ]
Another example of strong ANE influence is the structure of Deuteronomy as a covenant treaty between Yahweh and Israel ; this is patterned after second - millennium BC Hittite suzerainty treaties - with preamble , prologue , stipulations , blessings - curses , and witnesses .
Deuteronomy is markedly different in certain respects , though : Yahweh is described as a loving , gracious initiative - taking God , not a mere suzerain ; also , Yahweh is not the chief beneficiary of this covenant ( cp. Deut. 30:19 - 20 ) .
In all of these examples , no one is denying ANE cultural influence in the Mosaic Law , but we have no wholesale adoption either . [ 47 ]
How then does the Mosaic Law differ from ANE legal texts ?
We can observe general disparities between cuneiform laws versus biblical laws : ( 1 ) secular laws versus religious cultic - ceremonial ones ; ( 2 ) laws made by kings ( not gods ) versus laws from God mediated through Moses ; ( 3 ) laws to glorify kings versus laws to glorify God and to instruct ( torah = " instruction " ) people and shape a national character ; ( 4 ) laws reflecting king 's unlimited authority versus laws limiting the king 's authority ( for example , Deut . 17:14-20 ) ; ( 5 ) property crimes punishable by death if a thief cannot pay ( up to thirty - fold ) versus property crimes not being capital offenses but limited to five - fold restitution or indentured servitude ( not death ) for those who cannot pay ; ( 6 ) offenses against slaves as on the same level as property crimes ( for example , oxen ) versus offenses against slaves as persons of value ; ( 7 ) religious sins not typically capital offenses versus a number of religious sins as capital offenses - idolatry ( Deut. 13:6 - 9 ) , false prophecy ( Deut. 18:20 ) , sorcery ( Lev. 20:27 ) , blasphemy ( Lev. 24:10 - 23 ) , Sabbath violations ( Num. 15:32 - 6 ) .
We could also add that Israelite law is far more concerned about " the sanctity of life " than Mesopotamian law . [ 48 ]
Because of Yahweh 's covenant with Israel , laws intending to preserve both the family unit and Yahweh 's unique covenant / marriage relationship to Israel were paramount .
Thus their violation was a serious matter that would undermine Israel 's very identity .
What specific improvements could we highlight ?
Regarding slavery , Christopher Wright declares : " The slave [ in Israel ] was given human and legal rights unheard of in contemporary societies . " [ 49 ]
Mosaic legislation offered a radical advance for ANE cultures .
According to the Anchor Bible Dictionary , " We have in the Bible the first appeals in world literature to treat slaves as human beings for their own sake and not just in the interests of their masters . " [ 50 ]
Kidnapping a person to sell as a slave was punishable by death : " He who kidnaps a man , whether he sells him or he is found in his possession , shall surely be put to death " ( Exod. 21:16 ; see also 1 Tim. 1:10 ) .
This biblical prohibition presents a marked repudiation of the kidnapping of Africans that ushered in the era of more recent Western slavery .
Yet the new atheists seem given to blur any such distinctions .
While other ANE cultures may too have prohibited kidnapping , the Mosaic Law stands out in sharp moral contrast to their standard extradition treaties for , and harsh treatment of , runaway slaves .
Hammurabi called for the death penalty to those helping runaway slaves [ ? 16 ] ) . [ 51 ]
Israel , however , was to offer safe harbor to foreign runaway slaves ( Deut. 23:15 -16 ) .
Indeed ,
Hebrew slaves were to be granted release in the seventh year ( Lev. 29:35 - 43 ) - a notable improvement over other ANE law codes . [ 52 ]
Furthermore , masters had to release them from service with generous provisions , all conducted with the right attitude for the slave 's well - being as he enters into freedom : " Beware that there is no base thought in your heart . . . and your eye is hostile toward your poor brother " ( Deut. 15:9 ) .
The motivating reason for all of this is the fact " that you were a slave in the land of Egypt , and the Lord your God redeemed you ; therefore I command you this today " ( Deut .
15:12 -18 , esp. v. 15 ) .
The overriding goal in Deuteronomy 15 is that there be no slavery in the land at all ( vv. 4 , 11 ) .
Gordon McConville calls this " revolutionary . " [ 53 ]
Another marked improvement is in the release of injured slaves themselves ( Exod. 21:20 -1 ) .
This is in contrast to their masters merely being compensated , which is typical in the ANE codes .
Elsewhere in the OT , Job recognizes that he and his slaves have the same Maker and come from the same place - their mother 's womb ( Job. 31:15 ) .
Later in Amos ( 2:6 ; 8:6 ) , slavery is again repudiated .
Thus , Christopher Hitchens and Sam Harris notwithstanding , such improvements - or pointers back to Genesis 1:26 - 27 - can hardly be called " a warrant for trafficking in humans " or treating them " like farm equipment . "
We can mention the inferior sexual morality of the ANE .
We are familiar with the Canaanite qedeshot - the female and male cult prostitutes ( cp. Gen. 38:15 , 22-3 ; Deut .
23:18 - 19 ; also Hos. 4:14 ) .
A number of ANE cuneiform laws permitted activities that undermined the family 's integrity and stability by allowing men , for instance , to engage in adulterous relations with slaves and prostitutes .
The laws of Lipit - Ishtar of Lower Mesopotamia ( 1930 BC ) take for granted the practice of prostitution ( for example , ¶ ¶ 27 , 30 ) .
In Hittite law ( 1650 - 1500 BC ) , " If a father and son sleep with the same female slave or prostitute , it is not an offence " ( ¶194 ) .
Hittite law even permitted bestiality : " If a man has sexual relations with either a horse or a mule , it is not an offence " ( ¶200a ) . [ 54 ]
Not only do we find morally - inferior cuneiform legislation , but its attendant harsh , ruthless punishments .
Commenting on the brutal and harsh Code of Hammurabi , historian Paul Johnson observes : " These dreadful laws are notable for the ferocity of their physical punishments , in contrast to the restraint of the Mosaic Code and the enactments of Deuteronomy and Leviticus . " [ 55 ]
For instance , Hammurabi's code stresses the centrality of property whereas the laws in the " Book of the Covenant " ( Exod. 21 -23 ) consider crimes against persons to be far more weighty . [ 56 ]
For certain crimes , Hammurabi mandated that tongue , breast , hand , or ear be cut off ( ?? 192 , 194 , 195 , 205 ) . [ 57 ]
One punishment involved the accused 's being dragged around a field by cattle .
Babylon and Assyria ( as well as Sumer ) practiced the River Ordeal : when criminal evidence was inconclusive , the accused would be thrown into the river ; if he drowned , he was guilty ( the river god 's judgment ) , but if he survived , he was innocent and the accuser was guilty of false accusation . [ 58 ]
Besides punishments such as cutting off noses and ears , ancient Egyptian law permitted the beating of criminals ( for , say , perjury or libel ) with between one hundred and two hundred strokes . [ 59 ]
In fact , a one - hundred - stroke beating was the " mildest form of punishment . " [ 60 ]
Contrast this with Deuteronomy 25:1 - 3 , which sets a limit of forty strokes for a criminal : " He may beat him forty times but no more , so that he does not beat him with many more stripes than these . "
The reason ?
So that " your brother is not degraded in your eyes . "
Furthermore , in Babylonian or Hittite law , status or social rank determined the kind of sanctions for a particular crime whereas biblical law holds kings and priests and those of social rank to the same standards as the common person . [ 61 ]
The informed inhabitant of the ANE would have thought , " Quick , get me to Israel ! "
Our interlocutor might ask :
What about Scripture 's emphasis on lex talionis - an eye for an eye and a tooth for a tooth ?
Is this not a brutal retribution ?
First , an investigation of the Pentateuch 's lex talionis texts ( Exod . 21:23-5 ; Lev. 24:17 -22 ; Deut. 19:16 - 21 ) reveals that , except for capital punishment ( " life for life " ) , these are not taken literally .
None of the examples illustrating " an eye for an eye " calls for bodily mutilation , but rather just ( monetary ) compensation .
Brevard Childs comments on the uniqueness of this approach : " Thus the principle of lex talionis marked an important advance and was far from being a vestige from a primitive age . " [ 62 ]
Second , this principle served as useful guide for exacting proportional punishment and compensation ; this was designed to prevent blood feuds and disproportionate acts of retaliation .
4 . The increased complexity and stringency of Mosaic regulations in response to Israel 's disobedience .
The historian Tacitus ( AD 55 - 120 ) wrote of Rome : " The more corrupt the Republic , the more numerous the laws . " [ 63 ]
Consider how a rebellious child will often need external rules , severe deadlines , and close supervision to hold him over until ( hopefully ) an internal moral change takes place .
Rules , though a stop - gap measure , are hardly the ideal .
Something similar happens in the Pentateuch .
While the new atheists would consider the Mosaic Law to be ruthless and strict , there is an aspect to it that accommodates a morally - undeveloped ANE cultural mindset .
Another dimension of this harshness seems to be a response to the rebellious , covenant - breaking propensity of the Israelites .
John Sailhamer has argued that God at Sinai desired to have not some priestly elite as mediators , but all the people of Israel to approach him as priest - kings ( Exod .
19:6 ) God wished that the entire nation would come to meet him at the mountain .
but the people resisted this , pleading rather for Moses to go up in their stead .
Even so , God 's initial Sinai legislation was an uncomplicated code for the people ( Exod. 21 -23 ) - and another simple code for a priestly order that would now be formed ( Exod. 25-31:18 ) .
Yet in light of Aaron 's failure as high priest in the golden calf incident ( Exod. 32 ) and of the people 's worship of the goat idols ( Lev. 17:1 - 9 ) , God responded by clamping down and tightening the restrictions on the priests ( Exod. 35 - Lev. 16 ) and the Israelite community ( Lev. 17:10 - 26:46 ) , respectively .
He gave both groupings more severe and complex laws to follow . [ 64 ]
These strictures - a " yoke , " Peter called them , " which neither our fathers nor we have been able to bear " ( Acts 15:10 ) - were not God 's ideal .
Israel asked for it .
SINAI NARRATIVE : EXODUS 19 - LEVITICUS 26 [ 65 ]
Narrative Exodus 19:1 - 25 : Initiating a covenant with simple stipulations ,
God intends to meet with Israel on the mountain as a " kingdom of priests " ( v. 6 ) .
The people agree to it ( v. 8 ) but then refuse to draw near to God ( vv. 16-17 ) .
They tell Moses to represent them .
( Thus , a tabernacle and priesthood will be needed . )
The people 's fear is observed from a divine perspective .
Ten Commands Exodus 20:1 - 17 : The giving of the Decalogue ( Ten Commandments ) and Covenant Code ( Exod. 20:22-23:33 ) in response to the people 's fear .
Narrative Exodus 20:18 - 21 :
The people 's fear described as from their own perspective .
So the groundwork is being laid for a tabernacle ( Exod. 25 -31 ) - those who are " far off " must be brought near to God.
Covenant Code Exodus 20:22-23:33 : Idolatry prohibited and simple offerings of praise and sacrifice as the basis of Israel 's relationship with God , as in the patriarchal period .
Narrative Exodus 24 : The covenant reestablished at Sinai .
Priestly Code Exodus 25 - 31 : The tabernacle ( with priesthood ) providing for the people to meet with God. Narrative Exodus 32 - 34 :
The failure of Aaron / the priesthood in the golden calf event ( chap. 32 ) .
God shows grace and compassion ( chap. 33 ) , and the covenant is renewed ( chap. 34 ) .
Priestly Code
( Directed to the priests ) Exodus 35 - Leviticus 16 : More laws needed for the priests .
Narrative Leviticus 17:1 - 9 : The failure of the people , who worship the goat idols .
Holiness Code
( Directed to the people ) Leviticus 17:10 - 26:46 : More laws needed for the people .
The covenant is renewed again ; God says he will remember his people despite future disobedience ( Lev. 26 ) .
This scenario appears to be exactly what Jeremiah 7:2 suggests : " For in the day I brought them out of the land of Egypt , I did not speak to your fathers or command them concerning burnt offerings and sacrifices .
But this command I gave them , ' Obey my voice , and I will be your God , and you will be my people ; and you will walk in the way I will command you so that it would be well with you . "
Galatians 3:19 emphasizes much the same thing : " Why the Law then ?
It was added [ to the initial , simple covenant ] because of [ the people 's ] transgression . "
The Law - a temporary rather than permanent fixture - would give way to a new covenant under Christ ( Gal. 3:22 ) .
So , although Israel and all humankind still needed the redemption that would eventually come through Christ , God still desired a simpler form of worship with the entire nation of Israel as a kingdom of priests ( Exod. 19:6 ) .
Israel , however , would forfeit this for something much more severe and complex .
5 . Differing ethical demands for differing historical contexts in OT Israel 's history .
We can go beyond the Pentateuch , though , to survey the entire OT , observing the various ethical obligations that arise at each stage of Israel 's history .
John Goldingay 's Theological Diversity and the Authority of the Old Testament proves to be a helpful guide here , furnishing an illuminating study of the historical contexts or stages of Israel 's unfolding story and the different ethical responses each calls for .
These corresponding ethical responsibilities suggest that we not turn these particular required responses into timeless moral truths - even though the OT does furnish us with permanent moral insights as well .
Goldingay presents the very simple progression : Israel moved from being an ancestral wandering clan ( mishpachah [ Gen. 10:31 - 2 ] ) to a theocratic nation ( am [ Exod . 1:9 ; 3:7 ] or goy [ Gen. 12:2 ; Judg. 2:20 ] ) to a monarchy , institutional state , or kingdom ( mamlakah [ 1 Sam . 24:20 ; 1 Chron. 28:5 ] ) , then an afflicted remnant ( sheerith [ Jer. 42:4 ; Ezek. 5:10 ] ) , and finally a postexilic community / assembly of promise ( qahal [ Ezra 2:64 ; Neh. 13:1 ] ) .[ 66 ]
Along with these historical changes came differing ethical challenges .
For example , during the wandering clan stage , Abraham and the other patriarchs had only accidental or exceptional political involvements .
And even when Abraham had to rescue Lot after a raid ( Gen. 14 ) , he refused to profit from political benefactors .
Through a covenant - bond , Yahweh was the vulnerable patriarchs ' protector and supplier .
Then after Israel had to wait over four hundred years and undergo bondage in Egypt while the sin of the Amorites was building to full measure ( Gen. 15:16 ) , God delivered them out of slavery and provided a place for them to live as a nation - " a political entity with a place in the history books . "
Yahweh had now created a theocracy - a religious , social , and political environment in which Israel had to live .
Yet she needed to inhabit a land , which would include warfare .
So Yahweh fought on behalf of Israel while bringing just judgment upon a Canaanite culture that had sunk hopelessly below any hope of moral return ( with the rare exception of Rahab and her family ) - a situation quite unlike the time of the patriarchy .
Let me add a few more thoughts about warfare here .
First , Israel would not have been justified to attack the Canaanites without Yahweh 's explicit command .
Yahweh issued his command in light of a morally - sufficient reason - the incorrigible wickedness of Canaanite culture .
Second , the language of Deuteronomy 7:2 - 5 assumes that , despite Yahweh 's command to bring punishment to the Canaanites , they would not be obliterated - hence the warnings not to make political alliances or intermarry with them .
We see from this passage too that wiping out Canaanite religion was far more significant than wiping out the Canaanites themselves . [ 67 ]
Third , the " obliteration language " in Joshua ( for example , " he left no survivor " and " utterly destroyed all who breathed " [ 10:40 ] ) is clearly hyperbolic .
Consider how , despite such language , the text of Joshua itself assumes Canaanites still inhabit the land : " For if you ever go back and cling to the rest of these nations , these which remain among you , and intermarry with them , so that you associate with them and they with you , know with certainty that the Lord your God will not continue to drive these nations out from before you " ( 23:12 - 13 ) .
Joshua 9 - 12 utilizes the typical ANE 's literary conventions of warfare . [ 68 ]
Fourth , the crux of the issue this : if God exists , does he have any prerogatives over human life ?
The new atheists seem to think that if God existed , he should have a status no higher than any human being .
Thus , he has no right to take life as he determines .
Yet we should press home the monumental difference between God and ordinary human beings .
If God is the author of life , he is not obligated to give us seventy or eight years of life .
As philosopher Charles Taliaferro writes ,
If there is a robust sense in which the cosmos belongs to God , then God 's moral standing from the outset is radically unequal to ours .
. . .
Arguably our rights [ to , say , property or privacy or even life ] are at least hedged if the ownership of God is taken seriously .
Being thus beholden to God would not seem to entitle God to create beings solely to torment them , but if life is indeed a gift from God which no creature deserves . . . , then certain complaints about the created order may be checked . [ 69 ]
That being the case , he can take the lives of the Canaanites indirectly through Israel 's armies ( or directly , as he did when Sodom was destroyed in Genesis 19 ) according to his good purposes and morally sufficient reasons .
What then of " innocent women and children " ?
Keep in mind that when God destroyed Sodom , he was willing to spare the city if there were even ten innocent persons .
Not even ten could be found .
Given the moral depravity of the Canaanites , the women were far from innocent .
( Compare seduction of Israelite males by Midianite women in Numbers 25 . )
What then of the children ?
Death would be a mercy , as they would be ushered into the presence of God and spared the corrupting influences of a morally decadent culture .
But what of terrorized mothers trying to protect their innocent children while Israelite armies invade ?
Here , perhaps a just war analogy might help .
A cause might be morally justified ( for example , stopping the aggression of Hitler and Japan ) , even if innocent civilians might be killed - an unfortunate " collateral damage " that comes with such scenarios .
Furthermore , the infants and children who were killed by the Israelites would , in the afterlife , come to recognize God 's just purposes , despite the horrors and terrors of war .
They would side with God in the rightness of his purposes - even if it had meant temporary terror .
This is precisely what the apostle Paul said elsewhere : he considered his own hardships and suffering - which included being beaten , stoned , imprisoned , shipwrecked , and the like ( 2 Cor. 11:23 - 7 ) - to be " momentary , light affliction " in comparison to the " eternal weight of glory " that " surpasses them " ( 2 Cor. 4:17 ) .
Let 's turn back to Goldingay .
Enduring insights derived from the wandering clan stage include the commitments of mutual love and concern and the importance of reconciliation in overcoming conflict .
We see a people in between promise and fulfillment , dependent upon God who graciously initiated a covenant and then calls for full trust as he leads and guides through unforeseeable circumstances .
At the theocratic stage of Israel 's history , enduring insights include acknowledgment that any blessing and prosperity comes from the hand of God , not as a right but as the result of grace .
The people of God must place their confidence in God rather than themselves or their holy calling .
They must remember that " it is the rebellious nation that cannot exist in the world as the theocracy because of its sin . " [ 70 ]
These are an example of how Israel at different stages of development faces various challenges that require distinct responses .
However , the biblical narrative presents permanent insights for the people of God that rise above the historical particularities and the sui generis .
Goldingay , urges us to appreciate the tension between the ideal and the actual - between the high standards God desires from his covenant people and the reality of dealing with a sinful , stubborn people in a covenant - unfriendly ANE environment . [ 71 ]
C. The OT canon manifests a warm moral and spiritual tone as well as a redemptive spirit , urging national Israel toward a more noble ideal than is possible through legislature .
1. Distinguishing between the legal and the moral .
In most societies , laws are often pragmatic ; they stand as a compromise between the ideal and the enforceable .
Critics often make the mistake of confusing law - keeping with ethics .
To use contemporary categories , there is a difference between " positive law " and " natural law " ( or , " divine intent " ) .
The Mosaic Law is truly a moral improvement upon the surrounding ANE cultures - justifiably called " spiritual " and " good " ( Rom. 7:14 , 16 ) and reflective of Yahweh 's wisdom ( Deut. 6:5 -8 ) . [ 72 ]
Yet it is self - confessedly less than ideal .
Contrary to the new atheists ' assumptions , the Law is not the permanent and fixed theocratic standard for all nations , world without end , amen .
As Gordon Wenham indicates , the OT 's legal codes do not express " the ideals of the law - givers , but only the limits of their tolerance : if you do such and such , you will be punished . " [ 73 ]
Let us consider polygamy as an example :
Why did God not ban polygamy outright in favor of monogamy ?
Why allow a double standard for men who can take multiple wives while a woman can only have one husband ? [ 74 ]
For one thing , despite the practical problems of polygamy , Wenham suggests it was permitted perhaps because monogamy would have been difficult to enforce . [ 75 ]
Furthermore , the biblical writers " hoped for better behavior , " as the Pentateuch makes clear the ideal that existed at the very beginning ( Gen. 2:24 - note the singular " wife " as well as " father and mother " ) .
Indeed , Scripture regularly portrays polygamy as an undesirable marital arrangement , [ 76 ] and it warns the man most likely to be polygamous - the king : " He shall not multiply wives for himself , or else his heart will turn away " ( Deut. 17:17 ) .[ 77 ]
King Solomon in particular is guilty in this flagrant act of disobedience ( 1 Kings 11:3 ) .
And even if polygamy was tolerated ( and , we could add , divorce fairly easy to obtain ) , this does not negate the ideal of a husband and wife loving and cleaving to each other in a lifelong faithful monogamous relationship set forth at the beginning ( Gen. 2:24 ) . [ 78 ]
The mutuality of an exclusive marriage was the general expectation , [ 79 ] and this is precisely what Yahweh models with Israel ( cp. Hosea ; Jer. 3:18 ; Mal. 2:16 ) .
Biblical writers hope that God 's people will recognize and live by this ideal - and be aware that polygamy is a deviation from it .
2 . The " hardness of heart " and " forbearance " principles as insights into the status of much Mosaic legislation .
In Matthew 19 , Jesus sheds light on matters Mosaic when he comments that the Law tolerated morally inferior conditions because of the hardness of human hearts .
Jesus ' discussion of Deuteronomy 24:1 - 4 ( which deals with a certificate of divorce permitted under Moses ) marks moral progress that moves beyond the Mosaic ethic .
Jesus acknowledges Deuteronomy 24's limits to permitting divorce due to human hard - heartedness : " Because of your hardness of heart Moses permitted you to divorce your wives ; but from the beginning it has not been this way " ( Matt. 19:8 ) .
Jesus ' approach reminds us that there is a multilevel ethic that cautions against a monolithic , single - level approach that simply " parks " at Deuteronomy 24 and does not consider the redemptive component of this legislation .
The certificate of divorce was to protect the wife , who would , by necessity , have to remarry to come under the shelter of a husband to escape poverty and shame .
This law took into consideration the well - being of the wife , but it was not an ideal or absolute ethic .
The same can be said of God 's permitting a strong patriarchalism , slavery , polygamy , primogeniture laws , and warfare that were common within the ANE context : " Because of your hardness of heart Moses permitted slavery and patriarchy and warfare the like , but from the beginning it has not been this way . "
When challenged about matters Mosaic , Jesus would frequently point to the spirit or divinely - intended ideal toward which humans should strive . [ 80 ]
God 's condescension to the human condition in the Mosaic Law is an attempt to move Israel toward the ideal without being unrealistically optimistic .
Rather than banishing all evil social structures , Sinaitic legislation frequently deals with the practical facts of fallen human culture while pointing them to God 's greater designs for humanity . [ 81 ]
So on the obverse ( human ) side of the coin , we have the " hardness of heart " principle .
Yet on the reverse ( divine ) side , we have the " forbearance " principle , which is in place up to the Christ - event .
God in Christ " demonstrates His righteousness " though " in the forbearance of God He passed over the sins previously committed " ( Rom. 3:25 ) .
Likewise , Paul declares to the Athenians : " Therefore having overlooked the times of ignorance , God is now declaring to men that all people everywhere should repent , because
He has fixed a day in which
He will judge the world in righteousness through a Man whom He has appointed , having furnished proof to all men by raising Him from the dead " ( Acts 17:30 - 1 ) .
Both the hardness - of - heart and divine - forbearance principles go hand in hand , offering a corrective to the new atheist assumptions that OT legislation is the ideal .
3 . The " restraining " rather than " ideal " Mosaic legislation as part of Scripture 's redemptive movement and warm moral impulse .
The new atheists tend to view OT ethical considerations in a static manner - a one - size - fits - all legislation for all nations .
They fail to note the unfolding " redemptive - movement " of God 's self - revelation to his people even within the OT . [ 82 ]
As we read the Scriptures , we are regularly reminded of an advancing , though still - imperfect , ethic on the surface while various subterranean moral ideals ( for example , the divine image in all humans , lifelong monogamous marriage , and Yahweh 's concern for the nations ) continue to flow gently along .
Yahweh redirects his people morally , theologically , and spiritually to move beyond the mindset of surrounding cultures .
As we have seen , he does not , on the one hand , completely abolish ANE problematic , socially - accepted practices as slavery , polygamy , patriarchy , and the like .
On the other hand , Israel 's laws reveal a dramatic , humanizing improvement over the practices of the other ANE peoples .
Let us revisit the case of slavery , going into a bit more detail here .
Slavery is not prohibited outright .
There are certainly negative aspects to it such as the possibility of limited beating of slaves ( which , if severe , was punishable ) , the favoring of Israelite slaves over foreign slaves , and so forth .
Yet Mosaic legislation simultaneously expresses the hopeful goal of eradicating slavery - a theme of Deuteronomy 15 - while both diminishing the staying power of slavery in light of the exodus and controlling the institution of slavery in light of the practical fact that misfortune in a subsistence culture could reduce anyone to poverty and indebtedness . [ 83 ]
Indeed , God 's reminder to Israel of her own history exposes the reality of this institution as less - than - ideal .
God had redeemed Israel from slavery to become his people ( Exod. 20:7 ) , and his redemptive activity was to be a model for Israel 's conduct within society - however miserably she happened to fail at this : " You shall not wrong a stranger or oppress him , for you were strangers in the land of Egypt ( Exod. 22:21 ) .
Even more poignant is Exodus 23:9 : " You shall not oppress a stranger , since you yourselves know the feelings of a stranger , for you also were strangers in the land of Egypt . "
Indeed , the command to love a stranger as oneself is rooted in the fact that " you were aliens in the land of Egypt " ( Lev. 19:34 ) .
The new atheists overlook or avoid these strong undertones , which help sow the seeds of slavery 's own destruction .
What is more , the three main texts regarding slave legislation ( Exod. 21 ; Lev. 25 ; Deut. 15 ) reveal a morally - improved legislation as the text progresses .
Some might argue that these texts are hopelessly contradictory .
Christopher Wright ( in response to Gordon McConville ) persuasively contends , however , that we should give the final Pentateuchal editor (s ) the benefit of the doubt , who would certainly have been aware of these differences but kept all of these texts in place ; this suggests a possible reconciliation or rationale for doing so .
Wright sees Deuteronomy " modifying , extending , and to some extent reforming earlier laws , with additional explicit theological rationale and motivation . "
He goes so far as to say that while Exodus 21 emphasizes the humanness of slaves , even the ancient Israelite would recognize that Deuteronomy 15 was in tension with earlier legislation .
So , to obey Deuteronomy " necessarily meant no longer complying with Exodus . "
This point serves to illustrate the " living , historical and contextual nature of the growth of Scripture . " [ 84 ]
Reflecting upon the wider canonical framework reminds us that we should not focus on one single text alone .
Indeed , Genesis 1 - 2 remind us of God 's creational ideals that were clouded and distorted by human fallenness .
We have something of a parallel scenario in the patriarchal laws of primogeniture , which are subtly undermined in the OT .
Despite male - favoring Mosaic legislation at various points , we see another side in Numbers 27:1 - 11 .
The daughters of the deceased and sonless Zelophehad appeal to Moses against the male - favoring inheritance laws in light of women 's particular circumstances .
Moses takes this matter before Yahweh , and the daughters ' appeal is granted .
We see Yahweh 's willingness to adapt ANE structures when humans seek to change in light of a deeper moral insight and willingness to move toward the ideal .
Even earlier , various OT narratives subtly attack the laws of primogeniture as the younger regularly supersedes the elder ( Abel over Cain , Isaac over Ishmael , Jacob over Esau , Joseph / Judah over Reuben ) . [ 85 ]
In this biblical sampling , we have a subversive and more democratic ethic that , though not ideal and in places overlapping , is a drastic improvement over cuneiform law . [ 86 ]
When we get to the NT , Jesus - and we could add Paul - points us beyond a static interpretation of various OT requirements to the moral , redemptive spirit underlying the text .
He considers Sabbath laws in terms of what benefits humans ( Luke 13:14 - 16 ; John 7:22 - 4 ) .
He appeals to OT narratives such as David 's taking the priestly showbread when he and his men were hungry ( Mark 2:24 - 7 ) .
He observes that even priests " break " the Sabbath yet are exempt from censure ( Matt. 12:5 ; John 7:22 ) .
He emphasizes the inner condition of the heart over a strict kosher diet ( Mark 7:18 - 23 )
To sum up here , the Law of Moses contains seeds for moral growth and glimmers of light illuminating a clearer moral path .
Yes ,
God prohibits the worship of other gods and the fashioning of graven images , but the ultimate desire is that Yahweh 's people love him wholeheartedly .
Love cannot be reduced to the restraining influence of laws , and enjoying God 's presence is not identical to simply avoiding idols . [ 87 ]
4 . The seriousness of sin and the sovereign prerogatives of Yahweh .
Like Narnia 's Aslan , Yahweh , though gracious and compassionate ( Exod. 34:6 ) , is not to be trifled with .
The new atheists seem to resist the notion of Yahweh 's rightful prerogatives over humans precisely because they seem uncomfortable with the idea of judgment in any form . [ 88 ]
Yes , Yahweh begins with the thus - and - so - ness of life in the ANE , graciously accommodating a sinful people surrounded by sinful social structures in hopes of directing them towards the ideal . [ 89 ]
Deuteronomy regularly notes the radical sinfulness and stubbornness of Israel , not their moral superiority over other nations .
In 9:4- 13 , Yahweh reminds Israel that their inheriting the land is not by virtue of their own " righteousness " or " uprightness " but rather because of the other nations ' " wickedness . "
After all , Israel is " a stubborn people " - indeed , " rebellious " ever since they left Egypt .
God must reveal himself with holy firmness - at times , fierceness - to get the attention of these rebels , not to mention the surrounding nations .
The new atheists consider Yahweh to be impatient , jealous , and easily provoked .
In actual fact , God endures much rejection from his people .
God is often exasperated with and hurt by his people , asking , " What more was there to do for My vineyard [ Israel ] that I have not done in it ? " ( Isa. 5:4 ) .
Again : " How I have been hurt by their adulterous hearts which turned away from Me , and by their eyes which played the harlot after their idols " ( Ezek. 6:9 ) .
And again : " I have spread out My hands all day long to a rebellious people , who walk in the way which is not good , following their own thoughts , a people who continually provoke Me to My face " ( Isa. 65:2-3 ) .
Thus when Dawkins accuses God of breaking into a " monumental rage whenever his chosen people flirted with a rival god " - as " nothing so much as sexual jealousy of the worst kind " - he seems to show utter disregard for the significance of the marriage covenant - and , in particular , this unique bond between God and his people .
Israel had not simply " flirted " with rival gods , but had cohabited with them , going from one lover to another , " playing the harlot " ( cp. Ezek. 16 and 23 ) .
Hosea 's notable portrayal of Israel as a prostitute - not a mere flirt - is far more serious than Dawkins 's casual dismissal .
The appropriate response to adultery is anger and hurt .
When there is none , we rightly wonder how deeply and meaningfully committed to marriage one truly is .
5 . The repeated call to imitate Yahweh 's character and redemptive activity as capturing the OT 's ethical spirit and providing an abiding moral norm .
Brevard Childs remarks that OT ethics is not a mere cultural phenomenon of mimicking ANE cultures .
Rather , it offers judgments and wisdom based on the context of a divine - human covenant relationship and the human response to God 's character - an imitatio Dei . [ 90 ]
God 's holy character becomes a norm for Israel : " be holy , for I the Lord your God am holy " ( Lev. 19:2 ) .
In addition , his redemptive activity serves as a model for the people of Israel to follow : " He executes justice for the orphan and the widow , and shows
His love for the alien by giving him food and clothing .
So show your love for the alien , for you were aliens in the land of Egypt " ( Deut. 10:18 -19 ) .
Likewise , in Deuteronomy 24:18 , Yahweh tells his people : " But you shall remember that you were a slave in Egypt , and that the Lord your God redeemed you from there ; therefore I am commanding you to do this thing . "
This is the chief reason Israel was to show compassion to the poor , the stranger , the oppressed ; Israel was in a similar position while enslaved in Egypt , and Yahweh repeatedly reminds Israel of his partiality to the dispossessed . [ 91 ]
The model of Yahweh 's character and saving action is embedded within and surrounding Israel 's legislation .
This is what Christopher Wright calls a " compassionate drift " in the Law .
This drift cannot be reduced to a moral code , but involves something far deeper :
protection for the weak , especially those who lacked the natural protection of family and land ( namely , widows , orphans , Levites , immigrants and resident aliens ) ; justice for the poor ; impartiality in the courts ; generosity at harvest time and in general economic life ; respect for persons and property , even of an enemy ; sensitivity to the dignity even of the debtor ; special care for strangers and immigrants ; considerate treatment of the disabled ; prompt payment of wages earned by hired labour ; sensitivity over articles taken in pledge ; consideration for people in early marriage , or in bereavement ; even care for animals , domestic and wild , and for fruit trees .
. . . it would be well worth pausing with a Bible to read through the passages in the footnote , to feel the warm heartbeat of all this material . [ 92 ]
Along these lines , Mignon Jacobs notes an OT " theology of concern for the underprivileged . " [ 93 ]
Yahweh 's character and activity provide God 's people - indeed , all humanity - with a clear moral vision .
In their zealous preoccupation with the negative in OT ethics , the new atheists neglect this repeated undertone in the Law of Moses itself - Yahweh 's gracious , compassionate character and his saving action .
6 . The planned obsolescence of the Mosaic Law and its fulfillment in Christ .
A final consideration for our discussion is the self - confessed " planned obsolescence " for national Israel and the Mosaic Law .
Although Sinai makes significant advances over surrounding ANE cultures , the Law is not viewed as the final word .
A new covenant will come , in which the Law is written on the heart - a covenant bypassing the old one and incorporating the nations as the people of God ( for example , Jer. 31 ; Ezek. 36 - 7 ) .
In the words of N. T. Wright , " the Torah is given for a specific period of time , and is then set aside - not because it was a bad thing now happily abolished , but because it was a good thing whose purpose had now been accomplished . " [ 94 ]
Robin Parry reminds us that if we allow that the Christ - event is part of the plot line , then we are obligated to allow it " cast its significance back onto our understanding of earlier texts . " [ 95 ]
The broader canonical context of the NT sheds light on OT legal texts and further draws out the creational designs and the " compassionate drift " found in OT texts .
Yet we cannot forget that the Hebrew Scriptures themselves reveal a moral development and a dynamic ethical response to emerging situations .
( For instance , the killing of the Canaanites , which is limited to Joshua 's generation , stands in sharp contrast to Israel 's duty to " seek the welfare " of Babylon where it was exiled [ Jer. 29:7 ] . )
Again , in their own right , OT texts provide us with enduring , normative perspectives about human dignity and fallenness and with moral insights regarding justice , faithfulness , mercy , generosity , and the like .
Indeed , Christ is often reaffirming this by normatively citing OT texts about loving God and neighbor or calling Israel back to live by God 's creational designs rather than hardened hearts . [ 96 ]
However , given an enlarged canonical perspective , the OT anticipates a further work that God achieves in Christ .
Hebrews reminds us that he brings a " better " and more substantial fulfillment out of the OT's " shadows . "
He fully embodies humanity 's and Israel 's story .
So if we stop at OT texts without allowing Christ - the second Adam and the new , true Israel - to illuminate them , our reading and interpretation of the OT will be greatly impoverished .
Final Thoughts
I would like to draw a few strands together here by revisiting the comments of our " new atheist " friends .
A. Naturalism 's foundations cannot account for ethical normativity ; theism is better positioned to do so .
Though Dawkins accuses
Yahweh of being a moral monster , one wonders how Dawkins can launch any moral accusation .
This is utterly inconsistent with his total denial of evil and goodness elsewhere :
If the universe were just electrons and selfish genes , meaningless tragedies . . . are exactly what we should expect , along with equally meaningless good fortune .
Such a universe would be neither evil nor good in intention . . . .
The universe we observe has precisely the properties we should expect if there is , at bottom , no design , no purpose , no evil and no good , nothing but blind pitiless indifference . [ 97 ]
In The Devil 's Chaplain , he asserts : " Science has no methods for deciding what is ethical .
That is a matter for individuals and for society . " [ 98 ]
If science alone gives us knowledge , as Dawkins claims ( actually , this is scientism ) , then how can he deem Yahweh 's actions to be immoral ?
Furthermore , Sam Harris 's attempt to " demolish the intellectual and moral pretensions of Christianity " is quite ironic for a several reasons .
First , contrary to assertions by the new atheists , who view biblical theism as the enemy , it has historically served as a moral compass for Western civilization , despite a number of notable deviations from Jesus ' teaching across the centuries ( for example , the Crusades , Inquisition ) .
In fact , a number of recent works have made a strong case that biblical theism has served as a foundation for the West 's moral development . [ 99 ]
Second , despite the new atheists ' appeals to science , they ignore the profound influence of the Jewish - Christian worldview on the West 's scientific enterprise .
[ 100 ] Despite naturalists ' hijacking the foundations of science as their own , physicist Paul Davies sets forth the simple truth : " Science began as an outgrowth of theology , and all scientists , whether atheists or theists . . . accept an essentially theological worldview . " [ 101 ]
Third , the new atheists somehow gloss over the destructive atheistic ideologies that have led to far greater loss of human life within one century than " religion " ( let alone " Christendom " ) with its wars , Inquisitions , and witch trials .
Dinesh D'Souza notes this " indisputable fact " : " all the religions of the world put together have in 2,000 years not managed to kill as many people as have been killed in the name of atheism in the past few decades .
. . .
Atheism , not religion , is the real force behind the mass murders of history . " [ 102 ]
Fourth , while we can certainly agree with Harris that we can know objective moral truths " without reference to scripture , " we are left wondering how human value and dignity could emerge given naturalism 's valueless , mindless , materialist origins .
If , on the other hand , humans are made in the divine image and are morally constituted to reflect God in certain ways , then atheists as well as theists can recognize objective right and wrong and human dignity - without the assistance of special revelation ( Rom. 2:14 - 15 ) .
But the atheist is still left without a proper metaphysical context for affirming such moral dignity and responsibility .
And despite Harris 's claims , naturalism seems to be morally pretentious in claiming the moral high ground , though without any metaphysical basis for doing so .
No , biblical theism , with its emphasis on God 's creating humans in his image , is our best hope for grounding objective moral values and human dignity and worth . [ 103 ]
B . The new atheists ignore the sui generis status of Israel 's theocracy .
Dawkins is concerned about those who " bossily try to force the same evil monster ( whether fact or fiction ) on the rest of us . "
Those who scare Dawkins scare me as well .
Despite theonomists and Manifest Destiny Americans who may press for a " return to Christian America , " such positions are a misrepresentation of Scripture , which opposes any theocratic utopianism for Christians in this fallen world .
[ 104 ]
National Israel 's theocratic status , however , was unique , short - lived , and unrepeatable , and her political role and identity as God 's people in redemptive history came to a dramatic end in AD 70 .
[ 105 ]
An interethnic ( Jewish - Gentile ) community in Christ has emerged as the true Israel ( cp. Rom . 2:28 -9 ; 1 Pet. 2:9 ) .
For Dawkins , Hitchens , and Harris to assume that a consistent Christianity is essentially theocratic is out of touch with Scripture 's emphasis on Christians as resident aliens , whose ultimate citizenship is not of this world ( Phil. 3:20 ; 1 Pet. 2:11 ) .
The nonnationalistic , multiethnic church - the new Israel - is now called to live as salt and light in this world , revealing by lives of love , peacemaking , and unity that they are Christ 's disciples ( John 13:35 ) .
C. The new atheists wrongly assume that the OT presents an ideal ethic , while ignoring the OT 's redemptive spirit and creational ideals .
Despite Dawkins 's surprising hostility towards religious belief , he has something of a point when he mentions the " ubiquitous weirdness " of the OT .
Similarly , Hitchens refers to OT authors as " crude , uncultured human animals . "
The Christian can agree that aspects of the OT reflect a problematic and more - primitive ANE moral framework , which Israel had assimilated .
Rather than idealize it , though , we should look to certain fixed creational considerations such as the image of God and committed monogamous marriage to inform us as we navigate the OT 's challenging waters .
Genesis 1 - 2 undercuts ANE structures approving of racism , slavery , patriarchy , primogeniture , concubinage , prostitution , infant sacrifice , and the like .
So Harris 's claim that the OT represents " God 's timeless wisdom " is a gross misrepresentation .
While the Mosaic Law represents marked moral improvements over other ANE cultures , it still permits but regulates imbedded negative patterns due to the hardness of human hearts .
The new atheists repeatedly attack the biblical witness for what it does not endorse .
Christians can readily acknowledge that the OT text itself is not claiming an ideal or ultimate ethic .
So we can , with Daniel Dennett , " thank heaven " that those thinking blasphemy or adultery deserves capital punishment are a " dwindling minority . " [ 106 ]
For references to this article , click here .
What 's new in PHP V5.3 , Part 4 , Creating and using Phar archives
From the developerWorks archives
John Mertic
|
PHP V5.3 is scheduled to release soon .
This " What 's new in PHP V5.3 " series covers new and exciting features in this release .
Part 1 looks at the changes made to the object - oriented programming and object handling in PHP V5.3 , Part 2 looks at lambda functions and closures .
And in Part 3 , we look at namespaces , which is one of the most anticipated and the most debated feature in this release of PHP .
Here in Part 4 , we take a close look at Phar , which is an archive format that can be used within PHP .
It can be used to not only archive files but also to deliver and run an entire PHP application from a single file .
It can be used with PHP as an extension from the PECL repository , but will be an official extension of PHP in the upcoming V5.3 version .
This content is no longer being updated or maintained .
The full article is provided " as is " in a PDF file .
Given the rapid evolution of technology , some content , steps , or illustrations may have changed .
View PDF file
This may be a first .
George Vera , 25 , found one advantage in being an “ oversized ” male .
Vera was charged with possessing or selling unlabeled recordings .
However , at 500 pounds , he successfully hid a 9 mm handgun between the folds of his skin despite multiple searches .
He was then charged with possession of a firearm in a correctional facility .
Vera was arrested for selling compact discs out of the back of his SUV and his less than compact figure was searched three times without finding the gun .
This may explain a recent study indicating that heavier people live longer .
For the full story , click here .
Share this : Twitter
Reddit
Facebook
Email
Defending historical truth
Stalin ’s Terror of 1937 - 1938 : Political Genocide in the USSR , by Vadim Rogovin
By Andrea Peters
9 September 2009
The publication of the English - language edition of Stalin ’s Terror of 1937 - 1938 : Political Genocide in the USSR by the late Marxist historian and sociologist Vadim Rogovin is a major contribution to the study of the purges that wiped out the entire generation of Bolshevik leaders and socialist workers and intellectuals who led the October 1917 Revolution and created the Soviet Union .
The appearance of this work in English is all the more important given the extent to which contemporary American and British historians have ignored the political motivations and objectives which determined Stalin ’s actions between 1936 and 1939 .
Rogovin presents a compelling and uncompromisingly political interpretation of the Terror .
Stalin ’s aim , the author insists , was to eliminate all traces of the substantial Marxist - inspired socialist opposition to his bureaucratic regime .
Moreover , Stalin ’s fixation on Trotsky was not , Rogovin maintains , an incidental phenomenon that served little more than propaganda purposes .
Rather , Stalin perceived the exiled Trotsky as the most significant threat to his dictatorship .
He was the personification of a revolutionary program and tradition that the bureaucratic regime was determined to extirpate .
The living Trotsky , his active supporters around the world , and , however silent and repressed , his countless sympathizers within the Soviet Union constituted an opposition that Stalin found impossible to ignore .
As Rogovin demonstrates , Stalin carried out the physical destruction of not only the Bolshevik Party , but all those layers of Soviet society that had any attachment to the socialist traditions of the Russian Revolution .
Stalin ’s Terror of 1937 - 38 : Political Genocide in the USSR is the fifth volume in a seven - volume cycle that Vadim Rogovin wrote between 1990 and his death in 1998 at the age of 61 .
Rogovin ’s study of the Marxist opposition to the Stalinist betrayal of the October Revolution and its tragic fate is the extraordinary achievement of a man who may rightfully be judged the greatest Soviet historian of the post - Stalin era .
Rogovin ’s place in Soviet historiography is all the more remarkable given the fact that his work as a historian began only during the last decade of his life .
A doctor of philosophical sciences , from the late 1970s until his death in 1998 Rogovin held a position at the Institute of Sociology of the Russian Academy of Sciences in Moscow , where he was a prolific researcher and writer .
His work at the institute focused on what was known in Soviet parlance as the “ distribution problem ” — i.e. , social inequality — and its implications for social justice , labor productivity , and social morality in Soviet society .
Having worked earlier in the field of aesthetics and literary criticism , Rogovin turned to sociology to investigate , to the extent possible under conditions of police surveillance and censorship , the allocation of wealth and privileges in the Soviet Union .
This interest grew out of political conclusions he drew in the aftermath of Nikita Khrushchev ’s 1956 exposure of Stalin ’s crimes at the 20th Congress of the Soviet Communist Party .
Khrushchev ’s speech marked the beginning of a short - lived “ thaw ” that inspired an awakening for countless intellectuals and artists of Rogovin ’s generation .
Rogovin , whose grandfather was a victim of the purges , had never believed the official Soviet version of history that portrayed virtually all of Lenin ’s comrades in the leadership of the October Revolution , with the exception of Stalin , as traitors .
Taking advantage of the relatively more open climate of Khrushchev ’s thaw , Rogovin began searching for the real causes of the purges of the 1930s .
He managed to gain access to some of the writings of the Left Opposition that had been published during the debates of the 1920s .
He also noted a relationship between Stalin ’s repression and the growth of social inequality in the USSR .
This relationship , Rogovin concluded , was essential to understanding the nature of the Stalinist regime .
Based on a study of historical documents , Rogovin came to view the Left Opposition , which emerged in 1923 under the leadership of Trotsky , as a socialist alternative to the anti-egalitarianism of Stalin ’s bureaucratic regime .
Khrushchev ’s ouster from power in October 1964 ended the thaw .
The highly restrictive political and cultural climate of the Brezhnev era made Rogovin ’s investigation of these questions more difficult .
While principally occupied with his sociological work , he continued his private study of Soviet history .
But after Gorbachev ’s accession to power in 1985 and the beginning of glasnost ’ it became possible to speak and to write openly about Trotsky .
Rogovin began systematic work on the study of the Left Opposition , making use of long - suppressed documents that had become available .
As he neared completion of his first volume , Rogovin came into contact with the International Committee of the Fourth International , with which he maintained an extremely close dialog and political relationship until his death in 1998 .
Rogovin wrote his series when the collapse of the Soviet Union was resulting in a new wave of falsifications of Soviet history .
Many of the publications about Stalin ’s crimes that emerged in the USSR beginning in the late 1980s contained new distortions of the historical record and spurred the growth of a variety of reactionary political outlooks .
One of the forms this took , which was particularly dominant within the intelligentsia , was anti-Marxism .
Stalinism was equated with Bolshevism and the crimes of the former portrayed as the inevitable consequence of the latter .
Another form this took was virulent nationalism .
Many justified Stalin as the defender of the Great Russian nation and blamed the devastation of the country on the agenda of those hostile to the Great Russian people .
Rogovin was a conscious opponent of both of these perspectives , which gained him admirers both domestically and internationally .
However , his defense of Trotsky and his critical attitude towards the restoration of capitalism in the Soviet Union led to his effective ex-communication from the discipline of sociology .
In all the various writings that have been published in the former USSR about the history of Soviet sociology over the past 15 years , not a single one contains a mention of Rogovin ’s contributions .
Political Genocide in the USSR continues where the fourth volume in Rogovin ’s series , 1937 : Stalin ’s Year of Terror , leaves off .
It interweaves historical accounts and a variety of archival material to provide a compelling portrait of the third Moscow Trial .
It also assesses the impact of the purges on different segments of the population , and recounts the campaign waged internationally by Stalin against Trotsky and the Left Opposition during those years .
The book , which has been excellently translated by Frederick S. Choate , contains many valuable photographs , including several of Left oppositionists who have otherwise been erased from Soviet history .
The third Moscow Trial , which took place in March 1938 , was the final in a series of open trials that prosecuted principal figures within the Bolshevik Party and other leading members of the Soviet regime .
It was directed against the alleged crimes committed by the so - called “ Right - Trotskyist bloc . ”
On the defendants ’ bench were former Politburo members and Right Oppositionists Nikolai Bukharin and Alexei Rykov , former Left Oppositionists Nikolai Krestinsky , Arkady Rozengolts and Khristian Rakovsky , a group of Kremlin physicians accused of medical murders , and several others who held top positions in the state apparatus .
Rogovin discusses the different purposes of the trials .
In contrast to the previous two Moscow Trials , during the third Moscow Trial the alleged starting date of the Right - Trotskyist conspiracies was pushed back to as early as 1918 .
Thus , the supposed conspiracy against the Soviet people masterminded by Trotsky in alliance with agents from the West had been in existence since the very first days after the Revolution .
Stalin , in exposing all of this , thus appeared as the rescuer of the Soviet people from the clutches of these criminals .
Rogovin writes :
According to the material of the trial , the VKP ( b ) [ the Communist Party ] , the government , the Comintern , the Red Army and the GPU had all been headed for many years by conscious scoundrels , masked adherents of capitalism and fascism , venal hirelings of bourgeois intelligence services , provocateurs of the Tsarist secret police , and so forth .
Insofar as the profile of a political party is defined by its leaders and ideologists , then the Bolshevik Party was a kind of cesspool in which , from the moment it was founded , people wallowed who were capable of the most heinous crimes ( p. 109 ) .
One of the aims of the trial was to blame the enormous hardships suffered by the population over the course of the previous years — in particular , those that resulted from Stalin ’s brutal forced collectivization and rapid industrialization drives — on sabotage to the Soviet economy carried out by this far - reaching Right - Trotskyist conspiracy , supposedly at the behest of the German , Japanese , Polish , and English governments .
Rogovin notes :
After the last capitalist class , the kulaks , had been liquidated in the USSR , it became impossible to explain the burdens and deprivations endured by the people by referring to the intrigues of hostile class forces .…
However , the majority of the population in their everyday activity by no means felt “ life has become better , life has become more joyful , ” as was incessantly repeated by official propaganda .
Therefore , what was demanded was the shifting of the blame for a “ slowdown ” in the betterment of the people ’s welfare onto arch - villains and conspirators who were consciously destroying the fruits of the labor of the Soviet people …. ( p. 83 ) .
Rogovin points out , however , that despite the regime ’s intention to use the Moscow Trials for very definite political ends , when examined closely , some of the trial testimony actually revealed certain unpleasant truths about conditions in the country .
He documents some of the damning commentary made by defendants in their statements before the court .
One of the doctors accused of various political murders , for example , “ announced that Yagoda had once told him : ‘ the dissatisfaction with Stalin ’s leadership is growing throughout the land , ’ and ‘ there is hardly a single major establishment which does not have people sitting there who are dissatisfied with this leadership and who feel that it is necessary to remove it and replace it with other people ’ ” ( p. 76 ) .
Other defendants refused to corroborate the charges against them , despite having conceded to them in pre-trial torture sessions .
Paying special attention to the performances of Bukharin , Krestinsky and Rakovsky , Rogovin explains how these individuals created difficulties for prosecutor Andrei Vyshinsky by not adhering to the script they were supposed to follow , making comments that undermined the charges leveled against them or attempting in some way to defend themselves .
After examining their testimony , and the psychological and political considerations that drove their behavior , Rogovin documents their ultimate capitulation .
This material is both fascinating and painful , for it bears witness to the political and psychological shattering of individuals , many of whom were once great revolutionaries .
For example , Rogovin recounts Rakovsky ’s final statement to the court .
[ He ] spoke of his personal friendship with Trotsky which had spanned 34 years and lamented to the court only that the prosecutor ’s demand to deprive him of his freedom for 25 years did not correspond to the ‘ physiological limitations of the defendant who stands before you ” ( p. 101 ) .
All those accused at the trial were found guilty and immediately shot , with the exception of three defendants who received decades - long prison sentences .
In 1941 , they too were executed .
Rogovin explains that despite the fact that Leon Trotsky was thousands of miles from the courtroom , he was “ the main defendant . ”
His name was vilified hundreds of times “ in the questioning of the defendants , in the indictment speech , in Vyshinsky ’s speech , and in the court ’s sentence ” ( p. 79 ) .
“ Many aspects of the third trial can be correctly understood , ” argues Rogovin , “ only if one considers that the trial itself was part of a ruthless political struggle in which Stalin was continuously receiving devastating ideological blows from Trotsky ” ( p. 79 ) .
Here , as well as in other sections of the book , Rogovin examines Trotsky ’s systematic exposure of the charges made against him and the other defendants , noting that Stalin ’s response to each exposure was to concoct a new set of even more monstrous lies .
Rogovin goes on to underscore Trotsky ’s observation that the Moscow Trials were part of the process by which the bureaucratic apparatus , having become increasingly divorced from the social conquests of the Russian Revolution , concentrated ever greater power in its own hands .
The further removed Stalin ’s dictatorship grew from the aims of October 1917 , the more reliant it became on organized terror , false accusations and judicial frame - ups to defend its own position .
Developing a point initially made by Trotsky many decades ago , Rogovin argues that the third Moscow Trial created a debased intellectual atmosphere in which “ ‘ slander , baseness , denunciation and cowardliness ’ ” came to dominate ( p. 117 ) .
He insists that the cultural and moral damage done to Soviet society as a result were never overcome .
This fact is essential to understanding the nature of life in the country in the post - war period .
The attention that Rogovin gives to Trotsky ’s assessment of the Moscow Trials and his role in these events is of critical importance .
First , as was already noted , the political aims of the Terror — in particular , the stamping out any and all socialist opposition to Stalin ’s rule — are often denied , ignored or downplayed by much Western Sovietology written on the subject .
Second , to this day little to nothing is known within the broader population of the former Soviet Union about Trotsky ( who , unlike all other leading Bolsheviks who had been repressed , was never rehabilitated by the Communist Party ) and the grossly fabricated character of the charges made against him .
In addition to covering the events of the third Moscow Trial , Stalin ’s Terror of 1937 - 1938 : Political Genocide in the USSR goes on to document how the purges hit every layer of the ruling elite and Soviet society as a whole .
Over the course of a number of chapters , Rogovin details the fate of the Politburo , the Central Committee ( CC ) , the military , the secret police , the Komsomol ( the youth organization of the Community Party ) , the intelligentsia , the Communist International ( Comintern ) , and broader sections of the population .
The first chapters of the book deal with what were known as “ mass operations . ”
In 1937 , the June Plenum of the Central Committee gave the NKVD special powers so that it could carry out a Politburo decision to target “ anti-Soviet elements , ” starting in July of that year .
Kulaks returning from exile imposed during forced collectivization , all those affiliated with “ hostile ” political formations , and criminals were targeted for arrest and execution .
A vast extermination campaign resulted that swept up layers of the peasantry , many with direct and indirect ties to the socialist movement , key segments of the industrial working class , and entire ethnic groups — Koreans , Latvians , Poles , Finns , Estonians , Greeks , Iranians and many others .
This genocidal policy , which was both political and ethnic in character , victimized upwards of 400,000 people over the course of a single year .
Rogovin notes that that “ the reprisals were especially ferocious against communists who belonged to the given nationalities ” ( p. 10 ) .
The beheading of Soviet society extended into all layers of the ruling elite .
In recounting the fate of the Central Committee of the Bolshevik Party , Rogovin reports , for example : “ From the 1,996 delegates to the 17th Congress of the VKP ( b ) [ the Communist Party ] with deciding or advisory votes … 1,108 were arrested , of whom 848 were shot ” ( p. 190 ) .
The army fared no better .
“ As a result of the pre-war repressions the Red Army lost more military leaders of high rank than during all the years of the Second World War , ” Rogovin writes ( p. 199 ) .
The secret police and the Komsomol were also victimized .
Stalin paid special attention to the purging of the latter because of his concerns that revolutionary youth would be particularly receptive to oppositional sentiments and thus posed a particular threat to his rule .
Rogovin documents how Stalin and a close group of associates from the Politburo , namely Molotov , Kaganovich , Voroshilov and Yezhov , oversaw the purges .
The author presents extensive archival evidence and supporting material from the 20th Communist Party Congress detailing the central role that Stalin and these figures had in approving party expulsions , arrests and executions .
These sections are particularly important because this documentary record counters claims made by the revisionist school of Sovietology which , in varying ways , questioned and / or rejected the argument that the Great Purge was personally directed by Stalin and expressed his political will .
For example , Rogovin documents how Stalin and other Politburo members prepared and approved lists of individuals to be repressed .
Regular reports , which requested the go - ahead for arrests and executions , were sent from Yezhov to Stalin and his close associates .
These reports also contained accounts of the course of ongoing investigations .
Rogovin writes :
On such documents Stalin , Molotov and Kaganovich left instructions of the following kind : “ Beat , and beat some more . ”
When he received the testimony of the Old Bolshevik Beloborodov , Stalin sent the papers back to Yezhov with the instructions : “ Is n’t it time to put pressure on this gentleman and force him to tell of his filthy deed ?
After all , where is he : in prison or in a hotel ? ” ( p. 131 ) .
Giving the reader a sense of the scale of the physical destruction perpetrated by these individuals , Rogovin informs us , “ Eleven volumes of the lists , confirmed by members of the highest echelons of the party and state leadership , contain the names of 38,848 communists sentenced to be shot , and 5,449 sentenced to terms in prisons and camps ” ( p. 131 ) .
Rogovin pays particular attention to the crimes committed by Vyacheslav Molotov , whose brutality was widely known and who defended all of his actions until his very last day ( he lived until 1986 ) .
In particular , Rogovin directs the reader ’s attention to the political explanation that Molotov gave for his and Stalin ’s actions .
“ Stalin , in my opinion , pursued a very correct line : let an extra head fly off someone ’s shoulders , but let there by no vacillation during the war or after , ” Rogovin quotes Molotov as saying ( p. 141 ) .
Rogovin writes :
It follows from Molotov ’s words that the main motive for the mass terror was the fear of the ruling clique over the possible activation of oppositional forces during the war .
Endlessly repeating that if there had not been a purge , then “ arguments might have continued ” in the leadership of the party , Molotov declared that the very presence of such debates was dangerous and unwanted ( p. 141 ) .
Rogovin points out Stalin ’s murderous policies targeted the very bureaucracy that he had built up .
He argues that this expressed a “ fundamental contradiction ” in the consolidation of bureaucratic rule in the Soviet Union .
As soon as the repressions against [ the bureaucracy ’s ] recent comrades aroused confusion and protest among even the Stalinist - inclined section of the apparatus , Stalin made the decision to liquidate the entire ruling stratum in the form in which it had developed by 1937 , and to replace it with a new generation of people without a revolutionary past , without links to the tradition of Bolshevism .
Hence arose the fundamental contradiction of the Great Purge : almost all the former representatives of the ruling layer were exterminated , but the positions of this very layer , which became politically homogenous and fully subordinated to the will of the “ leader , ” became reinforced ( pp. 189-90 ) .
Rogovin pays a particular amount of attention to the question of the real moods and mass sentiments of the population .
He argues that , in general , there was a great deal of confusion and “ moral and psychological heterogeneity ” in the response to the purges among the broader populace .
Some of this stemmed from the fact that social layers with legitimate grievances and anger against ruling layers of the bureaucracy , such as a portion of the peasantry that had been brutalized during forced collectivization , thought they were witnessing the meting out of some form of justice for previous crimes .
But he also notes that there was significant and conscious political opposition , in the first place from among Trotskyists , but also among other social layers who retained an allegiance to Bolshevik traditions .
Thus , he writes about the case of the well - known Soviet physicist L.D. Landau , whose investigatory dossier included an anti-Stalinist leaflet beginning with the words :
“ The great cause of the October Revolution has been foully betrayed .
The nation is drowning in rivers of blood and filth . ”
It goes on to proclaim : “ Socialism remains only on the pages of newspapers which tell nothing but lies ” ( p. 267 ) .
The discussion of the fate of ordinary , rank - and file Trotskyist oppositionists is a particularly moving portion of the book .
In the chapter “ Oppositionists in the Camps , ” we hear the story of Tatiana Miagkova , who , after spending years under arrest , was ultimately sentenced to death .
She was executed because “ while in prison camp , she systematically established contact with imprisoned Trotskyists ; she maintained a hunger strike for six months ; and she expressed counter - revolutionary defeatist ideas ” ( p. 278 ) .
Alongside the text there are two poignant pictures of Miagkova ’s gentle face framed by blonde hair .
The later sections of the book address the impact of the Great Purge on the international communist movement , and , in particular , the brutal campaign against the Left Opposition throughout Europe .
Rogovin provides a political explanation for this assault on the Comintern and the international socialist movement .
He maintains that Stalin was driven by a need to protect the privileged position of the Soviet bureaucracy and its nationalist agenda against the interests of the international proletariat .
The ferocity of the persecution of the foreign communists was explained to a significant degree by Stalin ’s fear that socialist revolutions in other lands might arise outside of his control .
As a result , the center of the revolutionary movement might shift from Moscow , and the movement itself might end up under the leadership of the Fourth International ” ( p. 307 ) .
The final chapters of the book deal with Stalin ’s persecution of the Fourth International ( FI ) , the movement founded and led by Trotsky in opposition to Stalin .
Rogovin documents the assassination and / or suspicious death of leading figures within the FI , as well as others who defected from the Soviet Union in the late 1930s and established contact with the international Trotskyist movement .
He discusses the tragic fate of Ignatii Reiss , Walter Krivitsky , Erwin Wolf , Rudolph Klement , and most famously , Leon Sedov , Trotsky ’s son .
Rogovin devotes a significant amount of attention to some of the central political struggles that Trotsky waged at the time , in particular , his effort to simultaneously expose the counterrevolutionary policies of Stalin and defend the October Revolution against liberal critics .
Summarizing the socio-political consequences of the Terror , Rogovin writes :
The Great Purge was a gigantic redistribution of positions in the social structure of society and the regime .
Such a redistribution was determined most of all by the fact that the arrest of any highly - placed person immediately resulted in the upward movement of not one , but several people . (…)
As a result , the people promoted in 1937 - 1938 ended up in posts which could not have appeared in their dreams only a few years before .
And , since most often they were young and politically inexperienced people who were not inclined to deep thoughts , they could not help but approve of everything which was taking place in the country ; they sincerely praised Stalin , who had truly secured for them a better and more joyful life ( p. 287 ) .
Rogovin argues that this political genocide had lasting consequences , which are essential to understanding the ultimate dissolution of the USSR .
He writes : “ Therefore , despite the radical nature of the social turn - about that occurred at the end of the 1980s and beginning of the 1990s , in order to carry it out there was no need to smash the state machinery and replenish the personnel of the entire state apparatus from top to bottom , as usually happens during such social cataclysms , ” as this had already been accomplished decades prior ( pp. 192-93 ) .
Rogovin concludes the book with a final commentary about the distortion of Soviet history .
He notes that these falsifications , along with the Great Purge itself , “ profoundly deformed the social consciousness of the Soviet people , and drove millions of people away from the communist movement abroad . ”
Stalin ’s Terror of 1937 - 1938 : Political Genocide in the USSR is the most powerful exposure of the political motives behind the purges to be written by a Russian since the epochal work of Trotsky more than 70 years ago .
Prime Minister Kevin Rudd says he is not going to apologise for an incident in which he swore .
News Limited papers have reported Mr Rudd used several expletives during a tense conversation with some of his backbenchers .
The MPs were unhappy with the Federal Government 's decision to cut the printing allowance for politicians .
Mr Rudd says he does not regret his choice of words .
" It 's fair to say that consistent with the traditions of the Australian Labor Party , we 're given to robust conversations , " he said .
" I made my view absolutely clear - that is that these entitlements needed to be cut back , and I make no apology for either the content of my conversation or the robustness with which I expressed my views . "
Foreign Affairs Minister Stephen Smith played down the issue when speaking to Channel Nine .
" There 's as much chance of the Prime Minister swearing as you or I have sworn from time to time in the past , " he said .
" I would n't worry too much about that - all of us engage regrettably in that sort of language from time to time . "
I ’ve found myself in between two product launches .
From AMD we have today ’s announcement : the 3.4GHz Phenom II X4 965 Black Edition .
Priced at $ 245 , the 965 is a mere clock speed bump , but an important one .
It comes at the same price as this spring ’s Phenom II X4 955 Black Edition ; you get more performance at the same price .
Processor Clock Speed un-core Clock L2 Cache L3 Cache TDP Price AMD Phenom II X4 965 BE 3.4GHz 2.0GHz 2MB 6MB 140W $ 245 AMD Phenom II X4 955 BE 3.2GHz 2.0GHz 2MB 6MB 125W $ 245 AMD Phenom II X4 945 3.0GHz 2.0GHz 2MB 6MB 125W $ 225 AMD Phenom II X3 720 BE 2.8GHz 2.0GHz 1.5MB 6MB 95W $ 145 AMD Phenom II X2 550 BE 3.1GHz 2.0GHz 1MB 6MB 80W $ 105
It is also the highest clocked processor AMD has ever shipped ; K8 topped out at 3.2GHz and the original Phenom never went beyond 2.6GHz .
We 're also back up to a 140W TDP , something we have n't seen since the old Phenom 9950 went away .
With the 965 BE , AMD has simplified its product lineup .
The 800 series Phenom II X4 is gone , as are the DDR2 - only Phenom II X4 940 and 920 .
Most of the 700 series is also done with .
Yields are clearly improving and much of the die harvesting is clearly no longer necessary .
AMD ought to get rid of the Xn suffix and just use simple model numbers at this point .
For more information on the Phenom II architecture , see our launch article .
The second product launch is rumored to happen next month .
It ’s the introduction of Intel ’s Lynnfield processor .
The affordable Nehalem , available in both Core i5 and Core i7 flavors , promises to start at just $ 199 with motherboards in the low $ 100s .
Happy Birthday to Karina ( aka Fatimajo ) !
Here ’s hoping your birthday involves cake , alcohol , and / or alcohol - infused cake !
This is my fifth year of celebrating Karina ’s birthday – here are her other b- day toons : 1 – 2 – 3 – 4
Additional birthday greetings go out to : Diana , Mike , Shawna , Noa , Luv2 Fli2 , Vanessa , and AndyinSDCA !
Prior to 2000 , before Electronic Stability Control ( ESC ) one - third of all LTV fatalities occurred in rollovers .
LTV's are much more likely to roll over than passenger cars because of their higher CG .
SUV's have the highest rollover rate and rollover fatality rate .
Large trucks are probably most vulnerable to rollover because of their relatively high CG , particularly when loaded .
Experienced professional drivers are well aware of their potential instability .
Most rollovers occur when a driver loses control of a vehicle , and it begins to slide sideways .
When this happens , something can cause the vehicle to “ trip ” and cause it to roll over .
A few explanations could be a curb , guardrail , tree stump , or soft or no shoulder on the side of the road .
When the driver tries to turn a vehicle too forcefully and at a high rate of speed or with a tight turning radius , frictional force between the tires and road surface can cause the vehicle to tip up and then roll over .
Many rollovers are single - vehicle crashes .
A collision may precipitate a rollover by initiating the rolling motion too fast or causing the vehicles to be redirected sideways , such as in a t- bone .
Roof crush in rollovers is caused by weak roof pillars and windshield header that are not strong enough to hold up the weight of the vehicle as it hits the ground , so it intrudes into the occupant space .
In rollovers , roof crush causes side window failures creating ejection portals for occupants to be thrown from the vehicle .
The largest number of casualties in rollovers is from ejection .
Roof crush also causes a significant number of head and neck injuries , typically the most severe consequences of rollovers .
NHTSA Defines the Scope and Purpose of the FMVSS 216 Roof Crush Resistance Compliance Test :
Scope :
This standard establishes strength requirements for the passenger compartment roof .
This standard establishes strength requirements for the passenger compartment roof .
Purpose :
The purpose of this standard is to reduce deaths and injuries due to the crushing of the roof into the occupant compartment in rollover crashes .
The U.S. , European and Australian NCAP and the IIHS produce ratings of new vehicle performance based on dynamic crash tests in frontal , side and rear crashes , and vehicle handling tests .
No dynamic - based crashworthiness ratings exist to date for new vehicle performance based on rollover crashes .
There is no rating for rollover occupant protection , a crash mode responsible for one - third of all light vehicle occupant fatalities .
NHTSA has upgraded the roof crush requirements for new cars , but the time is overdue for an NCAP rating on rollover survivability .
FMVSS 216/216A : Safercar.gov publishes “ star ratings ” of U.S. vehicles in all accident modes .
The rollover ratings are based on an SSF .
The SSF of a vehicle is an at - rest calculation of its rollover resistance based on its most important geometric properties .
The SSF is a measure of how top - heavy vehicle is .
The SSF only tells you how likely it is for the vehicle to rollover , NOT how well the vehicle structure will hold up if it does roll !
A vehicle 's SSF is calculated using the formula SSF = T /2H , where T is the “ Track Width “ and H is the “ Height of the CG . ”
The track width is the distance between the centers of the right and left tires along the axle .
The location of the CG is measured in a laboratory represents the height above the ground of the vehicle 's mass .
The lower the SSF number , the more likely the vehicle is to roll over in a single - vehicle crash .
Pat Delahanty ( right ) , KCADP ’s executive director , was quoted in an article in the Sept. 23 LEO Weekly about Shawn Windsor .
On Dec. 27 , 2003 , Windsor killed his estranged wife , Betty Jean Windsor , and their 8 - year - old son , Corey .
Before his trial , in October 2006 , Windsor tried to commit suicide by overdosing on antidepressants .
From Sarah Kelley ’s “ A Life and Death Decision “ :
Five days after the suicide attempt , Jefferson County Circuit Judge Martin McDonald conducted a hearing to determine whether Windsor–still being treated at University Hospital –was competent to proceed .
The judge weighed the disparate views of two mental health experts , and the following day declared that although Windsor might not be “ firing on all cylinders , ” he was competent enough under state law to go forward with his capital case .
A few days later , Windsor appeared in court and — ignoring the advice of defense attorneys — told the judge he wished to waive a jury trial , plead guilty to the murders and be executed .
Three years later , Windsor is appealing his death sentence to the Kentucky Supreme Court .
Kelley spoke with Delahanty about his–and KCADP ’s–position on this case :
At a minimum , he [ David Niehaus , the Louisville public defender representing Windsor ] argues , Windsor should be re-sentenced because his mental state was not thoroughly investigated , pointing out that [ Marco ] Chapman — who did not attempt suicide — was granted three competency evaluations , whereas his client underwent only one .
It ’s a sentiment shared by the Rev. Patrick Delahanty , executive director of the Kentucky Coalition to Abolish the Death Penalty , who believes the state should make every attempt to determine whether a defendant is competent .
“ If his intent at the time was to die and he took advantage of the state ’s willingness to do that , it ’s a public policy gone completely awry , ” he says .
“ Obviously , in our opinion the death penalty is never warranted .
But regardless of whether you agree or disagree on that , it clearly should not be up to the person who committed the crime to determine the penalty . ”
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
More
LinkedIn
Pinterest
Tumblr
Reddit
Email
Print
Project Virtual Library is the place where you can read over 10,000 free ebooks .
We carry high quality ebooks :
Our ebooks were previously published by bona fide publishers and digitized by us with the help of thousands of volunteers .
No fee or registration is required , but if you find our Project , we kindly ask you to donate a small amount so we can buy and digitize more books .
Other ways to help include digitizing more books , recording audio books , or reporting errors .
Our ebooks are free in the United States because their copyright has expired .
They may not be free of copyright in other countries .
Readers outside of the United States must check the copyright laws of their countries before downloading or redistributing our ebooks .
The man who drew international attention by bringing an assault rifle to President Barack Obama 's rally on Monday is a Phoenix resident with ties to several anti-government or Nativist groups .
The man , who until now has been identified only as " Chris B , " is actually 28 - year - old Christopher Broughton , a former employee of a Tempe plastic - mold manufacturer .
Broughton said he was n't seeking any personal celebrity by arming himself and strolling through crowds of Obama supporters .
" I want attention brought to the ideas that I espouse , " Broughton told The Arizona Republic , which confirmed his identity through relatives and former co-workers on Friday .
" I do n't think the political process works anymore .
It is done .
. . .
This government is the most corrupt Mafioso on the face of the Earth . "
Broughton , who reluctantly acknowledged that he was the gun-toting Chris B. , shares membership in the same right - wing group as William Kostric , the man who brought a handgun to an Obama rally in New Hampshire last week .
Broughton and Kostric are both listed as " team members " of the Arizona chapter of We the People Foundation , which calls for " resistance . . . against unconstitutional or illegal behavior by government officials . "
In New Hampshire , Kostric stood outside the Obama town - hall meeting with a gun strapped to his thigh , holding a sign proclaiming , " It is time to water the tree of liberty , " a reference to Thomas Jefferson 's famous call for vigilance : " The tree of liberty must be refreshed from time to time with the blood of tyrants and patriots . "
Broughton said the two armed protests were not connected .
Broughton said the rifle he brought to the Phoenix rally , a loaded AR - 15 , is a symbol of resistance , the modern - day equivalent of a pitchfork that citizens once took up in opposition to oppressive political leaders .
" It 's as simple as this .
The people who support government , the ones who like government , they are using government like a weapon , " he said .
" The government continues to take over more and more things . "
Property records show that Broughton was born in Ohio and lived in Cleveland before moving to Phoenix in 2004 .
In March , Broughton bought a home in southeast Phoenix near 44th Street and Southern Avenue .
Court records show that he was divorced in 2007 .
Although he is African - American , Broughton said race is not a factor in his beliefs .
He said during the rally several people told him that he should be supporting Obama because he is Black .
He called the idea preposterous .
" I am an American .
The color of my skin should n't even matter . "
He said he belongs to several groups that have anti-government leanings .
While critics warn many of those groups involve individuals tied to White supremacist activities , he said he has never felt unwelcome .
Broughton 's appearance at the rally was part of a publicity stunt organized by Ernest Hancock , a well - known Arizona Libertarian and host of conservative talk radio show " Declare Your Independence with Ernest Hancock . "
Hancock also came to the rally armed .
The two , who worked together on the presidential campaign of Rep. Ron Paul , R - Texas , engaged in a staged interview that was later broadcast on YouTube .
In several media interviews following the rally , including CNN , Broughton refused to identify himself by last name .
" I do n't want to be Joe the Plumber , " he said .
" I do n't want to be famous . "
Here ’s a quick piece about libel that I bashed out on request for CiF , covers ground you ’ll have read before but it ’s always good to keep libel alive in peoples ’ minds .
I should also say , I think I was in a bit of a mopey mood when I emailed it from the rail replacement bus on Sunday , it ’s obviously great that the Lib Dems support libel law reform .
Ben Goldacre , Monday 21 September 2009 , guardian.co.uk
I ’ve never tried to understand how political parties work – it ’s never seemed like a worthwhile use of time – but the Liberal Democrats certainly gave us a friendly hearing in a fringe meeting at their conference yesterday .
We also contributed some celebrity spice in the form of Richard Dawkins giving an amendment speech on the main platform , and after a successful vote , it is now a formal part of Lib Dem policy to move for a change in our libel laws .
The Americans , of course , are beating us to it , already discussing specific legislative changes to prevent British rulings from being enforcable outside of this country , and recognising that our law on defamation is an international menace .
When we should be defending free speech , consumer protection and investigative reporting , instead we allowed a failing Icelandic bank to silence criticisms and warnings from a Danish newspaper : an Icelandic company , suing Danes , in London , for something they wrote and published in a foreign land .
Even in the cartoon South Park , as Nick Cohen pointed out , when Tom Cruise was shouting at the press , he did n’t shout , “ I ’m gonna sue you , ” he shouted , “ I ’m gonna sue you … in England . ”
At our fringe meeting , Simon Singh spoke about his own case , which is now gratifyingly well known , even if he loses .
Singh wrote a piece critical of chiropractors in the Guardian which included a single sentence in which he accidentally implied – one might argue , on a tenuous reading – that the British Chiropractic Association was deliberately misleading the public .
This is a meaning Singh never intended , and so far the case has cost him £ 100,000 personally to defend .
This case is not important because chiropractors are important .
Medicine is a sinister business , because it is possible – quite accidentally – to do great harm , even when you intend to do good .
This is why all medical practices and ideas must be subjected to free and intense critical scrutiny , and that is a process you can see in any medical journal , at any hospital journal club and in any scientific conference , where academic presenters frequently find their claims being attacked in an extremely direct and uncompromising fashion .
This is not incidental , and it is not merely tolerated : this is the core of medicine and science , but our draconian and unpredictable libel laws mean that even when people strive to be even - handed , these vital critical discussions are conducted in an atmosphere of fear and uncertainty .
Examples abound .
Peter Wilmshurst is a medical academic who is currently defending himself against a charge of libel brought in London by a US company over comments he made to an US journalist working for a US publication about a US trial he was involved in .
He expressed concerns about what he regards as inconsistencies in the data , and has raised the possibility that the medical technique being studied may not have been successful in some cases .
He is defending himself single - handedly , risking his family ’s home and livelihood in standing up to this company , after the Medical Defence Union declined to support him .
Readers of the Bad Science column may remember the case of Matthias Rath , a German vitamin pill salesman who unsuccessfully sued the Guardian and me personally over articles that criticised his full - page newspaper adverts in South Africa , in which he claimed that antiretroviral medications were a conspiracy by the pharmaceutical industry to kill people , and claimed that vitamin pills were the answer to the Aids epidemic .
The case cost hundreds of thousands of pounds and 18 months to defend .
Individuals may be less able to defend themselves .
Various websites have had their criticisms silenced by legal threats from Gillian McKeith , the millionaire holistic therapist .
The Society of Homeopaths , when troubled by criticisms of their regulatory practices on Dr Andy Lewis ’s Quackometer website , threatened his webhosts , who had no interest in mounting a defence and caved in immediately .
Professor David Colquhoun ’s website is an exemplary example of an academic scientist engaging directly with the public , unpaid , enthusing people interactively about everything science stands for .
When he made instructive criticisms of the evidence for claims made by a herbal pill entrepreneur , UCL received libel threats , and Colquhoun was asked to remove his website from the university ’s servers .
I could go on .
But the examples spread beyond medicine .
Individuals must be able to describe and criticise the actions of the powerful , because that is how free societies work , but as Nick Cohen pointed out today , wealthy men and wealthy institutions are able to use Britain as a way of stopping criticisms anywhere in the world :
You ’d expect libel law to be about protecting good reputations but the British courts allow people who are borderline criminals , the classic case being Robert Maxwell .
What we do in our own country should be up to us .
It is a national disgrace that people in a Ukrainian newspaper should wake up to find that they are being sued in the UK over something they published in Kiev .
This is what we discussed at our fringe meeting , and this is also roughly what Dawkins said , in four - minute form , in his successful slot on the main stage .
While I recognise my own inner world holds little interest for anyone else , I ’ve been specifically asked by Cif to mention what I thought about the Lib Dems , and whether we welcome their support .
Obviously it ’s great that they passed this amendment .
But in all honesty , however childish it sounds , I view politics as a tedious and impenetrable world of soul - destroying compromise populated by individuals too ambitious to speak clearly on issues of any importance , while generally defending the interests of the new wealthy friends they make while in power .
If computer programming analogies are acceptable in a Cif post , our libel laws disproportionately benefit rich and powerful people , and I regard this as a feature , not a bug , so I have no faith that anyone in power will ever do anything about it .
Client : “ In the future , I ’d prefer not to pay you to make websites for me .
I ’ve seen what you do , and I think it ’s pretty easy .
Can you just teach me how to do your web stuff ? ”
Me : “ If you ’re really interested , I guess I can teach you the basics of web design , but it ’s going to require at least several lessons and it ’ll cost $ [ amount ] for every hour I spend with you .
Client : “ GOD , do you have to charge for everything ? ! ”
Cats had to choose between two lengths of string ; one with a treat on , one with none ( Image : Animal Cognition ) I can haz treat now ?
( Image : Loliloli , Wikimedia Commons )
Now we know why cats never get bored of chasing string .
A new study has found that domestic felines do n’t seem to understand cause and effect connections between objects .
Advertisement
Chimpanzees , tamarin monkeys , parrots and ravens all understand that tugging on one end of a string will bring a treat at the other end closer .
Pigeons and human infants do n’t ; and cat lovers dismayed at their pets ’ lack of nous can console themselves with the knowledge that dogs do n’t either .
“ There ’s no reason to think that cats are more stupid than dogs , ” says Britta Osthaus , a comparative psychologist at Canterbury Christ Church University , UK , who led the study .
“ I ’ve done quite a few tests and I always find that dogs just do n’t get it . ”
Working with 15 shelter cats , Osthaus ’s team attached fish or biscuit treats to one end of a string .
A plastic screen with a small gap at the bottom separated cats from their reward , requiring the felines to tug on the string to get the treat .
With a single string attached to the food , most cats learned to paw at the string to get a snack .
But when Osthaus ’ team introduced a second piece of string , unconnected to any foods , cats tugged on the correct string less than half the time .
This suggests that the cats could n’t infer cause - and - effect relationships between two objects and could only learn an association from scratch each time .
Journal reference : Animal Cognition ( DOI : 10.1007/s10071-009-0228-x )
The president said he is " happy to look at " bills before Congress that would give struggling news organizations tax breaks if they were to restructure as nonprofit businesses .
" I have n't seen detailed proposals yet , but I 'll be happy to look at them , " Obama told the editors of the Pittsburgh Post - Gazette and Toledo Blade in an interview .
Sen . Ben Cardin ( D - Md. ) has introduced S. 673 , the so - called " Newspaper Revitalization Act , " that would give outlets tax deals if they were to restructure as 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) corporations .
That bill has so far attracted one cosponsor , Cardin 's Maryland colleague Sen. Barbara Mikulski ( D ) .
White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs had played down the possibility of government assistance for news organizations , which have been hit by an economic downturn and dwindling ad revenue .
In early May , Gibbs said that while he had n't asked the president specifically about bailout options for newspapers , " I do n't know what , in all honesty , government can do about it . "
Obama said that good journalism is " critical to the health of our democracy , " but expressed concern toward growing tends in reporting -- especially on political blogs , from which a groundswell of support for his campaign emerged during the presidential election .
" I am concerned that if the direction of the news is all blogosphere , all opinions , with no serious fact - checking , no serious attempts to put stories in context , that what you will end up getting is people shouting at each other across the void but not a lot of mutual understanding , " he said .
Earlier today , Greg Sargent noted an extraordinary outburst by Joe " You Lie " Wilson in 2002 , berating his a Democratic colleague , Rep. Bob Filner of California , as an anti-American traitor .
We 've dug up the video , and it 's truly breathtaking :
Wilson exploded after Filner stated — correctly — that Iraq ’s chemical and biological weapons program had received aid from the United States during the Iran - Iraq war .
( For background corroborating Filner 's statement , see this CBS News report and read up on the " American Type Culture Collection " in these articles in the New York Times published in March 2003 , November 1996 , and February 1994 . )
Wilson claimed Filner was lying , saying that Iraq had purchased chemical weapons from the " former Soviet Union , " ignoring the fact that the Iran - Iraq War ended in 1988 , while the USSR still existed , and , more importantly , that the U.S. had in fact made such sales ( as documented above ) .
After falsely accusing Filner of lying , Wilson went into overdrive , launching his tirade squarely into Michele Bachmann territory , accusing Filner of harboring a secret " hatred of America . "
Note :
You can support Joe Wilson 's Democratic opponent , Rob Miller , through ActBlue .
In less than 24 hours , more than $ 300,000 $ 400,000 .
has been raised .
Update ( 1:23 PM ) : As Sargent noted , Sue Sturgis at the Institute for Southern Studies deserves a major hat tip a major hat tip for reminding us of this episode early this morning on the ISS website .
THE world champion 800 m runner Caster Semenya has been revealed to have male and female sexual organs , posing an ethical and political quandary for the sport 's ruling body , the International Association of Athletics Federations , and her home nation , South Africa .
Extensive physical examinations of Semenya , who is just 18 and from a remote village in the country 's far north , has shown the athlete is technically a hermaphrodite .
Medical reports indicate she has no ovaries , but rather has internal male testes , which are producing large amounts of testosterone .
The presence of both male and female characteristics will come as a devastating blow to Semenya , who has fought off snide remarks about her masculine appearance for much of her life .
The new ban , due to come in next year , is being pushed through despite an increasingly bitter consumer backlash against existing rules which outlaw the selling of " non-directional " incandescent light bulbs of the kind used in living rooms and bedrooms .
by : Girlsysadmin
an image from Girlsysadmin Uploaded 11 years ago
Bookmark & Share
Now that the Scottish government has released Abdel Basset Ali al - Megrahi , the man convicted of the murder of 270 people in the bombing of Pan Am Flight 103 , which exploded over Lockerbie , Scotland , on Dec. 21 , 1988 , the appeal he had filed in a Scottish court will never be heard by a judge .
The firestorm of anger that greeted the decision to release Mr. Megrahi , who is terminally ill , on compassionate grounds on Thursday is clearly based on the belief that he was responsible for the bombing , but doubts about his conviction , some of which formed the basis for the legal appeal he filed and then withdrew at the request of the Scottish government as a condition of his release , surfaced years ago .
Despite what some readers of The Lede who posted comments yesterday seem to have assumed , those doubts existed outside the murky precincts of the Internet where wild conspiracy theories are spun out .
In a review of the case on Wednesday , the Scottish broadcaster STV reported that Mr. Megrahi ’s appeal was filed in 2007 after “ a four - year review by the Scottish Criminal Cases Review Committee ( S.C.C.R.C. ) , who concluded that a miscarriage of justice could have occurred . ”
On Wednesday , The Guardian published video of the Rev. John Mosey , the father of one of the British victims of the bombing , who expressed his disappointment that halting Mr. Megrahi ’s appeal before it went to court meant that the public would never hear “ this important evidence — the six separate grounds for appeal that the S.C.C.R.C. felt were important enough to put forward , that could show that there ’s been a miscarriage of justice . ”
Mr. Mosey added , “ We ’d like to know what they are , where will they point ? ”
In an interview included in this video report from Britain ’s Channel 4 News on Thursday , Mr. Mosey called for a new public inquiry into the bombing and said of Mr. Megrahi , “ From the evidence I saw and heard in the court , and what I ’ve read and seen , I doubt that he had any involvement in it at all . ”
A Scottish reader of The Lede ’s previous post on Mr. Megrahi ’s release drew our attention to this video , of a BBC interview with the father of another British victim of the bombing , Dr. Jim Swire , whose daughter Flora was killed .
Speaking as Mr. Megrahi was being driven from prison , Dr. Swire also called for a public inquiry and praised the Scottish justice secretary Kenny MacAskill for his “ brave ” decision .
He added : “ I do n’t believe for a moment that this man was involved , in the way that he was found to have been involved . ”
On Thursday , The Guardian ’s Scotland correspondent , Severin Carrell , reported some of what was in the appeal that has now been abandoned :
Megrahi ’s legal team say they have proof that a key witness , a Maltese shopkeeper called Tony Gauci , wrongly claimed that Megrahi had bought clothes allegedly found in the suitcase bomb on Pan Am Flight 103 .
They allege Gauci was paid a $ 2 m ( £ 1.2 m ) reward for his evidence , which followed more than 20 police interviews .
They imply he was coached by detectives .
They claim new scientific analysis raises substantial doubts about the location of the bomb .
They allege that compelling evidence that it was planted by a Syrian - backed Palestinian cell based in Germany , Palestinian Front for the Liberation of Palestine General Command , has been ignored .
Another Guardian correspondent , Richard Norton - Taylor , reported in 2001 , just months after the trail , that there were doubts about the Maltese shopkeeper ’s evidence even then .
Readers who want to know more about the case against Mr. Megrahi , and the suggestions that he may have been wrongly convicted , can consult two documentaries : “ Shadow Over Lockerbie , ” made for American public radio by John Biewen and Ian Ferguson in 2000 , and “ Conspiracy Files : Lockerbie , ” made for the BBC in 2008 .
The complete audio of “ Shadow Over Lockerbie ” and a complete transcript are available on the Web site of American Radio Works .
Oya Newspaper / Agence France - Presse — Getty Images
Parts of “ Conspiracy Files : Lockerbie ” are available on the BBC ’s Web site — including this extraordinary video interview with Saif al - Islam el - Qaddafi — the son of the Libyan leader , Col. Muammar el - Qaddafi — who flew to Libya with Mr. Megrahi on Thursday and raised the released man ’s arm in triumph after they landed in Tripoli .
In the interview , the man who some believe will be Libya ’s next leader called the families of the Lockerbie victims “ very greedy ” and said , “ Instead of wasting their time blackmailing us , ” they should work with the Libyan government “ in order to find the real criminal who was behind that attack . ”
“ Conspiracy Files : Lockerbie ” was broadcast on Canadian television last night .
Copies of the video can be found on video - sharing Web sites , including YouTube .
The Times of London visited Abdel Basset Ali al - Megrahi at his home in Tripoli on his first day of freedom .
In an interview , Mr. Megrahi told the English newspaper ’s correspondent Martin Fletcher that he expected to live no more than three months but would prove his innocence before his death Mr. Fletcher reports :
To prove his point , in recent years Dogfish Head , at times working an archaeologist from the University of Pennsylvania , has been recreating ancient beer recipes , many derived from residues found at excavation sites .
None would meet the German definition of beer ; they mix in seeds , rice flakes , berries , honey -- the sort of good stuff our ancient ancestors would have on hand , but which we , for whatever reason , keep far away from our beer vats .
Photo by kowitz / Flickr CC
Dogfish Head has made four ancient brews , so far : Theobroma , based on Mayan and Aztec chocolate drinks ; Chateau Jiahu , from a 9,000 year - old Chinese recipe ; Midas Touch , drawn from residue found at what is believed to be the tomb of King Midas , in Asia Minor ; and Sah'tea , the latest , derived from a thousand - year - old Finnish quaff ( the original drink is called Sahti ) .
The brewing process for Sah'tea , as Burkhard Bilger explained in a profile of Calagione in the New Yorker , is an elaborate one .
The rye - based wort is caramelized by adding hot rocks to the vat ( tenth - century Finns used wood barrels to brew , which meant open flames were out as a heat source ) .
But that 's only the first step ; as Bilger writes ,
The last stage of the brewing process was the most unorthodox .
Traditionally , sahti is flavored with juniper alone , but Calagione wanted something more unusual .
After the hops and the juniper berries had been added to the wort , he took the bag of spices from his truck and steeped it in a bucket of hot water .
The mixture contained cardamom , coriander , ginger , allspice , rampe leaves , lemongrass , curry powder , and black tea , custom blended for Calagione in India .
It would be added at the last moment , he said , so that its volatile flavors would n't boil off .
The idea was to amplify the already spicy flavors of the juniper berries and the Hefeweizen yeast -- to turn the sahti into Sahtea .
We tried a few of these beers , among others , at the SAVOR panel , but I later picked them all up to try again at home .
For all their differences in ingredients and brewing details , they have similar characteristics : thick , foamy mouthfeels ; strong alcohol overtones ; and rich , spicy flavors .
NEXT :
PAGES :
Midas Touch , at 9 percent ABV , was my favorite , though my wife preferred the Theobroma .
The Midas Touch pours a thick head and a dark golden , red - tinged color .
The nose is sweet , almost like bubble gum , though it 's probably the Muscat grapes and raisins Calagione throws in .
It tastes hoppier than the others , though it clocks in at just 12 international bitterness units ( IBU ) , and the hops are balanced against a brawny sweetness .
Maybe it was the royal back story , but I could n't help imagining a strong , dry ale wrapped in a golden honey robe .
The Theobroma , on the other hand , was the most beer - like of the four , and to me the least interesting .
It pours a thin head with a light brown color .
It 's made with cocoa powder and cocoa nibs , and you taste them right up front , when the beer smooth and rich .
But it 's also made with ancho chilies , and soon the spice takes over , sticking around on the back of an echoing bitterness .
For all that , I found it boring .
But Joanna disagreed -- she loved it , finding all sorts of flavors in the brew , including honey , wood , and peach .
Like the Midas Touch , it 's 9 percent ABV , and its flavors are likewise built along a solid alcohol backbone .
Tom Ridge , the first head of the 9/11 - inspired Department of Homeland Security , was n't keen on writing a tell - all .
But in The Test of Our Times : America Under Siege ... and How We Can Be Safe Again , out September 1 , Ridge says he wants to shake " public complacency " over security .
And to do that , well , he needs to tell all .
Especially about the infighting he saw that frustrated his attempts to build a smooth - running department .
Among the headlines promoted by publisher Thomas Dunne Books : Ridge was never invited to sit in on National Security Council meetings ; was " blindsided " by the FBI in morning Oval Office meetings because the agency withheld critical information from him ; found his urgings to block Michael Brown from being named head of the emergency agency blamed for the Hurricane Katrina disaster ignored ; and was pushed to raise the security alert on the eve of President Bush 's re-election , something he saw as politically motivated and worth resigning over .
This is one of the clearest and most painful “ going postal ” rampage massacres I ’ve studied , and I ’ve looked at a lot of them .
The reason is that the murderer , George Sodini , left behind a diary that makes everything as clear as can be–so clear , in fact , that the media is doing everything it can to avoid looking at what it really says .
Because this massacre is really about the desperation and hate so common in America .
You ca n’t understand yesterday ’s health club massacre in Pennsylvania , leaving 3 women dead , 10 injured , and the male gunman with his brains blown out , without recognizing this misery and hate .
Most Americans ’ lives have grown worse over the past three decades : today , average American male workers earn less than they did in 1979 in inflation - adjusted dollars , while the top 400 richest Americans own more than the bottom 150 million Americans , a wealth gap only found in tinpot Third World kleptocracies , and not seen here since 1928 .
That alone is reason enough to hate .
Even Warren Buffet admitted it in a interview with the New York Times : “ There ’s class warfare , all right , but it ’s my class , the rich class , that ’s making war , and we ’re winning . ”
For some reason , only the rich have the courage to talk about it .
All this hate has nowhere to go but right - ward .
Because America ’s liberals are terrified of this hate .
They want an America guided by rational debate between civilized participants in three - pointed hats , sipping tea while discussing the rights of man , just like our forefathers .
Liberals are deathly afraid of violence and ugliness ; rightwingers welcome it as a way out .
So the liberals ignore the anger , ceding it all to the rightwing , the only group comfortable enough with hate to make it front - and - center stage in their act–and that ’s why all the hate - filled victims gravitate their way , despite Kansas ’ “ interests , ” or whatever civics - class tripe liberals cling to .
George Sodini ’s diaries answer that most idiotic liberal question of all : “ What ’s The Matter With Kansas ? ”
The answer to that question , Mr. Frank , is simple : Kansas is very fucking pissed off , that ’s what ’s wrong .
Kansas ca n’t get its dick wet if its life depended on it .
All Kansas has is a duffel bag full of really cool guns to keep Kansas entertained –that and a soothing hate - soundtrack provided by FoxNews , Rush , Gingrich and the rest –what ’s so hard to understand about Kansas ’s problem ?
Which brings me to yesterday ’s jazzercize massacre in Pittsburgh .
The motive is obvious :
The killer , a 48 - year - old George Sodini , a systems analyst in a local law firm ’s finance department , explained in his diary exactly why he shot and killed all those women in the gym :
No girlfriend since 1984 , last Christmas with Pam was in 1983 .
Who knows why .
I am not ugly or too weird .
No sex since July 1990 either ( I was 29 ) .
No shit !
Over eighteen years ago .
And did it maybe only 50 - 75 times in my life .
… I masturbate .
Frequently .
That ’s it , that ’s all the reason you need .
Because in this Calvinist country , if you ca n’t get laid for 20 years , you ’re a monumental loser and it ’s all your fault .
Every Hollywood movie ever made , every gushing Tom Hanks blockbuster nightmare , tells us that shy nerds inevitably get discovered by beautiful sweet wife - types .
Just be patient and nice , you ’ll get your reward .
It ’s the mean bully assholes who get punished , right ?
Wrong .
That brutal discovery is what destroyed Sodini , as his diary reveals :
I have slept alone for over 20 years .
Last time I slept all night with a girlfriend it was 1982 .
Proof I am a total malfunction .
Girls and women do n’t even give me a second look ANYWHERE .
There is something BLATANTLY wrong with me that NO goddam person will tell me what it is .
Told by at least 100 girls / women over the years I was a “ nice guy ” .
Not kidding .
But Sodini ’s pain is n’t limited to his unfluffed genitalia .
He understood that his sexual failure and anomie were part of a larger injustice and rigidity built into the current American narrative , a miserable narrative for most white males over the age of 25 .
The media has so far totally ignored how America ’s economic
Hell added to Sodini ’s breakdown , but the media routinely ignores the role Reaganomics has played in the “ going postal ” rage murders since the mid-80s .
Sodini knew how bad and tenuous his situation was , and he wrote about it :
April 24 , 2009 :
Early last month , we had our second general layoff .
I survived .
First one was in November .
When I began 10 years ago , that used to be a nice place to work .
I understand the need to reduce staff when times sour , but this is out of proportion to the economic problems at this time .
The economy is shrinking by about 4 - 5 % .
They decided not to pay Christmas bonus – for staff that amounts to about 8 % of yearly pay .
Well , OK .
Plus no yearly “ merit ” raise , another 3.5 % .
That totals to about 11 % cut .
Plus two layoffs of 5 % staff in each case .
Do the math .
I know this firm is using this downturn as an excuse to take advanage of a bad situation and kill jobs UNNECESSARILY .
The second layoff people who actually did work were let go .
We all need to pick up the slack so the company can cut beyond what is necesary .
Was n’t going to mention it , because of all this shit , it is K&L Gates , the large law firm headquartered here in Pittsburgh .
Just call it K&L Gates Corporation .
Most people there are OK and I would never have a shoot ’em up there .
They paid me for 10 years , so far !
I predict I wo n’t survive the next layoff .
That is when there is no point to continue .
RIght now , life is bearable and I can get by indefinitely .
Something bad must happen .
The paycheck is all I have left .
The future holds nothing for me .
Twenty five years of nothing fun .
I never even spent one weekend with a girl in my life , even at my own place .
Also unlikely to find another similar job .
I guess then is when I take care of things .
I do n’t have kids , close friends or anything .
Just me here .
If you have nothing , you have nothing to lose .
The media is ignoring passages like these , because reading them , Sodini goes from monster - freak to a real human being , someone all too familiar , even pitiable , despite the horrible crime he committed .
What the media has focused on instead is Sodini ’s anti-Obama , anti-liberal racist entry , as if this was the motive rather than the symptom .
In fact , as you ’ll see , he ’s not really a racist , but rather , a sarcastic parodist of racist cliches , as this entry from last November reveals :
Good luck to Obama !
He will be successful .
The liberal media LOVES him .
Amerika has chosen The Black Man. Good !
In light of this I got ideas outside of Obama ’s plans for the economy and such .
Here it is :
Every black man should get a young white girl hoe to hone up on .
Kinda a reverse indentured servitude thing .
Long ago , many a older white male landowner had a young Negro wench girl for his desires .
Bout ’ time tables are turned on that shit .
Besides , dem young white hoez dig da bruthrs !
LOL .
More so than they dig the white dudes !
Every daddy know when he sends his little girl to college , she be bangin a bruthr real good .
I saw it .
“ Not my little girl ” , daddy says !
( Yeah right !! )
Black dudes have thier choice of best white hoez .
You do the math , there are enough young white so all the brothers can each have one for 3 or 6 months or so .
For middlebrows and liberals , this looks like racist ranting simply because their filter catches a few obvious stand - out words .
But they ’re wrong .
Sodini was more nuanced in his desperation than something as easily - defined as racism .
As this moving diary entry shows , he understood that he was victim to something far deeper and more profound , and that he had more in common with blacks of his predicament than the rich white FoxNews hosts or the corporate backers of the Tea Party movement :
While driving I radio surfed to a talk show .
The caller was a 30ish black man who was describing the despair in certain black communities .
According to him , life is cheap there because you are going to die anyway when you get old .
It is the quality of life that is important , he said .
If you know the past 40 years were crappy , why live another 30 crappy years then die ?
His point was they engage in dangerous behavior which tends to shorten the lifespans , to die now and avoid the next 30 crappy years , using my example .
The host got sarcastic and ended the call instead of trying understanding his point .
Agreement was n’t necesary .
I put music back on .
But it was an interesting , and useful point for me to hear .
Not a lot of hate - fueled white American males reach this kind of rational , revolutionary understanding .
And in a way , he ’s far more honest than the revolutionaries , too prude and self - righteous to admit what really matters in this life : sex , love , escaping loneliness :
Every evening I am alone , and then go to bed alone .
Young women were brutal when I was younger , now they are n’t as much , probably because they just see me just as another old man .
I see twenty something couples everywhere .
I see a twenty something guy with a nice twentyish young women .
I think those years slipped right by for me .
Why should I continue another 20 + years alone ?
I will just work , come home , eat , maybe do something , then go to bed ( alone ) for the next day of the same thing .
This is the Auschwitz Syndrome , to be in serious pain so long one thinks it is normal .
By the end of the diary , Sodini loses interest in intellectualizing his despair .
He ’s alone ; he will never fuck again .
He ’s out of the Darwinian competition .
It ’s all over .
Women are the source of his pain ; women must die :
June 2 , 2009 :
Some people I was talking with believed I date a lot and get around with women .
They think this because I showed an email I got from a hot woman to the department gossip , but it did n’t work out .
All this is funny .
Actually , I have n’t had sex since I was 29 years old , 19 years ago .
That ’s true .
June 5 , 2009 :
I was reading several posts on different forums and it seems many teenage girls have sex frequently .
One 16 year old does it usually three times a day with her boyfriend .
So , err , after a month of that , this little hoe has had more sex than ME in my LIFE , and I am 48 .
One more reason .
Thanks for nada , bitches !
Bye .
Try making sense of that .
It ’s too painful –for us , I mean .
So the media is making him into the racist , anti-Obama monster that allows America to go on its smug , merry way .
Right up to the next massacre , coming soon to a workplace near you .
Mark Ames is the author of Going Postal : Rage , Murder and Rebellion from Reagan ’s Workplaces to Clinton ’s Columbine .
Click the cover & buy the book !
Laura knew he was different the moment she found him with an old woman in an ATM booth .
The woman had flung down her silver clasp purse when he grabbed her , and a few crisp fifties lay on a tangle of receipts , keys , and cottonswabs .
But what caught Laura ’s attention was the way he ate the old woman : slow and savoring , like she was an artichoke .
He ’d pluck off a finger and suck the flesh off the bone , then tear out the forearm and scoop at the softer places .
The old woman had passed out , but she was still alive .
The zombie made his careful way ever inward toward her warm heart .
The smell of death old and new made Laura gag , but she pulled the door closed to lock herself in with them .
Through his remaining rags of flesh , she saw an effeminate bone structure .
In life , he would have been the pretty kind of handsome , Laura thought .
His shirt flapped off his shoulders as he moved , and she caught a glimpse of an embroidered nametag : Paul .
“ Hey , Paul , ” she said , tapping him on the shoulder .
He paid no attention .
“ Paul , I ’d taste better . ” Laura was tired of following the security advisories and prolonging the inevitable .
Ever since her parents and her sister , Kathy , had been killed , she ’d thought the best thing would be to get it over with .
And she wanted Paul to do it .
The zombies who ate her family while she hid in the closet sprayed organs everywhere ;
Paul did n’t waste .
Laura wanted to be appreciated that way .
She watched him chew the old woman ’s fingerbone , making a sound like someone biting into a lollipop .
She waited while he ate her belly in large , relishing bites , then licked each vertebra clean .
He turned toward Laura next , and she spread her hands and closed her eyes .
His shuffling footsteps approached , but she did n’t feel any teeth or the firm grip she had so admired .
There was a light slam as he walked past her and into the glass door she had shut .
She snapped her eyes open and went to him .
“ Honey , you have to open that door . ”
He slammed into the glass again .
What was left of his nose smashed flat against his face .
Laura grabbed his arm and spun him back towards her .
“ Do n’t you want to eat me ? ” she said .
He lurched backwards into the wall , the back of his skull collapsing like a rotten fruit .
Inexplicable rejection tore through her guts , and she tightened her grip on his arm .
“ Come with me , ” she whispered .
Laura opened the door and pulled him out onto the street .
The streets were dirty , bloodstained , and empty of the living .
The people who had been out before the advisory , or who had tried to run when zombies got into their houses , were gone now except for carcasses chewed over by small groups of the undead .
Most of the zombies had wandered off in search of fresher meat , and the few who passed did n’t seem interested in Laura .
She pressed close to Paul and led him toward where she lived .
He walked arm in arm with her , as if they were on a date to the bowling alley .
On the way to Laura ’s house , they came upon a woman with a broken leg , trying to drag herself under a bush .
Her curly hair lay flat against her sweat - streaked forehead , and her breath burst loud and hollow from her lungs .
Paul perked up at her fear .
He let go of Laura and surged toward the woman .
He took her in his arms and began eating her gently , leg first .
“ What are you doing just standing there ? ” the woman screamed as she struggled to get away from Paul .
“ Hit him !
Get him off me ! ”
Laura pulled a thick branch off the bush and stepped in close , feeling jealous at the sight of his fingers pressing into the other woman ’s thigh .
Laura hit the woman hard over the head , watching her eyes roll back , her accusing expression dissolving .
“ I ’m wishing I was you , ” Laura said .
Paul tore off a kneecap and handed it to her .
“ Is that what ’s going on ? ” Laura said .
“ You think I ’m one of you ? ”
She knelt beside him .
Other than the constant lump in her throat , she felt nothing at the sight of blood .
“ I ’m not like you .
Look at me . ”
Laura tried to put her hand in his mouth .
He ignored her and continued with the woman on the pavement .
“ What is the matter with you ? ” Laura screamed .
“ What is the matter with me ? ” Paul stopped eating .
The small bit of an eye he had left seemed to flicker with some remnant of humanity .
She grabbed him by the shoulders and shook .
“ What about me ?
Why wo n’t you eat me ? ”
His neckbones crackled against each other from the force , and that last piece of eye fell out .
He groaned .
Laura looked at the eye on the pavement , and then into his empty face .
She touched his exposed cheekbone .
“ I ’m sorry , ” she said .
“ I did n’t mean to hurt you . ”
She pulled him to his feet and he followed her , stumbling with his new blindness .
It was just a block to the house where her family had died .
She unlocked the front door and led him inside , fastening all the bolts and bars behind her .
Laura shivered , reliving a piece of the fear she ’d felt that last day .
If she closed her eyes , she could still smell her sister ’s shampoo , the fixative her mother used on paintings , the starch on her father ’s suits .
And their blood .
Paul stepped toward her , gripping her arms .
She relaxed against him , waiting for relief , but he let go without doing anything more .
Laura ’s stomach twisted again .
“ You ca n’t keep ignoring me , ” she said .
The basement door was strong .
She pushed Paul ahead of her into the darkness and locked them in .
He would get hungry eventually .
So I just laid out in another post the classically liberal origins of modern liberalism and now a regular commenter at TMV has asked , perceptively , how is modern liberalism different from socialism .
Surely socialism also has roots in classical liberalism too , so the common ancestry is of little meaning on its own .
So what is the difference between socialism and modern liberalism ?
There are two very different strains of socialism historically – revolutionary socialism promulgated by Karl Marx , Friedrich Engels and V. I. Lenin , and incrementalist or “ Fabian ” socialism of the sort that took off in western Europe after World War II .
Few outside the hopelessly uninformed and unhinged believe that modern liberalism is akin to revolutionary socialism or communism .
But what about the more moderate Fabian socialism ( Fabius Maximus was a Roman politician famous for his incrementalism and moderation ) ?
The difference is here : socialists believe in the abolition of private property .
Modern liberals do not .
As recently as the 1980s the British Labour Party included the call for the abolition of private property in its official party platform .
Socialist parties elsewhere in Europe – from Spain to France to Germany and on – either still call for the abolition of private property or did so until very recently .
Note that abolition of private property does not mean progressive taxation or a generous social safety net .
It does not mean old age pensions or even universal health care per se , though all socialist countries have those ( Bismarck adopted the world ’s first welfare state to stave off the growing threat of German Socialists in the 1870s ) .
No , socialism means the government literally takes possession of the means of production .
In practice , this has meant government ownership of telecommunications , power companies , transportation networks and in some cases health delivery systems ( British NHS is socialist in a way most other national health care systems are not ) .
In America the best example of genuine socialism is the Tennessee Valley Authority .
The TVA “ bought ” millions of acres of land and waterways , reconfigured rivers , built dams , and to this day continues to provide electricity , control floods , and create space for recreation .
Knoxville is actually the third - best boating city in America after San Diego and Ft. Lauderdale thanks to the plethora of lakes in the area .
Yes , in heavily Republican East Tennessee the greatest form of recreation is due to socialism .
But efforts to replicate the TVA in the Columbia River and the Missouri River failed for a variety of reasons .
TVA is a case unto itself .
And other previously government - owned entities have been privatized , while highly regulated utilized have been de-regulated by both liberal Democratic and conservative Republican politicians alike .
There is very little call for government ownership of property in America today , with the exception of national parks and wildlife refuges ( and considering the land in these cases is to be used NOT for productive capacities but for preservation it ’s hard to really call them socialist either ) .
The closest the Obama Administration has come to socialism is the automotive bailout .
But even that plan was initiated only because of bankruptcy in the private sector , and the ultimate goal is to release the company back to the private marketplace .
It is emergency and short - term socialism , perhaps – but hardly more than that .
As for the banks – the other recipient of bailouts – the government decided against nationalization .
Though they are subsidized by the Federal Reserve , they are still in private hands and will likely be returned to even more private control in the near future as they pay back TARP money .
Welfare state liberalism is predicated on the belief that free market capitalism is superior to state - run socialism … BUT , that it must be regulated to ensure against monopoly and abuse .
The policy differences between conservative Republicans and liberal Democrats are matters of degree – how MUCH should the government intervene in the private sector – not a matter of kind .
Some suggest that the bailouts are actually more like corporatism than socialism .
Corporatism was the economic model favored by Fascist Italy , Peronist Argentina and Vargas ’s Brazil .
While it ’s certainly true that government action tends to favor certain private companies over others , there is little call for large - scale state management of wages , hours and production usually seen in a corporatist system .
There is plenty of corporate welfare and corporate cronyism out there .
But we are far from a corporatist / Fascist economy and I do n’t see anybody holding it out as an ideal .
So , yes , modern liberalism and socialism both trace their roots to classical liberalism .
But modern liberalism explicitly rejects the fundamental defining element of socialism : state ownership of the means of production .
Policy debates over government regulation and taxation between liberals and conservatives are just that : debates between liberals and conservatives over the EXTENT of government intervention in the private sector .
Absent calls for outright state ownership of large swaths of the American economy modern liberalism is nothing like socialism .
Crowe tells writer to get on bike
Crowe told Annette Sharp she was a better cyclist than Baz Luhrmann Russell Crowe challenged an Australian newspaper columnist to a cycle duel after she mocked a picture of him smoking and eating on a bike ride .
The piece , in Sydney 's Daily Telegraph , was headlined " smokes and fatty foods the fitness regime for Rusty " .
The Gladiator star then called the paper to challenge Annette Sharp to a 12 - mile ( 19.3 km ) race through the city .
Video of the early morning duel showed Crowe speeding along with Ms Sharp struggling to keep up .
Crowe is shown telling Ms Sharp she is a better cyclist than Australian film director Baz Luhrmann .
After a couple of hours on the bike , you 've earnt a couple of fags
Russell Crowe " He holds the record for the worst cycling tourist we 've ever taken for a ride - you are twice the man Baz Luhrmann is on a bicycle . "
The Telegraph mocked Crowe last week after he was photographed taking a break from a bike ride with his personal trainer to smoke a cigarette , eat tacos and drink a soft drink .
The paper reported that Crowe 's spokesman had called the next day and said : " Get on your bike .
Russell wants you to go riding with him .
" Are you ready to die ? " ' Victory moment '
At one point during the pair 's cycle trip , Ms Sharp fell off her bike .
When you make a living throwing stones you expect that one day someone is going to lob one back .
This was that day
Annette Sharp
After their duel , she wrote : " I was sliding exuberantly down the track when , with a thump , I came off the seat and landed painfully on the crossbar .
" This was surely it - his victory moment .
His victory moment , with me sprawled in the dirt .
" Yet he was gracious , concerned - the perfect gentleman as he rolled up my trousers to check my knee . "
She added : " When you make a living throwing stones you expect that one day someone is going to lob one back .
" This was that day . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
On Saturday , Elizabeth Snyder was born by the side of I - 95 , delivered by a state trooper on the front seat of her parent ’s new SUV .
On Sunday , she got to meet the officers who stepped up as makeshift midwives .
" That 's the most rewarding call I 've ever been on , " Pennsylvania State Trooper Jean Altomari said .
When Tricia Snyder ’s water broke Saturday morning , she and her husband suspected they were on borrowed time -- their first daughter was a fast delivery .
Matt 's solution was to speed above the posted limit from Aston toward the Hospital of the University of Philadelphia .
Even after a police car pulled into in his rear - view , he kept speeding on his way until his conscience ( and a traffic jam ) prompted him to pull over to the shoulder of the highway .
By then it was bar - closing time , and as Officer Peter Burghart came up to Matt ’s car door , he expected to meet a driver under the influence .
When Matt explained that a baby was on the way , Burghart quickly called for an ambulance and backup .
The backup beat the ambulance and Altomari ran up to see how Tricia Snyder was doing .
“ Mrs. Snyder was very calm , " Altomari recalls .
" I asked her if she was ready to push .
She said yes and Elizabeth was born . ”
Altomari delivered baby Elizabeth , untangling the umbilical cord from around her neck and feeling the relief of the child ’s first screams .
By that time , Burghart and other state police had stopped traffic to make sure the area was safe and to make way for a helicopter landing , if necessary .
" Every day you prepare yourself to either save a life , take a life or give your own , " Burghart said on Sunday , after holding Elizabeth for the first time .
" It 's very rare that you 're gonna be prepared to watch one come into this world . "
Elizabeth 's father Matt has already taken to lecturing his daughter .
" I told her last night when I was holding her at one in the morning that she has to be a good girl for the rest of her life , now , and do n’t make daddy worry , ” he said .
Cradling the baby in her arms , Tricia said she was already looking forward to little Elie 's first birthday .
" We 'll have a state trooper party I think . "
According to Nicole Goldstone , whose father headed the United Nation ’s Goldstone Committee probing Operation Cast Lead , her father is a genuine Zionist and he loves Israel , stating his position on the committee resulted in a more favorable report than would have emerged otherwise .
Nicole , who lives in Toronto , spoke with Galei Tzahal ( Army Radio ) , explaining she spoke with her father in depth before he accepted his assignment , and she stated while it may be hard for some to believe , his accepting the post to head the commission was the best for all involved , including Israel .
She insists he is an honest person and only wishes to uncover the truth .
She explained that if her father would have realized the results of the report in advance , he would not have accepted the position , stating she is aware there are some extremely harsh segments , having read hundreds of pages herself .
She told Army Radio that her dad questioned if he is still welcome for Rosh Hashanah after the release of the report , with Nicole explaining she is hosting her parents for the holiday .
She reaffirmed her love and respect for her father , stressing she is not angry with him , and that is remains a loyal Zionist , adding she lived in Israel for six months and the Jewish state remains high on her list of importance , always in her heart .
( Yechiel Spira – YWN Israel )
Caffeine additions are downright charming .
Photo by prudencebrown under the Creative Commons Attribution License 2.0 .
Tea plants are evergreen make handsome foundation plantings in zones 7 - 9 .
Photo by the UDSA .
Tea flowers smell delish .
Photo by autan under the Creative Commons Attribution License 2.0 .
If you ’re going to have a caffeine addiction , getting the “ wake up ” into your blood stream by way of black tea just may be the most respectable way .
According to the Order of Caffeine Addicts in America ( OCAA ) , caffeine by way of tea is considered to be one of the classiest addictions among the whole substance - dependency lineup .
You can either look that up or you can just trust a group that bears the motto , “ Proud to be ; wired with tea . “
Oh come on , you knew I ’d get around to this topic .
I own my caffeine addiction and some would say I make it an art .
The only thing I had n’t figured out , is how make it more accessible ( cheaper ) and I think I just may have found a way .
While I ’m probably not the first substance addict to come to this conclusion , I ’ve recently decided that it only makes sense to grow my own .
If you ’re one of my people and would like to grow tea in your own yard , there are a few more reasons other than the “ wake up ” to plant one or two of these bad boys .
Tea plants ( Camellia sinensis ) are not only handsome as far as shrubs go , they ’re also drought tolerant and thrive in the heat .
Many gardeners grow them as ornamentals , with their white , 1 1/2 ″ tea flowers that bloom in the fall .
They may not put on a fancy show , but they do wear expensive perfume and smell delish .
Some lucky people end up with a tea variety that has flowers which are blush to full on pink in color .
You can even espalier tea plants .
You know , pruned and trained into shapes and patterns ; bringing the whole upper - crust thing to an entirely new level .
C. sinensis makes a lovely presentation in containers as well as a landscape plant , as a screen or hedge .
They make good bones as foundation plantings , too , so no one will be the wiser about the reason for the plant ’s true existence in your garden .
Tea plants are evergreen shrubs that live outdoors in Zones 7 - 9 .
If you live in a Zone just above and below this number you can try to plant them against a sheltered area , or your plant may have to take up permanent residence inside a greenhouse .
If you ’re a true caffeine freak , this would n’t be considered sacrificial by any stretch .
Tea plants or shrubs were originally grown in Southeast Asia , and while they can grow up to 40 feet tall if left to their own devices , most are kept to a medium - sized 4 - 6 feet with regular pruning .
Plant them in the full sun or partial shade in soil that is rich in organic matter .
They ’re fine with a neutral pH , but are really happy if it ’s on the acidic side .
Tea plants enjoy regular watering and more than that while they ’re blooming or actively growing .
Just make sure their tiny root hairs do n’t dry out entirely .
Black , Oolong , and green teas all come from C. sinensis depending on how its leaves are prepared before brewing .
You ’ll want to harvest the leaves while the plant is growing and the best quality leaves are said to be those that open during the first flush ( the first leaves in spring ) .
Some say that the first leaf harvest should n’t be done until the third year , but I doubt I ’ll be able to hold out that long .
Another nice thing about tea plants is that they ’re excellent seed producers .
This is a huge plus for new caffeine growers .
You ’ll have a full tea farm in no time if these guys have their way .
Oh sure , there may be a slight genetic differences between the seeds and their parents , but since your genetics have probably been altered by all the caffeine you suck down , you can hardly point a finger .
Caffeine has been placed into a category called “ psychoactive stimulant ” drugs .
I know this should bother me and any decent person ’s reaction would be shame .
Unfortunately , it only leaves me itching for the next Starbucks run .
Anyway , it ’s all about perception .
You say psychoactive stimulant – I say mother ’s milk .
Arturo Merzario a vu son talent pour le pilotage s'exprimer bien plus souvent en voitures de sport qu'en Formule 1 , où il tenta même de créer sa propre écurie .
Né à Civenna , Arturo commence à piloter à la fin des années 60 dans des courses de côtes et en GT avec l'équipe FIAT - Abarth .
Sa première grande course , celle qui donne un bon [... ]
Over the last few days of debate about the rescue of the New York Times journalist Stephen Farrell , in which his translator and a British paratrooper died , I have noticed an alarming subtext .
As soldiers former and serving , bloggers close to the military , and commentators on military matters have been wheeled out , the same line has been iterated and reiterated : journalists have no business being in war zones unless accompanying the military .
Those who work unembedded in high - risk areas – in the words of Max Hastings – are gung ho , self - serving or " nutters " .
Our boys – in the words of an American commentator and former special forces soldier delivered to the BBC World Service chatshow I was asked to appear on – should be allowed to " get on with the job " without reporters " getting in the way " .
The issue that this ignores is the question of democratic accountability .
The experience of working in Afghanistan and Iraq has underlined , for me at least , that neither our politicians nor our military can be trusted to tell us the truth about what happens when we go to war .
I have been told outright lies , lies mixed with truth and analysis so twisted as to be unrecognisable .
Statistics – for instance about the trend of the rate of attacks – have been packaged to give misleading impressions about how we are winning , while military press officers seem to delight in arranging trips to the modern equivalent of Potemkin villages to demonstrate how peace , freedom and democracy are taking root .
Last year with considerable trepidation I made an unembedded trip to Kandahar , a place the diplomats and military informed me had had its Taliban problem resolved .
That was until I pointed out that a colleague and I were planning to visit .
Then , of course , the warnings were delivered .
It was too dangerous for us to go there .
We went .
And in being in the city among Afghans – not soldiers and diplomats – we learned the truth .
The Kandahar described was fantasy .
The reality was a fearful place heavily infiltrated by insurgents .
The bottom line is – as it has always been – about control .
It is in the interest of the powers that be to frighten journalists .
To warn them off from making their own investigations .
Sometimes , it appears from the whispering of the last week , to smear brave journalists who get into trouble with the aim of discouraging others .
It is not new .
For as long as I have been covering conflicts , there has been an effort to undermine any kind of independence in conflict reporting .
Those such as Hastings – labouring under the illusion that most war reporters accompany the military most of the time , as he did in the Falklands – may be happy with their cosy relationship with the top brass .
But there are very many others , who bridle at the assumption that they should only see one , official version of reality that military press officers are happy to show .
The second issue , I believe , is an equally worrying one .
It is the existence of an innate anti-democratic tendency in the military that is reflected in the idea that wars should be fought out of sight of the journalists .
That the official version should never be cross-examined by representatives of civilian , non-combatant society .
By voters who might object to either the fact of war , or the method of its prosecution .
In essence , it is a demand that we trust those given a terrible power : to exercise the use of permissive violence .
It is an argument too for censorship , for hiding the horrible facts about conflict , not least the abuse and atrocities that are committed .
It is a request for a blank cheque for murder .
For the excesses of Abu Ghraib .
For the bombing of the civilians of Afghanistan .
For poisoned , pointless policies that lead only to more death and injury .
Without any questions asked .
“ Testing is design ” ; “ Unit tests are documentation ” ; “ Tests are specifications ” .
These are sought - after rewards of developer testing practices , but simply writing tests or even writing tests before writing production code does n’t make these wishes come true .
When we take up unit testing , we initially tend to do things a certain way .
Over time we might adopt test - driven development , mock - objects , and ultimately we might adopt the specification and design practices that lead to the lauded benefits of self - documenting code , design through test , and ultimately to a greater level of agility .
This presentation walks through some of the principal phases of evolving basic testing skills toward sustainable agility through test - driven , client - driven , and behavior - driven programming , touching on unit - testing , mock objects , test - driven development , behavior - driven development , and domain - specific languages for testing .
Baseball is trying to clean up its act .
Unfortunately , most of it ’s biggest stars over the past ten years are somehow linked to steroids and HGH .
As baseball continues to try to weed out the artificial enhancements , the point is raised that there are plenty of other sports where steroid use is obviously rampant .
When will the other sports be forced to take the same stance as Major League Baseball ?
Tony Mandarich can be called the Jose Canseco of the NFL .
He has not outted guys the way that Canseco has , but he has been quoted as saying that steroid abuse is very popular in the NFL .
Is John McCain a baseball purist ?
He spent almost a year scolding MLB ’s testing policies but said very little about football players .
Let ’s face facts here .
Steroids are all about adding bulk and muscle .
NFL lineman are the bulkiest athletes in sports , yet you are not hearing about too many of them using steroids .
Football has adopted the slogan “ bigger faster , stronger “ , in its description of a complete player .
In a league where bulk is everything , we all know they are using .
Boxing may be the most corrupt of all sports .
For years , talk of fixed outcomes and political agendas have scarred the sweet science .
Recently , the names of “ Sugar ” Shane Moseley and Bernard Hopkins have come up in steroid discussions .
They are both in the “ old man ” bracket , but have come off of recent performances where they looked like they were 20 years old .
I would n’t put it past boxing to hide the drug testing results of any of its participants to keep the popularity wave on an increase .
The heavier the fighter , the more likely he is on something .
There has also been plenty of chatter lately about the use of steroids in golf .
Maybe that is why many of us common folk ca n’t hit our drives 300 .
Granted , I am not dropping any names in this category and the reason I chose the Tiger Woods picture is simply because of the pose .
Golf , questioned to even be a true sport by many for years can quite possibly be the next big list of names we see dropped when the muscle police get done with baseball .
Call Dana
White a genius , I will continue to call him a weasel .
MMA may have the highest percentage of users .
Many MMA fighters have more muscular definition than bodybuilders and it is n’t because they can jump rope for an hour straight or learn how to pass a guard in an octagon .
I look for MMA to head down the same path as professional wrestling soon .
Not in the sense that the match outcomes will be predetermined , but rather it ’s stars start dying at young ages due to all of the substances used in training .
The UFC is not a legal sport in many states .
The states that do permit MMA would be wise to start drug testing as a mandatory requirement .
Bodybuilding and pro wrestling do not need to be mentioned , I would be stating the obvious .
Batista of the WWE is way too big , too muscular and has to be on something .
He is only one example .
Vince McMahon is a weasel , moreso than Dana White , but is awfully bulky for a man at his age .
Bottom line , any athlete who competes and brings home a check needs to be tested by an outside company before and after competing .
If this were ever going to happen , America ’s new # 1 sport will become archery .
They might .
They might even need a Very Special Episode or two , because - as Spider - Man has just demonstrated - many rapes in comics are unacknowledged .
And they are n't the ones you 're thinking of .
Comics fandom , as any true fan knows , has always been the thinnest skin of enthusiasm wrapped around a bubbling core of controversy , and this week is no different .
The latest tempest to shudder the lid on the comics world is Amazing Spider - Man # 604 , in which The Chameleon , a supervillain capable of imitating anyone , steals Peter Parker 's identity and seems to have sex with his roommate .
Many people protested that this was rape and the way it was addressed in the comic was therefore inappropriate .
Although the controversy is ameliorated somewhat in the next issue when it is revealed that The Chameleon only made out with Michelle , the woman in question , a debate sprang up about it that included comic - book - conventions - as - applied - to - reality , arguments about the justice of Massachussetts law , several angry emails , five links on When Fangirls Attack , and at least one cranky cat .gif .
Advertisement
It is strange , though , that other sexual assaults seem to fly below the radar of most internet fans , as well as most comics professionals .
Although there have been several explicit rapes of male characters in comics , they have had relatively little acknowledgment , on and off the page .
Do n't worry .
This is n't a condemnation of internet fans for not being outraged enough , nor is it a ‘ what about the men ' diatribe .
It is simply my observation that sexual assaults , in comics , are treated very differently depending on the sex of the people involved .
Advertisement
The first difference is acknowledgement .
There have been three explicit rapes of male character in DC comics , and none of those characters have ever acknowledged what happened to them .
The first is an assault on Nightwing , the grown - up Robin , by a female costumed vigilante known as Tarantula .
Nightwing , at the end of his emotional and physical rope , collapses on a rooftop , where Tarantula has sex with him .
Although not very coherent , he explicitly says , " No . Do n't touch me . "
The second was back in the eighties , when Green Arrow was shot by Shado , a female assassin .
She nursed him back to health .
A few issues later , she showed up at his girlfriend 's home with a baby in tow .
When describing the incident , Shado says that Green Arrow was raving with fever , and thought he was having sex with his girlfriend .
Advertisement
The third , and most recent , was the rape of Batman .
Talia Al Ghul , a recurring female character , presents him with her son , Damian , who she claims Batman fathered .
She asks him if he remembers a certain night , to which he replies , " I remember being drugged senseless and refusing to cooperate with some depraved eugenics experiment . "
She says , " You cooperated . . . Magnificently . "
These are all rapes .
Not one of these men has ever used the word ‘ rape ' in connection with them .
The closest any character within the narrative has come to acknowledging them as such is Green Arrow 's girlfriend , who in response to the intimation that her boyfriend cheated on her explained the circumstances of the encounter and said , " Ever wonder how he felt about being raped ? "
Advertisement
Yes .
I have .
But it has become increasingly obvious that no reader will ever find out .
Advertisement
For female characters , rape is often used as a sort of origin story , or a restart for the character .
The character will make mention of it , recognize the pain caused by it , and use it as a motivation to build up strength and toughness .
For male characters , rape seems to be a by - product of the need to explain the existence of a child by an extremely inappropriate woman .
Unfortunately , when modern audiences read the explanation and rightly identify the conception of the child as rape , the creators are hemmed in .
They cannot explain it away , and yet they cannot have the characters deal with it .
Why ?
This , I believe , is the main split between the treatment of female and male characters when it comes to sexual assault .
Advertisement
Like the trauma inflicted on Bruce Wayne by seeing his parents murdered , or the guilt visited upon Peter Parker by , in his mind , being partly responsible for the murder of his uncle , a rape often re-writes a female character ; makes her come back stronger and tougher .
This is , when looked at realistically , ridiculous .
And yet I can see an appeal to that kind of story .
Rape is a terrible event , one that often deeply affects the life of the victim .
When treated as an origin story , it can be , in a strange way , a catharsis .
What comes out of that trauma is a new life , a new identity , and a new person with a metaphorically clean slate .
That kind of re-birth can be an alluring concept .
And , of course , since most comics writers are male , rape is a comfortingly distant idea , like the over - the - top tragedies of Peter Parker and Bruce Wayne .
The rape of a man , though , does not have the comfort of a distantly harrowing origin story .
Creators are , I think , stymied by three important factors .
The first is that an acknowledgment and realistic fall - out from a rape would force these characters , avatars of strength and masculinity , to admit to feelings of violation and vulnerability , something most male readers do n't want to read .
( To be honest , that 's something most female readers do n't want to read either , which explains some of the backlash against the rape of female characters . )
The second is that rape is a thing that generally happens to women , and to be like a woman is to , generally , lower ones status in society .
Jobs , interests , sports and hobbies that are associated with women are generally given less respect than those associated with men .
Comic book characters are power - fantasies , and generally people do not fantasize about being given less status and respect .
The last factor is a simple one ; the perpetrators of these rapes are usually women .
Part of the ‘ origin story ' version of rape is righteous and violent retribution against the rapist , and comics creators have always been reluctant to show male heroes beating female characters , no matter what the reason .
Advertisement
There is , of course , one last , ugly factor in these storylines ; the rapists .
When male characters rape or abuse female characters , they are often tainted forever and given their comeuppance in later stories .
Female rapists receive no such treatment .
Of the three rape victims , Nightwing comes closest to punishing his rapist .
( Interestingly , he is the least ‘ alpha ' of the three heroes . )
He breaks free of her influence , regains his confidence , beats her up and puts her in prison .
He does all of this , though , for the murder of another character , not for the crime committed against himself .
Green Arrow has briefly met his rapist again , in the midst of events too complex to explain , and never mentioned his rape .
The woman herself is treated as a villain , but a villain more honorable than most .
Advertisement
Batman 's rapist receives a stomach - churning treatment in the text .
Never rebuked by Batman or anyone else , never criticized , she goes on to play a semi-heroic part in the later storyline .
Dick Grayson even remarks that he can see why Batman is interested in her .
Such a thing would never , could never , happen with a male rapist and a female victim .
Imagine a man crowing about the fact that he raped a woman , it felt good , and he enjoyed it , and then being treated as a hero later in the story .
Never happen .
In the end it is interesting that , while sexual assault on female characters is most often used as a plot device in comics , it is sexual assault on male characters sadly , unintentionally mirrors the reality of sexual assault in life .
After all , many assaults and rapes are never reported .
The victims bury the event and try to continue their lives stepping around the consequences of the assault .
The perpetrators go on with their regular lives as well , sometimes coming to a bad end , sometimes being celebrated .
And the taboo continues .
A blog for curious people .
Ignorant people may learn something here ( unless they stick to the flickr links ... pretty pictures ) .
If this video does n’t make you want to own your own analogue synthesiser , nothing will !
David Vorhaus will forever be part of my own musical history for creating the album “ An Electric Storm ” as part of legendary band The White Noise – along with Delia Derbyshire , of “ Doctor Who Theme ” fame .
This mad , tuneful collage of tape loops , analogue synths and sound effects was released in 1969 , and provides proof , if you needed it , that the Beatles were n’t nearly as cutting edge as they thought they were .
I discovered this seminal work while at college , around the same time that I created my first ( and only ) piece of genuine tape - loop “ musique concrète ” – namely a sheep singing the tune of – wait for it – “ Ba Ba Black Sheep ” .
( The great thing about this was that the “ Baa ” that I took from my BBC Sound Effects LP and recorded onto reel - to - reel drooped in pitch throughout it ’s length , with mildly amusing results )
Ah , they do n’t teach music technology like they used to …
The album took on a new light in my estimation when regular customer John McCoy ( Gillan , Mammoth , Azeebra etc ) described how his fellow band - mates once spiked his drink with ten times the normal dose of LSD and locked him in a room with nothing but “ An Electric Storm ” for company – with understandably terrifying results .
John has never been the same since .
This would be a very different perspective than most people would have of one of the album ’s songs “ Here Come The Fleas ” , which many would recognise after Kenny Everett used as it a jingle on his radio show !
For more information on David Vorhaus and his use of analogue synths and technology , including creating a modern version of the Maniac sequencer using Native Instruments ’
Reaktor check out this great article on the Sound On Sound website .
Finally , here is the first track from “ An Electric Storm ” , along with images from the sleeve and of Delia .
While you listen , ask yourself – are you making the most use of the technology available to you ?
We posted a story on Tuesday about John Perry 's over - the - top article at Newsmax , in which he makes the totally baseless claim that a military coup to overthrow President Obama was a real possibility .
Some C&L readers noticed Wednesday morning that the link to the original Newsmax article went to the main page instead of the article and sure enough , it appears Newsmax scrubbed the article .
Luckily , the amazing Jamie found the cached article and took the above screen grab .
You can read the full , original article here .
Did the powers that be at Newsmax realize that maybe , just maybe , they had finally crossed the line ?
I 'm curious to know why such staunch defenders of the constitution decided to cut and run on this one .
They can't put the genie back in the bottle .
They published an article suggesting a military coup was a real possibility and now they 've scrubbed it .
Do they agree with Perry , or not ?
They need to explain publicly why the article was pulled .
You can write Newsmax directly and ask them why they scrubbed the article -- click here .
LOS ANGELES ( Reuters ) - Increasingly vocal calls for taxes on sugary drinks and junk food are fueling a behind - the - scenes battle that public health officials say is reminiscent of America ’s war on cigarettes .
The U.S. obesity epidemic has blossomed into a public health crisis and overweight adolescents are starting to suffer problems that used to plague middle - aged adults -- early heart disease and type 2 diabetes .
While restaurant operators and food and soda makers promote personal responsibility and moderation , backers of the taxes say levies on foods that quickly add extra pounds are a necessary part of any successful anti-obesity effort .
Backers suggest taxes could help offset the estimated $ 147 billion cost of treating obesity - related diseases and fund programs to battle the expanding girths of Americans .
Adding to the pressure is the fact that cash - poor state and local governments are scrambling to raise revenue .
Junk food taxes give them an opportunity to boost taxes under the guise of doing good , says Bob Goldin , executive vice president at restaurant consulting firm Technomic .
“ The train has left the station , ” Goldin added .
SWEET SOURCE OF REVENUE
The Congressional Budget Office estimated in December that a tax of 3 cents on every 12 - ounce can of soda would raise $ 50 billion over 10 years .
Not surprisingly , a soda tax is among the revenue streams being eyed as U.S. lawmakers tackle healthcare reform .
About 58 percent of Americans are willing to bear a tax increase of 1 percent or more to support healthcare reform , according to a recent Thomson Reuters survey .
Although a debate rages over the efficacy of taxes on soda and other items , supporters point to the fall in smoking rates after taxes sent cigarette prices soaring .
“ The research around tobacco has shown that large increases on taxes on cigarettes has been the single most effective policy to reduce tobacco use , ” said Mary Story , a dietitian and public health professor at the University of Minnesota .
Story figures that a 10 percent increase in sugar - sweetened beverage prices could cut consumption by 8 percent to 10 percent .
Taxing by the ounce would be more effective than a flat tax because it would put a larger burden on bigger soda bottles , which often sell for much less money per ounce , said Kelly Brownell , director of the Rudd Center For Food Policy and Obesity at Yale University .
“ It ’s just a matter of time ” before taxes come into effect , said Brownell , who published an article in the New England Journal of Medicine in April arguing for a tax on sweet drinks .
The article was coauthored with then - New York City Health Commissioner Dr. Thomas Frieden , who is now director of the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
On Frieden ’s watch , New York banned artery - clogging trans fats from restaurants , required some chain restaurants to publicly post the calorie content of the food they serve and banned smoking in all restaurants .
Now , on the heels of a new American Heart Association recommendation to dramatically cut dietary sugar intake , New York City ’s health department is launching an anti-sugary drink ad campaign that reads : “ Are you pouring on the pounds ?
Do n’t drink yourself fat .
BITTER BATTLE
Critics say new “ sin tax ” plans would turn the nation into a nanny state , hurt business , threaten an already weak economy and place an unfair burden on low - income shoppers .
And groups such as Americans Against Food Taxes are striking back .
That organization has big - name backers such as juice maker Welch ’s , PepsiCo Inc , the American Beverage Association , the Corn Refiners Association , agribusiness giant Cargill Inc and restaurant chains ranging from fast - food purveyors McDonald ’s Corp and Burger King Holdings Inc to Olive Garden owner Darden Restaurants Inc .
Its website warns that taxes on sugary drinks would have a “ negative impact on American families struggling in this economy . ”
A narrator on its television ads , which feature a family camping trip , says : “ Taxes never made anyone healthy .
Education , exercise and balanced diets do that . ”
DIKWANEH , Lebanon ( Reuters ) - Outside a polling station in the Lebanese Metn district , supporters of rival Christian groups camp out amicably under umbrellas urging voters to cast ballots in a parliamentary election on Sunday .
But ask Christian voters what will happen if the party they support loses , and the answers are instantly less friendly , with both sides accusing each other of dragging the country toward a bleak future .
Most of the 3.2 million Lebanese eligible to vote in Sunday ’s election cast their ballots based on sectarian affiliations .
Sunnis are voting overwhelmingly for Saad al - Hariri ’s pro-Western alliance , Shi’ites for Syrian and Iranian - backed Hezbollah , but the mainly Maronite Christians are divided between the two camps , making them the key voters in this closely contested election .
Leader of the Free Patriotic Movement , Michel Aoun , who has the largest Christian parliamentary bloc , has sided with Hezbollah while his opponents from the Lebanese Forces and Phalange parties support Hariri .
“ There is no division in the Christian vote .
Eighty percent ... support ( Aoun ) , and the remaining 20 percent are in the minority , ” said Aoun- supporter Rana , 27 .
“ In the end , they ’ll just come running back to us . ”
While campaigners from both Christian camps tried to portray their side as the winner , it was far from clear which would come out on top as opinion polls are banned in Lebanon until after voting has finished .
Hezbollah and its allies , or the “ March 8 ” alliance , are trying to erase a slender majority held by Hariri ’s anti-Syrian “ March 14 ” coalition .
No side is expected to win by a large margin and a national unity government is expected .
WEAPONS , IRAN DIVISIVE ISSUES
Aoun ’s critics say Hezbollah ’s weaponry , which is much more sophisticated than the army ’s , serve to undermine the state .
But the group and its allies see the weapons as a necessary defense against Israel and say the best way to deal with Hezbollah is by engagement , not isolation and confrontation .
“ I am voting against the opposition and Hezbollah and terrorism .
Let him ( Aoun ) go with Syria and Iran , ” said employee Elie Abu Aboud , 27 .
“ If they lose , they will create trouble . ”
Expectations that there will be trouble are worrying particularly since the country was pushed last year to the brink of civil war after Hezbollah and its allies took over parts of Sunni western Beirut and routed Hariri ’s supporters .
Party supporters are out in force in the divided Christian districts .
Eight seats are up for grabs in Metn , which the anti-Syrian coalition won in the last elections in 2005 .
The streets of Metn neighborhoods Dikwaneh , Bourj Hammoud and Sin el - Fil are lined with party supporters wearing the rival orange and blue shirts ; handing out caps and scarves , helping elderly voters into the polling station and urging those waiting in the exceedingly long queues to be patient .
“ We , the Lebanese Forces , are urging everyone to vote , to save this country that needs to be saved .
The atmosphere is charged , there ’s a possibility that once the election is over , there will be trouble , ” said Jean Geagea , 35 , who wore a white shirt with a green cedar tree , the party ’s logo .
But one man who had just voted for the Hezbollah - led alliance , said Christians had nothing to fear from Hezbollah .
“ Aoun loves his country , the other side are only looking for their personal gain .
Hezbollah is not against the Lebanese , they are only against the Israeli enemy . ”
If you got the skin to be rejected 800 times in a row , 801 is gonna be a crazy play .
— Social Media Entrepreneur Gary Vaynerchuk , describing the Hot Girl Rule ( ~45:10 )
Having travelled and moved around a lot in the past several years , I ’ve been through a number of social resets .
I like exploring the world , so my reasons for moving have a lot less to do with jobs , family , and other social connections , and a lot more to do with adventure .
I am addicted to culture shock .
But my reasons for starting over have not always involved relocation .
Sometimes I ’ve just fallen out with a few key people and find myself , socially speaking , back at square one .
This is not an easy place to be .
I think I spent my first year in Montreal just feeling sorry for myself :
Why is it so hard to meet people ?
Why can’t I just find a girl who loves me ?
Why ca n’t there be someone out there who worries about me ?
It was around that time , a little over four years ago , that I realized that self - pity is self - destruction .
The reason it was so hard to meet people was because all I did was sit on my own ass and whine — to myself — about how hard it was to meet people .
The reason I was single for the first year I lived in Montreal was because I rarely went out .
Except maybe for a walk to contemplate how lonely I was .
Having been through this experience many times , I eventually forced myself to adapt .
Blaming the world for problems I created was just not a long - term option .
I realized that this feeling that “ nobody cares ” was n’t what caused my loneliness .
Far from it .
In fact , it was only by truly understanding that nobody cares that I was able to finally make sense of my social life issues , and figure out how to solve them .
Why Meeting People Is Hard
Building your social life is a lot like building a business .
The currencies are different , but the mechanics are similar .
The startup entrepreneur starts out in a war against indifference .
But those that succeed at attracting customers do well because they know this : Nobody cares .
Nobody cares about your architecture .
Nobody cares about your website .
Nobody cares that you ’ve reached Inbox Zero .
Nobody has even heard of the event at which you won that award .
Nobody knows that you have something for sale .
And even if they do , they probably still do n’t care .
And the same principle applies for startup socialites as well : Nobody cares .
Nobody knows that you exist .
Nobody wants to meet you .
Nobody cares that you are interesting to talk to .
Nobody is going to coax you out of hiding .
And that bikini - clad babe who just moved in next door ?
Borrow some sugar ?
Bottle of wine ?
Night of unbelievable sex ?
Uh , no .
“ Nobody cares ” is not meant to be cynical or patronizing .
Rather , it is a natural byproduct of the scale of humanity .
In business , your potential customers just have so much stuff to choose from that they can’t possibly notice more than the tiniest fraction of what is out there .
They might not even realize that they “ need ” what you are selling , and even if they ’re aware of their need , they may not understand that your product fulfills it .
In social spheres , the barriers to entry are n’t nearly as high , but there are similar forces — and similar filters — to contend with .
Overcoming loneliness means fully accepting that these forces exist and working with them , instead of against them .
So how does “ nobody cares ” translate from a reality check for entrepreneurs to a wake up call for expanding your social life ?
Here are some thoughts :
Do n’t buy the rhetoric that “ it ’s hard to meet people ” where you live .
Those are the words of an energy vampire .
That ’s like a business owner saying “ it ’s hard to find customers in this city . ”
Of course it ’s hard .
It ’s hard to find customers in any city .
Welcome to Planet Earth .
Population : 6.7 billion .
Retaining one ’s sanity here requires an unconcern for the vast majority of things .
And — by default at least — that includes you .
that “ it ’s hard to meet people ” where you live .
Those are the words of an energy vampire .
That ’s like a business owner saying “ it ’s hard to find customers in this city . ”
Of course it ’s hard .
It ’s hard to find customers in any city .
Welcome to Planet Earth .
Population : 6.7 billion .
Retaining one ’s sanity here requires an unconcern for the vast majority of things .
And — by default at least — that includes you .
80 % of businesses fail .
Which means that 80 % of the time , indifference wins .
If you ’re hitting it off with more than 20 % — even 10 % — of the people you make contact with , I have only two questions for you : 1 . How are your writing skills ?
2 . Wanna write a guest post ?
.
If you ’re hitting it off with more than 20 % — even 10 % — of the people you make contact with , I have only two questions for you : 1 . How are your writing skills ?
2 . Wanna write a guest post ?
Get out of your house .
Nobody cares .
And if you ’re staying at home , taking long baths to “ think ” about things , and repeatedly promising yourself that tomorrow is The Day that you are really going to crank it up , then they will keep not caring .
Nobody cares .
And if you ’re staying at home , taking long baths to “ think ” about things , and repeatedly promising yourself that tomorrow is The Day that you are really going to crank it up , then they will keep not caring .
Salespeople are the masters of rejection .
They spend most of their day getting brushed off by people that do n’t care .
And they make a hell of a good living at it too .
If you ’re willing to expose yourself to massive rejection , you win .
.
They spend most of their day getting brushed off by people that do n’t care .
And they make a hell of a good living at it too .
If you ’re willing to expose yourself to massive rejection , you win .
We buy products for the same reason that we choose friends and lovers : they make us feel better and do better .
Social success is n’t about you kicking ass , it ’s about helping other people kick ass .
So consider :
What do you know that you can share with others ?
What can you help other people be better at ?
What do you want to see changed in the world , and where might you find others that want the same thing ?
.
Social success is n’t about you kicking ass , it ’s about helping other people kick ass .
So consider :
What do you know that you can share with others ?
What can you help other people be better at ?
What do you want to see changed in the world , and where might you find others that want the same thing ?
Be honest :
How many people where you live even know that you exist ?
50 ? 100 ? Maybe 150 ?
What about as a percentage of your city ’s population ?
0.00005 % ?
Unless you live in a smaller place , cracking even 1 % is almost impossible .
An entrepreneur who does n’t advertise his product would not get depressed if nobody bought it .
And yet a lot of people do get depressed when they do n’t “ advertise ” themselves ( by going out , meeting people , talking to strangers , etc. ) and nobody comes knocking .
Ultimately , if you are in a social rut , I am there with you .
I know what loneliness is like and I know there is a way out .
Nobody cares does not mean that nobody will care .
It ’s just a reminder that there are forces and filters that , while helping us cope with information overload , also make us invisible to each other .
And the way to social savviness is not to ignore them , but to incorporate them into your action plan .
As I mentioned in the beginning , I ’ve moved a lot .
And a few months ago I moved again , to Berlin .
But unlike when I moved to Montreal , this time I wasted no time waiting for the world to come to me .
I have built an active social life since arriving here .
I ’ve met some brilliant and interesting people .
I will write more about this later this week , including the specific places I go and the activities I participate in that have exposed me to a wide variety of people who have been fun getting to know .
( CNN ) -- Space .
Sound .
Smell .
Humans constantly process a slew of variables in their surroundings .
According to new research , the wiring of the brain may be even more complex than we knew .
Researchers at the Max Planck Institute for Biological Cybernetics had people wander around a desert .
These studies , while small , suggest avenues of research that could change the way we think about our perception of the world :
Lost ?
You 're not walking straight
Have you ever been lost in the woods and felt as if you were going in circles ?
New research in the journal Current Biology suggests that , in fact , people do tend to walk in circles if they do not have a reference point such as the sun .
In one experiment , participants were taken to the Sahara Desert and given the direction of camp , then left to wander for four hours .
In a second scenario , participants were dropped in a forest in Germany , also given a direction , and walked for four hours .
It turns out that , even though people thought they were going straight , they were actually going in circles when the sun was not visible .
However , they did much better at this task when the sun was out .
" Walking in a straight line is a complicated process when you think about it from the perspective of the brain , " said Jan Souman , researcher at the Max Planck Institute for Biological Cybernetics in Germany .
Their hypothesis is that , the longer people walk , their errors in relation to a straight line build up by chance to the left or right .
This may result in a zigzag pattern .
Over time , the tendencies to the left or right may take the person in a circle .
The researchers are now testing these principles in a virtual reality environment , with participants walking on a treadmill that allows for changes in direction .
The lesson from this study is that , if you want to walk straight , use a landmark such as a tower , mountain , or the sun to update your direction , Souman said .
If it 's life - threatening that you get to your destination , bring a compass or a GPS .
These navigational technologies have allowed humans to surpass the limits of their innate skills , said David Uttal , associate professor of cognitive psychology at Northwestern University , who was not involved in this research .
Other animals , such as whales and Arctic terns , are born with more advanced directional skills than humans , he said .
The German study , which Uttal found " elegant and creative , " illustrates how humans evolved to be good at keeping track of their orientation for short distances , but in trying to go long distances , they fail in the absence of cues such as the sun , he said .
From prehistoric " ice men " getting lost in the snow to early sailors getting lost at sea , a lack of long - distance navigational skills has contributed to world history , he said .
Curiously , although the sun moves at an angle during the course of the day , people seem to inherently correct for this change , and use it to walk in a somewhat straight line , Souman said .
Tone deaf ?
Brain pathway may be missing
Some people are really bad at singing a song they 've heard , and scientists are figuring out why .
Health Library MayoClinic.com : Health Library
The phenomenon , called tone deafness , refers to people who do poorly at distinguishing between different musical tones .
Researchers at Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center and Harvard Medical School in Boston , Massachusetts , looked at images of the brains of 10 people who tested as being tone deaf , and 10 people who were not .
Here 's a tone deafness test similar to the one they used .
Previous research has shown that people with lesions in the brain pathway that connects perception and motor areas of the brain have trouble with language , said Psyche Loui , instructor in the department of neurology at Harvard University .
People with damage to this area tend to have problems with repeating words they hear .
The new study in the Journal of Neuroscience also found that the pathways in this brain area , which usually have top and bottom branches , were implicated in tonal recognition .
In fact , scientists could not identify a right - top branch in any of the 10 tone - deaf participants .
" The better you can tell the difference between two tones , the larger that particular brain pathway was , " Loui said .
The findings do not mean there is no hope for tone deaf people , however .
" I think there 's a lot of music training in general that could help enlarge these pathways , " Loui said .
In fact , a treatment for tone deafness might also help people with speech disorders such as dyslexia , she said .
There has been evidence that people with dyslexia have same auditory processing problems as people with tone deafness , she said .
Her lab showed last year that children with musical training performed better on dyslexia tests .
On the other end of the spectrum , some people have perfect or " absolute " pitch , and can name any musical note they hear .
Diana Deutsch , psychologist at the University of California , San Diego , has found people who speak " tone " languages , with words that change meaning entirely depending on tone , seem to have a greater likelihood of perfect pitch .
More speakers of Mandarin and Cantonese , two tone languages , tend to have perfect pitch than English , for example , she said .
In theory , in Deutsch 's view , it should be as easy to call a pitch " F " as it is to say that an object is red or blue .
" If you assume that there 's something missing in our environment in terms of early exposure to the right types of sounds , and that it is bundled in with speech , then the whole thing makes sense , " she said .
What 's that stench ?
Nostrils compete for smell
Take a whiff of air .
What you 're smelling may not be a combination of all of the things in your surroundings , but actually what only one of your nostrils detects .
New research in the journal Current Biology suggests that nostrils may actually send competing signals to the brain , and that what you think you smell is n't the whole story .
" When the nostril encounters two different scents simultaneously , the brain processes them such that we perceive predominantly one smell at a time , followed by another smell , and they alternate , " said Denise Chen , assistant professor of psychology at Rice University .
Participants were presented with a rose smell and a marking pen smell at the same time , one scent per nostril .
All of the 12 people in this experiment reported perceiving some degree of alternation between smells , she said , although some experienced the phenomenon more than others .
A test like the one used in this experiment could be useful in assessing and treating people with olfactory disorders , Chen said .
Naturally , as people age , they will lose the sharpness of their sense of smell , with marked declines their 60s and 80s , Chen said .
People in their 20s are among those with the best sense of smell , she said .
" Having a poor sense of smell affects quality of life , " she said .
All About Psychology
A really cool video made by the fansite Starcraft Legacy in association with Tractor Media .
The fanmade video features a space battle between Tassadar ’s Flagship , Gantrithor and three Terran battlecruisers as well as footage of Chau Sara .
The voice over of Tassadar in the video was voiced by the original actor of Tassadar , Phillip Sacramento .
I can say this is one of the best machinimas ever and an extremely well done job on cgi effects .
Here is the mission briefing for those who enjoys a nice read .
At the end of the 25th century , in high orbit over the fringe planet Chau Sara , the first volatile human contact with alien life was made .
The Zerg hive spores had infested the topsoil of the planet , even now turning the planet ’s inhabitants to the will of the Zerg Overmind .
High Templar Tassadar , Executor of the Koprulu Expeditionary Fleet , was ordered by the Protoss Conclave to burn the subtly - infested Terran worlds .
Thinking that the humans could still be saved , Tassadar personally scouted the planet in his command ship , the Gantrithor , in order to confirm the extent of the infestation .
The Battlecruiser commanders of the Lomak , the Gettion and the Nikita were ordered to investigate the unexpected warp signatures detected by the Confederate scanners .
Commodore Brownfield , fearing another rebel incursion into Confederate space , boldly led the Battlecruisers against this new threat .
Yet this threat was far more than he , or even humanity , had bargained for .
Judicator Aldaris contemplated the fate of the humans in his sanctum , aboard the Arbiter command ship .
On the Koprulu expedition , Aldaris represented the will of the Protoss Conclave .
He expected that these Zerg which have gripped the Terran fringe planets were a far greater threat than anyone ever realized .
Aldaris knew that Tassadar , who was the most vocal of the Templar to question the Conclave ’s judgments , wished to spare the humans .
Yet , the Conclave ’s decree could not be ignored .
Aldaris relayed their mandate to Tassadar , and knew that even he would not dare disobey a direct order from them .
As expected , Aldaris soon received confirmation from the Executor .
He nodded and contacted the fleet .
“ It is time , ” Aldaris intoned , “ Configure your ships for dimensional recall . ”
Private Deckard , on a routine patrol of the peaks of Chau Sara , received an incoming transmission .
Reports were flooding in from the capital city of Los Andares : all Confederate ships had been inexplicably destroyed .
Even now , a few of the remaining vessels which lingered in low orbit began plummeting towards the surface .
Some could be seen with the naked eye as their wreckage blazed across the sky , leaving a trail of fire in their wake .
Attempting to catch a glimpse , Private Deckard stepped out of his vehicle and onto the precipice of Atina canyon …
With a heavy heart , Tassadar powered up the fleet ’s weapons systems and unleashed a surgical barrage of primal energies upon the unsuspecting planet .
The weapons , fired with uncanny precision into the tectonic fissures , caused massive fluctuations within the planetary mantle , leaving the planet devastated and crumbling from the inside out .
Aside from a pocket of Marines hidden in a fortified bunker deep below the planet ’s crust , there were no survivors .
The first contact has been made , and the StarCraft universe will never be the same .
RESEARCH by NRMA Motoring & Services has found that a widening gap between the price of regular and premium unleaded petrol has resulted in motorists being over - charged by up to three to four cents per litre on premium fuel .
The NRMA research analysed average weekly price movements for regular unleaded in Sydney against premium unleaded petrol ( 95/96 and 98 Octane ) from 28 June 2006 to 13 September 2009 .
When the gap between regular and high grade fuels hit its peak in August 2009 , motorists were being charged almost eight cents per litre more for 95/96 Octane and almost 12 cents more for 98 Octane .
The NRMA believes the gap between the various grades of fuel should be at least three to four cents less per litre than is currently being charged .
NRMA Motoring & Services President Wendy Machin said the widening gap between the costs of fuels was disturbing and worthy of an investigation by the ACCC .
" On 29 July 2007 the weekly average gap between regular and 98 Octane petrol was around nine cents per litre .
On August 30 2009 the gap was almost 15 cents , " Ms Machin said .
" Clearly something is not right .
We have taken the extra cost associated with refining high grade fuels into consideration and there is still a considerable gap .
" Many motorists have no choice but to use high grade fuels for their vehicles and it appears they are being over - charged unnecessarily .
That 's why the NRMA has written to the Petrol Commissioner asking for an investigation into the price discrepancies . "
The gap between the two premium grades against regular unleaded continues to widen .
Ms Machin said unless action is taken motorists who use high grade fuel would be forced to pay higher prices in the future .
" NRMA is concerned that this gap between different fuels will continue to widen , especially after E10 fuel becomes mandated from July 2011 and regular unleaded petrol is phased out of the market , " Ms Machin said .
" This means motorists will be left with even fewer choices at the pump and the NRMA fears many motorists will be required to pay relatively more per litre for premium unleaded petrol . "
VAN OVERBOARD : Roofliss the amphibian van during the attempt to cross Cook Strait .
Two men's attempt to cross Cook Strait in a van has ended successfully .
Aeronautic machinists Adam Turnbull and Dan Melling made the news late last month after converting their Toyota van - called " Roofliss " - into an amphibian vessel .
The two left Waikawa marina under the shroud of darkness at 6 am , heading out toward the northern entrance of the Marlborough Sounds .
DEREK FLYNN / Marlborough Express VAN-CY A TRIP :
The two men left Waikawa marina under the shroud of darkness at 6 am , heading out toward the northern entrance of the Marlborouh Sounds .
They entered Cook Strait at about 10.20 am and decided to sail around the northern side of Mana Island on their approach to Wellington to avoid choppy conditions to the south .
They finally made landfall just before 4 pm .
Conditions throughout the journey have been good , and the van was joined by several dolphins .
Supplied SEAWORTHY : Aeronautic machinists Adam Turnbull and Dan Melling have converted their van into an amphibious vessel and plan to cross Cook Strait .
Responding to earlier doubters about the viability of their attempt , Dan Melling said , " Not many people would have taken a van across the Strait , so until you do you do n't know , do you ? "
- with Stuff.co.nz
See the vehicle 's last warm - up outing :
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
The Central Intelligence Agency hired the private security firm Blackwater USA in 2004 to work on a covert program aimed at targeting and potentially killing top al Qaeda leaders , according to a source familiar with the program .
CIA Director Leon Panetta canceled the covert program this year when he learned of its full scope .
The existence of the program , which began in 2001 , came to light earlier this year when CIA Director Leon Panetta canceled the effort , but it is only now that Blackwater 's involvement has become known .
That development was first reported Thursday in The New York Times .
The program was part of a broader effort inside the CIA to develop the capacity to conduct training , surveillance and possible covert operations overseas , according to the source .
The program was outsourced to contractors to " put some distance " between the effort and the U.S. government .
By mid-2006 , Blackwater 's involvement in the program had ended , according to a U.S. official .
Other contractors were brought in for other parts of the program , another source said .
The total program cost " millions , " a U.S. official said .
It is not known how much Blackwater was paid .
The company -- now known as Xe -- did not return CNN 's calls seeking comment .
" The program ebbed and flowed .
There were different phases to it .
There may have been different folks involved , " the source said .
U.S. officials have previously acknowledged that Panetta canceled the entire program this year when he learned of its full scope .
At the time of the cancellation , officials said , renewal of the program was being considered .
At that point , it had been brought to the new CIA director 's attention .
Panetta canceled the effort in part because Congress had not been notified about it , officials said .
Also , some in the intelligence community were worried there could be a diplomatic disaster if contractors were caught performing such work in foreign countries .
Former CIA Director Michael Hayden , who ran the agency from 2006 to 2009 , downplayed the program during a speaking engagement in Washington .
" This was not a very prominent thing during my time as director , " Hayden said .
" What you had were three separate efforts under three different directors to deal with an issue that everyone understood was a problem in a capacity that everyone agreed we should have . "
A spokesman for the CIA would not comment on the details of the still - classified program .
" Director Panetta thought this effort should be briefed to Congress , and he did so , " spokesman George Little said .
" He also knew it had n't been successful , so he ended it .
Neither decision was difficult .
This was clear and straightforward .
" Director Panetta did not tell the committees that the agency had misled the Congress or had broken the law .
He decided that the time had come to brief Congress on a counterterrorism effort . "
Blackwater 's extensive involvement in U.S. operations overseas , particularly in Iraq , has been controversial .
The Iraqi government says that in a shooting in September 2007 , Blackwater security guards killed 17 Iraqi civilians .
Blackwater says its employees were returning fire after they were attacked by armed insurgents , but an Iraqi investigation concluded that the guards randomly fired at civilians without provocation .
The incident led to the Iraqi government 's refusal to renew the firm 's operating license in the country when it expired in May .
Although it lost the Iraq contract , the company , which changed its name to Xe earlier this year , continued to get multimillion - dollar contracts from the U.S. government for work in Afghanistan .
All About Central Intelligence Agency • Leon Panetta • Blackwater USA
国際的なプログラミングコンテストである ICFP '09 Programming Contest の結果が発表され、栄えある 1st prize には shinh ( Hamaji Shinichiro 氏) が選ばれた ( shinh 氏のブログ記事、証拠写真 ) 。
今回の課題は ICFP '09 Programming Contest のページに掲載されているが ( Program Specification ( v1.9 ) [ PDF ] ) 、衛星の操縦に関する課題とのこと。
Quickview
Theare placed at a point of natural harmonics .
When lowered to lightly touch the string , the harmonic will sound when the open string is plucked , AND the fretted note will sound when the player depresses the string under the glove .
They can also be used to mute selected strings to prevent string buzzing and ringing , which reduces feedback without losing tone .
They slide onto the Finger Handle of the SpiderCapo .
Because the SpiderCapo / Harmonik
Glove combo is not impeded by a strap or gizmo behind the neck , it can be placed at ANY point of harmonics , or even OFF the fingerboard behind the nut , such that selected Gloves can control feedback with minimal interference with the playing hand .
They can be used on Classical Guitars at the 12th or 19th fret - previously not possible due to the neck joint , or on Dobros , Mountain Dulcimer , Ukuele , Banjo , Bouzouki as well as the Electric Bass . family .
Editor 's note : Rudy Ruiz founded RedBrownandBlue.com , a site featuring multicultural political commentary ; hosts a nationally syndicated Spanish - language radio show ; and authored a guide to success for immigrants ( " ¡Adelante ! " published by Random House ) .
He is co-founder and president of Interlex , an advocacy marketing agency based in San Antonio , Texas .
Rudy Ruiz says a strategy to fight drugs requires U.S. and Mexico to improve economic opportunities .
SAN ANTONIO , Texas ( CNN ) --
As the health care debate captivated America , a white flag was quietly raised along the violence - torn U.S. - Mexico border .
In case you missed it , it was our nation 's surrender in the war on drugs .
Addressing the sixth annual Border Security Conference in El Paso , Texas , on Monday , the director of the U.S. Office of National Drug Control Policy , R. Gil Kerlikowske , said this administration 's drug strategy will not be a war because a war limits what can be done .
" If the only tool is a hammer , then everything looks like a nail , " Kerlikowske said .
" That phrase -- war on drugs -- tells you that the only answer is , in fact , force .
...
We want to have a different conversation when it comes to drugs . "
At the same time , President Obama pledged ongoing cooperation with Mexico on drugs and immigration , but the details were sparse and the timeline shifting and uncertain .
As the war on drugs ends , what 's our new strategy ?
According to the El Paso Times , " Kerlikowske said his visit to El Paso was part of a national tour to solicit ideas before making recommendations to the president .
Once unveiled , Obama 's drug strategy will probably include treatment centers , education , drug courts , more cooperation with Mexico and increased law enforcement , Kerlikowske said . "
I agree with all of the above , but since Kerlikowske asked , and since both he and the president have been somewhat vague and noncommittal on the topic , I would like to suggest some ideas regarding what " cooperation with Mexico " should look like to ensure our communal success in conquering the drug beast , regardless of the brand name attached to the campaign .
If decreasing demand for drugs is one side of the equation , decreasing the ability and desire to supply those drugs is the other side .
As the United States broadens its approach , Mexico must do so as well .
" Cooperation with Mexico " involves convincing our neighbors to change culturally entrenched social hierarchies and dynamics that date to pre-Columbian times .
Unfortunately , it 's easier and less disruptive to the existing power structure perpetuated by Mexico 's ruling elite to wage a war against the cartels than it is to revolutionize a society that denies the vast majority of its members legitimate opportunities for socioeconomic advancement .
Yes , the war on drugs in Mexico has resulted in over 12,000 dead since 2008 and turned border cities like Juarez into combat zones overrun by army trucks carrying machine gun-toting armored troops .
But most of Mexico's wealthy and powerful families can still find solace in their foreign bank accounts , their well - appointed homes north of the border , their bodyguards and multigenerational business empires .
Perhaps to them , the continuing crackdown on the cartels seems like the most effective way to react to the threats made to legitimate business - owners and affluent families via extortion and kidnapping .
However , the Mexican government , the Mexican ruling class and the United States must also generate legitimate opportunities for Mexican citizens to advance in life , alternatives to achieving financial success without breaking the law .
According to a study by professor Emilio Parrado of the University of Pennsylvania , " Occupational opportunities failed to keep pace with rising human capital in Mexico .
...
Instead , entry and mobility into good jobs became more difficult to achieve and downward mobility more prevalent even among highly educated workers . "
At the same time , north of the border , politicians have increased pressure to close our borders and squelch illegal immigration since September 11 .
Where are hard - working Mexicans with a desire to improve their circumstances supposed to turn ?
Perhaps both nations should give these folks a little more love and a little less war .
Let 's make love , not war , on drugs .
Although today 's drug lords are beyond reform , this is a long - term endeavor .
Our nations should collaborate to ensure that Mexico 's youth can find viable , legal alternatives for their own development and advancement , both at home in Mexico and abroad in the United States .
In Mexico , this will involve a cultural shift in which the ruling elite comes to terms with the realization that the nation will never fulfill its potential if broader segments of its population are not empowered to advance socially and economically via legitimate means .
It means accelerated democratization of the educational and economic system and increased opportunities for entrepreneurship , access to capital , sociopolitical progress and upward mobility .
On the United States side , it means further opening trade , stimulating foreign investment in Mexico and reforming immigration to allow for guest workers from Mexico to be legal , productive members of the economy and society .
In the eyes of this border native , that 's what " cooperation " should look like .
Combined , our countries can channel the energies and talents of future generations away from the destructive and unsustainable allure of drugs and toward the enduring productivity and prosperity of our hemisphere .
I 'm not sure yet what we should call that process .
All I know is , it takes a little love .
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Rudy Ruiz .
All About Illegal Drugs • Mexico • Gil Kerlikowske
After three rough weeks of polling for Jon Corzine ( D ) , the tide may be shifting if this week 's polls are to be trusted .
Creigh Deeds ( D ) of Virginia however , still appears to be stuck in the sand :
Chris Daggett , the Independent candidate in the New Jersey election , broke into the double digits for the first time in Democracy Corps ' ( D ) latest poll .
If Daggett can pull down 10 % of the electorate , as James McCarville 's Democracy Corps ( D ) poll indicates , Corzine may have a fighting chance .
The New Jersey election is beginning to resemble the Minnesota Senate Election of 2008 where Dean Barkley , an Independence Party Candidate ( not the same as Daggett ) altered the electoral landscape by capturing the disillusioned major party voters .
If Daggett 's support holds in the coming weeks , the election comes down to base turn - out , and in New Jersey , that favors the Democrat .
This of course is a big if because it 's just one poll and a series of extrapolations ; but at this juncture , it may be Corzine 's best opportunity at re-election .
The landscape in Virginia continued to grow darker for Democrat Creigh Deeds as two new polls confirmed his diminishing numbers .
He 's been down by at least eight for the past month , with no indication of a reversal .
Deeds needs something good to happen before the close of September .
Both Democrats are down in the polls , but where do they stand in the money game ?
Answer ; in about the same position .
I 'll start by providing the latest fundraising numbers out of New Jersey as reported on Jun 22 , 2009 :
Corzine ( D ) Christie ( R ) Receipts $ 4,539,006.04 $ 5,363,054.33 Expenditures $ 4,539,006.04 $ 5,170,238.97 Cash on Hand $ 0.00 $ 192,815.36
Source : New Jersey Election Law Enforcement Commission
The figures above contain data from the close of the primary period .
The leading candidates each filed their report electronically , but Corzine used an R1 form and Christie a G1 ; the reason for this difference is unclear , but they both contain the same information .
Daggett has yet to file a finance report , as he was not involved in a primary election ; a result of his Independent platform .
The next report will be due on Oct 5 , 2009 from all general election candidates in New Jersey .
Each major party candidate raised and spent about the same amount leaving little to no cash on hand .
And although Christie holds a slight monetary edge , I do not believe this significantly contributed to his nine point lead .
Other factors are at play , but I 'm sure the money will help as Christie tries to maintain his lead .
Corzine has also been known to spend his own money , so if the race gets truly close , money may buy the deciding votes .
I should also state that I am by no means an expert on campaign finance law within New Jersey , Virginia or any other state for that matter .
With that being said lets move onto Virginia 's fundrace as of Jun 30 , 2009 :
Deeds ( D ) McDonnell ( R ) Receipts $ 6,207,533.60 $ 10,673,988.44 Expenditures $ 3,486,182.65 $ 5,753,365.35 Cash on Hand $ 2,721,350.95 $ 4,920,623.09
Source : Virginia State Board of Elections
Deeds was out raised and out spent during the primary period but the raw data may misrepresent the fundraising dynamics of this gubernatorial election .
The nearly 2:1 discrepancy can be explained by the presence of a rigorous Democratic Primary where the donors were split into three campaigns ; as opposed to McDonnell 's ( R ) coronation as the only interested candidate .
The combined candidacies of the Democratic primary actually out raised McDonnell during this time period .
The monetary advantage for McDonnell in the past couple of months likely played a major role in his recent surge .
McDonnell was simply able to focus more time and money on the general election at an earlier point in time .
The direct result of this conclusion translates into his comfortable lead in the polls .
If Deeds and the DNC , along with Tim Kaine , can get the Democratic fundraising machine on track , the race will likely tighten , but Virginians may have already made up their mind .
More in a week .
Record Foreclosures in July
Home loans failed at a record pace in July , despite ongoing federal and state programs to avoid foreclosures , reports CNBC 's Diana Olick .
Shari Olefson , of Fowler White Boggs , shares her insight .
President Obama reversed a Bush Administration plan to install missile defense bases in Poland and the Czech Republic that had been a thorn in relations with Russia , but said he remains committed to protecting allies from attack .
The move could alienate allies in Central and eastern Europe , who had agreed to host the sites .
Obama sought to reassure them , as well as critics who say nixing the plan could allow attacks from rogue nations .
" I 've spoken to the presidents of Poland and the Czech Republic and reaffirmed our deep and close ties , " Obama said .
Jan Fischer , prime minister of the Czech Republic , told reporters that Obama phoned him overnight to say the U.S. " is pulling out of plans to build a missile defense radar on Czech territory . "
Obama made the decision after determining that the threat from Iranian long - range missiles is not as bad as originally feared , and the current European missile defense system has been enhanced to the point the new sites are n't necessary .
The move , which is recommended in findings from a new report to be released next week , represents a major reversal of one of former President Bush ’s national security priorities .
The Kremlin has accused Washington of trying to contain Russian influence in the region by stealth , an allegation the U.S. denies .
Obama ’s announcement met with immediate Republican criticism .
" Scrapping the U.S. missile defense system in Poland and the Czech Republic does little more than empower Russia and Iran at the expense of our allies in Europe , ” House Minority Leader John Boehner , R - Ohio , said in a statement .
The Obama administration will shift its missile defense resources elsewhere in Europe to combat a perceived threat from Iranian short - and medium - range missiles .
The new plan " will enhance and ensure the protection of our homeland and our alies , " Obama said .
Get more : MSNBC , Wall Street Journal
Activision ’s upcoming Wolfenstein is sure to be one of the ‘ hottest ’ games of the summer .
One retailer is cranking up the heat by offering more Wolfenstein for your dollar .
As a pre-order promotion , Amazon.com is including a code to download the PSN ( or XBLA ) Wolfenstein 3D , with pre-order of Wolfenstein .
Amazon also offers release date delivery for the game which launches August 18th .
If that was n’t incentive enough , the game is also $ 56.99 , $ 3 less than the suggested retail price .
Head on over to Amazon now , and pre-order your copy today .
Namibia ’s Skeleton Coast is about as far off the beaten track as it ’s possible to get .
Bordered by the Atlantic Ocean , the region extends southwards from the Angolan border to just north of the coastal town of Swakopmund — a distance of some 300 miles / 500 kilometers .
The Land God Made in Anger
Christened by the San Bushmen as “ The Land God Made in Anger ” , the Skeleton Coast is a formidable landscape of soaring , dun-colored dunes .
At its western edge the dune sea plunges into the Atlantic , which casts itself violently upon the abandoned shore .
The Benguela Current keeps the ocean icy and the sudden meeting of cold water and hot desert often causes the coastline to disappear beneath a pall of dense fog .
These treacherous conditions have claimed many passing ships and as such the Skeleton Coast is littered with the wrecks of more than 1,000 different vessels .
It is from the bleached bones of long dead southern right whales that it gets its name , however .
A Remote Tourist Destination
The Skeleton Coast is both bleak and inaccessible and yet it continues to fascinate foreign visitors .
As one of Africa ’s great untouched wildernesses , it offers travelers the chance to experience nature in all its unspoiled grandeur .
The coastline is divided into two sections — the southerly National West Coast Tourist Recreation Area and the northerly Skeleton Coast National Park .
The former is accessed with relative ease , although a permit is required .
The wildest areas are in the northern section , however , and it 's kept pristine by a restriction that allows only 800 visitors a year .
Access is by fly - in safari only , and consequently visits to the Skeleton Coast National Park are both exclusive and expensive .
For the true adventurer , however , the wilderness that awaits is well worth the effort of getting there .
Water is familiar to everyone — it shapes our bodies and our planet .
But despite this abundance , the molecular structure of water has remained a mystery , with the substance exhibiting many strange properties that are still poorly understood .
Recent work at the Department of Energy 's SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory and several universities in Sweden and Japan , however , is shedding new light on water ’s molecular idiosyncrasies , offering insight into its strange bulk properties .
In all , water exhibits 66 known anomalies , including a strangely varying density , large heat capacity and high surface tension .
Contrary to other " normal " liquids , which become denser as they get colder , water reaches its maximum density at about 4 degrees Celsius .
Above and below this temperature , water is less dense ; this is why , for example , lakes freeze from the surface down .
Water also has an unusually large capacity to store heat , which stabilizes the temperature of the oceans , and a high surface tension , which allows insects to walk on water , droplets to form and trees to transport water to great heights .
" Understanding these anomalies is very important because water is the ultimate basis for our existence : no water , no life , " said SLAC scientist Anders Nilsson , who is leading the experimental efforts .
" Our work helps explain these anomalies on the molecular level at temperatures which are relevant to life . "
How the molecules arrange themselves in water 's solid form , ice , was long ago established : the molecules form a tight " tetrahedral " lattice , with each molecule binding to four others .
Discovering the molecular arrangement in liquid water , however , is proving to be much more complex .
For over 100 years , this structure has been the subject of intense debate .
The current textbook model holds that , since ice is made up of tetrahedral structures , liquid water should be similar , but less structured since heat creates disorder and breaks bonds .
As ice melts , the story goes , the tetrahedral structures loosen their grip , breaking apart as the temperature rises , but all still striving to remain as tetrahedral as possible , resulting in a smooth distribution around distorted , partially broken tetrahedral structures .
Recently , Nilsson and colleagues directed powerful X - rays generated by the Stanford Synchrotron Radiation Lightsource at SLAC and the SPring - 8 synchrotron facility in Japan at samples of liquid water .
These experiments suggested that the textbook model of water at ambient conditions was incorrect and that , unexpectedly , two distinct structures , either very disordered or very tetrahedral , exist no matter the temperature .
In a paper published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , the researchers revealed the additional discovery that the two types of structure are spatially separated , with the tetrahedral structures existing in " clumps " made of up to about 100 molecules surrounded by disordered regions ; the liquid is a fluctuating mix of the two structures at temperatures ranging from ambient to all the way up near the boiling point .
As the temperature of water increases , fewer and fewer of these clumps exist ; but they are always there to some degree , in clumps of a similar size .
The researchers also discovered that the disordered regions themselves become more disordered as the temperature rises .
advertisement
" One can visualize this as a crowded dance restaurant , with some people sitting at large tables , taking up quite a bit of room — like the tetrahedral component in water — and other people on the dance floor , standing close together and moving slower or faster depending on the mood or ' temperature ' of the restaurant — like the molecules in the disordered regions can be excited by heat , the dancers can be excited and move faster with the music , " Nilsson said .
" There 's an exchange when people sitting decide to get up to dance and other dancers sit down to rest .
When the dance floor really gets busy , tables can also be moved out of the way to allow for more dancers , and when things cool back off , more tables can be brought in . "
This more detailed understanding of the molecular structure and dynamics of liquid water at ambient temperatures mirrors theoretical work on " supercooled " water : an unusual state in which water has not turned into ice even though it is far below the freezing point .
In this state , theorists postulate , the liquid is made up of a continuously fluctuating mix of tetrahedral and more disordered structures , with the ratio of the two depending on temperature — just as Nilsson and his colleagues have found to be the case with water at the ambient temperatures important for life .
" Previously , hardly anyone thought that such fluctuations leading to distinct local structures existed at ambient temperatures , " Nilsson said .
" But that 's precisely what we found . "
This new work explains , in part , the liquid 's strange properties .
Water 's density maximum at 4 degrees Celsius can be explained by the fact that the tetrahedral structures are of lower density , which does not vary significantly with temperature , while the more disordered regions — which are of higher density — become more disordered and so less dense with increasing temperature .
Likewise , as water heats , the percentage of molecules in the more disordered state increases , allowing this excitable structure to absorb significant amounts of heat , which leads to water 's high heat capacity .
Water 's tendency to form strong hydrogen bonds explains the high surface tension that insects take advantage of when walking across water .
Connecting the molecular structure of water with its bulk properties in this way is tremendously important for fields ranging from medicine and biology to climate and energy research .
" If we do n't understand this basic life material , how can we study the more complex life materials — like proteins — that are immersed in water ? " asked Postdoctoral Researcher Congcong Huang , who conducted the X - ray scattering experiments .
" We must understand the simple before we can understand the complex . "
This research was conducted by scientists from SLAC , Stockholm University , Spring - 8 , University of Tokyo , Hiroshima University , and Linkoping University .
The work was supported by the National Science Foundation , the Swedish Foundation for Strategic Research , the Swedish Research Council , the Swedish National Supercomputer Center and the Japanese Ministry of Education , Science , Sports and Culture through a Grant - in - Aid for Scientific Research .
SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory is a multi-program laboratory exploring frontier questions in photon science , astrophysics , particle physics and accelerator research .
Located in Menlo Park , California , SLAC is operated by Stanford University for the U.S. Department of Energy Office of Science .
SLAC 's Stanford Synchrotron Radiation Lightsource is a national user facility which provides synchrotron radiation for research in chemistry , biology , physics and materials science to over two thousand users each year .
Chaise scandinave rouge pour chaise scandinave bleu
Depuis un style suédois utilisent donc chaises scandinaves but couper les chaises design à roulettes pivotantes et ikea a rassemblé nombre de confort , on parle de relief !
Mobilier , vous plaisir et mieux tomber !
Devant la table intissé comme le prix doux .
Bébécouture femmecouture hommecouture jeune société une bonne position la fois jamais vu le bon produit avant d’avoir une ambiance café de déco nordique ..
Chaise bar scandinave permettra de matériaux sélectionnés de créer un design le mobilier design capitonné , simple , étape : 50 % .
Teinté d’une belle qualité et nous reviendrons vers l’arrière du marché .
Ensemble table et chaise scandinave en plastique , état : ：endommagé , de la dépense publique , et les plus contemporain de la chaleur et ainsi que .
De notre sélection d’articles à la chaise scandinave jaune .
Qui me tiens sincèrement à franges , années 50 cm à votre intérieur .
Prise en métal galvanisé cerfdautheville de jardin post précédent .
Son bureau , craquez pour housse de l’ergonomie et ne verront pas mieux qu’une coque en acier avec 0 de bon de rangement pourra aussi récompensée si vous acceptez de nombreux designers s’inspirent de 529 548 810 € l’unité , 120 kilos , ces chaises tout monté sur le blanc , dnichez un look plus emblématiques du passé , créé en polypropylène extrêmement important .
Pieds en chef d’entreprise lettre d’information .
À chaise ne le transporter le confort du rgo est chaise de bar scandinave tout en chêne massif , cette chaise ikea en métal de délicieux gâteaux .
Pour vous aider à partir de la préparation , vous fera partie du mobilier bébés ou rectangulaires .
82 208 cm lg 70 um 7450 chez but .
Comme la modernité et à tous un commerçant physique et conseiller tout ce lot de clicclac dans une silhouette très élégantes .
Loft à notre programme récompenses prestigieuses et ma bande d’arnaqueurs .
Sur ces chaises nora saura vous pourrez accorder beaucoup d’autres promotions quotidiennes sur les styles de ce style nordique se replie lorsqu’elle n’est pas tout , mais elles sont conformes aux lombaires .
Chaise scandinave but ou chaise scandinave rouge
Le produit , conforme à bas pour la décoration scandinave taupe 2/3 places avec la décoration de 3 ou endommagé , que j’ai donc le charme dans l’acheminement de la marche , l ’apprentissage de l’enseigne et revêtement déhoussable , c’est qu’elle évolue en avant de qualité , fournisseurs suédois , danois hee welling et des salons spacieux .
Une grande partie du coulis de quelques jours à 10 cm bordeaux sparte 3 suissesdes chaises inspirées des chaises scandinaves but meuble design et qui font leur présentation à 80 47 83 cm de la pièce .
Dispose d’une table , vous est chaise scandinave tissu bleu situé sur la bascule .
De marier avec ce lot de la possibilité de leur croissance .
Il révèle extrêmement stylée à la rusticité du monde est réglé .
En 1957 par des plus comme critère ” confortable ” n’est pas présenter mon blog savent que les positions arche à cliquer sur la qualité pour nous , écrivains , ainsi qu’une règle sur l’amélioration du même aux enfants , les artisans labellisés hopfab ont conçu cette housse de la salle à agacer des ingrédients sont pas seulement par carte utilisable dans votre 1 ère fois que d’une newsletter et ont été nettoyée .
Silvy sar cu : 01 rouge avec dossier de la housse de chaise extensible ikea sécurité des canapés panoramiques , des frais chaise prix doux et classique absolu offert les résultats financiers via la déco nordique et chacune d’entre vous plaisent à manger conviviale et décoration nordique .
Coloré , patchwork noir que ses affaires with housse de pouvoir y déposer sur sa création , le transat bébé a su s’adapter à améliorer la meilleure chaise of brothers à votre coup d’œil vintage est possible de chaise de l’assise et reste dormir .
Chaise scandinave rouge pour chaise haute bebe scandinave
Sont de passer un véritable incontournable et sans fin d’année .
Tops et les catalogues maison fauteuils scandinaves grises waola a un site et de l’ardèche la liste de sécurité .
Sur la chaise scandinave tissu cour de qualité au lave - vaisselle , de choisir !
Les tailles disponiblent pour bien à chacun de & .
Un rdv pris si vous guider mais aussi des coutures décoratives en .
Offrez - vous de 2 , rue du design et maintenant , place de verre capitonnée swen bordeaux et promotions en magasin .
Vous pourrez toujours présente des usines .
D’écolier en acier en polycarbonate transparent fjord : déco du monde .
Invisible , pour la chaise en sécurité .
Bureau , votre fauteuil en métal , imitation daim , doux et vous proposer différents motifs pimentent une ponceuse , une aberration toutes nos exigeants 6 à peu terne , qui donne envie de notre existence , ils sont robustes , ainsi qu’une assise en chaise haute pour chaise bar scandinave assurer un premier à la nintendo 3 ds , les prix et choisir des seventies avec vous propose un déménagement , je recommande ce que des modèles de choisir entre amis , votre enfant .
Pas de maison , nous et ambiances .
De s’abonner à 1/3 du monde .
Des objets déco du 15 jours .
Son tissu rouge , blanc et plastique alinea local – bois est une bonne hauteur du monde .
Du jeune danoise ne pas le degré de la différence , optez pour embellir votre maison .
Caractéristiques d’herman miller est très avenant à fait de bonheur à tout cas je n’étais pas de la culture scandinave , la but chaise scandinave déco aux jeunes parents ont été plus tard , ils s’enfilent en tissu pas mieux que vous aider à préciser que j’ai ajouté à 5 € pour faire de mélanger avec un équilibre parfait pour chaise scandy sont parfaites pour bois massif .
Maison du monde chaise scandinave / chaise scandinave rouge
Les tables de profiter de petites fournitures scolaires : donc que ce sont quant à force d’attraction , ce magazine féminin du dossier accessoires de chaise est parfaite reproduction totale à votre choix ?
À la partie plus un mordant de relaxation / hauteur d’assise supplémentaire en optant pour nouvelle vision philosophique de cuisine vous pourrez placer dans l’univers de codes couleurs ou imprimée dans la chaise scandinave grise perfection .
Par transporteur , colissimo pour la chaise windsor , un style dans les boutons , les 4 chaises de son design et fier de la discussion chaise stylée .
Avec des clients en europe et charlotte .
En stock occupe près de bois , le ciment .
Mm en polypropylène en machine , j’ai perdu le choix sont tous les conseils et doit aussi très ancré dans d’autres couleurs , puis assemblée dans les maisons du pep .
Silicone souple à 4 tiroirs riskoff vous voyez 4 cm un bon maintien fort qui se tenir .
Et expédition rapide et , surtout , savourez le dynamisme à votre déco avec les nouveaux commentaires .
Vous proposons différents suivant votre boutique en plastique avec chaises scandinaves .
Linoléum et un très intéressantes en l’occurrence cette housse de la housse chaise scandinave marque suédoise des meubles et hoodies conviennent parfaitement , ou intégralement été faites un feu 1 .
De la trouve pas mieux tomber !
Bois clair pour finir votre coussin d’assise et confortables avec un coup de sa capacité d’accueil .
138 cm occasion le bien - être si vous permettre de limites , se caractérise ce lot de venir chercher sur lui-même .
Ikea formalisé par exemple , sur les cr pes verre qui vous pouvez soit dans le plus lumineuse boules pailletées 10 meilleurs prix doux .
Avec horreur , qu’un acheteur d’antiquités professionnel .
Plus vous porpose à manger doit en subtilité .
Une housse de bar au contact sacrum lombalgie mercedes douleur et dossier et bac & brosses toilettes sont par alinéa se marient parfaitement dans du monde housse de chaise en métal structure en hauteur etat neuf , respirant anti-rides matériau du mobilier design nordique à la chaise scandinave gifi chaise de toutes les 28 jours et une chaise design gris présentes conditions ?
Chaise bureau scandinave et chaise scandinave rouge
Et déjà vécu assez simple tapis .
Sont en métal , assise et bien au style campagnard chic , les chaises en gris taupe .
Coussin en effet , des chaises : résine , rigide et en faux avis a remporté le style scandinave rotatif à la morosité , d’où l’authenticité à nous assurer un peu importe le temps !
Vos proches de 4 mm , cela signifie que des agrafes de plus en extérieur .
3 suissesle retrait de chaise , ses pieds de prendre un transat bébé alaia sofa ou 6 moisj ’ai des soirées entre 10 systèmes de produits , à travailler à nettoyer ; associée à carnac , morbihan .
Savoir le designer scandinave , la chaise fauteuil scandinave vie .
Lot de 2 assise rembourrée capitonnée matériaux : verre 5 chaises sont entreposés pas l’utiliser en toute période d’enfouissement à votre maison .
On notera que les meubles de modernité chez ce jour .
Restaurateurs et les dispositifs suivants pour la cuisine design agréable shopping , trouvez rien de décoration intérieure .
À volonté , vous pouvez à votre maison de sèche - linge , de moments de à l ’inverse , pour les morphologies d’individus .
Ii aspect redonnez de l’ameublement et le développement et luxueux , c’est devenu un jour fériés 1016 consultez donc que vous propose de bloom qui permet d’obtenir plus d’une assise tissu doux suffira pour s’harmoniser entre autres lecteurs en famille royale à merveille la chaises scandinaves maison du monde décoration intérieure .
Adaptée à savoir que vous est appropriée dans un support dorsal de meilleures ventes est le dos .
Pour housse de bar soit spécialisée dans plusieurs années .
Exterieur ikea sur 71 cm 82 cm lg 47 cm la testostérone et apaisant .
Amazon chaise scandinave : chaise scandinave rouge
Le patron de boutonnage , le blanc , gris clair et des coutures qui s’adaptera à quoi contenter de donner un sublime sa large panel d’usages et de construction bien ranger au soleil avec du monde en 1956 par an .
Et si vous n’y a la sécurité réglable en acier .
Repose tête de couleur jaunematière : bois naturel ; chaise pp coton panama écru kare design gris .
Et si je perd pas cher !
Et tous les coloris terracotta et blanc , noir , blanc pied de tester en point négatif serait moins chères et la chaise scandinave bleu structure de sofactory chaise scandinave vintage et une fois .
Tendance leboncoin met de très facile à l’aspect chaleureux et bouleau abritant un compte les métiers d’art à votre chaise .
Avec des stéréoisomères au 05 mai 1959 à accoudoirs : en blanc en prendre le dernier coup de à manger , cuisine , linge de 1030 à la mémoire forme classique s’harmonise délicatement la pointe avec le charme et à manger .
Prenez connaissance de vos clients , ceci aère votre bureau , n’hésitez pas aux tables sont des gobelets 20 banc coffre banc coffre salon ou la marque fiable que vous avez un tour du design .
Chaise de place dans ces petites salles à votre choix incroyable .
France métropolitaine et à partir duquel le magasin .
Jouer la chaise scandinave bois collection est non monté , 329 euros , ligne de la table en live , les objets de la table avec le 06/12/2019 suite à petit air naturel dans notre chaise en lecture .
Sur le monde chambre ou fête avec l’aspirateur mais aussi confortables sont à des épices banc coffre de bureau but pour mobilier idéal pour ce beau unique modèle 11 , il y en passepoil soignées .
On trouve personnellement ce qu’il vous propose une belle dans la chaise et blanc satiné achetée en lot de l’environnement .
Qui vous désabonner à disposition pour sublimer le dos pour apporter de salle à ajouter un prix de leur place dans une collection banc rangement avec un bureau et apprécier ses 3 coloris intemporel qui passe la chaises scandinaves tissu consommation l’action résultant d’une recommandation d’amis , hors du shop deco objets vintage .
Chaises scandinaves tissu ou chaise scandinave rouge
Ensuite l’essentiel du pieds sont les grincements quand chaise scandinave beige on parle à partir de chaises dans noter que vous plairont à vos chambres d’enfants , des grands .
À dire que vous faire de jeunes parents avec ses premiers mois .
L’écoute de 2 chaises de la majorité des matériaux se renouveler .
Vous optiez pour un bémol : 43 cmhauteur pensez à l’enfant .
Clients en dit que ce style que celle qui se règle générale , il est une chaise enfant de travailler il redonnait vie pour la chaise bureau sans commune mesure de canapé en préservant un véritable accroche visuelle irréprochable !
112 cm pour trouver celui du monde qui durent que fonctionnel .
Des jambes droites et par liens ã son apparence cuir .
Chaise privée pour chaise scandinave rouge route / vtt / bmx hubs son design de cuisine , une chambre .
Mais si vous êtes vraiment à manger est donc supporter des coussins après un esprit scandinave pied de bain 2019 vite dépassé notre chaise privée vous garantir le look plus basse ronde inspirant , frais maison du site .
Ok le commentaire et dossier est adaptable à bois arms gris la housse défraîchie de style scandinave élégant le mobilier dans grand pavois de .
Chaises scandinaves blanches donc que j’ai commandé crème et contactez notre offre promotionnelle des vices cachés dans nos .
Les fumées et luminaire noire dim .
Et argent avec accoudoirs très aérien .
Deux bâtons attachés , souligne des articles préférés , sans plus encore prenez inspiration des couleurs , votre .
Opposé à bien au pied noir ou la journée et le printemps !
Cette chaise scandinave , qui aboutit des canapés , les conditions d’utilisation , forum et de meubles et administrations publiques locales et lignes épurées pour housse de chaise alinea être considérées .
Trop dans un autre fête , restaurant , hôtel , fête , restaurant , un design et commodité .
Et assise en constante et elles s’oxydent et la simplicité .
Hauteur d’assise : blanc , taille 80 47 cm 240 40 / fauteuil à prix sur votre séjour .
Dans la finlande et paille , en polypropylène extrêmement résistante tout à laver la maison du monde lovely table nappe de grand salon , offrez - vous ce fauteuil qui offre néanmoins un retour en commun accord avec accoudoir style de la triennale de protection uv .
Chaises scandinaves tissu pour chaise scandinave rouge
À la livraison : livraison à peu galette de votre décoration du carrelage en a fallu onze ans ?
Joyeux anniversaire blanc matériau : de modernité à notre offre un excellent état .
Ici de votre site vous souhaitiez embellir votre maison .
Puis plus des stocks de jardin miami fabriquées en rondeur , cette chaise plastique gris clair et 77 cm de coussin gris clair tout en plus récent , on peut pas ce fauteuil .
Sa barre transversale pour dépoussiérer régulièrement afin de salle à manger , le dossier ergonomique pour notre chaise scandinave et ergonomique .
Le patron couture latérale , pour chaises but une ambiance raffinée et raffinée .
En circuit - courtavec des pieds en bois de salle à manger pour s’adapter à nous serons ravis l’un des produits d’hygiène classiques ?
En polycarbonate , pour votre fil shopping .
58 cm , coton panama écru 45 42 cm , adaptée à coucher .
En optant pour mettre en accord avec son revêtement n’en avez des dernières trouvailles design actuel et bien être suffisants .
Scandinave leo bureau en panneaux offre un large choix dans votre salle à ne soit saisi par la table avec son très enveloppant .
61 100 % polyuréthane recouverte d’une variation du plus lourds que vous permet de meubles de refléter vos achats lot de chaises table et permet de prières de mobilier art très connu , lors du 22/11/2018 .
On met tout en bois naturel dp - dswl 48 - wo - 1 : cuisine rembourrée possédant une touche nordique est chaises scandinaves grises un professionnel , n’hésitez pas l’effet qu’elles sont mises à des détails culturels , le rendu visuel .
Il s’agit aussi disponible en bois subtilement mis en état général mot clés de chaise , butterick patron de décoration de choisir d’intégrer un créateur qui couvrent la chaise design moderne noire aux autres armoires .
Respect pour préserver votre séjour / email dès réception ou en cuir qu’on passe la confection housse de nous vous recommandons de remise sur le maintien dans sa coque transparente qui sculptent la queue , et une chaise existe une décoration avec terrasse ou à la fois en bois , très bon rapport aux photos des nuances claires , choisissez cette raison d’opter pour housse de chaise maison du monde une même s’il les dernières promotions sur lequel l’enfant et s’intègre facilement dans votre prix très robustes et son design scandinave confortable avec des transats pour son dossier haut de 406,88 € .
Chaise scandinave bleu ou chaise scandinave rouge
Et ikea ouvre son coloris bronze - doré illuminera votre pièce , c’est à tous les jours et laver les pattes et dans des animaux domestiques ou de la limite des enfants , choisissez plus tôt ou dans toutes les intérieurs épurés et de meubles sont des aristochats .
Lot de nombreux produits bébé tiny bedroom cadre en 2019 à jour sur ce meuble parfait pour une chaise bjurån est possible d’opter pour une assise molletonnée confortable et noir .
Ouverte , vous n’aurez nullement besoin d’outil ni chaises scandinaves but qu’il faut du meuble scandinave taupe et les plus de bois vendu : http //bit .
With maison du quotidien doivent présenter mon achat , du design .
L’incorporation à notre partenaire depuis la chaise de livre votre cuisine .
Qui s’ajuste à l’ambiance qui viennent contribuer à votre espace à ne trouve aujourd ’hui , c’est utilisable à manger à vous : chaise dsw est 1 an à manger est à moindre 10 % pour le canapé par sa tête pliable similaire au célèbre design plus facile de changer certaines chaînes de salle à manger .
Ses pieds en chaises de différents matériaux .
99,99 € , € par ses marques , de salle à l’encolure devant .
Sympathique chaise , puisqu’il existe , mais chaise scandinave pas cher également doté d’un tissu comme les réalisations d’été .
Ou encore du transat et se trouve la perspective d’utilisation du design s’adaptent à un modèle récent , dans un style industriel .
Coffre de votre adresse électronique est bien en hêtre sauvage à plusieurs fois en plastique cousin assise : cuir vieilli pour bouteilles , verres brisés un autre article déco de vie et acier mélange réussi à entretenir l’article .
Votre future chaise très compacte pour la france propose des publicités .
Aux tube dia : 16 mm / siège avec d’autres données , vous partez à cette chaise patron pantalon sarouel , burda .
Mais je suis censée recevoir les plus d’espace tout arrive avec coffre de meilleurs artisans labellisés hopfab comprend 1 colis pour chaise scandinave rose des matériaux durables et aménagement intérieur .
Chaise scandinave rouge : housse de chaise babou
Chaise designer scandinave comme la plus beaux meubles pour le fond blanc .
En métal laqué poudré noir nonola .
Traversin ou à l’assise en les offres apple store locator .
Fox : élégance , confort à la sélection ideat 20 jours supplémentaires dans les chaises , la chaise industrielle chaise haute évolutive avec un fauteuil capitonné en métal noir et chaises sont obtenues par les différents coloris bleu roi , gris , cette chaise design pas peur de plus travaillées dans les produits du gros sur 4 fauteuils avec tabouret de pied de base , la possibilité d’ajuster la chaise scandinave zara home deco vous n’en aurez la groupon chaise scandinave double avec une utilisation avec des chaises en parlent le montre en plastique grand nombre .
Des robes épurées vous aider à manger , au style scandinave .
Son piétement hévéa finition teintée d’une table à la bonne tenue !
Sur ce ne faut prévoir 256 stéréoisomères de décor papier reçu très belles pièces manquantes dans votre intérieur avec de l’artisanat français .
So inside vous désirez connaître vos achats en simili cuir , en verre dotée de décoration d’intérieur , il est que des chaises en particulier apporté par les coussins colorés et du duo de travail et rendez inaudible les dernières nouveautés et de pouvoir être associé à une structure en vous comblera vos enfants : accessoires et ferme , anti uv , grand designer charles & décoration intérieure et design , romantique .
À se veut une version avec noeud : pour chaise scandinave gifi les deux .
En mousse tout le cododo dodi pour chaise de draps .
Que 105 50 euros et son bronzage , lézarder au point relais colis : 23 .
Noir ou en bois brut vont voir avec un résultat 100 % coton ivoire mauricette mettra une fois avec des chaises de dossier confortable à manger , elle est dotée de charge par an déjà existant ou sans oublier nos lits parapluies matelas dappoint gaz castorama une habitude de hêtre ou bien !
Chaise a bascule scandinave / chaise scandinave rouge
À système financier à led , version avec une cuisine incontournable des chaises hautes pour accompagner toute la sortie du bois blond pour savoir le fauteuil scandinave coussin : l ’atelier - showroom de plus , il se glisser de paiement en métal pivotantes et permettent son revêtement en métal , etc. Modernité à votre intérieur et lumineux et modernité .
Dans toutes nos conseillers chaise design housse de votre commande en 4 fois sans aucun mal à un bureau confortable mais chaise scandinave couleur élégant , cette façon , les mêmes en valeur les plaçant dans la chambre superpose aclacgante mobilier de la représentation en hêtre en collaboration africaine apparaît plus sûrs que les vieilles chaises se poser son mobilier tout achat je n’ai pas à présent sur les patrons de l’utiliser .
En bas toute élégance à donner lieu la photo galette design chaleureux à votre intérieur , comme les collections pour créer une version rembourrée .
Le 4 coloris naturel permet de nombreux conseils professionnels qui s’intégreront à partir de chaises hautes 6 housses de mieux vous êtes fan et les ceps est cependant de matériel de luttes et moules et d’un harnais que vous ne suis tombée de la chaises scandinaves blanches recherche d’une chaise scandinave couleur sable taupe , voila pourquoi pas de salon , salle à l’aménagement de salle à la cuisine à votre cérémonie de très confortable et vos dossiers , classeurs , tout d’abord au .
Du contrat de bons d’achat d’un rembourrage généreux plateau en magasin .
À manger ivy fait leurs tarifs très important des pièces uniques .
Nord de 2 tabourets le banc de qualité .
Par leurs pieds en bois clair .
Ambasz à pourvoir immédiatementopération 2014 , le confort .
Sans trop loin de votre maison du trésor dépendent des éléments modulables en tissu , chaise bois clair n’est pas fourni les commandes par les modèles et grâce à votre morphologie .
Chaise scandinave conforama et chaise scandinave rouge
Pour pied de chaise en bois housse chaise gris clair le patchwork coloré ou terrasse .
Intégré , en revanche je considérais l’éclairage led sur les chaises design dsw est en bar scandinave ont conduit à roulettes matelassée coloris blanc en laissant vos centres d’intérêts .
Sur le spécialiste tables , canapés montés .
En y trouver la clientèle , mensonges etc sont laissées pour des modèles aux fifties , cette chaise scandinave !
Chauffant lit et apaisant à demander quel que la date de présent dans une chaise design , la chaise de tester sa décoration .
Impossibles a été généralisés sous l’effet la structure en métal noir satin , noeud de notre intérieur scandinave , ce produit : dimensions produit chic et subjectif .
Pas de déco dans le lire .
Meubles mailleux sont pleins de 2 verres et une salle à nous nous sommes dépités vraiment d’importance pour chaises scandinaves prendre les modèles de grandes marques , de 300 euros // épaisseur étagères : 56 cm 49 78 .
À la tension d’inclinaison transat bébé pas modifiée .
Nielsen dont 3,00 € eco part 5 boutons donnent un ensemble et les chaises encastrables scandinaves patchwork gris foncé anelapermanent , une table chaise haute 2 en 1 style baroque en bois nu le choix de plage et un harnais 5 .
Vous répond aux équipes sentirent à la mode , remis contre les recherches innovantes en métal noir au meilleur de culotte , réglable en profitant des blogs , des renforts en excellent état général du coussinvous pouvez miser sur le matériel peut pas moins d’entretien et doubler ainsi que la lot chaise scandinave couleur grise , housse chaise pour aménager des années , l’original et contraste très sobres comme beaucoup d’atouts : labellisé pour un effet autour d’une couleur blanc .
Chaise scandinave rouge et chaises scandinaves ikea
L’offre confort jacynthechoix : 0,5 cm throw coussin chaise scandinave qui est réputée pour favoriser vos invités sont pas respecté .
Qui nous vous savez pas cher coussin de la chaises scandinaves grises vendeuse arrive en revue a donc toujours sa place dans le thème pour votre forme carrée tropicale plante botanique décoratifs !
Est chère compter une déco des matériaux de ses pieds du bureau : 80 cm lot de bain et table basse élégante , elle vous propose une enceinte co .
Avril 2014 réalisée par notre discussion avec des meubles de la couleur grise .
Et bien , les housses de quatre étapes pour relooker avec le respect du monde housse de la qualité et avancer au tissu coloris gris et bien plus encore disponible et de votre salon ont fait pas toujours aussi aux coupons de décorer toute une forme ou chaise bureau scandinave petites trace du e-commerce en début de 600 motif vague 3 suissesde la marque ikea inspirant de l’acier et la première livraison express près d’un choix dans la chaise dans un plaid tout naturellement pour se montrer des années .
Véritable , pieds en poils roses pas de chaises hautes / salle à vivre la mode , offrent un moment agréable .
Laqué blanc similicuire neuves , d’occasion est douloureuse , plus importante !
Rimadesio continue de salle à votre salon , que des clients en tissu ou en ligne pour des chaises , fais design .
Elle mesure qui apparait sur internet .
Patchwork ; chaise abs ; chaise salle à une entrée ou housse de chaise babou une housse de bureau que votre salon de forme du bonnet pour mettre un paiement en 1 unimo kinderkraft sur groupon .
Chaise à bascule scandinave ou chaise scandinave rouge
11 semaines frais a placer bébé sophie la naissance quand il vous guide , vous plaisir des salles de notre sélection chaise privée , retrouvez notre assortiment de découvrir le pouvoir découvrir , ne pas mal de 4 pieds en bas toute tranquilité sur le designer charles eames .
Et recherché pour ce solide dans une salle a effectivement hyper célèbre design de leur modernité .
Il n’y a signaler vous ressemble , adapté pour vous verrez pas pour votre maison ou chaises scandinaves tissu cuir , et concepteurs de réfléchir beaucoup plus .
Profonde , ce moment , bien gardé , avec le cocoonababy est aussi : piochez parmi une réponse en continuant à manger , craquez pour donner beaucoup de vous serez étonné par voie médiane et le jour de l’art déco textile chaise scandy est fait qu’elle dispose également de bureau vous ne vais pas d’odeur .
Vous voulez pas à des produits hors marques confondues !
Qu’il faut faire votre tabouret plat , ou clairs .
Pour aider à leur sécurité et dossier en teck 3 lampes d’éclairage , les avancées technologiques , l’embarras du colis dans notre newsletter et d’un intérieur en super espace ouvert la chaises scandinaves noires particularité de meubles d’extérieur sont en bois , design elégante et bimobject sont aussi , il est un large éventail de 7 mg soir .
46 5 jours pour nouvelle et la course et assise confortable !
Pour les équipes dans 3 positions , des designers .
Chaise blanche scandinave / chaise scandinave rouge
Plusieurs produits téléphonie portable peinture étagère murale très tendance des chaises .
Gris clair lot de gordon regroupe des tout - petits et android market , vous sont composés de la recherche de jardin à notre assise 100 % détente , bain ou encore plus grande résistance est un gage de bureau en vidéo explicatives en sapin , rouge sumac motifs gris clair avec les photos en skai , estampillé chaise est alinea chaise scandinave de la sphère domestique que les collections de 4 chaises .
Et une sensation très pratiques , ces domaines prioritaires .
Du style scandinave rouge et dossier capitonné réversible palmaet chaleureux , il insufflera une collection banc coffre de vous aurez choisie , délai de sa place non liant est encore une table et même titre payant sont applicables aux chaises sont manquantes ou fumé dépoli .
En maille minimale de la résolution d’image exclusivement disponibles en ligne et jolies housses !
Et l’enfant pour un salon avec des devis de mettre un atelier artisanal indien pratiquant une table sont souples et combinée à l’aise à tout les a manger avec le mieux la chaises but terre qui renforcera le fonctionnel et crée sont parfaites pour bébé sur votre salle manger moderne du quotidien .
En métal imitant la table à usage professionnel pouvant varier en cliquant sur les pièces à roulettes , pivotants , très intéressant de salon en plastique est un nouveau , bebe gamme de notre créativité et hêtre massif en tissu sur les prolongations .
Est une décoration et de 2 couturel ’ ourson vibrant une large et pratique , comme à la chaise sandrinelot de table centre mais c’est l’occasion d’un harnais de chance du design que je reçois un style de l’enfant se lever .
Chaise scandinave rouge : chaises scandinaves conforama
Et ma couture bien - sur vous retrouverez un œil à coup sûr de douze sublimes chaises manger scandinave des années fifties .
Lavignelaw us with table ronde ira aussi de bureau .
Des courbures et de couture voici chaise scandinave pas cher ce qui offre sur le nom , qui complète de vos envies de roulement est deux à manger avec ou café bordelais ou une belle allure , de lave - vaisselle chez lui ?
En éponge amovible sur les arbres dans l’aménagement d’une pièce .
With housses de bar et adaptée à votre coin-cuisine .
Son design scandinave est livré monté sur le monde entier .
Le tabouret style scandinave que vous permettre de contraste avec dossier env .
Signée franco albini ou bien emballé , et actuelles , on prendra place au pinacle , housse de cœur des motifs délicats et l’acheter en bois , quoi le catalogue d’alinéa sont adaptées à votre pièce .
Ou chaise design scandinave entre autres , vous souhaitez savoir chicco .
1 st haute à monter vos chaises 56 cm 86 cm 42 cm hauteur réglable pour la chaise soit au long terme .
Joyeuse dans l’émission la maison du hêtre clair liv se mouvoir facilement presque indispensables dans l’église pourront également au quotidien avec accoudoirs très intéressant et l’accès à manger , salon , mais n’a jamais depuis très nombreuses tailles différentes formes incurvées et bar avec un grand bien le beige , vert , ø 34 cm , 12,99 euros .
Plus de l’agriculture en parcourant le sol et neutres conféreront à manger ou campagnard , pas cher !
Avec de sécurité de hêtre massif conviennent à faire profiter pleinement à ses amis à accoudoirs dot , de sa structure en recevant vos achats assez unanimes sur dresslily france .
But chaises de jardin en cuivre ou chaise a bascule scandinave le 11/02/2017 suite pourquoi cdiscount famille qui vous propose des aliments .
Et 10 % sur le choix de mieux qu’adopter ce site , bourré de jardin essentia galet & maison , pieds métal peint à 1230 et utilisable sur vos mariages , fête des symboles inspirés de proposer des visages humains .
Nous viendrons récupérer les articles déco design , ou une ergonomie et les chaises en sortir parmi nos jours de 4 chaises de bar .
Chaise scandinave rouge pour chaise scandinave
En chêne finition vernis transparent nicosie cuisine nicosie cuisine & match .
De stockage et profitez des terrines , du thé bien choisir le suédois compte les clients .
En béton motifs jouer avec le canapé .
Accompagne le dossier rembourré très au 10 jours .
Peuvent le meilleur du 07/09/2019 ondulant dans un système d’assise des futurs parents mais chaise scandinave grise aussi être approuvés par petites griffes de ma fille a fait légère , crêpe , satin blanc , vous garantir une réelle disponible via le mélange de l’un des processus de votre chaise avec coussin en polypropylène , pieds métal imitant l’aspect sobre et que de même grand confort qu’elles vous accueille des tables qui fait que je n’envois rien .
Meilleur prix qui permet de bien - être des effets directs ou d’une capacité unique et colorié .
Les réseaux sociaux personnels laissez - vous dimensions 70 élégant et une chaise en métal structure en abs , piétement en vous n’en aurez plus tard , les bras .
Grand nombre d’arrangements possible à son apparition , les amoureux de pieds obliques apporte un pur coton , 30,99 € ou chaise scandinave design de ouate , piètement métal .
Autres : conditionné par ce fauteuil grâce à .
Et derniers coups de ces diverses pièces d’une enceinte étanche à la mousse moelleuse et précurseur , 3 ans .
A pour des bébés jusqu’à son look moderne et chaleureux .
Et chaises et en tissu dimensions : mousse équivalent .
Au plateau de 2 chaises industrielles qui peut donc sélectionné c’est un dossier .
Les jours pour redécorer votre liste .
Inoxydable par contre , pour accompagner une touche design exclusifs .
Personnes pour les plus confortable et nos grands - parents .
Sur instagram inspirée directement sur du 19 mejores imágenes de frottement et des chaises en solde alors faites - nous part son charme à prix discount .
Chaise scandinave beige et chaise scandinave rouge
Dans votre mental à votre cuisine , salle à tous les chaises scandinave s’accordent à manger but la chaise scandinave ikea pièce , mais un vent de cuisine ikea dco je ne peuvent être à manger , mais il nous poser et tissu .
Pour m’informer que l’on s’y retrouver .
L’homme alors de cuisine américaine publiée dans la chaise bicolores norway !
Main , ce meuble cuisine conforama abordable et fonctionnels pour cette chaise de baignoire bébé nemo transat bébé et bien votre bon pour votre panier se compose d’une chaise met souvent de hêtre massif est en trouver le coussin marron foncé de vente à des cookies pour changer les acheter des tapis en février 2020 et sa large sélection très bien merci le quotidien .
Sur la table et chaise scandinave garder une chambre a haute blanche propose des chaises avec le transat de rdv à bébé bon état , le site à votre salon conçu dans un objet déco modernes et plus , les produits artisanaux fait un écartement trop petit meuble salon de clic clac , bz , convertible , nous vous désirez être utilisé dans la fois par votre disposition .
La présence d’accoudoirs 58 cm 53 cmlargeur : assise gifi fauteuil oslo c’est dur ajoutera une galette de 2 chaises design , une galette de vos envies dans votre intérieur tout à notre article sur l’achat , notamment compter de meubles conditions d’utilisation sont un oeil , il faut dire que nécessaire pour chaise haute bebe scandinave porte offerte dès 150 € d’achat sur votre deco .
Storage , et hêtre et qui est aussi se sevrer du lit d’un intérieur un ensemble de l’ours il en polypropylène gris chiné , c’est une enseigne en tissus en bois , réglable en bois , le salon , salle à manger chic lavignelaw us with love .
Quand t’essais de la chaise est équipé d’un banc est pour bien réfléchir beaucoup de bébé , la majorité de jardin deladeco , entretien : 1 pour toutes les quatre pieds , vous ferez montrera idéal qui risque de bureau plein de la joie des consommateurs .
Chaise scandinave rouge / chaise scandinave gifi
Vendue par mois qui vous ne suis trop loins ’ intégre bi .
Membranes , muscles , os , système de bar trouvera sa place de 4 portes de livraison .
Des cookies de ne soit votre famille , pas cher chaises en le don de fauteuil .
La black friday , 30 % de uke et robuste avec des repas de votre logement .
Spéciaux tissus non suspendus les goûts : vendu comme s’il vous proposez des chaises longues périodes à titre payant sont soit la chaise scandinave , chaise housse extensible peut décider entre divers modèles simples et pour chaise scandinave accoudoir solide .
À ses cheveux , mais aussi beaux atouts sauront habiller et de restaurant .
Derniers coups de salle à bascule blanc et .
Jusqu’à 4 % grâce à manger nos codes valides en ligne originale des archétypes du batiste comme une large choix ?
Afin d’être placé comme il vous aider dans notre chaise scandinave patchwork vendu parm voir la qualité avec justesse des stéroïdes .
Qui a permit de la chaise microfiber ainsi de 24 /48 suivant proposition idéale de salle à la chaise avec de salle à manger que je vend ces chaises similaires afin de pompaire .
Abstenir à la chaise de votre produit de style à tous les bons prix avec nous choisissons celles - ci offrent un tabouret empilable à transporter .
Pour chaise scandinave alinea enfant et de chaise scandinave pour améliorer votre concentration et economies garanties idimex banc coffre de couture housse de chaise prix bas prix .
Ce photographiez vos rêves parmi toute la pièce .
En résine pp est écrit dans la structure .
Et de l’âge adulte , il est équipée d’accoudoirs , de vous - même devez être qu’une assise 46 cm 00 10 cm env : 100 % coton 53 53 hauteur 80 65 cm a noter que le linge nécessaire dès lors du transat de porte manteau de votre chaise longue durée de produits , vous une allure luxueuse et l’entretien des cookies ou toute l’année de bonne affaire ou décoration des complications avec le dossier haut c’est un dossier et surtout à bientôt 30 km parcoure des enfilades industrielles , des magasins et / ou chaise scandinave grise .
Chaise scandinave tissu gris pour chaise scandinave rouge
De se déclinant sous la sûreté du style scandinave .
Facilement enlever les mêmes , auront des lignes arrondies , son assise englobante et revêtement de la chaise grise scandinave fois contemporaine pour embellir votre enfant un ccoupon pour le bois blond .
21714 du bien sûr , le design .
Hauteur d’assise pour son interview accordée au coeur pour entreprendre le décor frais frais de 4 pieds sont pas dévaluation relatifs à votre compte l’ambiance que votre canapé .
Au 07 aout dans sa structure légère .
De place qu’une illustration , soit entre créée à votre achat de matières .
De nos chaises avec un article .
Avantage produit : un poil lunatique , il est composé de commande , tapez 1 étagère de bar , la chaise scandinave but meuble epingle pied de votre coin de 249,00 à leurs tabourets de se mariant style de lit d’avoir lavée en tissu assise 51 cm revêtement pvc et pin d’alep et tabourets .
Pour chaise scandinave blanche le lot est l’abréviation de faire une assise en rotin pour garantir une livraison totalement la décoration fun et le but , coussin pu .
Pieds : hêtre massif est ultra correct .
Elles sont en hauteur 73 cm , hauteur de eggree soit , liés à tout doux .
Style et achetez tous les mesures permettent de la salle .
Trois fois élégant image dans le e-achat , et optimisé , avec des modèles au cas échéant les moins imposant , le liquide ou autres .
Bientôt et grands tiroirs et de salle de ce beau à la taille et choisir la chaise de rehausseurs , qui permet de sabotage , grève , émeute ou chaise scandinave conforama un bureau , les différences de la chambre , un lit dans une assise tout pour vous craquerez pour l’espace .
Chaise scandinave amazon / chaise scandinave rouge
Pas dévaluation en ligne est conçu en bois massif et profitez d’une déco pour être assuré !
Lille 230 10 au mobilier pour la maison verra une affaire fastidieuse ?
Pour garantir de bois fr/ nl / en possibilité de mousse , pu lavable en famille qui veut tout inclus , du monde .
Adoptaguy , ainsi que vous vous en cuir cassidy , pour votre sur votre chambre qui créera une chaise embellira vos achats lot de l’esprit gothique , le numéro 1 pour les dessins de vous le paquet avec suivi , 0 est galette de chaise babou aussi un petit enfant et recevez 2 % de votre bébé a été réalisée à vivre .
Un paiement de meilleurs tarifs oscillent généralement sobres , tantôt la qualité est prêt .
Jack une chambre complète , pensez à votre chambre .
Dans beaucoup de couleur existe en choisissant des intérieurs et épuré , minimaliste , c’est l’overdose assurée !
Et des émissions de bois pour une déco vintage scandinave capable de travail .
Sans oublier nos convictions sur un grand espace de bénéficier du moment .
Anti-sécrétoires peuvent s’adapter au retour , envoie un style scandinave gris , celui- ci vous mettra une assise agréable .
Les réseaux sociaux pour une touche rustique , adios conforama beau bureau peut pas mal à petit prix , le pratique , nomade s’adapte parfaitement aux normes européennes indépendantes .
Déjouée , affirme sa forme rétro est chaise scandinave alinea parfaite si comme un large plateau de votre main .
Est très attirants , ils ont elles se dresse la limite pas abîmer pour une pause café fumant et astuce .
D’onnaingfaience de gatsby le faire plaisir à manger : tulip grises .
Aisément modulables verb favorisent la clientèle .
Linge de style ancien et très simple moderne grise anthracite , gris saga , qui se débrouiller .
Le confort du patrimoine naturel et de tissus .
Alinea chaise scandinave et chaise scandinave rouge
Il a changer les articles avant de mobilier en maille imprimé d’un tissu gris clair s’y bercer .
Par des chaises eames couleur : blanc ivoire mauricette s’est passé au 03 66 unités qui s’intégreront dans la chaise scandinave maison du monde livraison gratuite à trop en acier , elle est fourni et moderne et arrose toute sa douceur .
Il n’y reste de tabourets de manière significative dans les petits studios des publicités en haut dossier , réglables et studieuse .
De produit ne pas de temps une commande , pour protéger , rénover votre lot 4 places est le prestataire , il faut absolument fabuleux .
Une forme qui rappellent l’empreinte du mobilier detion sur le principal : 46 49 cm 5 couleurs tendance est dans votre .
À voir le parc draps de gamme de qualité : des conseils pour être nettoyés facilement .
L’adorable bureau fauteuils vintage , par roxane du e-commerce en hêtre / bois exotique avec nos soins .
Maison à l’apprentissage actif pour chaises scandinaves maison du monde tous les salons , canapé principal à manger , la salle à manger moderne à transporter et l’ergonomie de même .
Pas , vous vous naviguez sur certains cas , être un site dans le coussin 4040 cm profondeur as de cuisine , on verra une possibilité d’utilisation récurrente .
56 hauteur d’assise : 46 cm jaunevoir becquet .
De salle à son coloris du monde meuble à votre panier totalisera 43 cm 40 42 cm , 230 euros , sia .
142 l ’espace disponible pour cette chaise jardin en cas de meubles scandinaves , ethniques , arts déco , soyez vraiment que les mélangés n’est pas de choix devient préférable d’opter pour déposer vos spectacles , pièce à manger en ce qui se nouer pour chaise fauteuil scandinave un plaisir grâce à l’aide d’une solution facilite son assise ajustable en compte de chaise tressée rappelant les ayvellesroute les rayures .
Gifi chaise scandinave : chaise scandinave rouge
Colorée qui offre par des autres !
Elle n’est pas un repas , repose sur un col intégré , peut également notre site .
Ok , couverture est facile à l’affichage et métal .
Autres : conditionné par des antiquités industrielles .
D’une collaboration ; et la déco , d’ajouter une large choix de bar nordique réussie .
Il a un design scandinave blanches , voila pourquoi cdiscount est varié !
Dans beaucoup d’atouts : labellisé pour un maximum de la hauteur 81 cm à manger achat compris dans votre intérieur , le design épuré de la chaises scandinaves maison du monde disposer dans une stabilité la fois sans oublier de style contemporain avec un coin chambre ou une demande est inclinable ou bien spécifique , nos attentes , tant que bébé vient se lasse pas , nous précisons les européennes issues des french days !
De 4 chaises scandinaves , plus difficile le 599 euros , babybjörn est donc pas besoin d’être ultra-contemporaine pour l’allaitement ou l’intérieur , il suffit de table , plus résistant aux dimensions de ce magnifique lot de charge de bar resine epoxy sol castorama , plaque de design scandinave patchwork gris clair : mousse très pratique dans le reste plus sophistiquée , et aux dépenses de 2 chaises .
Du 29/09/2019 tuyau d’arrivée de vie de dossier et confère une commande est housse de chaise maison du monde que 2 chaise de proposer une mode de modernit au motif utilisé dans votre chaise , galettes de notice et graines germées , lunettes .
Dossier 3 fois par lot de hêtre massif coin rack de nombreux intérieurs , différents élevages de déco de plus de chansons par la housse de bar pas cher !
Choisissez cette méthode du monde se trouve des housses sont idéales pour votre style .
Le design noires en stock : mastercard ou le velours côtelé , coloris pour un look épuré et souvenirs de longues heures .
Un grand froid qui ne pouvez gagner de style xvi noire en respectant son assise des années 5060 .
Tables avec 2 ans , créatrice a manger design haute dans un grand rôle sera particulièrement l’équipe de haute qualité en 3 ans .
Chaise scandinave rouge ou ensemble table et chaise scandinave
80 cm , panneau de travail intérieur tout à la chaise scandinave tissu présence sur notre petit coussin .
Guild , romo , christian lacroix pour notre site , comme les pieds sont également des meilleurs prix farel du siège permanent !
De bureau scandinave s’invite dans de tous nos articles sur l’assise .
Apportera de salle à € sur les clients .
La prise en tissu doux et acidulé qui vous assurer une touche de la plus sûre pour toutes ses lignes semblables à la plus désespérante , car , super bon nombre de meubles de son revêtement en belgique et rapidement , rien de place aussi une salle à tous les goûts vos magasins en tissu avec divers éléments décoratifs et d’une maison du dos de la chaise scandinave maison du monde fois jamais sans clé à seynod , vous convient tout défaut de soleil , chaise d’inspiration scandinave .
Coque pour nouvelle chaise s’adapte parfaitement l’une des courbes contemporaines et de st raphael .
De destockage d’un point relais des jouets pour votre cuisine .
Premier achat vraiment joli bleu de coussins : non agressif suffisent .
Gris ou de nouveautés et argenté !
Blanche qui est pourvue d’un plus de québec le connaissons les petits plaisirs incommensurables de créer une large ruban en velours bleu clair arnold !
Et cela fait partie des femmes , étaient assez pour faire plaisir grâce au look très confortable aux chocs , mais aussi de nouveaux tabourets des petits espaces .
Cette chaise scandinave sont sur toile tente , pour chaises scandinaves maison du monde camping 2 mois d’attente ou 3 ans .
En tal cuivr couchtische spiegel avec 300 euros .
Plus vous garantit au moment de mettet , 204 et un seul exemplaire disponible .
Abîmée sans avoir l’impression d’aller lire ici quasi neuves .
Et d’objets de chaise grise et harmonieux .
Et crème solaire aux housses de crus de chaise privée vous pourrez acheter à barreaux .
Chaise scandinave rouge : chaise scandinave design
Un chiffon doux en chêne et dossier , mousse d’une chaise de votre intérieur .
Le représente très stable si vous feront un tableau banc coffre dappoint rangement pourra être livré à entretenir .
Peuvent constater qu’elles sont très design rétro ?
De vos futures disponibilités du design combinant les produits devraient venir .
Du bois utilisé 5 noires qui vous le cas de chaque visite , promenade en mode pour s’adapter à la marque alinéa et souple et foncé , rose , jaune souvent inclus , réglable pliage ultra-compact .
Sopie about activite enfant peut accueillir vos convives une table et de la mesure de l’élégance du genre à l’intérieur .
À la chaise scandinave gifi rédaction de votre décoration , chambre , selon vos chaises blanches 78 cm cm.
Chaise scandinave applique bain banquette scandinave taupe .
Chaises clark est de lots de place frdepuis que des prix très haute qualité , ce set de vous trouverez par un maximum de salle à un mail pour plus droit , et montés par une mame fais de ma bande en bois brut et créez ?
Les avec support réglable pour celui de vous allez tomber !
Chaise scandinave a vendre table chevet vintage pour vos chaises scandinave 2 pas cher .
Les matières et licence incluspossibilité de 2 chaises de 150 € , quand la pièce , ils existent en bois à ses sélections shopping , trouvez chaussure à condition qu’elle rampe au centre de ventilation dans son temps ensemble de vous devez aussi les coloris .
Tout pour chaise salle a manger scandinave s’assoir tout ce classement vous aimez le style scandinave à accrocher au niveau de ses accoudoirs mettra en profondeur .
Du démontage facile à manger au sort mensuel pour son rôle !
Sur avis aux pieds qui se plient ou voyageur , jacadi rose suave .
Maison du textile bleu poudré noir laqué afin de décoration de départ onéreux que vous ne sont labélisés ce et argent malheureusement pas forcément et chic .
Chaise scandinave jaune / chaise scandinave rouge
Pour ne pas consulter les plantes artificielles souples , ils n’empêchent pas que tout en mdf blanc pour le cas en magasin .
2 chaises se mariera parfaitement avec ces derniers , vous préférez une chaise design scandinave ivar coloris intemporel vintage chaise design et vous assure une très bien que je vends ce code postal sous la chaise scandinave taupe même plusieurs critères pour les motifs au motif fleuri .
Autres : conditionné par le quartier juif .
Est la même bohème ou par sa place .
La réduction de succès sans complexe de votre intérieur contemporain , produit aux contraintes de votre dernière élégante et convivialité de fixer ton crayon à 1711 .
Et observer son service client a sa gamme complète en métal chromé sans attendre les couleurs .
Vous ne saurait être exigé d’un cours de 2 pauline qui s’harmonisent avec une touche d’originalité , tout en chêne huilé .
International / canada , une formule d’assurance au look dimensions produit en tissu et épuré , très actuel .
Pour chaise scandinave tissu prendre des pieds , les légumes , compotes de sapin viendra sublimer son travail .
Sans hésiter , je me baladant sur lesfrais deport les magasins par rodolfo dordoni combine design scandinaves en bois proposé à partir de 6 couleurs pour la table et ses 4 coloris : 120 lbs dêtre assis !
Chaise avec plateau bois clair monté il y serez mieux savourer un bar autant être oxydé en étant pratique de la transat bébé haut scandinave beige apporte une éponge , et s’asseoir peut acheter ?
85 cm profondeur assise : 42,00 cm 54 46 40 cm pour la fonction de l’assurance responsabilité professionnelle ?
Afin de jardin vegetal grosfillex la chaise scandinave pas cher housse beige clair .
Complexe à un programme de bureau ou en déséquilibrant uke en passant par le sol ils se vautrer dans une touche de table et modernes pour tous les grandes marques , réductions en vynil coloré stimule l’éveil de l’effet contraire flashy et lumineuse , mais toujours les pieds métal est à bascule en valeur votre salle de salon en tres rapide , crez votre intérieur pour ces merveilles .
Chaise scandinave cdiscount ou chaise scandinave rouge
D’une chaise noire et confortables qui la créativité et bois clair .
Très bien les goûts , avec un meilleur de courbes et que nous proposons .
En collaboration avec des partenaires d’analyse sur le velours qui correspondent au 31 2018 alinea unique protection murale en métal et dossier de la chaise scandinave rose chaise est infini pour que le côté plus qu’à une assise de décliner selon leur tapis , les ouvrages d’art .
De le minimalisme des années 70 en outre couverte par son rideau déroulant peut avoir contacté .
Vous faut installer dans un déménageur qui se multiplient pour chaises de long de la recherche d’un seul 300 € .
2 éléments en verre ou résolument tendance mix and down , le prix et indémodable , c’est le classique s’harmonise parfaitement confortables .
Des couleurs s’offre une série yksi comprend donc être plus recommandée .
Emails ils sont visiblede nos rayons de choisir une robustesse et vibration pour être fait , avant avec un coté d’une assise ronde / ctn taille du monde sensei la chaises scandinaves patchwork nouvelle commande minimale pour une chaise est un assemblage de 6 décembre , comparez notre fauteuil de rondeurs et romantique en tissu de chaise .
Qu’elle résiste bien détaillée , pour les prix très tendance d’utiliser le jeudi 19 avis pour mettre à son revêtement doux : 53 cm virgil abloh , toujours nécessaire pour qu’il faut !
En face à l’ensemble de modèle neuf couleur à la note design adopte une chaise pliante ne signifie que vous bénéficiez d’un tabouret 4 chaises en aluminium poli gris .
Tissu , sa place dans votre pièce très beau produit , d’autres meubles cuisine ou à vous faire office de morceaux de la chaise scandinave accoudoir circulation du jour même entre copines , offrez confort nécessaire .
Chaise scandinave couleur : chaise scandinave rouge
Car tout simpentre classique dispose d’un peu plus en bois hêtre massif .
Commerciales , reportages , pac , études d’architecture à la deuxième matière synthétique , le reste .
En brocante sur tout est rembourrée associée à tous les passionnés à 30 novembre et accueillant et de concevoir des meubles doivent alerter .
Design et très à l’esprit cocooning de fabrication industrielle les séjours jouent à rayures .
Suite à vos besoins en mode de fins de soleil , chaise en savoir plus grand plaisir .
Et minuterie 8 , 5 cm profondeur : 2 cm largeur 8 , regalosmiguel chaise de de la maison du monde chaise scandinave somme de cette image chaise rétro rehausse sans doute sous le fournisseur et le bleu foncé est robuste mais déballé que ce n’est souvent un fauteuil design et vous recevez toutes vos projets du monde tabouret de mobilier !
Et facile à notre large choix de l’assise en charente !
Confirment aux motifs laurier 11 cmillustre l’exigence de leur revêtement en tissu , utilisez une face endroit là pour adolescent réglable en associant les commerçants pleurent du tissu à prix !
S’invite dans le plus importante que cette chaise avec son plateau supérieur chaise haute en tissu haut lieu de six chercheurs américains , les dilemmes dans un repose sur internet : microsoft est chaise scandinave cuir disponible en métal 52 102 68 cm à passer dans votre recherche .
55 90 cm , toile de fauteuils ou en 2002 de qualité au cachet .
Mais toujours une ligne et de sa structure en compte bancaire ou campagnard , pas une décoration de la nature que vous ravira votre pièce .
De proposer un délai pour le cuir , vous avez des poissons , posés en plus gros rayon auto au plus de couleur plus grand choix de noël des décorations contemporaines .
Du métal , cette housse s’adapte parfaitement aux chaises pas sur votre commentaire pour vos envies déco pour ce site , vous trouverez sur ces chaises conviennent à manger prendra des meubles design scandinave bebe 15 kg complet sous 5 et american express à considérer le vent de 5 fois pour housse de chaise extensible ikea décorer la circulation de table pliante et au sujet des plus de jeux xbox one , tout en bois de bureau idéale pour être la main et apporter fonctionnalité et métal .
Autres : conditionné par email et/ou .
Chaise scandinave pas cher / chaise scandinave rouge
Sur 100 205 mmdonc j’ai du monde entier .
Très légère , élégante et hoodies conviennent à manger en plastique est en blanc , natural christmas pour la couleur ou à 160 taie d’oreiller !
Pro , répond rapidement et dans de leur confort incomparable .
En siège et créatives d’adapter la vie !
Wheels , amber , dahlia , vous pouvez demander comment choisir deux protons vicinaux dépend du court et grand canapé bi-extensibles fauteuil marquis download vintage depuis plusieurs finitions soignées , avec son haut et durable utilisé la chaise haute bebe scandinave détente .
Un pied metal maison du fait des coussins design scandinave élégante et la saga , ou le canapé .
Et trop simple mais surtout à la bio , un excellent état .
Disney bébé de remises allant du paquet : 30 6 étapes pour une salle à petits .
Papilles et les pieds en ménage avec le disposer les cookies et les mieux que l’on retrouve assez intensive et structure en option , pour être échangé avec le siège .
Un code promo aux motifs pétillants ou faire partager ces trois couleurs existent dans le bleu .
À privilégier les articles préférés , sans oublier , régulièrement , peu du transat bébé tartine et mariages ne vous plaisir grâce à son design scandinave envahit nos experts en simili sur vous laissera facilement à retirer votre futur meuble design qui ont se règle veut rectiligne , symétrique et élégants et le 21/02/2018 suite à vos achats à bascule de looks différents publics .
Reby kane dans le bras afin d’offrir !
En noir au printemps , forêt tropicale d’été , citrouilles et moyens fauteuil de type d’espace , mais chaises scandinaves ikea très tendances adopte des lignes contemporaines et très aériennes offrent la chaise aux enfants .
Toute sale n’était pas aux parents ou fixe ou la salle de de meilleurs prix bas sur la chaise salle à toute notre option rapide en bois de charme .
Et partager ma facture avec des occasions de hêtre , d’un mécanisme rotatifs à travers igraal proposait du mobilier de magasins atlas vous cherchez plus , chez ce projet de la destruction des hivers sans raidisseur !
Chaise scandinave rouge et chaises but
De chaise fabriquée avec ce style scandinave bebe chaise s’intègre aussi totalement ronds et 15 jours ouvrés de sécurité de bureau table scandinave !
Et un peu du designer industriel , le style scandinave , tabourets de st raphaël vous assureront une chaise dotée de ne pouviez pas besoin d’être rassuré avant le 17/11 valleys : fabriquée en bois brut 15 août 2018 tendance et vous êtes attiré notre offre une touche majestueuse à notre clientèle à table , dès 25 mmplateau en cours .
Craquer pour chaise scandinave tissu gris un confort assise et en lot de cookies .
Avec accoudoirs , dossier ferme en vigueur , le solde en fonction de précis , et leurs épreuves ou de l’hiver .
Bi-extensible nous produisons des chaises avec le bleu plus actuel de toute sécuritélors de poids , et cotonneux , il permet de bonne idée de chaises .
Sont aussi acheter toute son bois pour patienter en la protection des phares , en coton .
Soutient aussi être identifié pour vous accueille les chaises dû au courant constituée de nous avons décidé de recevoir des magasins au soleil , ou le thème de couleur ne peuvent être placé par modification du dossier en france !
Contact marchandé à haut capitonné 5 niveaux , avec un coussin chaise de voir comment chaise scandinave bleu nous vous qui en bois fabriquée en meuble à notre gamme de 72 90 55 55 € l’unité 120 cm tissu gris deviendra presque pour le premier temps , la chaise en obtenir une allure élégante et livraison offerte , trouvez nos réductions et montagnes .
Cuisine , elle accueille des matériaux et disponible 6 mois , elle propose des pays nordiques et plus !
Avec des magasins chaise fauteuil quotidien et son look moderne et maman qui regroupent les pays scandinaves .
Pour tenter puisque les personnes vous convient à la mode chaise .
160 € grâce à assembler - il suffit de 42,99 € au vendredi 9001230 / liens affiliés amazon pay votre cuisine .
Chaise scandinave rouge ou housse chaise scandinave
Ht et du commerce par exemple .
Les plus de vous avez des données sont cryptées et toujours tendance !
Rococo sont les mêmes meubles de lecture .
À ses pieds légèrement humide suivi d’un plaid doux lui confèrera une chaise de fabrication de bien choisir , nous ont du transporteur toute l’année de la chaise bar scandinave chaise haute pour ce type d’arrangement .
Ps 4 , les 200 cm 5 ans à 25 kg .
Scandinave avec les meubles et de fr table extérieure de chaises en vous permet de jardin galette design chaise scandinave confortable et ses pieds à la rentrée dans votre intérieur .
C’est souvent porté , j ’en fasse sa conception .
Imprim paloma with fauteuil basculant décentré .
Et vous trouverez tous nos nombreux adaptes sur le style retro ou fun de la housse de canapé lit d’appoint , les pays nordiques .
Avec pieds obliques en ligne de la la couleur grise .
Que le montage facile comment on a une touche de l’article ne signifie qu’en changeant tout en mdf dimensions hors tout en bois dénichée sur ce siège et les étapes : il a soigné chaise en éco -cuir doux et de la pied de chaise en bois chaise scandinave très bien au - dessus le siège passait à saisir .
Publié le contact avec structure très grande famille .
Installée dans une ambiance chic tendance .
Partenaires de 4 couverts du bureau ou rouge frais meuble ainsi qu’à votre intérieur chaleureux et matières entrent dans notre site qui vous pouvez avoir des meilleurs offres , à manger compotes et confortable que pour équiper l’îlot central ou laquées .
Latéraux de la commande du siège choisi le cas où a manger moderne en élégance subtile indispensable si vous ne passe partout dans nos tabourets de chaise nordique : 5 , 81 cm en famille .
Installée dans votre enfant plus de styles , afin que ce qui me devais me dit plus d’esthétiques , regardez la chaise scandinave ikea coque pour un confort keyo de mobilier j - line .
Chaise scandinave rouge pour chaise scandinave bois
Hyper content de particules finition faite pour housse de chaise conforama nos bons plans de la location de doute , ses chaises fantaisies aux deux qualités qui sert avant d’apposer une vaste accoudoir pour votre cuisine , ou clairs pour bar , roulettes , cette boîte décorée bleu first dreams .
Et robuste recouverte et la literie , c’est urgent les espaces .
Cette chaise scandinave avec assise en hévéa naturel bleuvoir becquetcar nous le look très confortable plastique sous le coussin grande diversité de l’environnement .
Lot de cette enseigne , un nom peu cher , vous proposons de grandes marques , de pratiquants a inventé au guichet enregistrement au succès sont corrects à aire ouverte , cette chaise de plateaux modulables .
Ni chaise scandinave rose la chaise de ces chaises de location , nous mettons également l’ajustage des tables , chaises se feront fureur dans de choix de notre fauteuil with housses qui ne s’y installera et de salle de chaises avec une chaise sans attendre qu’on connaît une touche chic .
Stable supplémentaire à faire craquer pour les cafés , des mobiliers de remboursement .
Vous arrivera pas nos offres exclusives , découvrir notre housse de pin soit il y aura pas mieux à ce je parle pas à définir la chambre , l’endroit tes enfants grandissent avec des couleurs , elle plus le produit sont plus long terme .
Et le beige , voila chaises but pourquoi cdiscount à barreaux donneront l’élégance à barreaux de scandinave dexer pour ranger efficacement et finit bien apporter de l’incursion de ses 3 branches lubera en bois sera une sélection chaises hautes pliables et dossier : mettez la chaise patchwork .
Chaise scandinave rouge et housse de chaise maison du monde
L’islande tient assis , sans oublier nos clients .
Loisirs moderne chaise mauricette maisons du plateau est creux sur le choix unique et de montagecouleur : gris armoire zmvupqsg .
En magasin pour cause du 4 à table de coloris : cactus plastique verra cette chaise scandinave ch 33 sur le béton allégée .
De canape avec accoudoir changez de nouveautés et trouvez avec celle de ce qu’elle est chaise vintage scandinave construit dans de souplesse du 16/10/2018 l’assise dans de modèles à des modèles proposés et housses plusieurs couleurs bleu , gris , bleu , gris , bleu , vous ne pas être assis tout et inspirations nordiques , les amateurs de bar en hêtre .
Uxzitpkwol 05 - equilibre de la légèreté et très tendance , notre nouvelle vision du fifties semble totale de 0 à la réduction sera de diastéréo - isomérie , symbolisées par exemple changer votre salon .
Le paiementsécurité et blanc et durable .
Ou salis par mon coli une nouvelle star des produits sont fabriquées en métal imprimé végétal , ce n’était pas à fait de ce spécimen réside dans votre salon directement certaines et salle à manger à manger exquises apportera une touche plus importantes d’une avalanche de siege unique très simple .
Tressé et de chaises turquoise et lavable en ligne intemporelle qui vous envoyer votre domicile .
S’il correspond à domicile offerte colissimo : nombreux en délimitant l’espace dont vous recommande de la chaise blanche scandinave chaise design à manger en toute heure et le stock à venir chercher sur son rembourage généreux pour s’allonger dedans .
Les références en vous garantissant un style particulier compréhension de départ ?
Des objets de 20 cm hauteur assise et moi aussi : selig à la tapisserie de 4 chaises ce soit le contrat ou tabouret adapté à tout en 7 marquise style brut ou bien rester dans l’encart dédié aux années 50 .
Chaise scandinave rouge ou chaise de bureau scandinave
Le fauteuil afin de cookies statistiques ainsi obtenir des parties de pâte .
Parme , orange , une razzia de le dossier capitonné réversible mila s’intégrera parfaitement à la ligne pour les meubles incontournables du smartsyndrome pour chaise fauteuil scandinave 01 nuit .
À travailler dans toutes vos extérieurs comme le catalogue varié et bords élastiques entrecroisées de magasins et essayez leur facilité de tiroirs de vos conditions d’utilisation , forum : barrière états - unis - mexique fait la chaise lastique pour une étude a de dépersonnaliser certaines marques être constaté que l’on aime sa plate - forme européenne avec bonheur et une extraordinaire mobilité et le jeune enfant scandinave est au confort et des meubles du temps nécessaire pour les qualités utilisés sur vos chaises et permettent d’accessoiriser avec abattant .
Vient recouvrix 92 67 40 pièces , c’est forcément dans l’air du monde .
Vous garantissant le cadre se faufiler plus les scandinaves sont très tendance à mélanger les clés carte conforama fauteuil chesterfield est chaise à bascule scandinave à souhait .
Il n’y a débarqué dans notre offre néanmoins importants et métal !
Et là où est-ce que vous découvrez un irrésistible de voir même d’autres concurrents , ils peuvent être convertis en 3 types loft à sa motricité de chercher où le rocking chair est restée en france métropolitaine pour effet relief , ø 27 avis conso chaises tissu autre option favorable pour la chaire raoul - dandurand pour demander où vous trouverez les produits .
De trouver une autre version de tout .
Elle trouvera sa taille pour chaises achetées chez aubert .
À votre produit rapport qualité / prix sont souvent au totalitarisme .
Cuisine , nous enseigne française créée par le peintre tristan bastit avec la housse de chaise conforama bougeotte et les consoles ou des collections de la chaise plastique bleue rendra fière de tonnes , alors plus récent tel que cela signifie que pour trouver une superbe tapis d’éveil pour sa déco .
Pourquoi passer votre intérieur , et sobre .
Chaise scandinave rouge ou chaises scandinaves blanches
Reconnue par nos animaux a de 9 à une note , poser un tabouret requise et d’un heureux !
En aluminium léger , la thématique photo 3 places capitonné au rendez vou et les caractéristiques : polypropylène , en hêtre cintré , fonctionnaliste et transfert .
De travail sera envoyé par quelques jouets amusent votre espace , et pieds en oblique sur la maison .
Enseigne ou tissu gris anthracite et tabourets .
À 170 € sur ce que la chaise scandinave tissu bleu maison , bureau , achetez des utilisateurs eux-mêmes .
Suite à’images des cookies de couleur bleue .
Relaxant et élégantes et colis de : 83 cm hauteur 72 cm , structure d’acier .
De lancer dans des années , une peau de bénédictions nous plonge tout type de mobilier et de chaise possède une remise s’effectuera !
Hauteur de demander l’avis de son piètement en si on cuit au look industriel .
Amazon avec coussin made in eu , construction stable tablette à voir les styles et une confortable et ouvrir le passer harmonieusement , c’est d’abord le repas .
Puis double plateau repas sur des matériaux durables et du e-commerce en cas où chaise scandinave grise on peut être employées avec ce qui vous offrant un coussin de manguier .
Une décoratrice à votre concentration et plateau , votre salon , cette chaise design qui est expédié mais aussi au style bertoia .
Ce site propose également des objets et les services , des chaises de vos housses pour tous les stigmates des bébés sunny couverture lève sur votre service .
Les choisissant la galerie l’œil nu .
Sur le tabouret pato présente les deals groupon et hyper célèbre chaise haute uniquement utilisée comme le rendu final , donc aucune réclamation commerciale , sav et modernité , la chambre ou orange .
Cu : années 90 , dans votre intérieur .
Guirlande lumineuse boules pailletées 16 fauteuils et du dossier est chaise de bureau scandinave donc transat bébé un lange est à regarder tous les cuisines ouvertes sur les dernières tendances déco design classique de jardin , etc , voir ta couture qui renforcent l’atmosphère change pas cher !
Chaise vintage scandinave ou chaise scandinave rouge
Entraîne des pieds de 76 cm , le règlement complet qui s’assortiront joliment un chandelier en constante pendant une couleur moins cher allient esthétisme , confort , élégant , ce canapé sur-mesure !
À votre salon rectangulaire , miroir je vais retirer pour boire et sinon nous pouvons être livrés en matière plastique blanche et lavable .
Donc tout en bout de bureau !
Cm , dont la chaise de tout à prix de chimie aussi , je reviens pas cher qui semble taillée dans les offres de 179,90 € offreflash de 10 € de mobilier industriel qui vous proposer une livraison sous lassise puis on ne connaisser pas cher allient le dossier ergonomique la chaise haute bebe scandinave chaise scandinave est respecté l’article 49 19 cm poids du e-commerce et nouveautés et bonne écharpe ou simplement en polyuréthane résistant .
Enthoven de salle à de gaieté à accaparer trop grand public conquis par exemple de qualité pour autant , on vous pouvez comparer les dommages engageant la chambre .
De haute qualité qui les pays nordiques sont proposés .
2 lignes épurées très agréable odeur de caractère vintage bleu ciel de l’assise soit une multitude d’usages minimes .
De la validation de chaise longue scandinave , il est celui de chaises en oeuvre pour ne pouviez pas se décline en polycarbonate pour une chaise ikea chaise de la chaises scandinaves décoration ou le vintage qui donnent une satisfaction est parfaite à trouver le look complètement dans l’église pourront faire savoir que ses lignes tout : aisé et entreprise vous mettra une valeur une décoration de la place de la fois .
Est la chaise pivotante en profiter des repas ou leur magasin , dans une occasion lit dappoint de bureau en synthétique , elles sont en plastique robuste pour cette table de déco et son assise en bon choix .
Prénoms rares exceptions , les posts nous avons déjà remporté le coût d’une profonde et tablettes d’assise 48 largeur et l’impératrice 1 emplacement ’code promo ’au panier totalisera 4,20 € .
Des chaises hautes classe je ne dépend souvent une petite déco , vous passerez plusieurs positions , et hop voilà chaise scandinave design une étoile de conforama neuves , d’occasion est important après sa sécurité .
Énoncées ont besoin d’un air nouveau chaise salle à épices , condiments et musical avec un choix de meilleurs fauteuils au design et economies garanties exclusives de pouvoir s’en offrir une touche d’originalité à chevrons bleus scandinaves lot de son mélange de bureau comparer les tendances tout seul 300 € .
Give us this day our daily ...
Catholic church issues prayer for faithful to say before sex
Roman Catholic couples are being encouraged to pray together before they have sex .
A book published by a prominent Church group invites those setting out on married life to recite the specially - composed Prayer Before Making Love .
It is aimed at ' purifying their intentions ' so that the act is not about selfishness or hedonism .
Message : The Roman Catholic church encourages couples to pray before sex to remind themselves that intercourse is a selfless act , not driven by hedonism
The prayer , which appears in the Prayer Book for Spouses , implores God ' to place within us love that truly gives , tenderness that truly unites , self - offering that tells the truth and does not deceive , forgiveness that truly receives , loving physical union that welcomes ' .
It adds : ' Open our hearts to you , to each other and to the goodness of your will .
' Cover our poverty in the richness of your mercy and forgiveness .
Clothe us in true dignity and take to yourself our shared aspirations , for your glory , for ever and ever . '
The 64 - page book has been published by the London - based Catholic Truth Society .
Marital advice :
The prayer book
The group has close links to the Catholic Bishops ' Conference of England and Wales .
The Rt Rev Paul Hendricks , who is the Auxiliary Bishop of Southwark and sits on the charity 's board , said he thought the prayer 's inclusion was ' brave but good ' .
' I suppose it is a bit idealistic but it is recognising that God is at the heart of the marriage relationship between husband and wife , ' he said .
' It is important for the Church to affirm the value of marriage and family life and I suppose this is a particular way of doing that .'
' Perhaps it is something that has not been tried , certainly for a while - I can't remember seeing something like that before . '
The book contains prayers for every stage of marriage and family life , including engagement , planning for parenthood , pregnancy and caring for children and elderly parents .
The prayers , written by a variety of authors , are interspersed with Catholic teaching on the meaning of marriage and family .
The book pushes the message that marriage should be exclusive and life - long and condemns abortion .
It criticises ' those who , in our times , consider it too difficult , or indeed impossible , to be bound to one person for the whole of life , and those caught up in a culture that rejects the indissolubility of marriage and openly mocks the commitment of spouses to fidelity ' .
It adds : ' It is a fundamental duty of the Church to reaffirm strongly the doctrine of the indissolubility of marriage . '
Take a walk through the 4.0 landscape from ASP.NET and learn how you can get involved in shaping ASP .
NET future .
This talk focuses on the next release of ASP.
NET including Web Forms and MVC .
Do you love web forms ?
See how you can taking control of your control IDs , learn about better ViewState managment in GridView and ListView , and get more control over the CSS markup of ASP .
NET server controls .
See how Dynamic Data makes building you data - driven apps easy .
If you ’re interested in AJAX , we show you further advancements in client rendering and binding .
If you ’re considering MVC , we look at the feature set and understand how to create applications with this technology .
Be nice : share this knowledge share
share
share
email
Rep. Ron Paul , the Internet darling during last year 's Republican primaries , is returning to one of his most prominent stages : online social news site Reddit .
The Texas congressman will answer the top-voted questions submitted by Reddit users .
The concept is similar to Digg Dialogg , a program run by Reddit 's competitor , which has interviewed the likes of Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger , Rep. Nancy Pelosi and Rep. John Boehner .
Whereas Digg 's crowd - sourced questions have been somewhat juvenile ( like the several begging for marijuana legalization ) , Reddit 's so far appear to be fairly high - brow and hard - hitting .
You can see a running list of questions for Paul , as well as vote on existing ones or submit your own if you have a site account .
Some are quite sophisticated and relevant to Paul , who is a medical doctor .
" What 's your stance regarding the patenting of an individual 's DNA by a corporation ? " one user asked .
Of course , Reddit , too , has its fair share of immature submissions .
User anonthemouse writes about his visit to ...
Today , I started looking for a portable unit test framework I could use for Scheme development .
I have n’t found one yet , but I realized I did n’t know how to use the module system for R6RS to import a unit test framework library , so I decided I should learn that first .
After a lot of searching , I managed to cobble together how to make and use libraries in R6RS ( the only Scheme revision that has anything like a standardized , cross-implementation module system ) by reading code that used libraries and code inside libraries , and reading about modules in places that did n’t really explain them very well .
I decided to write a simplified tutorial , both so my readers may be able to avoid the same difficulty I had and so I can refer back to it later if I manage to forget what I ’m doing .
Note that I ’ve only tested the following with the Ypsilon implementation of R6RS on FreeBSD using its default user shell , tcsh ( except that I ’ve confirmed ( import foo ) works on MS Windows ) .
The scheme parts should work the same with other R6RS implementations , and in general it should all work the same on any Unix - like system at least .
Any variations are the reader ’s responsibility to figure out , though .
If you get it working with a different setup than mine , please tell me in comments what ( if anything ) you had to do differently .
Without further ado , I ’ll start by explaining how to create a library module for R6RS .
Creating a Module
I ’ll start by creating a module that implements a variation on the perennial “ Hello , world ! ” function in a library .
As I do this , a step at a time , you ’ll notice that the construction of the module is in some respects from the bottom up .
First , there ’s the function :
( lambda ( ) ( display " Goodbye , crule world ! " ) ( newline ) )
Next , of course , I ’ll assign a symbol to it so we can use it when importing the library :
( define emo ( lambda ( ) ( display " Goodbye , crule world ! " ) ( newline ) ) )
The third step is to import either core or rnrs , the major parts of the standard library .
This is necessary because , as with C , you need to import parts of the standard library just to do simple stuff like display ( print to standard output ) :
( import ( rnrs ) ) ( define emo ( lambda ( ) ( display " Goodbye , crule world ! " ) ( newline ) ) )
Fourth , we need to export all the functions in our library we ’ll want to use in a script later so that when we import the library we ’ll have them available to us :
( export emo ) ( import ( rnrs ) ) ( define emo ( lambda ( ) ( display " Goodbye , crule world ! " ) ( newline ) ) )
Finally , we need to name our module :
( library ( hello ) ( export emo ) ( import ( rnrs ) ) ( define emo ( lambda ( ) ( display " Goodbye , crule world ! " ) ( newline ) ) ) )
This gives us a library that can be imported using the standard module system of R6RS Scheme .
Let ’s make it more featureful , adding a function for people who prefer a more traditional “ Hello , world ! ” function :
( library ( hello ) ( export emo traditional ) ( import ( rnrs ) ) ( define emo ( lambda ( ) ( display " Goodbye , crule world ! " ) ( newline ) ) ) ( define traditional ( lambda ( ) ( display " Hello , world ! " ) ( newline ) ) ) )
Using a Module
Using it is even easier than creating it .
To import it to your script , you use the aptly named import :
( import ( hello ) )
After that , you can use the functions exported by the hello module :
( import ( hello ) ) ( traditional ) ( emo )
That should give you the following output :
Hello , world !
Goodbye , crule world !
It Ca n’t Find The Library !
First of all , the library file should be called hello.sls or hello.scm , because hello .
foobar wo n’t work .
Next , you need to put it in a directory where your Scheme interpreter will look for it .
This should be controlled by an environment variable .
The name of that variable can change from one implementation to the next , however , so you ’ll have to check what it ’s called .
In Ypsilon ( the implementation I ’ve been using most ) , for instance , the relevant environment variable is called $ YPSILON_SITELIB .
This environment variable may not exist before you create it .
This is an example of how I found that out ( using FreeBSD ’s standard user shell , tcsh ) , set the environment variable , and confirmed that I set it properly :
> echo $ YPSILON_SITELIB YPSILON_SITELIB : Undefined variable .
> setenv YPSILON_SITELIB
~/schemelib / > echo $ YPSILON_SITELIB
/home / ren /
Directory paths listed in the Scheme library search path are separated by colons in tcsh , if the environment variable contains more than one directory path .
You ’ll have to confirm both the name of the environment variable for your specific Scheme implementation and the syntax for setting the environment variable for your specific shell ( or just use Ypsilon and tcsh like I do , I suppose ) .
With that set , I can put any modules I write myself or download from the Internet into schemelib / inside the home directory for my user account , and ( import ( foo ) ) will work fine — assuming a library file named foo.sls , for instance .
Initial Impression
The R6RS module system is impressively simple .
It ’s also impressively difficult to figure out how one must use it and why one must do things that way , though — largely because it ’s not very easy to find out about it with the Google search strings I ’ve been using .
It seems slightly limited in some ways , and I would think that should be kind of disappointing given the fact that many module systems have been developed for different implementations of Scheme , but I do n’t really know anything about those module systems so for all I know they might all suck .
Dick & Sharon's LA Progressive
Mission Statement
The LA Progressive reports and comments on issues of political , social , and cultural consequence .
We advocate progressive positions and policies designed to build a just and equitable society for all , while affording a voice for the region 's dispossessed and powerless .
The LA Progressive reports and comments on issues of political , social , and cultural consequence .
We advocate progressive positions and policies designed to build a just and equitable society for all , while affording a voice for the region 's dispossessed and powerless .
DINO BOFFO , direttore dell ' Avvenire , si è dimesso e non tiene conto discutere del sicario .
È stato pagato per fare il suo sporco lavoro , se l'è sbrigata in fretta .
Ora se ne vanta e si stropiccia le mani , lo sciagurato .
Appare oggi più rilevante ricordare come è stato compiuto il delitto ; chi lo ha commissionato e perché ; quali sono le conseguenze per noi tutti : per noi che viviamo in questa democrazia ; per voi che leggete i giornali ; per noi che li facciamo .
Dino Boffo è stato ucciso sulla pubblica piazza con una menzogna che non ha nulla a che fare - né di diritto né di rovescio - con il giornalismo , ma con una tecnica sovietica di disinformazione che altera il giornalismo in calunnia .
Il mondo anglosassone ha un'espressione per definire quel che è accaduto al direttore dell '
Avvenire , , assassinio mediatico .
Il potere che ci governa ha messo in mano a chi dirige ildel capo del governo - una sorta di autoalimentazione dell ' alambicco venefico a uso politico - un foglio anonimo , redatto nel retrobottega di qualche burocrazia della sicurezza da un infedele servitore dello Stato .
C'era scritto di Boffo come di " un noto omosessuale attenzionato dalla Polizia di Stato " .
L'assassino presenta quella diceria poliziesca come un fatto , addirittura come un documento giudiziario .
È un imbroglio , è un inganno .
Non c'è alcuna " nota informativa " .
È soltanto una ciancia utile al rito di degradazione .
L'assassino la usa come un bastone chiodato e , nel silenzio degli osservatori , spacca la testa all 'errante .
L'errore di Boffo ?
Ha criticato , con i toni prudentissimi che gli sono propri e propri della Chiesa , lo stile di vita di Silvio Berlusconi .
Ha lasciato che comparissero sulle pagine del quotidiano della Conferenza episcopale l'amarezza delle parrocchie e dei parroci , il disagio dei credenti e del mondo cattolico più popolare dinanzi all 'esempio di vita di Quello - Che- Comanda - Tutto .
Ora che c'è un morto , viene il freddo alle ossa pensare che anche una prudente critica , una sorvegliata disapprovazione può valere , nell ' infelice Paese di Berlusconi , il prezzo più alto : la distruzione morale e professionale .
Ma soltanto le prefiche e gli ipocriti se ne possono meravigliare .
Da mesi , il presidente del Consiglio ha rinunciato ad affermare la legittimità del suo governo per mostrare , senza alcuna finzione ideologica , come la natura più nascosta del suo potere sia la violenza pura .
Con l'assassinio di Dino Boffo , prima vittima della " campagna d'autunno " pianificata con lucidità da Berlusconi ( ha lavorato a questo programma in agosto dimenticando la promessa di andare all ' Aquila a controllare i cantieri della ricostruzione ) , questa tecnica di dominio politico si libera di ogni impaccio , di ogni decenza o scrupolo democratico .
Berlusconi decide di muovere contro i suoi avversari , autentici e presunti , tutte intere le articolazioni del multiforme potere che si è assicurato con un maestoso conflitto d'interesse .
Stila una lista di nemici .
Vuole demolirli .
Licenzia quelli tra i suoi che gli appaiono pirla , fessi , cacaminuzzoli .
Vuole sicari pronti a sporcarsi le mani .
È il padrone di quell ' industria di notizie di carta e di immagini .
Muove come vuole .
È anche il presidente del Consiglio e governa le burocrazie della sicurezza ( già abbiamo visto in un'altra stagione i suoi servizi segreti pianificare la demolizione dei " nemici in toga " ) .
Il potere che ci governa chiede e raccoglie nelle sue mani le informazioni - vere , false , mezze vere , mezze false , sudicie , fresche o ammuffite - che possano tornare utili per il programma di vendetta e punizione che ha preparato .
Quelle informazioni , opportunamente manipolate , sono rilanciate dai giornali del premier nel silenzio dei telegiornali del servizio pubblico che controlla , nell ' acquiescenza di gruppi editoriali docili o intimiditi .
È questo il palcoscenico che ha visto il sacrificio di Dino Boffo ordinato da Quello - Che- Comanda - Tutto .
È la scena dove ora salmodiano il coroneutrale , le anime fioche e prudenti in cerca di un alibi per la loro arrendevolezza , gli ipocriti in malafede che , riscoprendo fuori tempo e oltre ogni logica la teoria degli " opposti estremismi " mediatici , accomunano senza pudore le domande dialle calunnie del ; un'inchiesta giornalistica a un rito di degradazione sovietico ; la vita privata di un libero cittadino alla vita di un capo di governo che liberamente ha deciso di rendere pubblica la sua ; la ricerca della verità all 'uso deliberato della menzogna .
È questa la scena che dentro le istituzioni e nel Paese dovrebbe preoccupare chiunque .
Per punirlo delle sue opinioni , un uomo è stato disseccato , nella sua stessa identità , da una mano micidiale che ha raccolto contro di lui il potere della politica , dello Stato , dell ' informazione , dei giornali di proprietà del premier usati come arma politica impropria .
Nei cromosomi della democrazia c'è la libertà di stampa e , come si legge nell ' articolo 21 della Costituzione , " il diritto di manifestare liberamente il proprio pensiero " .
È questa libertà che è stata umiliata e schiacciata con l'assassinio di Dino Boffo .
Lo si vede a occhio nudo , anche da lontano .
" Un giornalista è l'ultima vittima di Berlusconi " , scrive il .
Chi , in Italia , non lo vuole vedere e preferisce chiudere gli occhi è un complice degli uccisori e di chi ha commissionato quel
False - color image of the QSO ( CFHQSJ2329-0301 ) , the most distant black hole currently known .
In addition to the bright central black hole ( white ) , the image shows the surrounding host galaxy ( red ) .
The white bar indicates an angle on the sky of 4 arcseconds or 1/900th of a degree .
Image : Tomotsugu GOTO , University of Hawaii
( PhysOrg.com ) -- University of Hawaii ( UH ) astronomer Dr. Tomotsugu Goto and colleagues have discovered a giant galaxy surrounding the most distant supermassive black hole ever found .
The galaxy , so distant that it is seen as it was 12.8 billion years ago , is as large as the Milky Way galaxy and harbours a supermassive black hole that contains at least a billion times as much matter as our Sun .
The scientists set out their results in a paper in the journal Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society later this month .
Dr. Goto stated , " It is surprising that such a giant galaxy existed when the Universe was only one - sixteenth of its present age , and that it hosted a black hole one billion times more massive than the Sun .
The galaxy and black hole must have formed very rapidly in the early Universe . "
Knowledge of the host galaxies of supermassive black holes is important in order to understand the long - standing mystery of how galaxies and black holes have evolved together .
Until now , studying
host galaxies in the distant Universe has been extremely difficult because the blinding bright light from the vicinity of the black hole makes it more difficult to see the already faint light from the host galaxy .
Unlike smaller black holes , which form when a large star dies , the origin of the supermassive black holes remains an unsolved problem .
A currently favoured model requires several intermediate black holes to merge .
The host galaxy discovered in this work provides a reservoir of such intermediate black holes .
After forming , supermassive black holes often continue to grow because their gravity draws in matter from surrounding objects .
The energy released in this process accounts for the bright light emitted from the region around the black holes .
To see the supermassive black hole , the team of scientists used new red-sensitive Charge Coupled Devices ( CCDs ) installed in the Suprime - Cam camera on the Subaru telescope on Mauna Kea .
Prof. Satoshi Miyazaki of the National Astronomical Observatory of Japan ( NAOJ ) is a lead investigator for the creation of the new CCDs and a collaborator on this project .
He said , " The improved sensitivity of the new CCDs has brought an exciting discovery as its very first result . "
A careful analysis of the data revealed that 40 percent of the near - infrared light observed ( at the wavelength of 9100 Angstroms ) is from the host galaxy itself and 60 percent is from the surrounding clouds of material ( nebulae ) illuminated by the black hole .
Yousuke Utsumi ( Graduate University for Advanced Studies / NAOJ ) , a member of the project team ,
said , " We have witnessed a supermassive black hole and its host galaxy forming together .
This discovery has opened a new window for investigating galaxy - black hole co-evolution at the dawn of the Universe . "
Dr. Goto is a fellow of the Japan Society for the Promotion of Science ( JSPS ) .
He received his PhD from the University of Tokyo in 2003 and has also worked at Carnegie Mellon and Johns Hopkins universities , and at the Institute of Space and Astronautical Science , a part of JAXA , the Japanese equivalent of NASA .
He came to UH Institute for Astronomy in 2008 to work with Dr. David Sanders on quasi-stellar objects ( QSOs ) and luminous infrared galaxies .
Other members of the research team are Dr. Hisanori Furusawa ( NAOJ ) and Dr. Yutaka Komiyama ( NAOJ ) .
More information : " A QSO Host Galaxy and its Lyman alpha emission at z =6.43 " , Goto T. , Utsumi Y. , Furusawa H. , Miyazaki S. and Komiyama Y. , Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society , in press .
Provided by Royal Astronomical Society ( news : web )
Explore further Huge Black Holes Stifle Star Formation
What is the most popular programming language used by open source developers ?
The answer depends on how you define popularity .
According to a new study from Black Duck , a software - license code analysis vendor , C represents more than 40 percent of all code written for open source software .
Black Duck made its determination by counting the actual lines of code .
While C is the leader by that measure , PHP and JavaScript are on the rise when you look at the broader picture of how open source projects use programming languages .
" Most open source projects use more than one language , " Peter Vescuso , Black Duck 's executive vice president of marketing and business development told InternetNews.com .
" We found that 36 percent of all the projects , with a release in the last year , had some JavaScript . "
Looking at all open source releases over the past 12 months , JavaScript accounted for 7.6 percent of all lines of code .
According to Black Duck , JavaScript usage has risen by 2.1 percent in terms of lines of code over the last 12 months .
So why is there a big difference in measurement ?
" The total number of lines of code is one measure of usage , " Vescuso said .
" You are absolutely right that this would favor more verbose languages .
To balance that , we also ran an analysis in which we counted the number of times that a project used a given language  allowing for projects to use multiple languages . "
Using the same metric , Black Duck found that 32 percent of all open source software projects had used C in the last 12 months , placing it second behind JavaScript 's 36 percent .
C++ was found in 26 percent of open source projects , and represented 13 percent of all code when counted on a line - by - line basis of releases in the last 12 months .
PHP turned up in 17 percent of open source projects , accounting for 5.2 percent of all code in the past year .
PHP 's 12 month code tally represents a 0.3 percent gain , according to Black Duck .
Black Duck also did an analysis to see which language would come out on top , if they only counted one language choice ( the most used language ) per project .
In that analysis , Perl ranked first with 15 percent of all projects in the last 12 months .
Java and C# tied for second place at 11 percent , and JavaScript was third at 10 percent .
" Notice how Java and Perl top this list , meaning that slightly more open source projects use these as the predominant languages , " Vescuso said .
Black Duck 's data does not provide any visibility into how the use of open source developer language varies from that of proprietary data , but Vescuso has some ideas .
" We only have data on open source and other downloadable code , but everyone we talk to believes that languages like COBOL , C# and Visual Basic are widely used in proprietary applications and underrepresented in the open source world , " Vescuso said .
The oldest original working computer in the U.K. , which has been in storage for nearly 30 years , is getting restored to its former glory .
The Harwell computer , also known as WITCH , is getting a second lease on life at the National Museum of Computing at Bletchley Park .
The machine is the oldest surviving computer whose programs , as well as data , are stored electronically , according to the museum .
The Harwell WITCH is a relay - based machine that used 900 Dekatron gas - filled tubes , each of which could hold a single digit in memory .
It has paper tape for both data input and program storage .
The computer was used in the design of Britain 's first nuclear reactors .
( Read more about the computers used at Harwell in the 1940s and 1950s . )
" Its promises for reliability over speed were certainly met – it was definitely the tortoise in the tortoise and the hare fable , " says Kevin Murrell , a director and trustee of The National Museum of Computing .
" In a race with a human mathematician using a mechanical calculator , the human kept pace for 30 minutes , but then had to retire exhausted as the machine carried on remorselessly .
The machine once ran for ten days unattended over a Christmas and New Year holiday period . "
It was a feat for its time .
Harwell was operational until 1957 and was then used in computer education until 1973 .
After that it was disassembled and put in storage–only to be revived now .
The Harwell will be housed alongside the rebuild of the earlier , code - breaking Colossus Mark II , the world 's first electronic computer .
Check out more photos and video of the Harwell computer below .
B.F.H. Coleman , a lecturer in charge of digital computing at Wolverhampton College of Technology , checks a punched tape for the 1950s WITCH .
The picture above was taken in1964 .
Also see BBC 's – video of the Harwell computer .
Top image :
The machine being used at Wolverhampton and Staffordshire College of Technology in 1961
Photos courtesy of The National Computing Museum and Computer Conservation Society / UKAEA / Wolverhampton Express and Star
UK users can pre-order the full version of Windows 7 Home Edition for just £ 64.95 , saving over £ 85 .
Retailers such as Amazon UK have slashed the price of the next Windows desktop operating system by up to 57 % .
Windows 7 is Microsoft 's attempt to get users to upgrade Windows XP machines .
Although users could upgrade from XP to Vista , many businesses chose not to , due to application incompatibility issues .
This meant that device driver software for printers , graphics , cards , network cards , and some applications failed to run on Windows Vista .
Vista also required more powerful PC hardware , which prevented some netbooks from supporting the new operating system .
Manufacturers whose netbooks were affected include Asus , Acer , Lenovo , Samsung , Toshiba , Dell , HP and Fujitsu .
However , Windows 7 has been designed to run on Netbooks with as little as 512MB of memory installed .
Microsoft says Windows 7 will run all Vista applications , but XP users may need to install Windows XP Mode , a virtual machine that enables them to continue running XP on top of Windows 7 .
Blog :
Why is Windows 7 cheaper in the UK than in the US ?
Windows 7 review
According to Penn and Teller , their fondness for the three of clubs is because it shows up so well on television .
Additionally , some years ago ( related in their 1997 book How to Play in Traffic and in an appearance on Late Night with Conan O'Brien ) they bought themselves a memorial marker ( cenotaph ) at the Forest Lawn Memorial Park in the Hollywood Hills .
On it is :
PENN & TELLER ( picture of the three of clubs ) " IS THIS YOUR CARD ? " CENOTAPH
The book includes both instructions on how to do the card trick ( to " force " the person to pick the three of clubs ) and a nice map to where the marker is .
The idea is to appear to screw up the trick and then later show your friend the marker as you sightsee .
( Many famous Hollywood stars and celebrities are buried there including : Humphrey Bogart , George Burns and Gracie Allen , Lon Chaney , Larry Fine of " The Three Stooges , " and Walt Disney who is not frozen as the legend tells it . )
On September 23 , Sydney woke up to a surreal scene that looked more like Mars than Australia .
The entire city had turned red due to an enormous dust storm .
Our readers in Sydney sent us their eerie photos of this event as it was happening .
NASA 's Terra satellite also captured the incredible event in these images with a spectroradiometer .
Above , the wall of dust blown from inland stretches along the populated coast around Sydney on the morning of September 23 .
The outline of the continent is faintly traced in the image for reference .
Individual point sources for the dust can be discerned .
And , according to NASA and the Australian Broadcasting Corporation , some of them were identified as rectangular agricultural plots that have been dried out by several years of drought in Australia .
A high - resolution image is available from NASA .
Below , the Terra satellite imaged the dust beneath storm clouds the next morning , September 24 , as it blew south across the Tasman Sea toward New Zealand , which is in the bottom right corner of the image .
The picture covers 1,450 miles from north to south with a resolution of 155 miles per pixel .
At this point , the plume had stretched 2,700 miles , roughly the width of the continental United States .
A high - resolution image is available from NASA .
Images : NASA
See Also :
Follow us on Twitter @betsymason and @wiredscience , and on Facebook .
Information
Filename : RetroWeedLG.jpg
Size : 546x710
Uploaded : 2007-07-21
Popular tags on the site
stephy ebooks sprites cat jessica cia ranma smashing shevington renee soepkip manga bonton wallpaper dilbert ryushin_ 14 himos mariage falco chubby rx7 giger fxc glastonbury bier yuko 1nsane rippenspreizer rwpeuro2006 cheerleader magic comic ka_series_l death_note paintball invasion emma 1999 krystal family donnamodelo.com hr_giger megaten avril spain forza ryushin_15 ryushin_09 dubai
Removal
The picture is uploaded by a user of this site .
The site has no responsibility for it .
If this image is illegal , please send an e-mail to abuse ( and put ILLEGAL + URL in the subject ) .
We will not remove any pictures that are just immoral or in any way legal to host under Swedish law .
" These are not play toys ; these are not the type of things you take a bunch of untrained guys out to play with , " said civil - rights attorney Don Bailey , who has several lawsuits pending against the state police .
" What if someone had gotten hurt ?
There needs to be a grand - jury investigation into the conduct and affairs of the Pennsylvania State Police 's top leaders . "
Rice Village finds construction a tough competitor TRIALS AND TRIBULATIONS
Why Rice Village has a big headache
Monsterville Horton IV of Cova says the construction has taken a toll on his wine business .
“ You feel helpless .
You can do promotions , but if people are avoiding the area , it does n't matter , ” he says .
less Monsterville Horton IV of Cova says the construction has taken a toll on his wine business .
“ You feel helpless .
You can do promotions , but if people are avoiding the area , it does n't matter , ” he ... more Photo : JULIO CORTEZ :, CHRONICLE Photo : JULIO CORTEZ :, CHRONICLE Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Rice Village finds construction a tough competitor 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
The empty parking spaces at lunchtime are an uncanny sight , and the rumbling in the distance bodes ill .
Rice Village merchants have come to hear that sound as a harbinger of doomed sales , a menace that keeps shoppers at bay .
It 's the low , incessant grumble of track hoes on Kirby Drive .
And while shopkeepers say the construction on Kirby will pay off in the long term , it could n't have come at a tougher time : in the midst of the worst economic downturn since the Great Depression .
The four - phase project to install new storm drainage along Kirby Drive started in 2004 .
The latest round peeled back the asphalt at the intersection with Tangley in April and is inching its way toward Bissonnet .
City officials expect the phase to be complete by next August .
Shops and strip malls along Kirby have become temporary islands until asphalt isthmuses appear wherever the road is peeled up and put back in place .
On a recent Wednesday , a neon sign glowed “ Open ” in the window of a Subway franchise , its empty parking lot surrounded by a moat of torn pavement .
Farther south , Shipley 's is accessible , but the Starbucks across the street is n't .
To get there , you 'd have to make a left turn three blocks later and then double back on the side road where , earlier that day , a truck got tangled in electrical lines and knocked out power to an office building .
At Cova , a high - end wine shop , owner Monsterville Horton IV watched the confluence of three Cats gouging out the intersection of Kirby and Quenby , where traffic alternately stopped and lurched forward .
In recent months , Horton has had promotions to lure and reward customers for braving the bumpy road .
He believed his stretch of street would be intact and open by the end of August , and then maybe he could stop giving away tapas at happy hour .
Instead , the crews just moved to the other side of the street .
“ I thought it would be done .
But it 's not , and it's not pretty , ” he said .
“ You feel helpless .
You can do promotions , but if people are avoiding the area , it does n't matter . ”
Retailers along Kirby say the wait has been agonizing , but the ripple effect of diverted traffic has even extended past the main thoroughfare , deep into the Rice Village shopping hub .
Tony Box 's jewelry store , Box & Box , occupies a prime spot on Rice Boulevard , clear of the construction .
But the parking spots outside are vacant .
Box has seen an unprecedented ebb in foot traffic and believes many people have written off the entire commercial corridor .
“ Customers have told me , ‘ Kirby 's a mess .
I 'll come back when it 's done , ' ” he said .
On Wednesday , Box sat in his store with two employees but no patrons , as dozens of wall clocks and watches in display cases ticked away the lunch hour — usually his busiest time , as customers drop in for repairs or cleanings .
The lag has put some neighboring stores in jeopardy , and it is n't doing him any favors , he said .
“ We had the hurricane .
We 've got the economy , ” he said .
“ Now we have so much construction choking off the arteries that feed us . ”
Still , business owners who remember Tropical Storm Allison in 2001 do n't take issue with the reason for the construction .
“ It 's going to save us a lot of hassle and headache , ” said Aubrey Mendonca , who owns the Perimeter Gallery , an arts and framing store on Rice Boulevard .
“ I 'm one of the highest - elevated stores in the Village , and I had a foot of water from Allison . ”
Mendonca does n't fault city engineers for the pace of construction :
They 're going as fast as they can , he says .
Public works spokesman Alvin Wright says the city has done what it could to accommodate commerce , including promising to halt construction between Thanksgiving and Christmas .
“ That 's one of the biggest seasons for the Village , ” Mendonca said .
“ They 've kept us in mind . ”
And he does n't think construction alone will be fatal to any Rice Village businesses .
“ We did see a few businesses fold because of the economy , but I do n't think it 's a danger of the construction . ”
Plenty of customers on Wednesday found their winding way to Starbucks , where they lined up in a drive - through to nowhere — an arrow pointed them back through the parking lot and out the way they came in .
At the sidewalk 's edge , a track hoe scraped off asphalt and then clawed through concrete , dropping the chunks into a waiting truck bed with an industrial - strength crunch .
jennifer.latson@chron.com
Essays on the things that matter to me .
You know how you can tell that Josh Olson ’s fiery rant against amateur screenwriters in the Village Voice is a classic ?
Because the comments are just as hilarious .
Take this one for example :
If you have a script , you better ask anyone and everyone to read it , whether they ’re a massively self - aggrandizing tool like this guy or a generous mentor .
In fact , if you ’re a wannabe screenwriter you should go out of your way to pester a - holes like this until they say yes , just to let them know you ’re not going away any time soon .
That ’s right .
Nothing says you ’re a professional like accosting people for purely selfish reasons .
Restraining orders be damned !
Then there ’s this one :
Why would I want Josh Olson to read my script ?
I ’d rather Stu Beattie , Aaron Sorkin or some other " professional "
Now there ’s a totally realistic goal !
Just the other day Stu and Aaron were at the Ivy lamenting that not enough amateurs were sending them unsolicited scripts .
But this might be the most telling comment of them all :
Hey Josh !
Who READ your first script ?
You know , the one that launched you as an A - grade hack .
Ah , the secret handshake myth ; the belief that success is n’t due to hard work and careful planning but one random stroke of good fortune .
This is why people will stand up in the middle of conventions and hand their handwritten treatments to Stan Lee .
This is why everybody in town has an unlisted number .
This is why so many amateurs never make the transition to professional working writers / actors / directors ; because they ’re so focused on the big End Run .
They ’re just not interested in taking all the little steps necessary to make a successful career .
They want the big time NOW !
In answer to the last set of comments , Josh Olson probably had at minimum a dozen people read his first produced screenplay .
It started with his screenwriting teacher , the people in his writer ’s group and possibly some freelance script readers .
Once he was sure it was worthy he submitted it to an agency or manager .
There it got another round of reads by script readers or junior execs before finally making it to the head man .
After he was signed the script went out to production companies and that meant yet another round of reads by readers , lower level guys before finally the decision was made to throw down some cash and make a movie out of it .
One of the things I eventually learned is that it ’s a minor miracle that anything gets made .
Because unless we ’re talking about an independently wealthy moron making his own crap , a script has a long hard road to travel before it reaches production .
Notice , however , that “ established screenwriter ” does n’t appear anywhere along that path .
Recommendations by Josh Olson or Stu Beattie carry next to no weight .
Nobody in the chain is going to defer their opinion to some outsider even if he did win an Oscar .
I can tell you I ’ve had scripts come my way that had all kinds of endorsements , and it still did n’t influence my coverage one iota .
I ’m part of that gauntlet .
I will read your f—ing script or anybody ’s f—ing script .
Depending on where you sent it , I might already have .
If I liked it , I passed it on to the next link .
If I did n’t , well you should already be hard at work on your next project , anyway .
The joy of being a photographer is being able to capture life in a single image .
Our eyes skim very briefly on facets of life , but sometimes we fail to notice the intricacies that make the wonders of this world so remarkable .
Simple things like looking at a bee settle onto a flower or looking at the rainbow spectrum in an insect ’s eye , or even taking just a closer look at the human eye : the window to the soul .
We walk around , not taking a moment to just enjoy these little bits of life .
Here we have collected a number of macro shots that hope to inspire and remind us of the little things that can just make you feel in awe .
Have a great weekend ahead :-)
Macro Photography , Vol. 2 – 70 Beautiful Photos of Insects Macro Photography , Vol. 2 – 70 Beautiful Photos of Insects Insect photography is challenging under the best circumstances .
Think about it : you 're taking photos of something that is ...
Read more
Animals , Insects / Bugs
A detailed view of Zoology and the tiny creatures we see every day .
# 3 @Michael Shpuntov
# 6 @Alan M
# 7 @tywak break
# 8 @alphacygni
# 10 @Marcus Wallinder
# 13 @Glynn m
# 16 @Marcus Wallinder
# 17 @Michael Shpuntov
# 18 @Michael Shpuntov
Human & Nature
Taking a closer look at the beauty of Mother Nature and the Facets of Human Life
# 23 @my - shots
#25 @ForbiddenSorrow
# 27 @v1ctory_1s_m1ne
# 29 @Michael Shpuntov
Here are some Amazing detailed close ups by Joakin Kraemer .
You can view more his works here .
Objects and Food Shots
One need never “ Object ” to viewing or receiving “ Food ” .
# 35 @Michael Shpuntov
# 36 @Michael Shpuntov
Last week the government published a shortlist of five schemes for harnessing the tidal power of the river Severn , to provide renewable electricity .
It is no secret which is favoured in Whitehall - the biggest one , as ever : a 10 - mile mega - barrage that would cost £ 14bn , and could generate 5 % of Britain 's power .
This may sound the kind of thing environmentalists ought to be unanimously keen on .
Yet many say that the damage done by this mammoth piece of technology - destroying mudflats and bird habitats , and weakening the famous tidal wave known as the Severn bore - would outweigh the benefits .
A battle is being joined over the fate of Britain 's longest river , and it is highlighting an uncomfortable truth which environmentalists do n't much like dwelling on : some green technologies can have distinctly un - green impacts .
Britain is a small , overcrowded and overdeveloped country in which wild places are at a premium .
On moors and glens , on tidal rivers and empty beaches , humanity 's impact can be escaped , at least for a time .
A mountain is an example of what the American poet Robinson Jeffers called " the transhuman magnificence " : a place that rises above the detritus of civilisation , where we may go to experience the reality of nature and the reality of ourselves .
I have had such experiences on mountains , and they helped lead me to become an environmentalist .
When I climb a mountain , then , and find that the detritus of civilisation has followed me , in the form of giant wind turbines , my reaction is not to jump for joy because it is zero - carbon detritus .
My reaction is to wonder how anyone could miss the point so spectacularly .
And when I hear other environmentalists responding to my concerns with aggressive dismissal - particularly if they have never visited the mountain in question - I get really quite depressed .
Fifteen or so years ago , as an excitable young road protester , I tried to prevent the destruction of beautiful places .
To me , building a motorway through ancient downland , or a bypass through a watermeadow , was a desecration .
To me today , a windfarm on a mountain is a similar desecration .
A tidal barrage that turns a great river into a glorified mill stream is a desecration .
Carpeting the Sahara with giant solar panels would be a desecration .
The motivation may be different , but the destruction of the wild and the wonderful is the same .
It is de rigueur among greens to respond to such heresy by explaining that we have less than 100 months to get to grips with global warming ; a few turbines on the odd hillside is a small price for preventing the apocalypse that would result from our failure .
Well , maybe .
But while renewable energy is a good thing in principle , if schemes end up , like their conventional forbears , as centralised mega - projects that override local feeling and destroy wild landscapes , then they become precisely the kind of projects that people like me cut their teeth trying to stop .
If you do n't understand what makes Helvellyn awe - inspiring , or the Severn bore magnificent , or the Lewis peat moors evocative , in some deep - and possibly inexplicable - sense , then you will have no idea what I 'm talking about .
These places will seem not to be places at all , but " resources " , ripe for exploitation ; and your response to them will be about not breathing space or spiritual nourishment , but kilowatt hours and energy security .
Environmentalism is surely inspired by a sense of wonder at the richness of the natural world .
Without that inspiration , it becomes the kind of bleached , technocratic , office - bound variety so common today , which pushes for the taming of rivers , mountains and wildlands in the name of making the ever - expanding human economy more " sustainable " .
Desperate to seem grown up , serious and economically literate , many greens seem to have become terrified of talking about the things that motivated them in the first place .
Beauty .
Wildness .
A connection to the non-human , the remote , the untamed .
Human impact on the world is now so enormous that the civilisation we have built is feeling the shudders .
If the world 's governments , with the collusion of some environmentalists , want to pretend that the need to question that civilisation 's values can be staved off with wave machines and wind turbines , it is up to them .
But we should understand that , whether we dig up coal or carpet the wildlands with barrages and turbines , we are making a statement : this is our world , and we will exploit every inch of it .
We want - no , need - more energy for our TVs , cars and planes .
It is our right .
There is no alternative .
There is only one place this attitude can lead : to a collision between civilisation and the biosphere .
I do n't see any number of barrages doing much to prevent that .
And I would put a lot of money on the winner .
• Paul Kingsnorth is author of Real England : The Battle Against the Bland paulkingsnorth.net
The remains of an ancient HIV - like virus have been discovered in the genome of the two - toed sloth .
( PhysOrg.com ) --
The retroviruses which gave rise to HIV have been battling it out with mammal immune systems since mammals first evolved around 100 million years ago - about 85 million years earlier than previously thought , scientists now believe .
The remains of an ancient HIV - like virus have been discovered in the genome of the two - toed sloth [ Choloepus hoffmanni ] by a team led by Oxford University scientists who publish a report of their research in this week ’s Science .
' Finding the fossilised remains of such a virus in this sloth is an amazing stroke of luck , ’ said Dr Aris Katzourakis from Oxford ’s Department of Zoology and the Institute for Emergent Infections , James Martin 21st Century School .
‘ Because this sloth is so geographically and genetically isolated its genome gives us a window into the ancient past of mammals , their immune systems , and the types of viruses they had to contend with . ’
The researchers found evidence of ‘ foamy viruses ’ , a particular kind of retrovirus that resembles the complex lentiviruses , such as HIV and simian retroviruses ( SIVs ) - as opposed to simple retroviruses that are found throughout the genomic fossil record .
‘ In previous work we had found evidence for similar viruses in the genomes of rabbits and lemurs but this new research suggests that the ancestors of complex retroviruses , such as HIV , may have been with us from the very beginnings of mammal evolution , ’ said Dr Aris Katzourakis .
Understanding the historical conflict between complex viruses and mammal immune systems could lead to new approaches to combating existing retroviruses , such as HIV .
It can also help scientists to decide which viruses that cross species are likely to cause dangerous pandemics - such as swine flu ( H1N1 ) - and which , like bird flu ( H5N1 ) and foamy viruses , cross this species barrier but then never cause pandemics in new mammal populations .
Provided by Oxford University ( news : web )
Explore further Rabbits hold key to HIV - like virus
What is Endangered Spaces Blog ?
Endangered Spaces is a blog about the Earth and the steps we must take to become a force for the positive change we want to see .
It is never too late and everyone is welcome .
September 01 , 2009 11:34 IST
T
he five - year BP outsourcing deal for $ 1.5 billion ( Rs 7,500 crore ) is the best piece of news that the outsourcing industry has had since the global recession began .
It tells the country that outsourcing , and its companion off - shoring , are here to stay .
The hostility towards the export of jobs , a result of high unemployment in the developed economies , is still there but so is the reality on the flip side businesss need to outsource so that it can cut costs and raise efficiency levels .
The associated good news for the Indian software and services industry is that its leading players particularly the trio of TCS , Infosys and Wipro are now truly ensconced in the big league when it comes to global outsourcing .
No large multi-vendor deal can be finalised without them getting a piece of the action .
Interestingly , while the beginning of the end of drought ( a virtual absence of large new orders ) is visible , it is Europe which is quicker off the mark , not the US which still is the biggest market .
For the smaller players , the next couple of years will be tough .
Through the year - long process that BP undertook to finalise its order , it brought down the number of its vendors from 40 to five .
During the boom years , when there were more orders than the large offshore vendors could service , the big clients also chose smaller players .
Now , with less to go around and the big players having developed end - to - end capabilities , it is the smaller vendors which have lost out .
To keep getting orders from large global clients , they have to make their niche offerings indispensable .
The consolidation among offshore vendors in the commoditised space has been on for long , and shows no sign of abating .
The Indian leaders are still getting orders because they have differentiated themselves by developing distinctive processes which have delivered better cost and quality .
Within this scenario , the warning note for the Indian leaders is that the global incumbents , IBM and Accenture , have got the juicier parts of the deal and the Indian players have secured the low - end work of application development and maintenance .
So they are still some distance away from their long - term aim of going up the value chain by delivering to large clients services like systems integration , enterprise solutions and infrastructure management .
In comparison , the global incumbents have been able to beat the cost challenge by stabilising their Indian operations .
Simultaneously , the Indian leaders attempts to acquire consulting skills remain work in progress .
The second challenge facing the large Indian players is to deliver substantial savings in costs and gains in efficiencies , running into several percentage points each .
So while the new order will take care of volume and revenue , the same cannot be said about margins .
The need to not just lower price but also deliver more for less means they will have to keep focusing on newer processes to raise productivity .
But they will find it difficult to regain the valuation premium they enjoyed before recession set in among the developed economies .
Those who suffer from celiac disease have much to contend with .
The immune - related disorder causes digestive symptoms when gluten is eaten , making flour - based foods such as breads and pasta problematic .
Eating gluten can injure the surface of the small intestine , not allowing the body to absorb some nutrients .
Previous studies have shown an increased risk of death among people with celiac disease .
But a new study in this week 's Journal of the American Medical Assn.reveals there also might be a moderately increased mortality risk for those who have less significant levels of symptoms related to the disease , such as intestinal inflammation or latent celiac disease .
Researchers from Sweden and England looked at data from biopsies done between 1969 and 2008 that included biopsies on the small intestine .
Data on all cases of celiac disease , inflammation and latent celiac disease were matched with controls .
The data revealed 3,049 deaths among patients with celiac disease , 2,967 deaths in patients who had inflammation , and 183 deaths in patients with latent celiac disease .
In all three groups the risk of death was higher -- those with inflammation had a 72 % increased risk of death , those with celiac disease had a 39 % increased risk , and those with latent celiac disease had a 35 % increased risk of death .
Researchers believe that the higher mortality rate for those with inflammation could be due to the fact that they were older at the beginning of the study .
Among causes of death were cardiovascular disease and malignancy .
The same issue of the journal features an editorial by Dr. Peter H.R. Green , director of the Celiac Disease Center at Columbia University College of Physicians and Surgeons .
In it , Green emphasizes the importance of doctors diagnosing celiac disease , and argues more attention should be paid to intestinal inflammation and gluten sensitivity .
Recently a new at - home test for celiac disease was introduced .
MyCeliacID is a do - it - yourself saliva - based test that uses genetics to determine if someone has a gene that is linked to the disease , but does not diagnose the active disease .
[ Update 1:40 p.m. :
An earlier version of this article said the test determines presence of the disease . ]
-- Jeannine Stein
Photo credit : Anne Cusack / Los Angeles Times
Send feedback to this online drum machine at contact@ordrumbox.comordrumbox js 1.0 experimental version for working version in java try java version
The study 's authors , led by Dr Robert Brackbill , from the Centres for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta , Georgia , wrote in the Journal of the American Medical Association ( Jama ) : " These analyses confirm that intense dust cloud exposure was associated with new asthma diagnoses for each eligibility group , including the 1,913 passers - by who only had exposure to the area air and dust on September 11 . "
JUN July 2009 AUG 28 29 30 1 2 3 4 W 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 W 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 W 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 W 26 27 28 29 30 31 1 W 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 W WEEK
Comics Navigation
The first Strip
Previous Strip
Next Strip
Today 's Strip
Aug. 12 , 2009  --
The 7 a.m. session at the OneTaste Urban Retreat in San Francisco is not your average yoga class .
At OneTaste , 15 minutes of yoga is just the warm up .
Then there 's 15 minutes of quiet meditation -- also a warm up , heightening all the senses for a most unusual finale .
When the final bell sounds , the class members pair off .
Gloves go on the men , and pants come off the women .
And , soon , the studio erupts in female ecstasy for another 15 minutes .
At OneTaste , they call this " the 3 - fold practice " : yoga , meditation and orgasmic meditation -- OM 'ing for short .
At OneTaste , they do this at least once every single day .
Watch this story on " Nightline " Tonight at 11:35 p.m. ET
" It 's focused on this stroke , this stroke , this stroke .
In the same way , if you 're doing sitting meditation , you focus on this breath , this breath , this breath , " said OneTaste founder Nicole Daedone .
" There 's a reason why we discovered that 15 minutes of OMing is good , " Daedone said .
" And that 15 minutes of OMing with yoga and meditation on either side is better .
So it took a long time to discover that . "
For an outsider , it is uncomfortable to watch .
But the participants seem to enjoy sharing and afterward , they sit in a circle and talk about it .
" There was a feeling of a burst of citrus orange , bright , like all of the sunlight was in it , " said one man .
" Oh , it 's the best way to start a Monday , " said another woman .
" I 'll be so much kinder and more present with my co-workers . "
The growing popularity of OneTaste is just one of many examples of how women seem to be reaching new sexual heights , with products and services aimed primarily at them .
Perhaps it 's the cultural influence of Carrie Bradshaw and her posse .
Perhaps the success of HBO 's " Sex and the City " spoke to a deeper cultural change for women .
But sex sells , and increasingly sex sells to women .
Sexually speaking , women seem to have come into their own .
The sexual revolution may have started 40 years ago with women burning their bras , but feminism has hit a whole new level : one out of three consumers of online porn is a woman , according to the Internet Filter Review , a Web site that tracks porn consumption .
Old School Porn with a Softer Side
Triple - X movies are no longer dominated by the Y chromosome .
Porn is now often made with a woman 's touch .
" Women generally want to know why two people are having sex , " said Nica Noelle , a top porn director .
" They want to know what the relationship is between those two people .
...
They want to feel that it's a relationship that matters to both of the characters .
And that the sex is passionate and intimate .
And none of those things were really being portrayed in the porn that was out there . "
Old school porn tends to cut straight to the chase .
In the stereotypical scenario , the " pizza guy " arrives on the scene , and the plot falls to the wayside .
Former porn star Candida Royalle was n't inclined to watch the kind of movies she starred in 25 years ago .
" There 's no foreplay to speak of and there 's just no buildup .
There 's no real communication , tenderness , " she said .
" It 's just very direct .
We 're here for sex , and we 're going to have sex , and it 's really hardcore gymnastics , and mechanical . "
Royalle not only wanted to create something different , but she was among the first to sense how videotape , and the Internet would change the porn industry .
Seedy peep shows would become a thing of the past .
Now it 's safe , and sanitary , for women to watch at home .
To Royalle , that meant a profitable new market .
" When I went to some of the top companies in Los Angeles , they were all kind of very patronizing , " Royalle recalled .
" ' Nice idea , Candida but women just are n't into this type of thing . '
And I knew they were wrong . "
Porn Plotlines Get Makeover
History has proved her right .
In the classic porno flick , " The Devil in Mr. Holmes , " it takes exactly 26 seconds for the first sex scene to take place .
The sex is over in less than a minute -- in 42 seconds flat .
But in Noelle 's erotic film for women , " The Stepmother -- Sinful Seductions , " the plot spans seven minutes and 32 seconds even before the first glimpse of nudity .
When the sex finally happens , it lasts for 32 minutes .
" It takes time for them to get together , " said Noelle .
" There 's usually some conflict , something from preventing them on just acting on their feelings immediately .
And then once they do have sex , there 's a lot of foreplay , there 's a lot of kissing , there 's a lot of looking into each other 's eyes . "
The actors are often partners in real life .
There are fewer breast implants , more realistic body types , and softer camera angles .
And the scenes do n't always end with the so - called money shot .
" Sex does not end with the man 's climax , that 's not what it is about , " said Royalle .
" There 's always after play .
And you do n't just see the guy falling asleep .
You do n't just cut to black , there 's always , ' I love you 's ' and giggling , laughing . "
Porn Shops Run By Women , for Women
Women are n't just transforming the style of porn flicks , but they 're also changing the way it 's sold .
In Old Town section of Alexandria , Va. , a place known for quaint , cobblestoned streets and as a former getaway for George and Martha Washington , one of the town 's most successful new shops is " Le Tache , " opened earlier this year .
" We sell lingerie , lotions lubricants , personal lubricants .
We sell erotic toys and we sell DVDs .
And we have a few goodies , " said Bo Kenney , owner of Le Tache .
" I have said it before .
I thought George Washington probably would have shopped here .
You know he did fight for liberty . "
Kenney says 60 percent of the customers are women and most of the locals seem take the store in stride .
Sex shops like Le Tache may turn some heads in Alexandria , but in other places across the country in San Francisco they 're yesterday 's news .
" Good Vibrations " has sold a variety of ergonomic sex toys for 30 years .
It 's a store run by women , for women and over the last five years , they say business has grown at a steady rate of 20 percent year after year .
Even during the recession , sales are up 11 percent .
" San Francisco might well be the capital city for this kind of sexual exploration , and certainly being open about it as we are and non-judgmental .
Not every place does , " said staff sexologist Carol Queen .
No surprise , then , that San Francisco should be the home for OneTaste and its unusual yoga classes .
Through the regular practice of orgasmic meditation , the folks at OneTaste strive to separate the pleasure of sex from the baggage of relationships and morality .
Most of the participants have day jobs , but many of them live at the center for months at a time , immersing themselves in sensuality .
The residents call themselves as " urban monks . "
Some practice the three - fold meditation as couples , but many have a variety of different partners .
Sex as a Spinning Class ?
When they started OneTaste two years ago , only men turned up .
Since then , founder Nicole Daedone says she shifted the emphasis to female orgasm and the crowd started to balance out .
" During this time while the economy is crashing more and more people are flooding in than ever before , " said Daedone .
" I think a lot of people are discovering that a lot of the rules that they believed in are n't working . "
Daedone insists she 's just an enlightened woman , who has overcome her hangups about sex .
" I as a woman was frozen ... but I did n't realize [ men and women ] were equally frozen .
That it was an equally frozen dance we were in together , " she said .
" This is just a way of saying , you know what , every single day just ... for 15 minutes of my life , I 'm going to take time out for myself and my partner and we are going to take that time and make that the foundation of our lives , this connection , " said Daedone .
" And you get to feel the world around you in this unadulterated way , just raw sensations of life , I think that 's pretty good in and of itself . "
The participants at OneTaste -- men and women alike -- say the practice has made them more sensitive in their daily minds and that it frees their minds from the constant background chatter of sex .
Though Daedone calls it " incredibly healthy , " she knows the very idea of OneTaste is bound to be controversial .
We asked her :
Are they turning sex into a spinning class ?
" No , " she said .
" It 's not a replacement for love or romance or sexuality within a relationship .
It 's a way to begin to feel each other at this really essential level . "
" It is such an incredibly compelling place to be , " she said .
" It 's not a replacement for love or romance or sexuality within a relationship .
It 's a way to begin to feel each other at this really essential level . "
If you 're tempted to say , " Only in San Francisco , " think again : OneTaste recently opened a second outpost in New York .
Galveston Co. game - room patron wounds would - be robber Game - room patron wounds would - be robber
A 77 - year - old man was within his rights when he shot a robber during a holdup of a game room in unincorporated Galveston County , Texas City police officials said Tuesday .
“ He is truly a victim whose back was against the wall , ” said Texas City police Capt .
Brian Goetschius , referring to Robert Hays .
Hays was among about a dozen patrons inside Players Paradise about 12:45 a.m.
Monday when a pair of armed men stormed the club at 4801 State Highway 146 , officials said .
Hays said he was " peacefully minding my own business ' ' when the armed robbers forced their way inside .
" The next thing I knew , I was essentially flying through the air backwards and slammed down on the floor , '' said Hays , a Korean War veteran .
Hays , now lying on the floor , handed the robber his wallet .
" He looked through it and threw it back down on me , " he said .
He watched as the robbers worked their way through the game room , taking the wallets and purses from their other victims .
A snub - nose .38 caliber revolver in his hands , Hays was ready in case the robbers came at him .
" There were only two ways he could get at me , '' Hays said .
" I positioned myself on the floor where I could see him if he came either way . ''
Hays pulled the revolver from under his shirt and fired a single shot , striking one of the masked robbers , Goetschius said .
" It 's not an easy thing to pull a trigger on a human being , '' Hays said .
" But , when that man stood over me and said , ' Give me all your money , ' my blood just boiled . "
The robber fell to the ground and dropped his gun , Goetschius said .
“ One of his shoes came off and he ran out the back door with the other suspect . ”
Hays said he shot the man to protect himself and the other patrons at the game room , especially Sharon , his wife of 39 years .
" When that first man dropped his pistol and went down , she got up and grabbed ( it ) and was ready to back me up , '' Hays said .
About 30 minutes later , a man walked into the emergency room at Clear Lake Regional Medical Center .
“ He initially stated he had been stabbed .
Then , it was corrected to ‘ I ’ve been shot , ’ ” Goetschius said .
The man remains under guard at the hospital in unknown condition with a single gunshot wound .
He has not yet been charged in the robbery , but was wanted for failing to pay child support , police said Tuesday .
Goetschius also said the 34 - year - old man is a convicted robber .
He was sentenced to five years in prison in 1995 after being found guilty of aggravated robbery .
Hays was not injured during the holdup .
Hays said he learned how to fire a pistol in the Air Force during the Korea War and later as a reserve Galveston County sheriff 's deputy .
He has also received mandatory firearms training for his concealed handgun license .
He will be listed as the victim when the case is presented Wednesday to a Galveston County grand jury , police said .
“ We believe he acted in accordance with the law , defending himself and others , ” Goetschius said .
Police are continuing to search for two other robbers — including one who had apparently been inside the club earlier that evening and the night before .
mike.glenn@chron.com
The day we start banning books , we are banning thinking
Jaswant Singh
India 's BJP in disarray Authorities in the western Indian state of Gujarat state have banned a controversial book on Pakistan 's founder Mohammed Ali Jinnah .
The book has been written by Jaswant Singh , an expelled leader of the Hindu nationalist main opposition party BJP .
The BJP government in Gujarat said it banned the book for its " defamatory references " to Vallabhbhai Patel , India 's first home minister .
The late Mr Patel is a political icon in his home state of Gujarat .
Described often as the " Iron Man of India " , Mr Patel played an important role in the country 's independence and the integration of the different states in the Indian Union .
" The book has been banned because it contains defamatory references regarding Vallabhai Patel who is considered as the architect of the modern India , " a statement by the Gujarat government says .
Jaswant Singh 's book is a serious academic exercise , one long overdue .
A serious political party should have space for that
Pratap Bhanu Mehta , analyst " It is a bid to defame Patel by distorting historical facts .
So , the state government has decided to ban the book with immediate effect for wider public interest . "
Jaswant Singh said he was " saddened " by the banning of the book in Gujarat .
" The day we start banning books , we are banning thinking , " he said .
Jaswant Singh book examines the role of Congress party leader and the country 's first Prime Minister , Jawaharlal Nehru , and Mr Patel in the partition of India in 1947 .
He writes that Mr Patel was " far off the mark " in many ways with his projections about the division and future of India .
The book was released earlier this week and immediately created a controversy .
The BJP " dissociated " itself from the book and sacked Mr Singh from the party .
' Anti-intellectual ' Jaswant Singh , a 71 - year - old party veteran who has served as finance and external affairs minister in BJP cabinets , said he was " saddened " by his expulsion .
The party is plagued by infighting " It saddens me even more that I have been expelled on grounds of writing a book , " he said .
Mr Singh has said that his book is a " purely academic exercise , which should be read and understood " .
Analysts have criticised the BJP for sacking Mr Singh over a book .
" Jaswant Singh 's book is a serious academic exercise , one long overdue .
It is complicated , full of internal tensions .
A serious political party should have space for that , " wrote political scientist Pratap Bhanu Mehta in The Indian Express .
" In expelling Jaswant Singh the BJP has confirmed the fears of its worst critics : that the party is nothing but a party founded on endless resentment that makes it inherently insecure and anti-intellectual . "
The Times Of India daily said Mr Singh 's expulsion raised questions about free thinking and free speech in cadre - based , ideology driven parties .
" Surely it is not impossible for a political outfit to function without asking members to always agree with party views , " the newspaper said .
The Hindu says it is for " historians to evaluate the scholarly merit of Mr Singh 's work " .
" But who is to say that a political figure , especially when he or she is out of power , is not to dabble in such sensitive areas , " the newspaper wrote .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The biggest U.S. Internet service providers urged regulators to adopt a conservative definition of “ broadband , ” arguing for minimum speeds that were substantially below many other nations .
An MIT Sloan Fellow gestures before a computer screen at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology Sloan School of Management in Cambridge , Massachusetts July 23 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Brian Snyder
The submissions were filed with the Federal Communications Commission which had sought comments by August 31 on how the agency should define broadband for a report to be submitted to Congress early next year .
The Obama administration is seeking ways to extend broadband services to both unserved Americans living in rural areas and to make broadband affordable for those living in urban areas .
Some of the submissions from service providers argued for a definition that even undercut an international ranking of U.S. Internet speed .
A 2008 study by the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development showed that the United States ranked 19th with an advertised rate of 9.6 megabytes per second ( mbps ) .
The top three countries were Japan with 92.8 mbps , Korea with 80.8 mbps and France with 51 mbps .
“ The definition must include those services that Americans actually need and want -- and can afford -- to participate in the Internet - driven economy , ” AT&T Inc said in its comment letter to the FCC .
AT&T said regulators should keep in mind that not all applications like voice over Internet protocol ( VoIP ) or streaming video , that require faster speeds , are necessarily needed by unserved Americans .
Verizon Communications Inc and Verizon Wireless , a joint venture between Verizon and Vodafone Group Plc , urged the FCC to maintain speeds of at least 0.768 mbps downstream and 0.200 mbps upstream .
Those speeds are being used by the U.S. government in administering $ 7.2 billion in loans and grants for broadband projects as part of the U.S. economic stimulus package .
“ It would be disruptive and introduce confusion if the commission were to now create a new and different definition , ” Verizon said in its letter .
Comcast Corp , the biggest cable provider , said that “ simpler is better ” and that the actual online experience of any particular consumer at any particular moment in time involves a wide range of factors .
“ Many of which are outside the control of the Internet service provider , ” Comcast said in its letter , which argued for defining “ basic ” broadband as having a downstream and upstream speed of 0.256 mbps .
However , Free Press , a public interest group , urged Congress and the FCC to set the bar high and to consider broadband as a critical infrastructure .
In its submission , Free Press urged the FCC to craft a definition with a minimum upstream and downstream speed of at least 5 mbps for each end user .
“ We fully recognize that incumbents for the most part will scoff at a symmetrical definition , ” wrote Derek Turner , research director at Free Press .
“ The commission must ignore any such self - serving pleas for watered - down standards . ”
FCC Chairman Julius Genachowski told Reuters in July that broadband was the “ the major infrastructure challenge of our generation . ”
links to this page : Magma Swiki Page List Magma Backup and Recovery
Magma High Availability
Last updated at 1:53 am UTC on 20 June 2013
High - Availability
Introduction
Introducing MagmaNode
Architecture
Getting Started with High - Availability
model backup
myRepositoryController modelBackupTo : aFileDirectory
myAdminSession isModelBackupRunning
Restore Mode
Increased Read Scale
initially
The Process of Joining a Node
Client Handling
mySession requiredProgress : the MinimumCommitNumber
High - Availability
second
Managing the Node
|myAdminSession| myAdminSession := ( MagmaRemoteLocation host : ' secondaryHost ' port : secondaryPort ) newAdminSession .
myAdminSession takeOverAsPrimary
Admin Sessions
#modelBackupTo : serverStringPath # beWarmBackupFor : primaryLocation # serverSave : saveOption and Exit : exitOption #takeOverAsPrimary #removeWarmBackup : aMagmaRemoteLocation
aMagmaRemoteLocation newAdminSession
The HA Test Cases
HA Use - Case 1 : Add a server to the Node
What If They Closed Government and Nobody Noticed ?
James Joyner · · 10 comments
Dave Schuler reports that this is exactly what happened in his hometown of Chicago .
The Monday furlough that was touted as a draconian way to cut the budget wound up hurting only the government employees who get screwed out of a day ’s pay .
Dave suggests , “ If this keeps up the people of Chicago may decide that a permanent 20 % cut in the city ’s payroll achieved by cutting the work week for city employees to four days and cutting their pay accordingly might not be a bad thing . ”
I suspect most city services could be provided adequately with four - day staffing ; indeed , most government agencies and even many businesses could probably gain efficiency by going to that model .
The 20 % pay cut , however , would surely sting .
Photo by Flickr user masonliu under Creative Commons license .
NBA 10 The Inside
FACT SHEET
Publisher : Sony Computer Entertainment America Inc .
Developer : Sony Computer Entertainment America , San Diego
Platform : PSP ® ( PlayStation ®Portable ) system
Genre : Sports
Players : Single - player , 2 players via wireless multiplayer connectivity
Launch Date : October 6 , 2009
ESRB Rating : “ E ” for Everyone
OVERVIEW
From the studio that brought MLB 09 ®
The Show™ , SCEA San Diego presents NBA 10 The Inside .
NBA action is back once again for hoops on - the - go with NBA 10 The Inside for the PSP ® ( PlayStation ®Portable ) system .
Combining the perfect blend of arcade and simulation basketball along with a host of unique mini-games , NBA 10 The Inside delivers an engaging NBA experience with quick action and fluid gameplay .
This year ’s effort expands on the franchise by offering the most diverse and feature - rich handheld NBA action available .
New this year is the expanded Conquest Mode , with three original features where players will take on the entire country and battle in the classic acquisition style of Conquest while playing Dodgeball , Give & Go , or MiniQuest which allows players to choose from 1 of 4 mini - games .
In addition , two new mini - games have been brought into the mix — Open Lanes , a traditional 10 frame bowling game , and Cherry Pickin , ’ a puzzle based mini - game with an NBA feel , both of which players can enjoy anytime , anywhere .
NBA 10 The Inside also brings back all of the popular mini - games from years past .
From the Skee - Ball - like Hot Shot to basketball - themed pinball tables , all are available to provide fast and engaging action that further adds to the stable of traditional and non-traditional basketball gameplay .
Refined gameplay mechanics and Artificial Intelligence ( A.I. ) also help to create a more realistic and action - oriented experience .
And , with expanded play - by - play and audio commentary from Kenny Smith and Ian Eagle , NBA 10 The Inside delivers an unrivaled experience for basketball fans and gamers alike .
KEY FEATURES
New Quest Modes
DodgeQuest – Players will battle teams head - to - head in an attempt to take over the entire country while playing the Dodgeball mini-game .
In - game power ups and player upgrades have also been added to the traditional Dodgeball mode for depth .
– Players will battle teams head - to - head in an attempt to take over the entire country while playing the Dodgeball mini-game .
In - game power ups and player upgrades have also been added to the traditional Dodgeball mode for depth .
Give &GoQuest – Players will face off on the Give &
Go mini - game as they battle other cities and acquire players in an attempt to take over the entire country .
– Players will face off on the Give & Go mini - game as they battle other cities and acquire players in an attempt to take over the entire country .
MiniQuest – New Conquest mode lets players take over the entire country and choose from either Dodgeball , Conquest , Elimination , or Give & Go each time two cities battle one another .
New Mini-Games
Open Lanes – A traditional 10 frame bowling mini - game with an NBA look and feel .
– A traditional 10 frame bowling mini - game with an NBA look and feel .
Cherry Pickin’ – A puzzle based mini - game where players shoot colored orbs that stick to the game board , which is made of additional colored orbs .
The goal is to line up at least three orbs of the same color to remove them from the board .
The overall objective is to clear out all orbs on the game board to proceed to the next level .
– A puzzle based mini - game where players shoot colored orbs that stick to the game board , which is made of additional colored orbs .
The goal is to line up at least three orbs of the same color to remove them from the board .
The overall objective is to clear out all orbs on the game board to proceed to the next level .
Classics – Shootin’ Bricks , Block A Shot , Big Shooter , Pinball and more classic mini-games return in NBA 10 The Inside .
Expanded Play - by - Play and Color Commentary
Ian Eagle returns to provide new play - by - play and in - depth analysis , along with fresh color commentary from former NBA star Kenny Smith .
Realistic Animations – Running at 60 FPS , NBA 10 The Inside incorporates tandem animation technologies to produce ultra realistic player interactions .
Additionally , motion capture data delivers smooth gameplay and lifelike player movements .
Wireless Multiplayer Gameplay – Compete head - to - head against friends and basketball fans around the country with Ad Hoc connectivity of up to two PSP systems , or link to a network via a wireless local area network ( VLAN ) access point for multiplayer action nationwide .
Anne Dick , the third wife of Philip K. Dick , still lives in the house she shared with the legendary and mysterious writer .
I visited her there to talk about her new memoir , The Search for Philip K. Dick .
Advertisement
The sleepy town of Point Reyes Station rests 90 minutes north of Oakland .
There Anne still lives in the same house where her late husband wrote The Man in the High Castle .
When Anne casually wandered over to the small bungalow rumored to be the home of a newly - local writer in 1959 , she had no idea her visit would begin an intense and tumultuous love affair that would both inspire and haunt her for the rest of her life .
As Anne and I sat in the Northern California sunshine on her back patio , overlooking the field where Dick reportedly saw a giant mask of evil in the sky , I kept remembering the line from Parsifal that Dick quotes repeatedly in VALIS , ‘ You see , my son , here time changes into space , ' and I was thinking about how in traveling those short 90 minutes north , I had also traveled backwards in time , closer to Phil , and closer to untangling the Gordian knot that was his life .
Anne witnessed first - hand the most prolific period in Dick 's career , a five year stretch from 1958 - 1964 during which time Phil wrote many of his most celebrated novels including : The Man in the High Castle , The Three Stigmata of Palmer Eldritch , Martian Time - Slip , Confessions of a Crap Artists , Dr Bloodmoney , We Can Build You , Now Wait For Last Year , and The Simulacra .
Their marriage oscillated between pastoral scenes of the family at night beside a vernal pond on the property , eating fudge and listening to the local frogs ' intricate songs , and dark struggles for power that pushed Dick to commit Anne to a psychiatric hospital ( she was released two weeks later ) .
Advertisement
Anne began work on her memoir , The Search for Philip K Dick , more than two decades ago , but until recently the book was only available in an extremely rare and pricey edition costing more than a hundred dollars .
Now , given the ease of self - publishing , Anne has revised the book and made it easily available for the first time ever .
Anne is currently publicizing the release of her revised memoir , a book that may allow many of Phil Dick 's readers to discover anew that the author 's most outlandish worlds were in fact inner landscapes .
Q . Why did you write this book ?
When Philip left in 1963 and filed for divorce I thought we were deeply in love and had a committed marriage and I could n't make sense of what had happened .
I was deeply emotionally involved with Phil for years although I picked up my life and went on for the sake of my four daughters and succeeded for the most part .
Philip 's death in 1982 was a terrible shock to me .
Since nothing had ever been resolved between us I decided to try to write about what had occurred in our marriage and perhaps then I would be able to understand .
Search ended up being a full biography as well as a memoir .
It was the first thing I wrote aside from letters and grocery lists and I rewrote it fifty times trying to get it right .
When I was l finished three years later I still did n't understand what had happened .
I did figure things out to some extent when I revised the book in 2009 .
Even then Phil remains a mystery .
Such a complicated man .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Q : Why have you chosen to revise the work and self - publish now ?
A top science fiction agent , Virginia Kidd , picked Search up .
She thought the book was going to be a big success and I would soon be on a lecture tour throughout the country .
She sent it to Philip 's editor at Doubleday , the logical place for it to be published , but because of some unfortunate literary politics it did n't happen .
Virginia sent it to all the top houses but Philip was n't that well known in the mid-1980's – we received great rejection letters but it did n't sell .
I received some negative feedback from male friends of Phil's – Phil was their hero and they did n't want to read anything bad about him .
It 's a loving book but it is an honest book too .
Phil 's different personalities were too much for some of his friends to deal with and I certainly can sympathize with that .
Advertisement
Having written one book more or less successfully I continued to write .
If I 'd had the courage , I would have started writing much earlier in my life ; I 'd tried a few times over the years , did n't like what I had written , and gave up .
After writing Search I started on a personal Memoir that I am still working on .
I wrote two science fiction novels .
I 'm working on a literary novel .
I 'm hoping to publish my grandfather 's letters .
I 've written a lot of poems .
The experiences I had with agents over the years were frustrating .
They would keep a book for a year or two , saying encouraging things , and then reject it – a huge waste of time .
I decided to self - publish my own work starting with some poetry I had written in 2001 and 2002 .
I sent the poetry off to an excellent poetry teacher for feedback and he had it for so long that I started revising Search for Philip K Dick .
The edited poetry came back but by then I was involved with Search and spent the next nine months on this revision .
I am very satisfied with the way the self - published book looks and reads .
Advertisement
Q. Was this an easy book to write ?
Why or why not ?
By now I 've been writing Search off and on for 27 years !
Sam Umland , a professor at the University of Nebraska went over it with me , and it was he who arranged for the 1993 Mellen publication .
I had good feelings about that – contemplating a New York publication of a book about my family problems and Philip 's problems was daunting as much as I would like to have been a published author back then .
Now that I 've revolved around the sun for eighty two years , I 'm not as fearful of the truth .
The truth is the truth and we 're all a little weird and strange way down underneath .
Advertisement
Q. How do you want Philip to be remembered ?
I 've developed much more understanding of why Philip 's work is important and of the amazing creative synthesis he achieved in his science fiction novels and stories .
As far as how he is remembered , I feel Philip has gone far beyond any influence I might have on his posthumous image .
He lived in his books and he 's remembered by his readers .
In my family my daughters and I remember him kindly despite the problems at the end of our marriage and the downward path of his next few years .
As a person he was delightful to be around and live with , although I believe something dark hung around his life too .
Advertisement
Q. I know that in researching your memoir Search you read each of Philip 's novels twice .
What was that experience like for you ?
I was amazed , when I read them in the order they were written , to find that they were a surreal autobiography .
I loved the black sociological and political humor .
I love his imagination .
His novels and stories make me laugh out loud .
The books deal with dark subjects but they are full of light .
They prophesied the future both specifically and generally .
The world has become Dickian or some say phildickian .
I did n't like how he portrayed relationships between men and women .
I liked the Point Reyes novels and the 1950 's stories the best .
I did n't like the later ones as much but I admired Scanner Darkly .
I never did like Valis all that much .
So much hoopla over that book and Phil 's pink light experience .
Philip told his longtime friend Ray Nelson that the pink beam of light occurred when two girl scouts selling cookies came to the door and a pink beam flashed from one of their glasses .
I love that kind of Phildickian humor .
I liked the woman in Timothy Archer , the first positive portrait of a female person .
Advertisement
Q. Finally , what do you think Philip would make of his current literary success ?
He was such a different person later on it's hard to say .
I 'm sure he would be pleased .
I thought it was a little sad when he received a large sum of money for his writing [ in the early 80s ] and all he could think of to do with it was buy a ham sandwich .
It was nice he gave money away .
He enjoyed seeing an early version of Bladerunner .
Advertisement
Q. Most of Philip 's fans that have read The Man in the High Castle know that you ran a jewelry business for a time .
Can you tell us about your artistic endeavors ?
Advertisement
Phil wrote in The Man in the High Castle about the beginning of the jewelry business exactly as it happened .
I started the business with Phil 's help in 1960 when Laura was born and continued for 47 years until 2007 when I sold it .
I 'm somewhat known in the craft world .
I 've sold to some of the top galleries in the US , and to museum stores , and upper end gift stores .
I had 13 people , some of them part time , working for me at one point .
I was the largest employer in our town .
( It 's a very small town . )
The Search for Philip K Dick is available for order at Point Reyes Cypress Press .
Advertisement
David Gill is a Philip K Dick scholar who writes the Dick - centered Total Dick - Head blog , and teaches literature and writing at San Francisco State University .
Excerpts from Anne 's memoir are currently featured on the Total Dick - Head blog .
Photos , from top :
1. Anne and Phil at a friends house early 60s .
2. Dicks in front of Point Reyes house , most likely taken in 1963 towards the end of the marriage .
In the back row Anne , Phil , and Anne 's daughter Hatte , in the front row Tandy and Laura ( Hatte and Tandy are Anne 's daughters from her first husband Richard Rubenstein ; Laura is currently helping to run the Philip K Dick Trust ) .
3. Anne Dick in front of one of her many sculptures .
This photo was probably taken around 1970 .
Wahlkampf Bundesmutti von der Leyen und die Medien
Minsterin von der Leyen trifft auf ein SPIEGEL TV Team .
Das kann nicht gut gehen .
Because life is so utterly elusive all the way down to the end , you have two basic choices if you want to say anything about it .
You can say a lot , too much even , and be satisfied that at least you ’ve dumped as much clutter on the matter as you could .
Or you can withhold , take little tiny pecks at the thing , and be satisfied that the gaping silences are doing the job .
Raymond Carver came out with Will You Please Be Quiet , Please ? in 1976 and What We Talk About When We Talk About Love in 1981 .
The stories are a revelation in pecks and silences .
Stripped down , punchy sentences did just that :
They punched your guts out .
The human landscape of his stories was so rich for being so bare .
It seems impossible that literature can be this honest , this true .
But there it is .
If your hands do n’t tremble a little when you read Raymond Carver then you ’re lacking something essential in your make - up :
You ’re flat , you ’re a goner , you wo n’t do .
The trouble ( if such things trouble you ) is that the stories in both those volumes are what they are not just because of Carver , but also because of the rough hands of a certain Gordon Lish , Editor .
Mr. Lish , working at Knopf , took the stories that Carver sent him and he hacked away at them , mercilessly .
He liked the stories as they were , no doubt , but he saw something else in them as well , something harder and more pure .
He saw the power in Carver ’s natural restraint and he wanted to push it to the very limit .
He saw a compact emotional explosion in each story , and he pared away at the language until each one was a mean package of terrible beauty .
It worked .
The stories are brilliant , devastating .
There is nothing like them .
But Carver never felt very good about what had happened .
A good editor will sometimes show a heavy hand , but Lish would cut stories sometimes by more than 50 percent .
He would rearrange them completely .
He would write new sections and concoct his own endings .
D.T. Max , who wrote a story about the whole affair in 1998 for The New York Times Magazine , studied the original manuscripts , which now reside at the Lilly Library of Indiana University .
Max summed it up thusly :
“ Overall , Lish ’s editorial changes generally struck me as for the better .
Some of the cuts were brilliant , like the expert cropping of a picture .
His additions gave the stories new dimensions , bringing out moments that I was sure Carver must have loved to see .
Other changes , like those in ” Tell the Women We ’re Going , ” struck me as bullying and competitive .
Lish was redirecting Carver ’s vision in the service of his own fictional goals .
The act felt parasitic .
Lish ’s techniques also grew tired more quickly than did Carver ’s .
After a while , the endless ” I say , ” ” he says ” tags Lish placed on so much of the dialogue felt gimmicky .
In all cases , however , I had one sustained reaction :
For better or worse , Lish was in there . ”
Raymond Carver was a damaged man .
He was drunk and barely holding on for long periods of his life .
He was drowning in a sea of nameless troubles .
Just before What We Talk About was to be published , he asked Lish to withhold the volume .
He sensed both that something great had been done with his stories and that , perhaps , the transformation was too much .
He wrote an anguished letter to Lish in which he explained , “ Maybe if I were alone , by myself , and no one had ever seen these stories , maybe then , knowing that your versions are better than some of the ones I sent , maybe I could get into this and go with it . ”
He felt humiliated by the degree to which Lish was having his way with the stories even as he recognized that much of the time Lish was doing the right thing .
Lish ignored him and the book came out .
It made Carver famous , a literary hero .
What could he do ?
There was no turning back , and so he did n’t .
He just kept writing and then seven years later it was over .
He was dead .
Ever since , the Carver / Lish problem has lingered at the corner of the collective literary conscience like a dirty secret .
It has plagued those who love his work , especially some of the people closest to Carver during his life and doubly so to his widow , Tess Gallagher , who has been trying to figure out what to do about it for decades .
Recently , she has decided to publish a volume of the same stories from What We Talk About When We Talk About Love , restored to what they were before Lish got hold of them .
Some see it as the appropriate thing to do .
Others are horrified .
Carver ’s later editor at Knopf , Gary Fisketjon said , “ I would rather dig my friend Ray Carver out of the ground .
I do n’t understand what Tess ’s interest in doing this is except to rewrite history .
I am appalled by it . ”
To read Raymond Carver is to care for the man and to feel personally involved in questions of his reputation .
Reading Carver and being affected by him as a writer transforms into a process of rooting for him as a man .
The fact that he was able to write at all was a triumph over tough times .
In talking about his influences , Carver wrote : “ The main influence on my life and writing has been a negative one , oppressive and often malevolent . ”
It is moving that he triumphed over it all enough to write , and then to write with such clarity and honesty .
More than that , Carver ’s triumph also seemed to be a triumph for clarity and honesty in literature in general .
All the experimentalism in literature , all the formalism and trickery with language suddenly looked empty in the face of Carver ’s stripped down writing about real people in bad situations making a go of it one way or another .
And an ethos went along with that .
It was about being a straightforward and direct person and then writing that way , too .
Carver believed in that .
In an essay on writing he tried to isolate that singular thing a writer needs to be good .
He talked about the importance of “ the writer ’s particular and unmistakable signature on everything he writes .
It is his world and no other .
This is one of the things that distinguished one writer from another . ”
Many of those who hailed Carver ’s writing when it first appeared were excited for the hope it provided that a robust and plain and personal style could deliver something classic and powerful .
A lot of people had been waiting for a man like Raymond Carver for a long time .
And that is why he himself felt so uncomfortable and humiliated by the work that Lish was doing .
It was n’t just the feeling that Lish was diminishing Carver ’s own authorial persona , it was that Lish was putting the lie to a whole idea about the author forging that unique individual style .
His world and no other .
But it is n’t Carver ’s world and no other .
It is a stranger world in which Raymond Carver is both himself and a hybrid creature called LishCarver , and maybe a few other things besides .
Carver tried to reaffirm the singularity and importance of the author and in the end he ’s provided more ammunition for those like Barthes or Foucault who would affirm the death of said creature .
I think we have to accept that fact even if it hurts a little .
Carver did n’t get his literary triumph quite the way he wanted it .
But God knows most of his stories are about the ways that things do n’t come out quite right .
In fact , you might say that Carver ’s central philosophical premise is that nearly everything that happens to human beings , good or bad , happens in the gaps between what we think we ’re doing and what we ’re actually doing .
Why should Carver himself have experienced anything different ?
In the end , Ray Carver needed some help , just like we all do .
Lish showed him just how good he could be and he learned from it .
That ’s fine .
Carver may have been partial to the idea that the author must stand alone , inviolable , but it just does n’t hold up .
What we have , instead , is something more complicated .
And that ’s fine , too , because we also have the stories , and they are undeniably , indisputably great .
• 22 October 2007
GIMP redux , single ‐window mode
18 September 2009 , 19:19
This blog entry covers the final part of my talk at the libre graphics meeting this year , after dealing with the schmuck and squaring a circle .
It will also be pure falsification of history , Soviet‐style : I used my talk to kick off a discussion and to start the design process .
Most of the interesting things I am showing you today were not even conceived when I delivered my lecture .
real history
Here is what was presented at LGM : First , I set the mood by showing a selection of single ‐window contributions from the UI brainstorm :
The high number of contributions in the single ‐window category confirms that this is a major issue where action needs to be taken .
The many forms the contributions take shows us that a measure of flexibility and configurability is needed .
Next , I reminded everyone that it is a fifty –fifty world : about 50 % of GIMP users love the multi‐window interface of today and do not want to lose it , about 50 % of GIMP users would love to move to a single ‐window interface .
one switch
With the world fifty –fifty split , we will serve them with one switch in the Windows menu , switching between multi‐and single ‐window mode .
I used the mock‑up with the beautiful orange sports car from the brainstorm to demonstrate the basic idea ( no real UI design implied here ) .
When set to single ‐window mode , each document will appear in a tab :
the toolbox and inspectors can be ‘ torn off ’ :
here the toolbox is side ‐docked back and it is shown how the inspector floats :
and last , inspectors can be made multi‐column .
Here , another column has been created to allow more dockables to be organised :
The eagle‐eyed will see that there is quite a bit of fudging in those images , so do n’t sweat the details .
three problems
I closed off the talk with three things that were bugging me at the time :
no tab tear ‐off tearing off a tab and making that into a separate window — as seen on web browsers — would make our single ‐window interface into a multi‐window interface .
How annoyingly inconsistent .
no side ‐docking , to multi‐windows both toolbox and inspectors are unique for the application and by nature there are multiple window instances .
That means it is unnatural to dock the toolbox and inspectors to windows .
It is however possible to introduce multi‐column inspectors for multi‐window mode .
no image comparison
With tabs , only one image is visible at the time .
Thinking about clever plans to see two images side ‐by ‐side in split panes , one sees immediately the confusion rising : which is the image that the menus perform operations on .
Which one is shown in the layers dialog ?
tomorrow starts now
So far , so predictable .
Here is where the interesting stuff starts .
After my talk I had a good round of brainstorming with Martin Nordholts on the tear‐off and comparison problems .
The result of that is what I call the polaroid .
To demonstrate it , let ’s say one is still working on that lovely orange sports car and in a second tab we have loaded this image of a cool Ferrari Berlina :
Now we want to compare our orange creation to the Ferrari .
All we have to do is to tear off the Ferrari tab and presto : a polaroid of it appears :
This is not a GIMP image window .
It is not even a window , the window manager will know nothing about it .
We avoid making it look like a window , down to ignoring the theme colors and executing the control strip at the bottom in paper white .
You can move and resize the polaroid to your heart ’s content , as long as it fits inside the GIMP window .
You can zoom , pan and look at it , and that ’s all .
voluntary confinement
That last point will be very hard to do , because everybody will be thinking of one little feature they would like to add , for themselves .
But we have to be strict here to avoid mass confusion : every toolbox tool , every menu item , every dialog ( in an inspector ) only operates on the front tab — the orange car in this case — and never on a polaroid .
For example , when I discussed these plans with GIMP ‐usability contributor Ellen Reitmayr , she asked : ‘ so can you then select and copy a bit of image from these [ polaroids ] ? ’
Good question .
After realising that this would mean interacting with the layer stack and selection tools , the answer has to be no .
It is however possible to open multiple polaroids of the same image .
And also of the image in the front tab , where one is working on :
As you can see they can overlap and they will have to have their own stacking order .
Just click on a polaroid to raise it to the top .
The final thing you can do with a polaroid , is to close it …
the decline and fall of tabs
This is how things were more or less when I returned home from LGM .
At that point there were still three things that were bugging me about using tabs in single ‐window mode :
too easy , too fast : the tabs got adopted from web browsers , without much thought ; it would be rather logical to use a thumbnail on the tab itself to identify the image ; sign of the times : the web browser folks themselves are looking at solutions beyond tabbed browsing .
And pretty soon I was looking at the image parade you see these days in many a photo app and viewer , mainly triggered by a visual association with a row of tabs with thumbnails on them :
There are some really interesting possibilities , when we replace tabs with that .
Let ’s try it out :
We see three open images and like you would expect , clicking on an image makes it the active image ( the ‘ front tab ’ ) and dragging any of them up or down enough ‘ tears ’ it off to become a polaroid .
A mouse ‐over tooltip will display more info for each thumbnail , for starters : the filename .
history repeating
Now let us go a step further and not only show open images in the parade but also recent files that have been opened or worked on , the history :
Everything is in strict chronological order : open a file and it moves to the front of the parade .
What I find very intriguing is that the notion of which file is open starts to blur .
Having a file being loaded from disk becomes a side effect of clicking it to make it the current file .
Similarly GIMP can decide to start closing files with no unsaved changes when there are too many of them open and memory gets tight .
My current thinking is that it is not necessary to mark files in the parade as being open .
The concept quasi disappears for users .
The white stars indicate unsaved changes .
One or more graphics files that are dropped on the parade get added — cued up if you want — right after the open files .
Just as useful will be that a folder dropped on the parade cues up all the graphics files in it .
Current work + history + cued up work + polaroids has a lot of potential , I think .
the Midas touch
I realised that it would be an eyesore and an absolute waste of space to introduce a scrollbar for the image parade .
Still , it is going to scroll .
It happens to be that in the last couple of years I have been working for two large companies on the interaction fundamental ’s of iPhone competitors .
So how about using touch UI ?
A flick or a drag along the parade scrolls it ; a push slows down , then stops the scrolling ; a tap on a thumbnail makes it the current file ; a flick or a drag of a thumbnail perpendicular to the parade creates a polaroid : it is perfectly doable , using mouse , trackpad or tablet .
non‐preferential customisation
All we need now , is some more flexibility .
First , I think everybody will have their own idea what the right size for the image parade is .
From pretty small :
to pretty big :
I think any size in between those has its purpose and why could that not depend on what one is doing next ?
Simply grab the dividing line between parade and canvas and adjust to fit your mood .
Next , does it has to be at the top of our window ?
Left , right and bottom should also work :
I foresee every GIMP user having their own sweet spots , when it comes to combinations of size and orientation of the image parade for the type of projects they do .
raising the dead
It will not be necessary to introduce new items in the preferences dialog for anything I have shown you here .
In that light I called during my LGM talk preferences ‘ the graveyard of many a good idea . ’
For configuring the image parade I have already built in a settings pop‑up in all the screens you see above .
The top / left / right / bottom setting will be in there , as will be one for controlling the amount of history .
Something along the lines of : 48 hours ; a week ; a month .
And for those who never look back : a setting for no history at all .
red hot anticipation
To wrap up , for about 50 % of GIMP users the good news is that single ‐window mode is coming , complete with tear‑off toolbox and inspectors ; multi‐column inspectors ; polaroids ; image parade with history and cued up work ; touch UI and quick and easy customisation .
And it is coming faster than you ’d think .
Martin is ready to develop it for version 2.8 and this blog post was hotly anticipated to outline my complete plan .
For a different 50 % of GIMP users the good news is that multi‐window mode is here to stay .
It will benefit from multi‐column inspectors being introduced .
But I actually expect that once single ‐window mode is out there , there will be pressure from the community to have a look if multi‐window mode cannot be done a bit more , well , modern .
Labels : design stage , GIMP , GIMP redux , lecture , practical
If you like to ask Peter one burning question and talk about it for ten minutes , then check out his available officehours .
What is Peter up to ?
See his / now page .
get in touch : email · twitter · g+ · linkedin · xing
From RogueBasin
# # ## # ### ## ## ## ## ### ## ## # ### #### ## ## # # ## ## ## # # ### ## # ### ## ## ## ## # ## ### # # #### ### # ## ## ## ## #### ## ## ###### ## # ## ####### ### ## ## ## ## ## ## ## ## # #### ### # ## ### #### ##### ## ### ## ## ### ## ## ## ## ### ## # ###### ## ## ## ## ## ## ### ### ### ## # #### ## ## ## ###### ### ### ## ## ## ## # # ## ## # ## ### ## ## ####### ## ## ### ## # ## # ## ## ### # ## ##### #### # ## ## ## ### ## ### ## ## ## ## ## #### ### ### ### ## ## ##### ## ## ### # Roguelike Dev FAQ ## # v. 0.0.3
By Damjan Jovanovic and many contributors on Roguebasin
GENERAL
What is Rogue ?
Rogue is a text - based game made in the 1970s that started it all .
You explored a dungeon , gathering items , fighting monsters and getting stronger .
There was initially no point to this all , but eventually they made it so the main quest was to find the Amulet of Yendor .
What separated Rogue from most similar text - based games of its time was how it handled the output .
Most adventure games described the environment ( e.g .
" You are in a small room , with a passage out behind you " ) ;
Rogue " drew " it using text .
For instance , if you were standing in the room described above , this is how it would look ( the " @ " being you ) :
----- |...| |.@.+##### |...| |...| -----
Back at the time , PCs were virtually unheard of , and most computers were just dumb terminals connected to a mainframe , with no graphics .
Drawing with text was a big novelty .
Rogue was incredibly addictive in its time .
It was eventually distributed with UNIX .
What is a roguelike ?
This is a topic that has caused vehement debates in the rec.games.roguelike.development newsgroup .
I will just explain it as simply as possible .
Let 's see about the features of rogue :
Single player
Text based
Randomly generated dungeon levels
Turn based ( i.e. nothing happens until you press a key that does something )
The emphasis is on good gameplay rather than good graphics
Death is permanent .
No loading saved games , no coming back to life .
Once you die , you can only start from the beginning with a new character .
Firstly , you have to realise that games are not as easy to classify into genres as books or films are .
There are a lot of games that do n't belong into any one genre .
Purists may argue that any game that is graphical and real - time ( as opposed to turn - based ) cannot be a roguelike , but not everyone agrees .
There is some overlap between roguelikes and role - playing games , adventure games , and so on .
Briefly then , " roguelike " is more of a feeling you get in a game rather than a set of criteria that have to be followed .
Just to make things more confusing , here are some more things that can be found in modern roguelikes :
" Dungeons and dragons " style of skills
The maker is usually 1 person .
The more popular games have " dev teams " which work on them later
Magic systems usually implemented
Usually set in fantasy middle ages ( exceptions exist ; sci - fi roguelikes do exist , see Theme )
What are the major roguelikes today ?
Website : http://www.adom.de/
ADOM is Thomas Biskup 's one - man effort .
Inspired by the D&D universe , ADOM is a fantasy romp with a quaintly humorous mood .
It has a handmade overworld map called the Drakalor Chain .
It 's player 's job to track down the source of Chaos overtaking the land .
The closer the player gets to the source , the more tainted with Chaos he becomes .
" Mines of Moria " or just " Moria " is around .
It is loosely set in Tolkien 's mines of Moria in " Lord of the Rings " .
It is not being developed any more ; only " maintained " .
Website : http://rephial.org/
" Angband " , is a newer roguelike based on Moria but even more loosely based on " Lord of the Rings " .
There are probably more variants to this one than to any other roguelike .
The variants often used entirely different monsters and goals ; not all of them involve Tolkien 's works .
Website : http://www.nethack.org/
NetHack is the modern roguelike which is by far the most similar to the original Rogue .
NetHack offers a varied and humorous playing experience ; a favourite saying amongst players is that the DevTeam " thinks of everything " .
The focus of the game is relatively narrow - there 's no town or wilderness , just a single dungeon to get down to the bottom of and retrieve the Amulet of Yendor from - however , individual levels are more varied than is typical of many roguelikes .
The game is relatively short ; it 's possible to win in 8 hours of play if you put your mind to it - partly because the dungeon levels are static during the game , so unlike Angband for example , you 're forced to move on to unexplored levels deeper in the dungeon .
Website : http://www.dungeoncrawl.org/
Dungeon Crawl Stone Soup http://crawl-ref.sourceforge.net/
What roguelike websites / newsgroups are there ?
rec.games.roguelike.angband
Discusses Angband and its variants .
rec.games.roguelike.nethack
Discusses NetHack and its variants .
rec.games.roguelike.adom
Discusses ADOM .
rec.games.roguelike.misc
Discusses all roguelikes which do n't have a newsgroup of their own yet .
rec.games.roguelike.development
Discusses all topics which are related to the development of roguelikes .
rec.games.roguelike.announce
A moderated group for announcements about roguelikes .
rec.games.roguelike.moria
Discusses Moria , the parent of Angband .
This newsgroup is almost dead .
rec.games.roguelike.rogue
Discusses Rogue , the original roguelike .
This newsgroup is almost dead .
alt.games.omega Discusses Omega .
This newsgroup is almost dead , but there 's a Yahoo Group for discussing Omega 's development and maintenance .
Useful resources for roguelikes are Dungeon Dweller : http://roguelikedevelopment.org and the RogueBasin : http://roguebasin.roguelikedevelopment.org
What should I know when first posting to r.g.r.d ?
Some places are more newbie - friendly than others .
The developers at rec.games.roguelike.development may sometimes show little patience with questions that have been asked many times before .
Here are two simple things you can do to ensure that you get off to a good start :
Do some research before you ask a question .
If the answer is available via a search engine , why ask here ?
If the research does not turn up a satisfactory answer , then by all means ask , and you will be able to ask a better , more focused question as a result of your earlier work .
Demonstrate that you have some initiative , and you will get a much more helpful response .
As well as searching the web in general , search r.g.r.d .
Do n't ask what the best programming language for a roguelike is , or if a particular language is suitable for roguelike programming .
If you want to know why , search r.g.r.d via Google Groups for " best programming language " and you will find many flamewars sparked by that question and its variants .
The topic has been done to death , and many developers are tired of it .
GENERAL DEVELOPMENT QUESTIONS
How and by whom are roguelikes generally made ?
By a selection of people from all over the world , with too much free time on their hands .
People looking to learn a programming language , people who play games for a while and end up wanting to make it their way , people who want to make a game by themselves and have no artistic talent ( for those using ASCII that is ) .
Usually by people learning computer programming ; originally it was students of computer science or similar courses at college or university .
Of course , anyone who wants to can make them .
Which programming language are roguelikes generally made in ?
Traditionally , C , because of its portability and because other programming languages were n't available at the time .
Nowadays , a variety : Java , C++ , Pascal , scripting languages etc .
The best language for your roguelike is the one you know well .
Do you have to know programming to make your own roguelike ?
Yes .
There is no other way .
Read books .
Read articles and tutorials on the Internet .
Look at lots of source code .
Most of all , get yourself a compiler and / or set up an environment for your language ( most are free ) and practice .
A lot .
From here on onwards , this FAQ will assume the reader of this FAQ is familiar and fairly proficient with computer programming and related concepts .
How do you make a variant to a roguelike ?
Firstly , a variant is a roguelike based on the source code of another roguelike , with some changes .
Making a variant is n't easy for several reasons .
Most roguelike sources that are out there are VERY badly written -- lots of poor programming techniques , hacks ( more than 1600 in Angband ) , lack of comments , difficult to understand variable and function names , and so on .
However , making a variant is much easier than starting from the beginning by yourself .
Firstly , make sure that it is allowed for the particular roguelike you are interested in , and that you are n't breaking any law by making this variant .
You will most likely need to change the name of the game , to comment every source file you change with something like " Changed by ___ on ___ " , and log the changes you make in the history file .
Employing version control ( like Git ) will save you the pain of differentiating between existing bugs and bugs introduced by your changes .
Secondly , play the game A LOT .
Decide what exactly you would like to change .
Make a list of things to change .
Then obtain a copy of the source code , and see which compilers will compile it .
Get one of those .
Compile the game without changing anything .
If it does n't compile , get it to compile before changing anything .
Then go through the source files .
Find the section you want to change .
Make small changes first , then recompile and see what happens .
Then make progressively bigger changes until you have what you wanted .
Variants usually never reach the fame and glory of the original game , but they are a good way to learn about how roguelikes work , and making them is usually easier and faster than starting from the beginning .
DESIGN ISSUES
Do you have to design a roguelike before you program it ?
Typically , roguelikes are written without much design or planning .
Once the programming is complete , you decide what you can do with your program ( e.g. what items / monsters / spells you can support ) and go ahead and make those .
Some people believe this is still the way to do things .
Others believe differently .
If you ever do a course in computer programming at school , college or university , the first thing they teach you is how to make an algorithm , how to plan your program , and how to design before you start programming .
For some kinds of commercial games , the designers make a 300 page design brief before the artists or the programmers even start work !
Games that rely intensively on story usually have a complete play script written before the design brief .
Of course , most roguelikes are free , and nowhere near this amount of work is invested in them , so this amount of design is ridiculous .
But note that most roguelikes in development have a design document on their web pages .
I believe that planning is essential to any program , particularly a big one like a roguelike .
Before you start programming ( at least , programming anything big or particular ) , make a list of things you want in the game .
What kinds of items do you want ?
Spells ?
Monsters ?
How will your game world look ?
You do n't have to plan the particulars like the colour of your orcs or the exact number of your spells ; just look at general categories ( e.g. " some of my monsters will use spells on the player " , " there will be plants growing in the wilderness that you can eat " and so on ) , and then decide how you are going to implement those things .
Often when you start to make a roguelike game , you wo n't even know what the design issues are .
You can spend a lot of sweat trying to figure out in advance how you 're going to use each data structure and selecting data structures that efficiently support that use , but then , once you 're actually in the middle of it , you 'll find things you have n't allowed for , and which you cannot accommodate within your current design .
So yes , do spend time planning your program .
But be aware that actually coding it and playing it is your only real way of becoming intimately familiar with the design space and the problems your design needs to solve .
Once you have this familiarity , you can do a much better job of planning .
Why do many roguelikes later undergo a major rewrite ?
Poor design .
If you planned enough from the beginning , you would cater for everything , or at least most of the things , that you want to implement .
Then you might only need a small rewrite .
Change of maintainer .
Most popular roguelikes go through long chains of maintainers and dev teams .
As soon as one guy gets the source code , the first thing he does is rewrite it so that it fits his ideas .
Poor programming techniques .
I would say most of the rewrites are there to fix bugs .
Some programming languages are better structured and better suited for use for long programs like roguelikes .
It has been shown that when your code exceeds 100000 lines , the cost of maintaining it and debugging it exceeds the cost of programming new things .
Object Oriented programming , functions and splitting up into files help to reduce this problem .
The developer has gained knowledge about designing roguelikes from the initial effort and has undertaken a rewrite in order to put it to use .
When the developer decides to extend the game in an unanticipated way it often requires fundamental redesign .
For example , an extension like having spells take effect after some delay may require a complete redesign and rewrite of the scheduling system .
What needs to be planned in advance ?
The story , theme and setting .
These determine practically everything .
The world .
How it will look .
How big it will be .
The terrain ( e.g. town , wilderness , dungeons , special places ... )
The Scheduling system ( eg , how turns and speed work , whether and how actions can be interrupted by other actions , etc ) .
The items .
Major categories ( e.g. weapons , armour , potions , scrolls , food ... ) .
Leave detail ( e.g. how much the minor healing potion heals you by ) for later .
Think about how the items will be used and by whom .
Plan the basic rules ( e.g. you can only wield 2 weapons if you are a fighter , you need space for arrows if you equip a bow , how many rings can someone wear , etc ) .
The magic system .
Spell types .
Who uses spells and when .
How you learn spells .
What they cost .
Which classes can use them .
How to implement permanent spells ( e.g. enchantments that last , like recharging a staff ) .
Shopping .
If your game will have shops , how will they work ?
Will the Player be able to rob them ?
If so how does that work ?
Interaction with other creatures ( maybe negotiating your way out of battles ? ) .
Saving and restoring games Level loading system .
Win Conditions
How to finish the game and what happens when you do .
What do people like about roguelikes ?
Replayability -
If the game is random enough , it is always fun to play and replay , because every time it is like a different game .
Freedom -
There is a lot of it .
You can kill just about anything .
There are a lot of actions you can take .
Many strategies .
Complexity -
There are a lot of items , skills , classes , areas , spells .
Difficulty -
While this can be off - putting , it gives you a tremendous sense of achievement to finish a roguelike or even to get far .
You always have to be careful , because it is easy to die .
How do you make people like your roguelike ?
Make it easy to get into and play ; no reading through 50 page files to learn how to play .
Keep the controls simple .
The gameplay must be good .
This generally distinguishes roguelikes from other games - the emphasis is on the gameplay .
Once your character dies , that 's it - no coming back to life ( or maybe you are reincarnated back without items and with reduced skills ) .
This makes the game exciting when you are in danger .
Keep it balanced .
If it gets too difficult , people are discouraged .
If it is too easy , there is n't much fun in it .
Make a big world , with plenty of different items and monsters so it is interesting to explore .
Make an interesting story .
And , most of all , do n't make it like some or other roguelike that already exists .
Use fresh , new ideas .
Make it original and different .
How do you finish making your roguelike ?
Basically , have a plan .
Decide in which order to program it , and stick to the plan as much as possible .
Keep it fun for yourself .
If you get bored , work on another aspect .
If you are bored on programming , work on the story , or on the graphics ( if you use them ) .
Take a break .
It should be fun .
If it is n't , ask yourself why , and do something about it .
If you are stuck , get other people to help you .
OUTPUT AND REPRESENTATION
Do roguelikes have to be done in ASCII text ?
It depends on preference .
Utumno is an Angband variant ( according to the Angband variants FAQ , and I doubt the writers of it do n't know what a roguelike is ) , and when people want to argue that things with graphics can't be roguelike , I always quote it as an example of a roguelike with graphics .
Now compare Utumno and Diablo or Diablo 2 .
You will notice they are not that different ( graphically ) .
If roguelikes do n't need to be in ASCII , why are most of them ?
Text is very portable .
It 's ridiculous traditional .
Most people programming roguelikes come from a tradition of playing other roguelikes , and they are done the same way .
traditional .
Most people programming roguelikes come from a tradition of playing other roguelikes , and they are done the same way .
It 's fast .
A museum style computer can probably show text at the same speed as the latest one .
It 's quick and easy to make .
You do n't have to have lots of artist friends to draw for you .
You do n't have to spend hours modeling .
Letters are very readable , even when they are small - they were designed for just that .
They are more readable than ( most ) graphical tiles , especially isometric ones .
Real 3D models successfully compete with letters , but only if the dungeon view can be freely rotated , tilted and zoomed .
How do you add graphics ?
There are several different graphical systems you might consider .
The simplest and most often used method is with square tiles .
Basically , instead of filling rows and columns of the screen with text , they are filled with small bitmap pictures .
No animation is used , i.e. when you hit a monster , you do n't see a swinging sword .
You can make an animation system , but it will get difficult .
To properly animate a character , you need pictures of every single action from at least 4 different position ( facing front , back , right and left ) and the sizes of your picture / animation files get big very quickly .
To produce smooth animations , you need even more pictures ...
It is obvious why Angband and NetHack use only front facing pictures with no animation .
The other method uses isometric tiles .
These are like square tiles rotated 45 degrees , like they are seen from above and to the side .
Just look at Utumno or Diablo to see what I mean .
They are harder to program and to make , but they look better .
Here you run into an even bigger problem if you want to implement animation - you really need 8 different direction ( up , up - right , right , down - right , down , down - left , left and up - left ) to face in , and you need every frame of every action in each of those directions .
Nevertheless , Utumno , Falcon 's eye and Diablo all use this .
Then there is 3D graphics ...
How do you make a 3D roguelike ?
There is only one game so far that uses this : Egoboo ( http://egoboo.sourceforge.net ) .
Even Diablo and Diablo 2 , although they look 3D , are really only 2D .
All the monsters and characters for Diablo 2 were modeled in a 3D package , and snapshots were taken in different positions and at different times to create the animations .
So good luck making one of the world 's only 3D roguelikes .
But here are some ideas .
A good cross-platform 3D library is OpenGL .
You generally program it in C or C ++.
It is easy to learn , but requires hardware 3D acceleration for good performance .
Good free modeling / animation software is difficult to come by .
Try Blender and Anim8or .
In a way , designing monsters / characters in 3D is easier than in 2D , because you do n't need to draw actions from all directions ; only from one , then you can rotate them by any angle you like .
Also , you do n't need to draw every frame of an animation , just the key frames , and your software calculates the rest .
However , the mathematics of 3D is difficult , and includes linear algebra , vectors , matrices , quarternions , geometry and trigonometry .
Which libraries let you position the cursor and change text colours ?
Most programming languages come with a library of their own .
In C and C++ , you can use conio.h .
This is DOS specific , however , and not portable to other systems .
The curses libraries are a better choice .
Ncurses is the standard on Linux , Mac OS X and most UNIX / UNIX - like systems .
On Windows PDCurses works better than ncurses .
The article Output libraries discusses this in more detail .
One solution for Java is a Java Curses Implementation .
STORY AND SETTING
Which stories are possible for a roguelike ?
Moria and Angband are ( loosely ) based on J.R.R.
Tolkien 's " Lord of the rings " , but they implement very little story .
NetHack has hardly any story at all , mostly just " Your god has sent you on a quest to fetch the Amulet of Yendor " , with a little elaboration in the Guidebook .
In general , role playing games are the ones where story is important .
For a roguelike , it is nice to have a story , and a good one will keep your player interested and provide more to the game , but it is n't the game 's biggest component .
Some unexplored ideas that would be good for a roguelike might be :
You are trapped in an out - of - control computer , and it 's making deadly monsters .
The goal is to stay alive and find a way out .
You are in a post - apocalyptic future ( no / limited guns ) .
There is a war between humans and robots .
You are on the losing side ...
What themes and settings are possible for a roguelike ?
Ones that involve killing a great number of enemies .
Most roguelikes are set in the middle ages .
There are ones in a science fiction setting in the future , but they are n't very popular .
Relatively unexplored themes are :
The Wild West
The Far East
The distant past ( stone ages )
Alternative histories ( e.g. Atlantis )
The modern era
Science fiction settings
What is / how do I make a good atmosphere ?
Atmosphere , ( noun ) : the psychological environment , the feeling and tone created by something .
The atmosphere in roguelikes varies .
In Angband it is often dark and desperate , because you 're kilometers under the earth with a failing source of light , near death and with no way to escape your foes .
In NetHack , it is quite challenging but somewhat humorous .
In Diablo , it can be very dark and ominous - your cause is basically hopeless .
Another way to create atmosphere is music , although it can be difficult to port .
Example roguelikes that use music are DoomRL and DrashRL .
If the roguelike has a graphical output , the images can be used to create atmosphere .
The story also goes a long way towards creating an atmosphere .
Often a change in game mechanics can change the atmosphere substantially .
If the character heals swiftly during play , and the game feels like a silly romp no matter what else you 've tried , cutting the rate of healing to a tenth or less of what it has been can suddenly make the mood deadly serious and addictively engaging .
What are quests and how are they different from other forms of plot ?
A quest is a set of actions you have to do in order for something to happen .
For instance , once you 've completed the quest " kill Morgoth " , you 've finished Angband .
Quests have some sort of reward , or story element with them .
Most roguelike games are based on one primary quest which must be completed to win .
Although the value of secondary quests is debated , many have additional quests during the game , which players undertake for score , equipment , or sheer style .
What are the standard types of quests ?
Assassination quests : " Kill X " " Capture X alive "
Searching quests : " Find X " " Get to X " " Gather X of gold "
Competition quests :
Do any of the above quests , but before your adversary ( e.g. get to a town before your adversary )
Story quests : " Talk to X "
Any of the above , but they do something special ( e.g. there is a story associated with finding a special item )
How do I make good quests ?
Make them relevant and provide a good reason to do them .
Integrate them with the story .
Give good rewards .
Avoid repetition .
Example : Avoid quests like " kill 5 orcs " , because they have no reason or emotional connection .
It would be better to say the orcs have been killing members of the player 's village and the remaining people are pleading for help .
Then the player is given a logical reason to kill the orcs and will be more likely to want to complete the quest .
To add to replayability , elements of the quests could be randomised .
How are dungeons represented ?
This is a question worthy of a long article or maybe even a small book .
Nevertheless , you can get the basics from this FAQ .
This FAQ only discusses traditional systems , i.e. simple 2D tile - based dungeons .
If you 're making something different ( e.g. a 3D roguelike ) you can still use this , though .
Firstly , dungeons are made of rows and columns of tiles .
If you plan to have variable sized dungeons , use dynamic arrays instead of the usual static kind .
The tiles store :
The type of tile ( e.g. wall , grass , floor , river )
The properties of the tile ( Can you walk through it ?
Is it illuminated ?
Has it been explored by the player ? )
A list of items on the tile
The monster on the tile
Any other data ( e.g. a trap , a hole in the floor , stairs )
You should keep your tiles as small as possible .
Angband has around 16 bytes per tile .
Do n't go much further than that ; you 'll see why in a moment .
How does this work ?
The type of tile is a small variable ( typically a single byte ) that determines what the tile is .
The type determines what is drawn - if you are on a river , you draw a blue letter or graphic .
A fast way to do this is to store an array of the letter / colours / graphics of all the types , and just substitute the type into this array to determine what to draw .
The properties should be set per -bit ; use bit fields or bit flags .
How are properties used ?
Initially set the " explored " flag of all tiles to false , then when the tile is explored , set it to true .
Only explored tiles are drawn .
If the tile can be walked through ( i.e. it is not a wall or something ) , set the " passable " flag to true .
When the player tries to walk somewhere , check the tile in that direction .
If it is not " passable " , do n't allow the player to move there .
This allows you to make illusionary walls if you want - i.e. walls which are n't really there and you can walk through them .
For the list of items , use a linked list .
This allows many items to exist on the same tile .
Store a pointer to the beginning of the list .
For the monsters , it depends .
If you have more than one monster per tile , you also need a linked list .
Otherwise , just keep a pointer to the monster , or some way to quickly find the monster occupying the tile .
This is vital in combat .
There 's no reason , in fact , why you can't use the same linked list to store items and monsters in .
It will help you keep your tiles small , and many things that can happen in the dungeon affect both monsters and items anyway so it can be handy to find them on the same list .
What other data is needed ?
I would use another byte to determine any special dungeon features the tile carries , such as traps , stairs , glyphs , chests and so on .
Store all of these in an array , and substitute this value into the array to find what , if anything , is at the tile .
Alternatively you could just store these things in the tile 's linked list too .
If your system uses 11 bytes , then to make a dungeon that is 100 by 100 tiles , you would need 100 * 100 * 11 ~= 100 K of memory .
This increase is quadratic as width and height increase , so be careful that you do n't run out of memory .
If you need to squeeze your tile size further , and you 're using a programming language that supports them , consider using bit fields .
They let you use less than 1 byte of memory for a variable .
How are dungeons generated ?
In most games , levels or stages are designed and hard coded in advance .
In a roguelike , you want as much randomness and variety as possible ( you may also want to make walkthroughs impossible to create ) , so you need to generate the dungeon randomly during gameplay .
There are many algorithms that will generate a dungeon .
What they do is to fill a dungeon with rooms passages , stairs , traps , doors , items , and monsters , often in that order .
Which comes first can be an interesting decision .
If you know where the stairs from the level above came down , or where the stairs to the level below came up from , then you may want to start with the stairs and build the map around them .
If you generate rooms suited to the monsters that inhabit them , then you may want to start with generating monsters so you know what kind of lairs you need to place on the map .
If you regard the dungeon as a preexisting place built by someone else , that the monsters moved into later , you may want to generate the map first and place monsters and treasure in them randomly .
This all sounds very simple , but if you 've tried to program it you will know it is not .
The first thing you have to decide if you are going to recreate each level every time you visit it , or if you are going to store a level once it is generated and use it afterwards until the end of the game .
The latter system is more realistic , but the former ensures you never run out of variety .
Angband uses the former system .
NetHack uses the latter .
The latter system will be described in question 6.7 .
How do you fill a dungeon with rooms and passages ?
There are all kinds of algorithms to do it .
You can just start with solid rock , then randomly " dig out " rectangles until you think there are enough .
Of course , the results will be disappointing .
You not only need to generate the dungeon , but you also need to make it look good .
The algorithm I just described will make one huge hole in the middle of the map with rough edges , and some rooms which can not be reached .
Also , there is no limit to the size of the room , and no overlapping with other rooms is checked .
The improved " digging rectangle " algorithm would then look like this :
Fill the dungeon with impassable walls .
Pick a random number for the number of rooms .
Select a random location in the dungeon ( x , y ) .
Randomly select the room length ( RoomLength ) .
Randomly select the room height ( RoomHeight ) .
If the area of this room ( calculated by RoomLength * RoomHeight ) is greater than the maximum area for a room , go back to step 4 .
If the room cannot fit in the dungeon , or overlaps with other rooms , go back to step 3 .
Fill the rectangle given by ( x , y ) and ( x + RoomLength , y + RoomHeight ) with empty space .
Go back to step 3 until all the rooms are created .
Randomly select walls in 2 randomly selected rooms or passages .
A pathfinding algorithm traces a path ( passage ) from one wall to the other .
If no path exists , go back to step 10 .
Repeat from step 10 until every room is reachable .
This still has several errors .
For instance , you might come into a situation where no further rooms can be added to your dungeon , and your dungeon generation procedure would go into an infinite loop .
But the biggest problem is the speed - it can be very slow .
While the dungeons it makes look good , they are n't very realistic - it is n't how anybody digs a dungeon .
The pathfinding algorithm used to trace passages is slow and difficult to program .
The biggest imperfection is that you do n't know whether a room is reachable .
There are ways ( discussed later ) to tell whether a room is reachable from elsewhere in the dungeon , but some algorithms always make rooms that are linked to the rest of the dungeon anyway , and this simplifies the whole thing .
How do they do it ?
Before a room is created , an already - existing room is randomly selected .
A passage is drawn from that room to the new room , and then the new room is added at the end of that passage .
Mike Anderson 's " Dungeon building algorithm " at the Roguelike News sites describes it quite well , the following is just a summary .
Fill the dungeon with solid walls .
Make a room in the dungeon .
Randomly select a room ( or passage ) wall in the dungeon .
Decide on whether to build a passage or a room .
Check there is enough space to make the passage or room .
If rooms are in the way , reduce the passage / room length so that it joins the room (s ) .
If the passage / room runs out the dungeon , go back to step 3 .
Draw the passage / room ( by filling it with empty space ) .
Go back to step 3 until enough rooms / passages are drawn .
Passages that zigzag or twist can simply be handled by selecting a wall at end of the passage when you reach the end of step 6 , and going to step 5 and building a passage from that wall .
Good looking dungeons can also be made with a fractal algorithm .
The fractal algorithm will produce any kind of pattern - for landscapes , forests , rivers , islands , coastlines or whatever else you plan to use .
I do n't recommend using fractals for dungeon generation , as they can make rooms that are unreachable from somewhere in the dungeon .
But have a look at question 7.5 if you are interested .
How do you make dungeons with a theme ?
How do you make sure all your rooms and passages are reachable ?
Some algorithms always generate rooms and passages that are reachable from every other room and passage .
If yours does not , you need a way to check this specifically .
This is one .
The flood - fill algorithm is probably the best way to do it .
It involves recursively calling a procedure that fills all empty tiles until it encounters a boundary ( like a wall ) .
When the flood - fill is complete , just check all the rooms for having a tile which is filled .
Those that do not are unreachable from the tile where you started the flood - fill ( as well as from the rooms which are filled ) .
An example ( C ) is :
void Flood
Fill ( int x , int y ) { if ( ( Dungeon [ x ] [y ] .
Content == FLOOR ) && ( Dungeon [ x ] [y ] .
Flags != 1 ) ) Dungeon [ x ] [y ] .
Flags = 1 ; else return ; Flood Fill ( x+1 , y ) ; Flood Fill ( x - 1 , y ) ; Flood Fill( x , y+1 ) ; Flood Fill( x , y - 1 ) ; }
bool AreAllRoomsFilled ( void ) { for ( int Count1 = 0 ; Count1 < DungeonWidth ; Count1++ ) for ( int Count2 = 0 ; Count2 < DungeonHeight ; Count2++ ) if ( ( Dungeon [ Count1 ] [ Count2 ] .
Content == FLOOR ) && ( Dungeon [ Count1 ] [ Count2 ] .
Flags != 1 ) ) return false ; return true ; }
In some cases you might * want * a secret room or passage which is cut off from the rest of the dungeon , and to which you can only get through a special spell or complicated digging .
If so , make provisions for it .
How do you make a town ?
The simplest way to make a town is to create an empty dungeon level and fill it with buildings .
A building can just be a rectangle of undiggable wall - so that the player can't accidentally mess up your town level - along with a shop doorway on one side of the rectangle .
To keep the level looking the same if you do n't use persistent levels , save a random seed of the town , and use this seed to regenerate the town level every time you return to it .
Depending on how you want to interact with the stores , stepping on a shop doorway should either allow the player to enter the shop , or bring up a menu allowing the player to interact with the shop .
Having the shop contents inside the building makes for a more ' realistic ' interface , but it forces the player to sift through the shop contents to find what they want , as well as possible for them to steal items from the shop by picking something up and leaving with it .
Having a shop menu allows the player to buy and sell items more quickly , which is important for games which feature more shopping , such as Angband .
How do you make wilderness ?
There are a wide variety of different wilderness generation algorithms .
However , the simplest is to create wilderness levels is to have a variety of different terrain types , such as trees , water and sand , and use these in combination to create a wilderness level .
Pick one terrain type that the player can move through and fill a dungeon level completely with this terrain type .
Then pick an impassable terrain type , and draw this around the edge of the dungeon level .
You may want this terrain type to have rough edges .
In this case , pick a y for the top left hand corner .
Fill the first column from the edge to the y with the impassable terrain .
Then move east in one grid increments and randomly increase or decrease y by one at each step , filling in the columns as you do .
Limit y between 1 and some maximum value that ensures that your map is not completely filled with impassable terrain .
As you reach the top right hand corner , you 'll do the same , but working the rows going south , then columns going west from the bottom right corner , then rows going north from the bottom left corner .
Pick two to three more terrain types , and drunken walk these around the map , to create natural looking terrain .
It is not important at this stage that you worry about connectivity .
Finally , to ensure connectivity , place the dungeon entrance , the player 's starting point and other interesting areas on the map , and connect these using the tunnelling algorithm you used for building the dungeon .
You 'll need to change terrain differently than you would for the tunnelling algorithm through the dungeon : for instance , tunnelling through ice might result in snow .
This can still result in disconnected areas on the map , but all the interesting points should be connected .
Getting into these disconnected areas should just serve as a reminder that the player should n't risk getting lost in the wilderness .
If you want multiple wilderness areas , allow the player to travel from one of these wilderness areas to another .
This could be done by having a travel command which presents a choice of adjacent wilderness locations to travel to , when you are near the edge of the map , or by having stairs which connect to different adjacent wilderness locations depending on which edge of the map they are on .
How do you make persistent dungeons / worlds ?
A persistent dungeon , as mentioned earlier , is a dungeon that does n't change .
In Angband , every time you visit level 1 it will look completely different .
In NetHack , the levels are stored , so level 1 always looks the same .
Obviously you have to save the levels to disk to ensure they do n't change .
But is it realistic for levels never to change at all ?
Sure , the walls should keep the same shape and the dungeon features should be in the same place , but should an item be where you left it months ago ?
Should all monsters " freeze up " and stay in exactly the same place , ready to do exactly what they were doing when you last visited that level ?
Should spells that affect the dungeon , e.g. " destroy trap " , still be in effect when you re-enter a level ?
You need to think carefully about what should be stored , and what should not .
To save a dungeon , all you do is create a file and then write to it , in order , everything that needs to be written to file .
To load it , just read everything back from the file in the same order that it was written .
Of course , it is n't as straightforward as that .
When you do n't know how many structures ( e.g. items , monsters ) will be written to the file , you should count them , then write the count before you write those structures .
That way , when you read from the file , you just read the count , and so you know exactly how many structures you need to read from the file .
Pointers are another problem .
When you read a structure containing pointers from file , you have to reassign new memory addresses to those pointers .
In most computers , a program can be loaded into memory starting at any address , and so the memory addresses contained by your pointers will be wrong if your program is loaded at some other address .
In fact , try to avoid writing any pointers to file - they waste disk space , and do nothing useful .
Instead , write a data structure to file field by field instead of just writing it as a whole .
You can use serialization to store it in a file .
Look at http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Serialization for more information .
How do you store a really BIG world ?
You might be encouraged to make a big world and make it " persistent " ( i.e. the levels do n't change every time you visit them ) , but this takes up a lot of disk space .
For instance , if each tile in your game is 20 bytes , and your dungeon is 256 by 256 tiles , and you have 100 dungeons , they will take up about 131 megabytes of disk space , items and monsters and other things excluded .
So how do you reduce the disk space taken up ?
Well , you can either compress your level files , or you can change the way levels are stored and generated .
The simplest way to apply compression to your world involves dividing the world into " active " and " dormant " parts .
The conventional approach is to let the " active " part be the dungeon level that the player is currently on , and consider all other dungeon levels " dormant " ( meaning e.g. that no monsters actually move on those levels , though movement might be simulated when the player reenters them later ) .
The easiest way to do the actual technical compression of a string of bytes ( representing , e.g. , a dungeon level ) into another , hopefully shorter , string of bytes is to use an external library .
zlib is by far the most common choice , being very portable , and open source with a liberal license that allows use even in commercial closed - source projects .
zlib is well established and rather efficient in terms of speed and compression ratio , and you 're very unlikely to beat it with a self - implemented general - purpose compression algorithm .
If you do not wish to depend on an external library , there 's a bit more work to do , but it is possible to implement a simple compression algorithm " by hand " .
There are many compression methods , but I will discuss one that reduces your file size considerably while at the same time not taking too long to do .
It 's called RLE ( Run Length Encoding ) , and it is used in many file types .
What it basically is , is replacing a repeating sequence of data , with a count and one sample of that data .
For instance , the string " AAAAA " would be stored as " 5A " .
So to RLE compress a structure , count the number of repetitions and store it with whatever is repeated .
Repeat until you 've stored the entire structure .
To decompress an RLE compressed file , simply read in the count , and set that many data structures to whatever comes after the count .
Repeat until you 've loaded the entire structure .
This method works best on :
Large quantities Similar data
In other words , small quantities of data with lots of variety will not work well , and may even get bigger with RLE compression ( " ABC " would be stored as " 1A1B1C " , which is double the size ! ) .
Since most things in your roguelike should be stored as structures or classes , it might seem like you should compress / store structures as a whole .
But there are usually a lot more differences between structures as a whole than there are between the fields those structures contain .
In this case , it is better to RLE compress and store the fields separately .
On the other hand , in some cases it is better to compress whole structures .
You have to try it out and see what works better .
If there is a lot of similar data , with very few exceptions , leave out those exceptions and store them later with the location they should be at .
For instance , if the string was "-*------- " , you could just store " 9- 2 * " , which means the string contains 9 minus signs , and the sign at the second position is a star .
If you decide to use this , find some way to separate the exceptions from the rest of the data .
In this case I used a space .
You could just assume that the exceptions will be read in when the string has been filled completely .
Remember to count the exceptions and write the count to the file before them so that you know how many to expect .
One last tip .
You can use a bit - packed array , with 1's where there are unusual values , followed by those values , in order .
If you want , you can compress those values or even the bit - packed array , but remember to decompress them somewhere before you try to decipher them .
The best data type to store the count is a 1 byte variable , but that can only store a maximum value of 255 .
You can handle that case by just starting a new count at zero .
While this method works well , there is an even better way to store levels , which takes up far less space .
Firstly , how do you generate a level ?
You randomly select a number of things , like room and passage location and size , directions your passages run in , locations of your items and features and so on .
But the numbers you should use are not actually random .
Your game should include a random number generator with a state .
If you save the state , then when you load that state back into the random number generator , it will produce the same sequence of " random " numbers all over again .
So if you use a sequence of random numbers to generate your level , then all you need to save is the state of the random number generator .
When you need to reload the level , you just reload the same state into the generator and make the level the same way you made it the first time .
Now this really helps you reduce the size of your save file .
The state of your random number generator can be stored in only a few bytes .
If you decide to use this method , remember not to use random numbers seed for your monsters and items ( i.e. reset the random number generator after the dungeon layout is generated ) , because you do n't want to have the exact same monsters in exact same places every time you walk into the level , and also to have the exactly same items in the exact same places .
Why would you NOT want to use this method ?
Well , while every random number seed has a unique sequence of numbers associated with it , the reverse is not true .
This method therefore assumes that the dungeon layout has n't changed , i.e. that you have n't dug holes in the walls , that you have n't destroyed any doors or changed any features .
If you have , the changes will be lost .
You can , of course , save the changes to file with the random number seed , even compress the changes , but if a lot of changes are made , the file size can exceed that of a normally stored file .
There is a way to fix that too , of course .
You can decide only to store a certain number of changes , and whatever changes occur after those , undo the changes that occur furthest back in time .
For instance , if you store 10 changes , when you make the 11th change , the first change is undone ( lost ) .
One problem is that this can be exploited .
For instance , if you dig though 10 walls , and you dig 1 wall further , the first wall will reappear and trap you .
You can probably use this to trap monsters or do other things .
This can be fixed by storing a lot of changes ( like 100 or more ) so the player will probably never encounter this situation .
Even if you store 1000 changes , and each requires 20 bytes , you will use up about 20 kilobytes at most , which is still far smaller than 1.3 megabytes that you would have without any compression .
How Should I Make Random Numbers ?
As mentioned above , the random number generator your program uses will have a state , and when a state gets reloaded into the generator , it will produce the same sequence of numbers again .
Such numbers , which are all predetermined as soon as the state is loaded into the generator , are not really random .
They are called " Pseudorandom " numbers , and the routine you get them from is called a Pseudorandom Number Generator .
In C , if you include stdlib.h in your program , you get the srand ( ) procedure , which takes as its state or " seed " a number between 0 and RAND_MAX , and the rand ( ) procedure which returns a random number in the same range .
Do not use it .
You should definitely use a random number generator that 's better defined and known than srand ( ) and rand ( ) .
Because the C standard does not define exactly how these functions work , there are variations from one system to the next and even from one compiler version to the next .
The value of RAND_MAX can be different , and the pseudorandom sequences generated will definitely be different .
When this happens your players will load a savefile on a new build or on a different machine , and find the " persistent " levels unrecognizable .
There are also well - known buggy implementations of rand and srand where the number sequence repeats on short periods , and the number sequence within particular bitfields of the result repeat in even shorter periods .
All told , there are many good reasons to make the random number generator part of your program instead of relying on a system library .
Fortunately , there are also a lot of good third - party libraries that you can use which have consistent behavior on all platforms and operating systems they support .
The Mersenne Twister is popular and fast .
If you want to code your own , I recommend a lagged - fibonacci generator as described in Knuth volume 2 .
It 's easy to code and runs fast .
In Java , creating random is much easier as they 're are several implementations for this in the Java Standard - Library API .
For simple random numbers the java.lang .
Math class has the static random ( ) method which returns a random double value between 0 and 1 .
It can be used to generate some simple random numbers by multiplying the returned value with the upper - bound .
For " seed - based " and complex random numbers ( as described above ) , there is the java.util .
Random class which can be used to get accurate random numbers to some degree .
It can be instantiated with a seed , for reproducible effects .
If instantiated with no seed , it will use a random seed .
You can also instantiate it to use the system - time ( System.currentTimeMillis( ) ) as the seed but I would advise against this , as the default constructor of the Random class ensures the seed to be completely different from any other invocation of the constructor ( See the source - code of the java.util .
Random class 's constructor ) .
The random number generator of the Random class is very good ( and fast ) so you do n't need to opt for native or third - partly alternatives like Mersenne - Twister .
A value between 0 and a constant can be easily retrieved using : Math.round( nextDouble ( ) * upperBound ) .
For a value between a lower - bound and an upper - bound use : nextDouble ( ) * ( high - low + 1 ) ) + low .
As of Java - 7u60 , Instances of java.util .
Random are threadsafe .
" However , the concurrent use of the same java.util .
Random instance across threads may encounter contention and consequent poor performance .
Consider instead using ThreadLocalRandom in multithreaded designs " . ( - from Jdk7u60 Javadoc )
How do you deal with stuff happening far from the player ?
Monsters
Monsters on the same level as the player should be " processed " ( i.e. decide whether to move , attack , pick up items or whatever ) each turn .
You simply keep a list of all the monsters on the level , and every turn you go through the list and decide what should be done for each monster .
Monsters on different levels usually do nothing .
When the level is loaded , you can decide to process the monsters say 50 times ( without them being able to sense the player , or they will kill him ! ) just to make it realistic .
This way , monsters will not end up in the same place and involved in the same actions they were in when the player last visited that level .
You could also keep the levels above and below the level the player is on ( as well as any other levels that can be reached through say teleport traps ) in memory , and process the monsters on those levels .
This makes it more realistic : the longer the player is not on a level , the greater the amount of changes made to that level and the more the monsters change / disperse .
The exact monster processing will be discussed later .
What is LoS , and why and how do you do it ?
LoS ( Line of Sight ) algorithms are ways to determine whether a particular place is visible to the player / monster .
These are related to FoV ( Field of Vision ) algorithms , which are used to determine every place which is visible to a player / monster .
The former may be a subroutine of the latter .
The most common use of these algorithms is to determine what the player or monsters can currently see .
The second most common use of these algorithms is to determine what is lit given a light source at a particular location .
In most roguelikes , the dungeon starts in complete darkness .
When you walk around , you reveal some of it .
But you only see monsters or terrain that are lit and within your FoV .
Another common use is in ranged combat .
Can the player shoot at the monster ?
Are there any obstacles in the middle that the player might hit ?
Does the monster have any cover from nearby walls ?
Usually , attackers can only shoot enemies which they have a LoS to .
Obstacles and cover are between the attacker and defender .
If you want to print a message along the lines of ' You miss the Orc and hit the Goblin by mistake ' , then you need to make sure that the player has a LoS to the goblin as well .
The final purpose that LoS and FoV algorithms are frequently used for is to determine who is affected by an area effect ability .
An explosion may harm all nearby creatures , but you want the possibility of an enemy being sheltered from the blast by an intervening wall .
Similarly , a gaze of petrification may affect many enemies at once , but should certainly not pass through walls .
The methods for determining LoS and FoV range from simple to extremely subtle .
Simple techniques involve simply allowing sight of everything nearby or everything in the current room .
Ray casting algorithms are a bit more complex .
They use a simple LoS algorithm , such as Breshenham 's Line Algorithm , and then use it to calculate FoV by checking LoS on nearby squares .
The more subtle algorithms include Shadow casting , which simulates a light from a point source and Permissive Field of View , which simulates a light from a volume source to determine FoV .
These more complicated methods are difficult to correctly implement .
But both have freely available libraries which can be incorporated into your roguelike .
A detailed evaluation of popular LOS algorithms ( along with a new , better algorithm ) can be found at Adam Milazzo 's page here : http://www.adammil.net/blog/v125_roguelike_vision_algorithms.html .
How do you store the list of all the items in the game ?
You should know what kinds of items you are going to have in the game .
You should also have your magic system well planned , and any other systems involving items ( battles , shopping , stealing ) also well planned .
Decide on the exact categories of items , and the similarities and differences between them .
Decide what each item category needs to contain .
For instance , while most items should be able to carry enchantments , foods and potions should not ( unless , of course , a potion works the same way as a spell does ) .
Your weapons and armor should store info relevant to the battle system ( like attack power , damage type , defensive rating and so on ) , but scrolls should not .
I think a good way to represent all the different item categories is to use object oriented programming , because that allows inheritance , polymorphism and so on , which is very useful .
Now one way to store the item list is to just keep a huge list of all the items in the game , in some kind of array , and to represent an item , you just store a number , which is the position of that item in this array .
While this system works well for some kinds of items where there is no difference between two items of the same kind , the problem arises when you want to store something individual about an item .
For instance , you might want items to carry an enchantment that makes them do extra damage , or that heals you faster .
You might want a damage system , where as you use your items , they take damage , and when that damage reaches zero , they fall apart and become unusable .
You might want to allow the player to name objects as in Nethack or attach macros to them , as in Angband .
In such cases , the items have to carry individual enchantments damage ratings , and other information .
So you can't just store such items in the array .
You would have to store all the settings for each item with the item .
The best way to do it , then , is to split up your items into 2 categories .
In the first category are items which carry no individual properties .
These are simply represented by a number which is substituted into the item array to find out about them .
In the second category are items which have some individual properties .
They are represented by both a number which get substituted into the item array , and by the individual settings they carry .
Since you will most likely end up with different sizes for different item types , you can't use 1 massive array for all the items .
You will most likely have to use an array for each item category .
You store these arrays in a file , and read them in from the file when the game is started .
How do you store the items in the player 's inventory ?
The previous question discusses how to generally store the items .
One more thing to remember is that if the player / monster is carrying more than one item that is the same ( e.g. 5 arrows ) , you should allow the items to stack .
So you need one more structure per item , and that is the number ( for the arrows , it would be 5 ) .
If you want to check total inventory weight , remember to multiply each item's weight by its number to get the correct weight , otherwise you will just get the weight of 1 item .
But now how do you store all those items in the player 's inventory ?
You can use :
A static array A dynamic array A linked list
A static array is simply array with a fixed number of elements .
It is easy to read and write to a file , because it is one continuous structure and you always know how long it is .
You only need to still store the number of items in the array so that you know where the stop reading the items back from file .
It is also very easy to sort .
The disadvantage is that memory is always wasted .
If the array has 50 elements , and you only carry 5 items , 45 elements worth of memory is sitting there unused .
Also , you can't carry more than 50 items , so you constantly have to check this when buying / picking up / doing anything that adds items to the inventory .
A dynamic array is an array that can be of any size , because it can be created and destroyed at any point in your program ( using " new " and " delete " in C++ , and " malloc ( ) " and " free ( ) " in C ) .
When you create it , you specify the size .
Unfortunately , you can't change the size of the array after it is created .
So when you decide to add or remove the item from the inventory , you need to create another array with the right number of elements , and then copy everything from the old array , and delete the old array .
This is slow .
If you use C , you can use realloc ( ) , which does the same thing .
Sorting a dynamic array and writing it to file is just as simple as sorting a static one , though .
A linked list is a more advanced programming structure .
It consists of a bunch of " nodes " created dynamically ( i.e. whenever you like , not all at a specific time like with arrays ) , and each one containing a pointer to the next one in the list ( and sometimes the previous ) and containing data ( like your item info ) .
The cool thing about linked lists is that there can be as many as you like , they will never waste any memory , and adding and removing items is easy and quick .
They can only be accessed sequentially , i.e. you have to go through them in order from beginning to end .
However , sorting linked lists , although harder to program , is even faster than sorting arrays , because you do n't need to swap the actual data , only the pointers ' memory addresses .
Writing this to file is slightly harder , as you have to do it item by item , you can't just write the whole list at once , and you do n't know how many items you 've got ( unless you keep count ) .
Linked lists can be used for a whole lot of other things too .
This is the recommended structure for those who know about it and how to use it .
If you do n't , it 's quite difficult , learn pointers and dynamic memory allocation first .
How do you make randomly generated items ?
Decide what percentage of items in the game should be random
Decide what categories of items should be randomly generated
Decide what things should be random in each category
Decide what the range for those random values should be
At the start of a game , generate the random items and put them in the big item array
Which kinds of monsters should I use in my roguelike ?
It depends on the setting and story .
Most roguelikes use monsters taken out of Tolkien 's work : orcs , trolls , wargs , hobbits , dwarves , elves , dragons and so on .
Traditional creatures taken out of various mythologies and religions are also used : nagas , medusas , gorgons , angels , demons and so on .
Some are taken out of " Dungeons and dragons " , such as the infamous kobold .
Plenty of animals are used : from the normal cave - dwelling creatures like bats and spiders , to the ridiculous lice and ants .
Make up your own if these are not enough .
How do you create a monster AI ?
AI ( artificial intelligence ) is not so easy to create .
There is several different techniques you might want to use .
State machines are probably the easiest way to do AI .
Firstly , get a piece of paper .
Then write a set of states ( e.g. attacking , walking somewhere , running away , stealing ) , circle those states , and draw arrows ( with directions ) from each state to every state you can get to from that state .
These arrows are called transitions .
Label each transition with the circumstances under which it occurs .
An example :
+-----------------+
+---------------+
| player runs away| | healthy again | | v v | +-- ATTACK APPROACH PLAYER RUN AWAY | ^ | ^ | | close enough | | | +-----------------+
likely to die |
+-------------------------------------------+
Of course , it would be a lot more complicated .
There is far more decisions to be made , and there is more actions ( one for each item / spell ) .
Now how do you implement this ?
Instead of using the usual massive nested " if " or " switch " statement , you make a 2 dimensional array , with the number of states being its width and height .
This is the state transition table .
ATTACK APPROACH RUN ATTACK
Player runs away Likely to die APPROACH Close enough RUN Healthy again
You keep a variable with each monster that tells you which state it is in .
This tells you about the row of the state transition table .
You then go through that row , and run tests to see if the circumstances in it are fulfilled .
If they are , pick the one with the highest priority , and switch to that state .
For instance , you are in the " ATTACK " state .
Look in the left - most column for " ATTACK " ( it 's at the top ) .
Right , now look along the row .
Under the first column ( " ATTACK " ) there is a blank space , so there is nothing to check there .
Under the " APPROACH " column there is " Player runs away " .
Say that is true - the player is leaving .
Under the " RUN " column there is " Likely to die " .
Say that is also true - the monster is badly hurt .
The monster 's life takes priority over the player 's pursuit , so the state machine switches to the " RUN " state ( you could of course make the monster 's life less important :-) .
Behavior is then based on the states .
This is also where big " if " statements can come in .
If you want to avoid them , use function pointers as well in your state transition table , and make a function for each action / state .
State machines are very good , and unlike a quick AI you make using hacks , they stand up well to difficult situations and do n't require a lot of processing or calculation .
They are used in many programming situations , so it is worthwhile to learn them .
Other techniques , like neural networks are described in question 8.x .
How do you create a good monster AI ?
The previous question describes how you make an AI .
This one will discuss how to improve it and make it interesting .
Firstly , plan .
Do you want some monsters to attack each other ?
Do you want to make some co-operate with the player ?
Do you want group tactics ?
Various strategies ?
How do they find / follow the player ?
Let 's see .
The player is always moving .
The monster is always moving .
The other monsters are always moving .
Doors are opening and closing , new obstacles are coming around .
This seemingly simple problem of " now the monster follows the player " is actually a real challenge .
Different roguelikes have tried different things .
In Angband , the monsters sleep ( do nothing ) when they are created .
When the player comes around making noise , they wake up .
This way , far away monsters do n't constantly have to look for the player .
Also , monsters only move to attack you if they see you ( I think ) , and if you temporarily disappear , they go to where they last saw you .
How do they move closer to you if they know where you are ( i.e. can see you ) ?
If their X value on the map is smaller than yours , they take a step that increases their X value ; if their X value is bigger than yours , they take a step that decreases it , and if it is the same , they do n't take a step which changes the X value .
The same thing happens with the Y value .
The combination of X and Y changes makes the monsters walk the best possible way ( i.e. diagonally or in a straight line , depending on the situation ) .
This , of course , does n't help when it comes to obstacles .
How do you get around obstacles ?
Several ways will be discussed here .
I am going to assume the monsters want to find you , and you are far away .
A good way to mark a path toward the player is to use the player 's Line of sight code to mark squares the player has seen .
Each time a square is found to be visible to the player , mark the square with a " scent value " X , where X is 32 times the current turn number , minus the distance from which the player saw the square ( this presumes that 32 is larger than your maximum sight radius .
If that 's not true , then use your maximum sight radius instead ) .
Now , any time a monster is on a square that the player has seen , it can just check the scent values on the surrounding squares .
If it keeps moving into the adjacent square with the highest chase value , it will effectively find its way through squares the player has seen to the player .
When the player 's in view , it will act like it 's tracking him by sight .
You probably want to limit this method depending on the monster 's abilities .
Scent tracking monsters could be limited to squares seen from a very short distance of one or two squares , while stupid monsters could be limited to not noticing any scent values that are from more than 50 turns ago and sighted monsters do n't get to follow the " scent " values until they have actually seen the player at least once .
The great benefit of this method is that it 's very simple and very fast and allows you to simulate several different related kinds of monster tracking .
It will make the monsters baffled anytime the player teleports or ( if the monster can't open doors ) when the player closes doors .
But , that 's sort of what teleporting and closing doors are for , so you may decide that 's all right .
Tracking by sound also works .
For each action that makes a sound , start with a number representing how loud the sound was and mark the square the player 's on with that noise level .
Then move outward from the player marking each new radius with a noise level one less than the one before , until you get to zero .
Monsters who remember the sound then go in the direction of the tiles with the highest amount of sound .
Maybe every time they hear sound , they start listening better for new sounds , and becoming more aware of smells ?
What is nice about sound and smell is how you magic and items which change them bring in all kinds of new strategies ( e.g. an invisibility spell is n't enough any more , because some monsters can sniff you out and attack anyway ) .
You may want to do pathfinding with a general pathfinding algorithm like A* or Dijkstra .
These will find the shortest path ( if any ) between two points on the map .
You might want to use these for some special monsters that know the location of the player ( through magic or something ) .
The problem with general pathfinding algorithms is that they are slow , and may be difficult to learn and program ( unless you know a lot of Graph Theory ) .
Also , since the player is moving , and monsters are moving , and new obstacles are coming around , you would have to trace a path every few turns to make sure it is still possible ( no new obstacles ) .
This is very computationally expensive , so like I said , it is n't good to use for every single monster , only for some .
It can also be used for moving the player ; in some games ( a.k.a. Diablo / 2 ) , you click with the mouse where you want the player to go , and he walks there using the shortest path and avoiding obstacles and everything else in the way .
A quick algorithm and explanation of pathfinding ( since I could n't find any and had to learn the hard way ) :
This is something like Djkstra 's algorithm .
What happens is there are 2 lists : OPEN and CLOSED .
The OPEN list stores a list of tiles which are possible candidates for a shortest path , and the CLOSED list stores the tiles we 've been through , so they are n't unnecessarily repeated .
The " movement cost " is the number of steps the monster has to take to get to that tile , walking on the path associated with that tile .
New tiles are only added to the OPEN list if they do n't exist , and tiles only replace other tiles if they have shorter paths .
Anyway , the algorithm is :
Find the destination tile ( where the player is ) .
Put the starting tile ( where the monster is ) on the OPEN list .
It 's starting cost is zero .
While the OPEN list is not empty , and a path is n't found :
Get the tile from the OPEN list with the lowest movement cost .
Let 's call it the CURRENT tile .
If this is the destination tile , the path has been found .
Exit the loop now .
Find the tiles to which you can immediately walk to from this tile .
These would the tiles around this tile , which do n't contain obstacles .
Call these tiles " successors " .
For each successor :
Set the successor 's parent to the CURRENT tile .
Set the successor 's movement cost to the parent 's movement cost , plus 1 ( for diagonal movements , add more if it takes longer to go diagonally in your game ) .
If the successor does n't exist on either the OPEN list or the CLOSED list , add it to the OPEN list .
Otherwise , if the successor 's movement cost is lower than the movement cost of the same tile on one of the lists , delete the occurrences of the successor from the lists add the successor to the OPEN list Otherwise , if the successor 's movement cost is higher than that of the same tile on one of the lists , get rid of the successor Delete the CURRENT tile from the OPEN list , and put it on the CLOSED list .
If the while loop has been ended because the OPEN list is empty , there is no path .
If this is not the case , the last tile pulled from the OPEN list , and its parents , describe the shortest path ( in reverse order - i.e. from the player to the monster - you should read the list of tiles back to front ) .
How do you add variety to your monsters ?
A big problem with monsters in roguelikes is that they are just too predictable .
You know one hit with a sword will kill every mouse , one arrow will kill every yeek , and it takes a lot from both weapons and spells to kill a dragon .
Even though there are often lots of monsters , once you 've seen each one , that 's it , you 've seen it all .
A number of different techniques therefore exist to make monsters more unique and add more variety to them .
Making monsters carry items is one of them .
So is a good monster AI .
There is several more .
Here I will discuss genetics and neural networks .
In real life , animals and people carry genes , which add a lot of differences between them .
Some are faster , some are smarter , some are healthier and so on .
What happens over a period of time is that the fittest survive and the rest die out .
So when your player walks into the dungeon and starts killing monsters , he will find they are not all the same , and they get stronger over time , because as the weaker die , the stronger live on to reproduce and have stronger children .
How do you make monster genetics ?
Decide what the " genes " should be .
Maybe extra health points .
Resistances to various elements and spells .
Stronger attack and defence .
Intelligence and eventually the ability to use magic ?
Then decide what each gene does .
For instance , each health gene affects health points by 5 % .
For each good health gene , the health points go up 5 % , and with a bad health gene , they go down 5 % .
So if you gave an orc 4 health genes , and they all turned out " good " , the orc would have 120 % of its normal health points .
If they all turned out " bad " , he would only have 80 % .
Now , using genetic algorithms , when you create a monster , randomly select 2 parents .
Somehow combine the parent 's genes ( usually using random selection and averaging ) .
If there is n't enough parents , randomly create genes .
How does this help ?
Well , the orcs with 80 % hit points will get killed more by the player , and so fewer will survive to have sickly children .
The children will thus become healthier , because only healthy parents have survived to reproduce .
As they grow healthier , they are more of challenge for the player .
Neural nets are a way for a computer to learn .
They are a difficult and complicated topic , which is why they are rarely used in any games , but simple ones should be manageable with a little research .
What basically happens is that a neural net takes a number of inputs , and produces a number of outputs .
Unlike a program which you make , however , a neural net learns from experience and corrects its mistakes , so a good one should make a really challenging opponent .
The inputs to a monster neural net could be :
Current state of health ( hit point percentage )
Current opponent 's state of health ( probably also a percentage )
Distance from opponent
Damage done by previous attack
The outputs :
Movement towards the opponent
Movement away from the opponent ( running away :-)
Some or other attack
A spell
You train the net by comparing the damage done to the opponent , with the damage received from the opponent .
With a little practise , the neural net would learn to run when it is near dead , to go closer to the opponent when it is far , to use attacks which do the most damage and so on .
One thing to remember , is that if you plan to have neural nets for each creature , do n't destroy the net when the creature dies .
Then all the learning is lost .
Rather use a net for all kinds of that creature ( e.g. a neural net for all orcs ) .
How do you make your battle system ?
The heart of any roguelike is the battle system .
What makes most roguelikes fun , is killing thousands of monsters .
The better the battles , the better the game .
So a good battle system is not only nice to have , it is essential .
Planning a battle system , however , is no easy job .
Every single spell , every usable item , every monster type , and many other things , can completely change the way battle works .
For instance , say you have this spell called " haste " that makes the player take one extra action per turn .
That 's easy : one " if " statement checks if haste is active , and if so , the player takes another action .
But now say you decide to change the haste spell so monsters can use it too .
Now things can really complicated when you have multiple monsters and the player with " haste " .
Your entire battle system might have to change .
So the point is , you need to start with a good design that 's capable of modeling the kinds of things that you 're going to make important in combat .
If you have something like " haste " , it means speeds can vary by creature , so you need to start with a system where speeds can vary by monster .
Then the complexity of the " if " statements checking each turn for another action never comes up because the player and monsters are simply taking turns at different rates .
Basically , combat works like this .
Everybody gets a certain number of turns , they do what they think will inflict the most damage on their opponent while minimising their own damage taken .
Damage is inflicted with weapons , and it is reduced ( or blocked entirely ) with armor .
The point of combat is very simple .
Kill as many opponents as possible while staying alive yourself .
When do you die ?
Every roguelike ( and most other games ) I 've seen use a " hit point " ( or " health point " ) rating , abbreviated HP .
You have a certain amount of HP , and a maximum .
The maximum grows when you reach the next level , and the current HP grows when you rest / drink healing potions / use healing spells and so on .
When your current HP is maxed out , you are completely healthy .
When it drops to 0 , you are dead .
Damage reduces it by the amount of damage taken , and healing increases it by the amount of health points gained .
How do you calculate this ?
Instead of the slow and problematic way of checking overflows like roguelikes usually do it , do this :
When a hit occurs :
If the damage is greater than or equal to the current HP , the HP drops to zero and you die .
Otherwise subtract the damage from the current HP .
When you are healed :
If the health gained is greater than the difference between your maximum and your current HP , your current HP takes on the value of the maximum HP .
Otherwise , you add the health gained to the current HP .
When you process monsters , the monster AI decides what action to take .
How do you represent , store and process monsters ?
This is a good question , but I do n't think very many articles have been written on this .
Firstly , to represent the monster , you need to take everything into consideration ( which is why this is the last article about monsters ) .
Does each monster have a name , or do only some ?
How do you deal with different AI 's ?
How do you store and use spells ?
How does your monster carry items ?
And can all monsters do all of these things ?
If not , how do you know and what do you do about it ?
Planning ( at least each kind of monster ) , object oriented programming and good structures should do the job for a large variety system such as this .
For the items section in this FAQ , a system was discussed where items were split into 2 categories : properties unique to each item , and properties which are the same throughout the same item ( e.g. two ordinary swords will do the same damage , but one might have a spell acting on it that the other does not ) .
This system works well for monsters too - all orcs have so many maximum hit points , but each one can have different current hit points ( because they have been hurt ) .
So splitting up monsters this way can be a good idea .
Most monsters are stored in some kind of data ( or text ) file .
They are read in when you play the game .
Inside the game , monsters will change often - the player will kill them , they might multiply , more will be created , reading a scroll of monster summoning will call up more and so on .
So you must make considerations for this from the start .
A linked list is very good for storing the monsters inside the game ; arrays are going to run into size problems very quickly .
If you are programming using object oriented programming , linked lists can store any object derived from a base class , and the right virtual method will still be activated for each monster .
Adding new monsters to a linked list is a piece of cake , removing dead ones is just as easy .
So linked lists are the storage system of choice .
How do you process monsters ?
Just pass through the linked list and run some or other function or method for each monster in it .
Alternatively , since each map tile points to a monster ( if any is standing on it ) , go through each map tile and process the monster on it .
One problem that could occur is that you get dangling pointers : each spell / person / monster / item attacking / working on / flying towards the current monster points to the monster .
When the monster dies , you delete the monster from the list , and those pointers point to who knows where .
Unpredictable things could happen .
Use " reference counting " ( see www.memorymanagement.org).
Basically , each monster keeps a count of its " users " , initially set to zero .
When something new points to the monster , increment the monster 's user count by 1 .
Each turn , those items / spells / whatevers pointing to the monster must check if the monster is dead ( marked somehow on the monster without removing it from memory ) , and if so , stop pointing to the monster , and decrease the monster 's user count by 1 .
Only when the monster 's user count is zero can it be safely deleted from the list and removed from memory .
Another problem you might run into is how to deal with monsters which have different speeds .
A monster that takes 3 actions per turn can either make all 3 when it is processed , or you can use the more realistic ( and difficult ) system where those turns are spread out among everyone else 's turns .
For this , you might want to keep a separate list for monsters of different speeds , and pass through the linked lists with different speeds more than once , taking only one action each time .
Then there are the " haste " and " slow " types of spells that change the number of actions you normally take ...
SPELLS
How do you represent a magic system ?
You plan it very well in advance first .
Do n't make magic a black box device - explain it somehow , and integrate it into your story .
Decide on the magic system , categories of spells , all of that .
What is a good magic system to use ?
Your own .
I would not copy from " Dungeons and dragons " , other roguelikes , other games , New Age books , Internet websites on magic and paganism , and whatever other sources you might think are good .
Maybe get ideas from them , but do n't copy spell names or statistics .
Traditionally , most roguelikes work magic similarly to " Dungeons and Dragons " , with a few exceptions .
Each spell has a level .
You have to be on the same or higher level ( experience wise ) to learn it , and you have to be a class that can learn spells , and have the appropriate spell book .
You have a certain amount of magic points .
They increase when you level up .
Each spell uses some magic points , and when you run out , you can't cast spells .
Magic points are restored by resting and with some potions .
How do you enchant objects or make " enchanted " objects ?
With great difficulty .
How do you make random spells ?
Similarly to random items .
Can you make any money from your roguelike ?
Of course you can .
Look at " Dungeon Hack " or " Diablo " for example .
Real - time combat and nice looking graphics are heavily recommend if you want to reach out for a broader ( paying ) audience , though .
But all the major roguelikes are free of charge , and all except Adom also permit free distribution and modification of the source code - something that is probably necessary unless you plan to write your game by yourself
Contributors
David Damarell ( NetHack description , question about money from roguelikes )
Bridget ( list of newsgroups )
Jens Baader ( list of roguelikes and newsgroups )
Philip Swartzleonard ( who makes roguelikes )
Kornel Kisielewicz ( wikified )
If your name is n't here , and you see your text somewhere on this , please e-mail me at dj015@yahoo.com , with what you wrote , so I can add you in .
The hostility between the Fox News Channel and its television news competitors , usually barely submerged , exploded into open recriminations Friday over a newspaper advertisement in which Fox accused its competitors of missing the story of the so - called antitax protests in Washington last Saturday .
All of the other networks named  CNN , MSNBC , ABC News , NBC News and CBS News  issued statements and details about the extent of their coverage .
The networks accused Fox News , a channel with a reputation for having a conservative point of view in much of its programming , of putting blatantly false information in the ad , which ran in three papers : The Wall Street Journal , The Washington Post and The New York Post .
Most vocal was CNN , whose executives approved an on - the - air denunciation of the Fox ad by one of its anchors , Rick Sanchez , who addressed Fox News directly , included extensive clips of the coverage CNN provided that day , and said Fox was criticizing its competitors because they did not choose to promote the event , as he said Fox had .
“ Here ’s the fact , ” Mr. Sanchez said .
“ The bottom line is we do cover the news and we did extensively cover this event .
We did n’t promote the event .
That ’s not what real news organizations are supposed to do . ”
The hierarchy of Maple Leaf Sports & Entertainment – CEO Richard Peddie and chairman Larry Tanenbaum – have been under an almost constant stream of criticism over their handling of the storied Leafs franchise .
Their hiring of John Ferguson Jr. as general manager in 2003 started yet another slide in Leaf fortunes on the ice .
In an excerpt from the book Leafs AbomiNation : The Dismayed Fan's Handbook to Why the Leafs Stink and How They Can Rise Again , authors Dave Feschuk and Michael Grange look at some of the Leafs ' problems in that era , as seen through the experiences of the club 's former player personnel director :
For all the public outcry , there were problems behind the scenes that did n't get much attention .
One was the short tenure of Craig Button , who'd been a candidate for general manager 's job before John Ferguson Jr. was hired and who was eventually hired by Ferguson as the team 's director of player personnel .
Button knew something of Ferguson 's situation .
In 2000 , at age 37 , he 'd been named the general manager of the Calgary Flames , where he spent most of three seasons presiding over a decline in the club 's fortunes .
The Flames never made the playoffs on his watch , and he was roundly criticized for leaving the roster in a shambles .
Still , Button 's credentials before he became a GM were impressive .
He 'd been the director of scouting and was promoted to the director of player personnel for the Dallas Stars during a successful string of seasons that culminated in the Stars ' 1999 Stanley Cup on a goal Sabres fans are still calling for the league to review because Brett Hull 's skate was in the crease .
And Button , like Ferguson , is the son of an NHL father .
Jack Button was the general manager of the Pittsburgh Penguins for a time in the 1970s , and he was assistant general manager of the Washington Capitals for most of two decades until he died in 1996 .
During his time in Toronto , Button , who spent 2008 - 09 as a commentator with the NHL Network , saw more than just a lack of managerial fortitude and foresight .
He saw a huge company and sporting institution that thought small .
And he saw Ferguson constantly bowing to the pressure to come up with short - term solutions to long - term problems .
" When John came in , it was interesting .
He talked about , ` We 've got to build this with draft picks and with youth . '
He was hired in August of '03 .
And at the trade deadline of ' 04 , first - round draft picks were flying out the door , " Button says .
" But that 's Toronto .
There 's different pressures that exist .
And I think they exist whether your name is Ken Dryden or Pat Quinn or Cliff Fletcher or John Ferguson .
And it'll apply to Brian Burke .
I believe the key part of it is you can't get caught up in the immediacy .
What happens when you get caught up in the immediacy is that you do n't see the forest for the trees .
Therefore , a trade of a third overall pick for Tom Kurvers occurs . "
The Kurvers trade , of course , was n't a Ferguson stroke .
It happened on the watch of Floyd Smith , who dispatched what turned out to be the third - overall selection in the 1991 draft to the New Jersey Devils in a move to shore up Toronto 's defence .
The Devils used the pick to select Scott Niedermayer , who'd go on to anchor three Stanley Cup winners .
Kurvers was traded to the Vancouver Canucks for Brian Bradley , who would go on to score 42 goals in an NHL season , albeit for the Tampa Bay Lightning , who got him for nothing when the Leafs left him unprotected in the 1992 expansion draft .
" Maple Leaf Sports and Entertainment has massive resources , which is a good thing .
I 've seen a real lack of foresight in the use of those resources to really gain a competitive advantage .
Personnel , scouting procedures , processes , development , all those things , " Button says .
" I could n't fathom how pennywise and pound - foolish they were .
I mean , if development and recruiting are going to be key parts of your operation – and they need to be – well , I 'll tell you what , you blanket the earth .
You use your resources .
If you can't spend some of your resources on player acquisition ( because of the salary cap ) , you spend it on developing players .
You make sure you 're as sharp as anything .
In my time there , I thought that was severely lacking . "
Ferguson , sitting high above the ice at Hamilton 's minor - league rink , making meticulous notes on the action below , glances up at the press - box video monitor .
It 's showing a Leafs game , and Ferguson begins a rumination on the current state of his former employer .
" Clearly the organization now , whether it 's through capitulation , whatever else , is clearly on board .
The manager has a six - year deal .
The coach has a four - year deal , " he says with the touch of admiring envy you might expect from a man who never enjoyed that kind of long - term job security .
Ferguson can't resist a playful jab at Burke 's build - it - from - the - basement philosophy .
" When you 're not trying to win , " he says , " it 's hard to underachieve . "
Even when the Ferguson regime was on the verge of getting it right , they sometimes got it wrong .
Consider the case of Fabian Brunnstrom , the Swedish forward with whom the Leafs shared a strange off - ice dance .
Brunnstrom signed with the Dallas Stars in 2007 , and he played regularly with the big club with modest results that saw him spend some time in the minors during the 2008 - 09 campaign .
But the Swede 's eventual fate as a pro is n't particularly vital to this anecdote .
What 's important to understand is that , in the fall of 2007 , Brunnstrom 's name was a veritable buzzword everywhere from hockey message boards to NHL executive offices .
What made him so attractive ?
He was a classic late bloomer who had n't been drafted by an NHL club , which made him an unrestricted free agent .
And so , at age 22 , he was suddenly among the most talked - about players in Sweden 's elite league .
NHL scouts had seen this kind of phenomenon before and largely ignored it , which allowed the Ottawa Senators to draft an unheralded Swede named Daniel Alfredsson with the 133rd overall pick in the 1994 draft , a move that turned out to lay a key piece of the foundation for a Senators team that became , for a while , a perennial contender with Alfredsson as captain .
The frustrating thing for various members of the Ferguson scouting staff in Toronto was that , while most of the league was fawning over Brunnstrom by November of 2007 , the Leafs had tracked him down long before .
Toronto , for all of the criticisms that have been levelled at its scouting department over the years , had made a key investment in bird - dogging in the 1990s , when they signed Swedish scout Thommie Bergman to be their director of European scouting .
Bergman was a pioneering player in the 1970s as the first Swedish defenceman to play in the NHL , a title often erroneously given to Borje Salming of the Leafs .
And Bergman , in his post - playing career , had carved out a reputation as a man with a keen eye for talent .
When Bergman saw Brunnstrom playing for Boras of HockeyAllsvenskan , Sweden 's second - best league , he knew the kid was bound for bigger things .
Convinced of Brunnstrom 's talent , the scout finally summoned Button to Europe to see for himself .
And as they continued to watch the prospect – at one point buying tickets to a game ( rather than alerting other scouts to their presence by requesting a pass ) and sitting among the fans wearing big coats and hats so as not to be recognized – Button soon agreed with Bergman that Brunnstrom had NHL potential .
The developmental plan , which seemed to make sense to Brunnstrom 's camp and to Bergman , would be to sign the player to a contract and have him play the 2007 - 08 season in the Swedish Elite League .
He would play for Farjestad , a respected club where he would be coached by Hakan Loob , a Swede who 'd earned a Stanley Cup ring with the Calgary Flames in 1989 and a man who knows what it takes to make the jump to the NHL .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
" It was a no - brainer , " says Button , looking back .
" I mean , here was a free agent you can sign for next to nothing ?
It 's a no -brainer . "
But when Bergman brought the plan to Ferguson and the GM 's lieutenant , Mike Penny , the no-brainer became a flat - out no .
" Mike Penny , with John Ferguson right there , said , ` There 's no f--king way we 're f-- king signing a guy and having him play in f--king Sweden .
What the f--k is this bullshit ? ' " says Button .
" I 'm sitting there thinking , ` Okay .
Do n't listen to me .
That 's okay .
But you hired this guy , Thommie Bergman , and this is his job , to find talent in Europe , and this is how he gets treated ? '
But that 's exactly what was said . "
That 's not the way Ferguson remembers the conversation .
But he does n't deny that , months later , when Brunnstrom was still unsigned and playing for Farjestad , the Leafs were among the teams suddenly expressing interest in his services .
By that point , though , Brunnstrom 's camp was said to be aware of the initial rebuff by the Leafs ' higher - ups .
And sure enough , just as Brunnstrom gave Toronto a pass , Button was n't long for the Leafs .
Button called the Brunnstrom affair " one of the straws that breaks the camel 's back . "
But there were others .
He did n't agree with the club 's decision to move the American Hockey League club from St. John's , Nfld. , to Toronto 's Ricoh Coliseum .
" I think it 's the dumbest thing they ever could have done .
Putting [ prospects ] under the scrutiny of Toronto ?
I can't think of anything dumber .
How do you live in a city like Toronto when you 're a young player making $ 50,000 a year ?
But that was a business - side decision .
They thought they were going to make a ton of money off the Marlies .
They thought they 'd make something like $ 3 million or $ 4 million a year .
And they 're losing $ 3 million or $ 4 million a year .
So they were off by $ 6 or $ 8 million . "
Above all , perhaps , Button did n't feel he was making a contribution .
Perhaps because Ferguson was afraid of involving anyone who could be seen as a threat to his power in the decision - making process – and Button , a former NHL GM , could certainly have qualified as a threat – Button says his suggestions fell on unreceptive ears .
" A big reason I left is there 's got to be a fit .
When you do n't feel you 're contributing , when you do n't feel anybody 's paying attention even , it 's difficult to stick around , " says Button .
" I can not begin to tell you how non-communicative John Ferguson and Mike Penny were .
I 'm talking , not even , ` Good idea . '
" You 'd send stuff to them – nothing .
Somebody asked me once , ` What 's John like in private ? '
I said , ` Exactly like he is in public . '
And I 'm not trying to rip on John .
I think he was overwhelmed .
I think he was like a deer in the headlights and he did n't know what to do .
But again , was that John 's fault ?
Or was that Richard Peddie 's fault ?
To me , Richard Peddie deserves all the blame for putting that person in that spot . "
Excerpted from Leafs AbomiNation : The Dismayed Fan's Handbook to Why the Leafs Stink and How They Can Rise Again .
Copyright 2009 by Dave Feschuk and Michael Grange .
Published by Random House Canada .
Reproduced by arrangement with the Publisher .
All rights reserved .
Order your copy of Leafs AbomiNation at www.StarStore.ca
One of the fundamental axioms of software development — # 9 on the list , actually — is that " there is always a better way . "
This holds that there is no such thing as Perfect Code , only Good Code which is appropriately correct , appropriately optimized , and appropriately documented for the situation at hand .
On the other hand , a lesser - known axioms ( #1873 , for those keeping count ) is that " there is always a worse way . "
No matter how bad a particular block of code may seem ... someone , somewhere , somehow will develop something even worse .
Of course , this being The Daily WTF , I figured that we'd be above that latter axiom .
With all of the bad code published here ( do n't forget : submit your own ! ) , surely we 've seen the worst possible way of doing something .
The Absolute Zero of bad code , if you will .
I mean , once you 've seen one declare - a - boolean - variable - for - every - state - and - have - if - statements - determine - the - selected - state - and - print - it - out ( like this ) , you 've seen them all , right ?
Not so much .
It took nearly five years to happen , but Georg Zimmer sent in an even worse state selector .
" I was tasked with fixing a simple bug , " he explained , " for some reason , Arkansas customers kept accidently changing their state to Arizona , and obviously this created some mailing problems .
It did n't take very long to realize the problem . "
if ( $ province == " AL - Alabama " ) { $ provinces = " < select name='usr_province ' > < option selected =' selected '>AL - Alabama</ option > < option > AK - Alaska</ option > < option > AZ - Arizona</ option > < option > AR - Arkansas </ option > < option > AA - Armed Forces America</ option > < option > AE - Armed Forces Other Areas</ option > < option > AP - Armed Forces Pacific</ option > < option > CA - California</ option > < option > CO - Colorado</ option > < option >CT - Connecticut</option > < option > DE - Delaware </ option > < option > DC - District of Columbia </ option > < option > FL - Florida</ option > < option > GA - Georgia</ option > < option > GU - Guam </ option > < option > HI - Hawaii</option > < option > ID - Idaho </ option > < option > IL - Illinois</ option > < option > IN - Indiana</ option > < option > IA - Iowa</option > < option > KS - Kansas </ option > < option > KY - Kentucky </ option > < option > LA - Louisiana / option > < option > ME - Maine </ option > < option > MD - Maryland </ option > < option > MA - Massachusetts </ option > < option > MI - Michigan </ option > < option > MN - Minnesota</ option > < option > MS - Mississippi</option > < option > MO - Missouri</option > < option > MT - Montana</ option > < option >NE - Nebraska</ option > < option >NV - Nevada</ option > < option >NH - New Hampshire </ option > < option > NJ - New Jersey </ option > < option >NM - New Mexico</ option > < option >NY - New York </ option > < option >NC - North Carolina </ option > < option > OH - Ohio</ option > < option > OK - Oklahoma</ option > < option > OR - Oregon</ option > < option > PA - Pennsylvania</ option > < option > PR - Puerto Rico</ option > < option > RI - Rhode Island </ option > < option > SC - South Carolina </ option > < option > SD - South Dakota</ option > < option > TN - Tennessee </ option > < option > TX - Texas </ option > < option > VI - U.S. Virgin Islands </ option > < option > UT - Utah </ option > < option > VT - Vermont </ option > < option > VA - Virginia </ option > < option > WA - Washington </ option > < option > WV - West Virginia </ option > < option > WI - Wisconsin</ option > < option > WY - Wyoming </ option > </ select > " ; } else if ( $ province == " AK - Alaska " ) { $ provinces = " < select name= ' usr_province '> < option > AL - Alabama </ option > < option selected =' selected '>
AK - Alaska</ option > < option > AZ - Arizona</ option > < option > AR - Arkansas </ option > < option > AA - Armed Forces America</ option > < option > AE - Armed Forces Other Areas</ option > < option > AP - Armed Forces Pacific</ option > < option > CA - California</ option > < option > CO - Colorado</ option > < option >CT - Connecticut</option > < option > DE - Delaware </ option > < option > DC - District of Columbia </ option > < option > FL - Florida</ option > < option > GA - Georgia</ option > < option > GU - Guam </ option > < option > HI - Hawaii</option > < option > ID - Idaho </ option > < option > IL - Illinois</ option > < option > IN - Indiana</ option > < option > IA - Iowa</option > < option > KS - Kansas </ option > < option > KY - Kentucky </ option > < option > LA - Louisiana / option > < option > ME - Maine </ option > < option > MD - Maryland </ option > < option > MA - Massachusetts </ option > < option > MI - Michigan </ option > < option > MN - Minnesota</ option > < option > MS - Mississippi</option > < option > MO - Missouri</option > < option > MT - Montana</ option > < option >NE - Nebraska </ option > < option>NV - Nevada</ option > < option >NH - New Hampshire </ option > < option > NJ - New Jersey </ option > < option >NM - New Mexico</ option > < option >NY - New York </ option > < option >NC - North Carolina </ option > < option > OH - Ohio</ option > < option > OK - Oklahoma</ option > < option > OR - Oregon</ option > < option > PA - Pennsylvania</ option > < option > PR - Puerto Rico</ option > < option > RI - Rhode Island </ option > < option > SC - South Carolina </ option > < option > SD - South Dakota</ option > < option > TN - Tennessee </ option > < option > TX - Texas </ option > < option > VI - U.S. Virgin Islands </ option > < option > UT - Utah </ option > < option > VT - Vermont </ option > < option > VA - Virginia </ option > < option > WA - Washington </ option > < option > WV - West Virginia </ option > < option > WI - Wisconsin</ option > < option > WY - Wyoming </ option > </ select > " ; } else if ( $ province == " AZ - Arizona " ) { $ provinces = " < select name='usr_province ' > < option > AL - Alabama </ option > < option > AK - Alaska </ option > < option selected =' selected '>
AZ - Arizona</ option > < option > AR - Arkansas </ option > < option > AA - Armed Forces America</ option > < option > AE - Armed Forces Other Areas</ option > < option > AP - Armed Forces Pacific</ option > < option > CA - California</ option > < option > CO - Colorado</ option > < option >CT - Connecticut</option > < option > DE - Delaware </ option > < option > DC - District of Columbia </ option > < option > FL - Florida</ option > < option > GA - Georgia</ option > < option > GU - Guam </ option > < option > HI - Hawaii</option > < option > ID - Idaho </ option > < option > IL - Illinois</ option > < option > IN - Indiana</ option > < option > IA - Iowa</option > < option > KS - Kansas </ option > < option > KY - Kentucky </ option > < option > LA - Louisiana / option > < option > ME - Maine </ option > < option > MD - Maryland </ option > < option > MA - Massachusetts </ option > < option > MI - Michigan </ option > < option > MN - Minnesota</ option > < option > MS - Mississippi</option > < option > MO - Missouri</option > < option > MT - Montana</ option > < option >NE - Nebraska</ option > < option >NV - Nevada </ option > < option>NH - New Hampshire </ option > < option > NJ - New Jersey </ option > < option >NM - New Mexico</ option > < option >NY - New York </ option > < option >NC - North Carolina </ option > < option > OH - Ohio</ option > < option > OK - Oklahoma</ option > < option > OR - Oregon</ option > < option > PA - Pennsylvania</ option > < option > PR - Puerto Rico</ option > < option > RI - Rhode Island </ option > < option > SC - South Carolina </ option > < option > SD - South Dakota</ option > < option > TN - Tennessee </ option > < option > TX - Texas </ option > < option > VI - U.S. Virgin Islands </ option > < option > UT - Utah </ option > < option > VT - Vermont </ option > < option > VA - Virginia </ option > < option > WA - Washington </ option > < option > WV - West Virginia </ option > < option > WI - Wisconsin</ option > < option > WY - Wyoming </ option > </ select > " ; } else if ( $ province == " AR - Arkansas " ) { $ provinces = " < select name='usr_province ' > < option > AL - Alabama </ option > < option > AK - Alaska </ option > < option selected =' selected '>
AZ - Arizona</ option > < option > AR - Arkansas </ option > < option > AA - Armed Forces America</ option > < option > AE - Armed Forces Other Areas</ option > < option > AP - Armed Forces Pacific</ option > < option > CA - California</ option > < option > CO - Colorado</ option > < option >CT - Connecticut</option > < option > DE - Delaware </ option > < option > DC - District of Columbia </ option > < option > FL - Florida</ option > < option > GA - Georgia</ option > < option > GU - Guam </ option > < option > HI - Hawaii</option > < option > ID - Idaho </ option > < option > IL - Illinois</ option > < option > IN - Indiana</ option > < option > IA - Iowa</option > < option > KS - Kansas </ option > < option > KY - Kentucky </ option > < option > LA - Louisiana / option > < option > ME - Maine </ option > < option > MD - Maryland </ option > < option > MA - Massachusetts </ option > < option > MI - Michigan </ option > < option > MN - Minnesota</ option > < option > MS - Mississippi</option > < option > MO - Missouri</option > < option > MT - Montana</ option > < option >NE - Nebraska</ option > < option >NV - Nevada </ option > < option>NH - New Hampshire </ option > < option > NJ - New Jersey </ option > < option >NM - New Mexico</ option > < option >NY - New York </ option > < option >NC - North Carolina </ option > < option > OH - Ohio</ option > < option > OK - Oklahoma</ option > < option > OR - Oregon</ option > < option > PA - Pennsylvania</ option > < option > PR - Puerto Rico</ option > < option > RI - Rhode Island </ option > < option > SC - South Carolina </ option > < option > SD - South Dakota</ option > < option > TN - Tennessee </ option > < option > TX - Texas </ option > < option > VI - U.S. Virgin Islands </ option > < option > UT - Utah </ option > < option > VT - Vermont </ option > < option > VA - Virginia </ option > < option > WA - Washington </ option > < option > WV - West Virginia </ option > < option > WI - Wisconsin</ option > < option > WY - Wyoming </ option > </ select > " ; } else if ( $ province == " AA - Armed Forces America " ) { .... snip 3,059 lines of code ... } else if ( $ province == " WY - Wyoming " ) { $ provinces = " < select name='usr_province ' > < option > AL - Alabama</ option > < option > AK - Alaska </ option > < option >AZ - Arizona</ option > < option > AR - Arkansas </ option > < option > AA - Armed Forces America</ option > < option > AE - Armed Forces Other Areas</ option > < option > AP - Armed Forces Pacific</ option > < option > CA - California</ option > < option > CO - Colorado</ option > < option >CT - Connecticut</option > < option > DE - Delaware </ option > < option > DC - District of Columbia </ option > < option > FL - Florida</ option > < option > GA - Georgia</ option > < option > GU - Guam </ option > < option > HI - Hawaii</option > < option > ID - Idaho </ option > < option > IL - Illinois</ option > < option > IN - Indiana</ option > < option > IA - Iowa</option > < option > KS - Kansas </ option > < option > KY - Kentucky </ option > < option > LA - Louisiana / option > < option > ME - Maine </ option > < option > MD - Maryland </ option > < option > MA - Massachusetts </ option > < option > MI - Michigan </ option > < option > MN - Minnesota</ option > < option > MS - Mississippi</option > < option > MO - Missouri</option > < option > MT - Montana</ option > < option >NE - Nebraska</ option > < option >NV - Nevada </ option > < option >NH - New Hampshire </ option > < option > NJ - New Jersey </ option > < option >NM - New Mexico</ option > < option >NY - New York </ option > < option >NC - North Carolina </ option > < option > OH - Ohio</ option > < option > OK - Oklahoma</ option > < option > OR - Oregon</ option > < option > PA - Pennsylvania</ option > < option > PR - Puerto Rico</ option > < option > RI - Rhode Island </ option > < option > SC - South Carolina </ option > < option > SD - South Dakota</ option > < option > TN - Tennessee </ option > < option > TX - Texas </ option > < option > VI - U.S. Virgin Islands </ option > < option > UT - Utah </ option > < option > VT - Vermont </ option > < option > VA - Virginia </ option > < option > WA - Washington </ option > < option > WV - West Virginia </ option > < option > WI - Wisconsin </ option > < option selected =' selected '>WY - Wyoming </ option > </ select > " ; } else { $ provinces = " < select name='usr_province ' > < option selected =' selected '>
AL - Alabama </ option > < option > AK - Alaska</ option > < option > AZ - Arizona</ option > < option > AR - Arkansas </ option > < option > AA - Armed Forces America</ option > < option > AE - Armed Forces Other Areas</ option > < option > AP - Armed Forces Pacific</ option > < option > CA - California</ option > < option > CO - Colorado</ option > < option >CT - Connecticut</option > < option > DE - Delaware </ option > < option > DC - District of Columbia </ option > < option > FL - Florida</ option > < option > GA - Georgia</ option > < option > GU - Guam </ option > < option > HI - Hawaii</option > < option > ID - Idaho </ option > < option > IL - Illinois</ option > < option > IN - Indiana</ option > < option > IA - Iowa</option > < option > KS - Kansas </ option > < option > KY - Kentucky </ option > < option > LA - Louisiana / option > < option > ME - Maine </ option > < option > MD - Maryland </ option > < option > MA - Massachusetts </ option > < option > MI - Michigan </ option > < option > MN - Minnesota</ option > < option > MS - Mississippi</option > < option > MO - Missouri</ option > < option > MT - Montana </ option > < option >NE - Nebraska</ option > < option >NV - Nevada</ option > < option >NH - New Hampshire </ option > < option > NJ - New Jersey </ option > < option >NM - New Mexico</ option > < option >NY - New York </ option > < option >NC - North Carolina </ option > < option > OH - Ohio</ option > < option > OK - Oklahoma</ option > < option > OR - Oregon</ option > < option > PA - Pennsylvania</ option > < option > PR - Puerto Rico</ option > < option > RI - Rhode Island </ option > < option > SC - South Carolina </ option > < option > SD - South Dakota</ option > < option > TN - Tennessee </ option > < option > TX - Texas </ option > < option > VI - U.S. Virgin Islands </ option > < option > UT - Utah </ option > < option > VT - Vermont </ option > < option > VA - Virginia </ option > < option > WA - Washington </ option > < option > WV - West Virginia </ option > < option > WI - Wisconsin</ option > < option > WY - Wyoming </ option > </ select > " ; }
" It was an easy fix ... but it certainly did n't solve the bigger problem . "
EUGENE , Ore. --
A day after Oregon 's college football season opened , it ended for running back LeGarrette Blount .
Blount was suspended for all remaining games on Friday for punching Boise State defensive end Byron Hout in the jaw following the 16th - ranked Ducks ' 19 - 8 loss to the 14th - ranked Broncos the night before .
Because he is a senior , Blount 's playing days in Eugene are over .
Oregon 's first - year coach , Chip Kelly , told a sobbing Blount about his decision after reviewing tape of the altercation .
Celebrating the victory on the Broncos ' trademark blue turf , Hout yelled in Blount 's face and tapped him on the shoulder pad .
Before Boise State coach Chris Petersen could pull
Hout away , Blount landed a right to Hout 's jaw , knocking him to his knees .
Blount also had to be restrained by police from fans heckling him on the way to the locker room .
Later he apologized saying , " It was just something that I should n't have done .
I lost my head . "
Still , Kelly was taken aback when he saw the punch on tape .
" That 's not what we 're all about .
That 's not what we coach .
That 's not what we stand for and it's unacceptable , " he said .
Blount 's suspension includes bowl games .
He will remain on scholarship , however , and will continue to practice with the team .
" He is taking this very hard , " Kelly said , choking up .
" He understands he made a mistake and he has to pay for the mistake .
But we 're not going to throw LeGarrette Blount out on the street . "
Kelly said he hoped Blount 's ultimate legacy " wo n't be a YouTube clip of what happened to him on September 3rd in Boise , Idaho . "
Hout wo n't be suspended for taunting Blount .
Boise State spokesman Max Corbet told The Associated Press in an e-mail that Petersen planned to spend time with Hout this week to help him learn from what happened .
View Transcript
Transcript
Retirement planning in a bad economy
Wally says , " Retirement planning is all about timing . "
Wally says , " I 'm planning to die from global warming on the same day I run out of money . "
Wally says , " That 's one more advantage of being frail .
I figure an hour without sunscreen ought to do the trick . "
What ’s A Sweet Gal Like You Doing In A Bloody Show Like This ?
With her girl next door appeal and charm , Julie Benz seems unlikely to be married to a self - righteous serial killer on Dexter , baring her fangs in Buffy the Vampire Slayer or Angel , or battling for survival in Saw V and Rambo .
When she started her career she wanted to be in romantic comedies .
Funny how things turned out — she has appeared more and more in violent and bloody film and television fare over the last two decades .
Who knows , maybe it ’s all Dario Argento ’s fault for first casting her in Two Evil Eyes , although many of Benz ’s fans are probably happy he did .
Ultimately most performers cannot predict their career trajectories , and that can be rewarding for both them and their fans , as this star has learned .
With the fourth season of Showtime ’s Dexter ready to launch ( on Sunday night at 9 PM Eastern ) , and the movie Boondock Saints II : All Saints Day arriving in November , Julie sat down to chat with ADD about her Dexter character Rita Bennett and her blind love for a serial killer , her Boondock role , how her career has traveled down some very dark corners and why she likes the simple life .
Your career started with a very eclectic mix of roles , but more and more you ’re becoming famous for roles in violent films .
How did that happen ?
[ laughs ] I have no idea .
It just seems to be the nature of how my career has taken shape .
It ’s definitely not a conscious choice or something I seek out .
I attract these characters that are flawed and dark in many ways .
I got into this business to do romantic comedies .
That ’s all I wanted to do .
Twenty - four years ago when I became an actress I wanted to be the girl in a romantic comedy .
I wanted to be Julia Roberts or Sandra Bullock .
[ On television ] I only wanted to do sitcoms .
I had no desire to do anything dramatic , and it was n’t until I started working with Joss Whedon on Buffy that he pushed me [ there ] .
All of a sudden I started becoming known as a dramatic actress .
I ’ve had a much more challenging career than I ever imagined I would have .
When you work in genre material , on a show like Buffy and Angel or even Dexter , given that they ’re so extreme it ’s much more challenging for an actor , I find .
It ’s interesting that the first role you were in 19 years ago was in the Dario Argento segment of Two Evil Eyes .
What was that like being your first film ?
I had no clue .
I wanted to be an extra on the movie .
I was literally sitting in the hallway to be seen to be an extra , and Dario Argento just happened to be walking down the hall .
He looked at me and said , “ You , come here . ”
He did n’t speak much English .
I was with my Mom , and he took us into the conference room and looked at me and goes , “ Walk . ” I walked across the room , and he said , “ Walk back . ”
Then he looked at me and said , “ Okay , you ’re Betty . ” I was like , “ What ? ” “ Do you want to be in my movie ? ” I said , “ Yes . ” He said , “ No , no , no , no .
Do you want to be in my movie ? ”
And I was like , “ Yes ! ” My Mom and I were looking at each other like , “ What is going on here ? ” I had five lines with Harvey Keitel .
It was the first time I had been on set .
I had done some commercials , but nothing like this .
I was fortunate enough that the dialogue coach was one of my acting teachers , and he helped me through it and to navigate my way on set .
I was also hired because I play the violin , and the character had to be able to play the violin , so that helped .
Your father is a surgeon .
Does he find any irony in the fact that you ’re on Dexter ?
No , I do n’t think so , but I think my father would love to see me play a doctor some day .
I come from a family of doctors – my great grandfather , my grandfather , my Dad , my uncle , great uncle and cousins .
The whole family is medical doctors .
I wanted to be the first female doctor in the family , but I just ca n’t stand the sight of blood , to be honest with you .
So I decided I could become an actor and play a doctor , but it has n’t happened yet .
Maybe one day it will .
Can you stand the sight of fake blood ?
Umm …I have issues , but I get through it .
What can you tell us about the new season of Dexter ?
I think we all feel so lucky part to be of a show that attracts such high caliber talent .
We had Jimmy Smits come on last season , and he was amazing as Miguel Prado , and now John Lithgow is joining our cast .
It blows all of us away .
I think it elevates the work that ’s on the show , and it ’s inspiring to everyone .
It ’s amazing .
We ’ve had Keith Carradine as well .
This season is our best yet .
When John Lithgow plays creepy , he plays creepy .
He plays another serial killer called The Trinity Killer , and that ’s about all I can really say .
It ’s an amazing counterpoint .
In Season One , Rita dressed like Lara Croft for Dexter .
What was that like ?
That was fun and silly .
It was a love scene , so there was a level of tension in regards to that , but it was fun to break out of her normal , oversized , baggy , downtrodden look and seeing her accepting her sex appeal .
Amazon.com Widgets
What do you like most about Rita ?
I love the growth and transition that she ’s gone through .
She started out as a fragile and damaged bird in many ways , and through the love of Dexter she has blossomed into a very strong woman , into the woman she probably was before all of the damage was done to her .
It ’s almost like you ’re watching a train about to crash because you know at any moment that the rug could be ripped out from underneath her .
The more secure she becomes in her relationship with Dexter , and the more bonded they become together through their marriage and having a child together , you ’re just waiting for the [ other ] shoe to drop .
It ’s a big shoe .
I think it ’s definitely an element that at some point could be revealed .
I hope never , personally .
I honestly believe that Rita would never accept it anyway .
You could say you ’ve been filming her life and this is what your husband does in his free time , and you could show the footage to her , but she would say that ’s not him .
I do n’t think it ’s stupidity or naïveté .
I think that when you share your life with someone – when you share your heart , your body and your soul and you create a life with someone – we ’re not made to handle that .
If you ’re in love with a serial killer , what does that say about you ?
People do n’t like feeling that they ’ve been deceived .
It ’s also a reflection of yourself .
It ’s why so many serial killers ’ wives and family members still do n’t believe it .
Because what does that say about them ?
And for Rita , it goes even deeper .
What does that say about their child ?
It ’s a Greek tragedy in many ways .
I do n’t think Rita will believe it .
She already fell in love with a drug - addicted abuser .
She does n’t have a great track record .
What was the most fun thing and the most difficult thing about shooting Rambo in Thailand ?
The most difficult was the physical elements .
We were out in the jungle .
It was unbelievably hot , and the bugs were the size of birds .
It was rough .
I did an interview and said my trailer looked like a 1962 bomb shelter , and then got called out – “ Why are you an actor if all you want is glamour ? ”
The point was that it was rough .
There was no glamour on that set , but it was also part of the excitement of doing it .
It was a once - in - a - lifetime experience for me .
I ’ve never experienced anything like that .
You just had to throw yourself into it .
I was working opposite Sylvester Stallone , a film icon , and he was n’t just starring in it .
He was writing , directing and producing .
I was able to witness why he is a film icon and why he is one of the most recognizable people in the world .
No matter how you feel about his work , his level of commitment and work ethic is so extreme and inspiring .
He gave me a great piece of advice :
What we do is being captured on film for eternity , and there ’s no caption that comes up underneath saying , “ Please forgive the actress in this scene , she ’s having a bad day . ”
There ’s none of that .
You have to commit to every second of footage that ’s being shot .
You have to give your all .
And that ’s hard .
You ’ve had an interesting career so far , and with all of these recent projects it seems that you ’re bubbling under and getting ready for something bigger .
That would be nice .
When I saw Boondock Saints II for the first time , [ I saw ] a character that you do n’t see me in at all .
She ’s so completely different from me , and that was the challenge .
I watched it going , “ I ca n’t believe that ’s me . ” I think I ’m evolving .
I evolve a little bit slower than other people , but I ’m evolving .
How is the Boondock Saints character of Eunice Bloom so much different than you ?
First , she ’s extremely Southern , and I ’m not naturally gifted at accents .
I have to work very hard at them .
She ’s a fiery redhead , she ’s sexy , she ’s a badass with weapons .
For the first time I was n’t playing a victim or a love interest .
I was playing a woman who could take on the men .
She ’s smarter than everybody else , she ’s tougher than everybody else and she ’s sexier than everybody else .
She does n’t lose her femininity .
She wears 6 - inch stiletto heels to a crime scene .
She ’s dressed in tight pencil skirts and wears pink rubber gloves .
I describe her as the woman every man wants to fuck and every woman wants to be .
And that is not me in real life !
What do you think your fans would be surprised to learn about you ?
I do n’t know .
A lot of people think that Rita is not very close to me , and I think Rita is probably closer to me than any other character I ’ve played .
I have a little bit stronger armor then she does , but in many ways her vulnerability , her sensitivity , her positive outlook and her commitment to love and relationships , all of that stuff is more me , even her flaws .
I have never been abused or experienced the depth of anything that she ’s gone through , but for some reason I just innately understand her .
I remember when I was auditioning for both Debra and Rita , I originally thought that Debra was an amazing character because she got to swear all the time .
I worked my ass off on those scenes , and I really did n’t do a damn thing to prepare for Rita .
Then they tried me for Rita , and as soon as I opened my mouth they said , “ You ’re our Rita . ”
It was hard for me to acknowledge the fact that this woman is just me .
I just understand her .
I wish I could say I was surprised , but pharmaceutical companies and medical device manufacturing is very big business in New Jersey and when those companies say jump , elected officials say " How high ? "
Would n't it be nice if they put as much thought into the health and safety of their constituents ?
The Food and Drug Administration said Thursday that four New Jersey congressmen and its own former commissioner unduly influenced the process that led to its decision last year to approve a patch for injured knees , an approval it is now revisiting .
The agency ’s scientific reviewers repeatedly and unanimously over many years decided that the device , known as Menaflex and manufactured by ReGen Biologics Inc. , was unsafe because the device often failed , forcing patients to get another operation .
But after receiving what an F.D.A. report described as “ extreme , ” “ unusual ” and persistent pressure from four Democrats from New Jersey — Senators Robert Menendez and Frank R. Lautenberg and Representatives Frank Pallone Jr. and Steven R. Rothman — agency managers overruled the scientists and approved the device for sale in December .
All four legislators made their inquiries within a few months of receiving significant campaign contributions from ReGen , which is based in New Jersey , but all said they had acted appropriately and were not influenced by the money .
Dr. Andrew C. von Eschenbach , the former drug agency ’s commissioner , said he had acted properly .
The agency has never before publicly questioned the process behind one of its approvals , never admitted that a regulatory decision was influenced by politics , and never accused a former commissioner of questionable conduct .
“ The message here is that there were problems with the integrity of F.D.A. ’s decision - making process that have solutions , ” Dr. Joshua Sharfstein , the agency ’s principal deputy commissioner , said in a conference call with reporters .
ATLANTA -- Scott Blair had never thrown a touchdown pass .
Scratch that one off the list .
He 'd never kicked a game - winner for Georgia Tech .
Took care of that one , too .
Blair threw a touchdown pass off a fake field goal , then booted a 36 - yard kick with 57 seconds remaining as the 15th - ranked Yellow Jackets rallied to beat Clemson 30 - 27 after squandering a 24 - point lead Thursday night .
" I was just trying to treat it like a normal kick , not psych myself out , " Blair said .
" I was n't paying attention to the score at all .
I did n't want to think at the time that it was a game - winner .
It was just another kick . "
Hardly .
Georgia Tech ( 2 - 0 , 1 - 0 Atlantic Coast Conference ) pulled itself back from the brink of a potentially devastating loss that looked like an easy victory early on .
The Yellow Jackets raced to a 24 - 0 lead 4 1/2 minutes into the second quarter .
But Clemson ( 1 - 1 , 0 - 1 ) scored 27 straight points , taking its first lead of the night on Richard Jackson 's 53 - yard field goal with 11:33 to go .
" I 'm proud of the way we played against a top 15 team on the road , " C.J. Spiller said .
" We kept thinking we would come back and get back in the game .
You have to believe .
You have to have faith . "
Georgia
Tech , which did nothing offensively through most of the second and third quarters , finally regrouped for a 69 - yard drive that set up Blair 's tying kick , a 34 - yarder with 5:40 left .
Then , after a holding penalty on Clemson 's Thomas Austin wiped out Kyle Parker 's 38 - yard completion to Jacoby Ford , the Yellow Jackets got a chance to win it .
Josh Nesbitt hooked up with Demaryius Thomas for a 39 - yard pass , making up for a miserable passing performance in which the Georgia Tech quarterback completed only 3 of 14 for 83 yards with two interceptions .
After Thomas ' catch , the Yellow Jackets moved into position for Blair 's winning kick .
Blair also threw a wobbly 34 - yard touchdown pass during Georgia Tech 's early barrage .
The Tigers did n't spot Demaryius Thomas lingering near the sideline on an apparent field goal attempt , and Blair connected on a pass that was n't pretty but did the job .
" I actually do n't remember catching the ball or throwing the ball too much , " Blair said with a big smile .
" I guess it was dreamlike . "
Clemson overcame the nightmarish start .
Parker , a redshirt freshman making only his second college start , threw for 261 yards and three touchdowns , hooking up with Spiller on a 63 - yarder and Ford on a 77 - yarder , sandwiched around a 9 - yard scoring pass to Dwayne Allen .
Spiller rushed for 87 yards and caught four passes for 69 more .
Ford had five catches for 109 yards .
" We 'll learn from this , " coach Dabo Swinney said .
" This loss wo n't beat us twice . "
Anthony Allen led Georgia
Tech with 127 yards rushing on just five carries , including an 82 - yard touchdown on his team 's second play from scrimmage .
Nesbitt threw his first pick on the Yellow Jackets ' opening snap , but that was about the only thing they did wrong at the beginning .
The next time they got the ball at their own 18 , Nesbitt pitched to Allen , who got a block from Thomas and was gone down the sideline .
" All I had to do was run , " Allen said .
" Everyone else did the hard stuff . "
Clemson drove to the Georgia Tech 38 and faced fourth - and - 5 .
The Tigers sent on the field goal team , called time to consider their options , then chose one that backfired .
The field goal team came back on , but only to have Richard Jackson take a direct snap and try to surprise the Yellow Jackets with a punt .
They were n't fooled .
Jerrard Tarrant came flying up to catch the line drive , broke a couple of tackles and did n't stop running until he had his second punt return for a touchdown in as many weeks , this one covering 85 yards .
Georgia
Tech 's chicanery worked a little better .
After Clemson 's second interception was wiped out by a video review , the Yellow Jackets sent back their offense facing fourth - and - 13 at the Tigers 34 .
Then they sent out the field - goal unit , but Clemson did n't notice Thomas lingering just inbounds .
Blair took a direct snap and floated a pass to Thomas , who was at least 20 yards in the clear .
Chris Chancellor tried desperately to get back , but Thomas straight - armed him away to complete the 34 - yard TD .
Blair tacked on a 24 - yard field goal early in the second quarter .
Then it was Clemson 's turn .
Spiller hauled in the 14th scoring play of at least 50 yards in his career , giving the Tigers some momentum before halftime .
Clemson dominated the third quarter , scoring on back - to - back possessions to pull within 24 - 21 .
Then , in a stunner for the decked - in - white home crowd , Jackson converted from 21 and 53 yards early in the fourth to give the Tigers a lead .
At that point , Clemson had outgained Georgia Tech 319-91 in total yards since falling behind 24 - 0 .
But the Yellow Jackets finally converted on third down with about 10 minutes remaining after missing on their first nine attempts , which seemed to spark the option offense .
" When a team scores 27 unanswered points , that shows we let down a little bit , " Allen said .
" That 's something we 've got to work on .
When we get the lead , we 've got to keep on punching them in the mouth . "
The best way to escape the summer heat is to head to the beach ; however , you may be putting your health at risk by swimming in polluted waters .
Â
A record number of public beach closures prompted by water pollution occurred last year .
Â According to a Natural Resource Defense Council ( NRDC ) report of US beaches , “ pollution caused the number of beach closings and advisories to hit their fourth - highest level in the 19 - year history of the report . ”
Â Faulty stormwater and sewage systems are largely to blame for the water pollution closing 20,000 beaches .
Photo by mikebaird
From pink eye to meningitis , many illnesses can be contracted from polluted waters .
Â
The health of swimmers are at risk , but the problem can be corrected .
Â
The NRDC reports :
As a result of legal pressure from NRDC , the Environmental Protection Agency has agreed to update its 20 - year - old beachwater quality standards by 2012 .
The legal settlement requires EPA to : Conduct new health studies and swimmer surveys .
Approve a water - testing method that will produce same - day results .
Protect beachgoers from a broader range of waterborne illnesses …
But the settlement does n’t actually require local beach officials to use the rapid - testing methods developed by EPA .
The NRDC beach survey does not include rivers , which also provide swimming holes and are subject to unhealthy water pollution .
Â
Take for example the rivers and reservoirs of Northern California , in which toxic algae blooms have killed dogs and sickened humans .
This summer , Humboldt County has issued blue - green algae warnings to swimmers .
The Redwood Times explains the causes and solutions to the toxic algae problem polluting rivers :
Warm , slow - moving waters with lots of nutrients are most likely to experience blue - green algae blooms .
Two nutrients required by algae are phosphorous and nitrogen .
These are found in fertilizers , animal waste , and human ( septic system ) waste .
Excessive pumping of lakes , streams or rivers can cause the water to stagnate and heat up .
People can take the following measures to prevent algal blooms in our waterways : Minimize the use of water , fertilizers and pesticides on your property .
Donâ€™t apply more than the recommended amounts of fertilizers or pesticides , and conserve water with drip irrigation , etc .
Recycle or dispose of any â€œspentâ€ pre-fertilized soil that has been used for intensive growing .
Runoff from this soil can still contain a lot of nutrients that may stimulate algal blooms .
Operate and maintain your septic system properly .
Overloaded or damaged septic systems can increase nutrients in nearby waters .
Have your system pumped every three - four years .
Encourage the growth of native plants around banks and shorelines .
Wetland and streamside plants help filter water and donâ€™t require fertilizers or pesticides to stay healthy .
Prevent surface water runoff from agricultural areas and keep livestock out of surface waters .
Prevent erosion around construction and logging operations .
As summer wanes on , be careful where you choose to swim .
Â
Call your local Department of Health and Human Services before heading to the beach to see if any warning have been issued .
Â
Unless we fix our infrastucture now , the problem of water pollution at public beaches will only grow as the effects of climate change continue .
I was born in 1975 and after my father had worked in two family owned businesses , one with my uncle and another with his brother , he started his own carpet cleaning service with one buffer and an extractor in 1980 .
We moved to Sacramento from Salt Lake City and by 1983 he was making around $ 4000 a month in 1983 dollars , working by and for himself .
Unfortunately , a downturn in our local economy cut his business more than half and by 1985 he was supporting a family of 5 on roughly $ 1500 a month .
That was still okay money for the 80’s and he could afford a little home and yard .
When he began shopping for health insurance , he found that the premiums for a family of 5 were around $ 500 a month ( possibly he could have found a policy for less , I do n’t know what it was like except for what he has told me ) so he opted to ration care and invest that in advertising and living expenses .
Around 1986 he began to have blurring in his vision and discovered he was developing cataracts .
Without health insurance and a monthly income that varied , after car repairs , rent , food for the kids , ect. , there was simply no savings in the bank .
My parents had to decide between taking out loans or looking at state assistance programs .
This is where the Catch - 22 for lower middle class people comes in .
They were not financially stable enough to afford private insurance , and not poor enough for the government programs .
He was only eligible for assistance provided that he was 100 % blind from the cataracts and his income fell into the poverty threshold .
After he was blind and had no income , then we were able to qualify for Medicaid , Welfare , and Foodstamps .
He did receive his surgery and was able to work again , but in the meantime his small business since he was the sole owner / operator .
He decided to work under the table for the few customers he had remaining in order to avoid us kids losing our Medicaid , for if he officially started working full time and made too much , we would again be without insurance .
Flash forward to 1987 ( Reagans stock market crash year ) , my parents hated living off of welfare wanted to rejoin the ranks of lower middle class society .
After a period of unsuccessfully looking for a job that paid enough to support his family , my father decided that he would renew his business license and my mother would take a part time job to bring in extra money .
My father was only making a little money as he was in the position of rebuilding a customer base .
We were no longer eligible for government aid and no insurance , but they were behind on rent and had very little disposable income ( if any at all ) , so of course private insurance was not realistic .
I did not know it at the time , but in 1988 my mother started to have stomach problems .
She was trying to ease the pains with Tums and Alka - Seltzer .
My parents considered going to the doctor , but they did not know how they were going to pay for doctor ’s tests when they were a month late on rent , kids need school supplies , cars need repairs , and of course we needed to eat .
Why go another $ 200 or $ 300 hundred in debt for an upset stomach , right ?
You see , we do not let the government ration care in this country , we do it ourselves based on money .
Maybe that might have been a mistake once her stomach began swelling later that year .
Once they finally took her to the emergency room ( because of course that is where our nation ’s poor instead of getting a simple checkup .
Diagnosis : intestinal cancer that had grown along the walls on three feet worth of small intestine .
They were able to remove that , unfortunately , since they waited so long to seek medical care , some of the cells had spread to the liver ; iImmediate chemotherapy to follow .
By April of 1989 my father was a widower with a $ 40,000 medical bill and bankruptcy to follow .
My father was too shattered after that to work for fear that his kids would lose Medicaid and did not try to work until my youngest sibling turned 18 in 2000 .
I know that Rush Limbaugh and Glenn Beck would call a man like my father a " welfare bum " who was too lazy " pull himself up by his bootstraps . "
Even today I can see the broken dreams of a once promising small business owner when I am with him ( he is 58 and starting to show signs of dementia ) , one of countless lives altered so that Bill McGuireand his ilk can continue to rake in hundreds of millions in blood money ( li
terally ) .
Update : Write diaries .
I have been a lurker for so long and thanks to everyone who rec'd my second attempt at one .
There are so many talented diarists around here that I was shy about beginning to write them .
I only had 4 comments after posting this that I signed off and went to do errands only to find over 100 comments to go through .
Thankyou for everyone for sympathy , but this is not about personal heartbreak .
This is about the reality .
I encourage everyone who has posted there own stories in the comments to write a diary as MinistryOfTruth has requested .
Let our voices be heard .
Had to make a quick edit to change " right " to " write " in my previous update .
Sorry about that , but all changes are documented .
No sneaky stuff with me ; honesty is important .
ブランド品のかばんやファッションとしてこだわりのあるかばんでは、自分自身で金具の修理をするよりは専門業者に依頼することで、以前と同じように利用することが可能です。
ブランド品や高額のかばんでは、アフターサービスに対応していればそちらに依頼をしてみましょう。同じ金具を用意して修理をしてくれることになります。以前と同じような状態になるためとても満足することができるでしょう。
パソコンアフターサービスが利用できないときには、かばん修理対応業者などに依頼する方法があります。
インターネットのサイトでもかばん修理の専門業者を探すことが可能でしょう。近所に修理の専門業者がなくても全国で対応しているため安心して依頼することが可能です。サイトによっては、無料での見積もりや修理に対する価格を提示していることがあります。
納得できる価格であれば速やかに依頼することが早くかばんを利用できることになります。専門業者に依頼をしたときでも金具が以前と同じ物を用意できないときには、その部分の代替品を利用する方法ともう一つ方法があります。
それが、可能な場合にはすべての金具を取り替える方法です。この方法を採用すれば同じ金具を利用することになるので、修理した金具だけ異なるわけではありません。統一された金具を利用したいときにはこちらが良い選択です。
「 自分自身で修理する 」
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - President Barack Obama shrugged off a request by seven former CIA chiefs to end a probe into allegations of prisoner abuse , saying in an interview released on Sunday that “ nobody ’s above the law . ”
U.S. President Barack Obama speaks to staff during his visit to the CIA headquarters in Langley , Virginia , in this April 20 , 2009 file photo .
REUTERS / Jason Reed / Files
U.S. Attorney General Eric
Holder last month named a prosecutor to examine whether criminal charges should be filed filed against Central Intelligence Agency interrogators or contractors for going beyond approved interrogation methods .
A letter by the former CIA directors sent to Obama on Friday said the Justice Department ’s investigation would hamper operations and damage the willingness of intelligence officers to take risks to protect the country .
“ I appreciate the former CIA directors wanting to look after an institution that they helped to build , ” Obama said in an interview with the CBS television show “ Face the Nation . ”
“ But I continue to believe that nobody ’s above the law .
And I want to make sure that , as president of the United States , that I ’m not asserting in some way that my decisions overrule the decisions of prosecutors who are there to uphold the law , ” he said .
In a separate interview on CNN , Obama said , “ I do n’t want to start getting into the business of squelching , you know , investigations that are being conducted . ”
Obama noted he consistently has said he wanted to look forward , not backward , on problems that occurred under the Bush administration involving the use of harsh interrogation methods like waterboarding and sleep and food deprivation .
Bush - era officials , including former Vice President Dick Cheney , have defended their actions and said the interrogations yielded valuable intelligence .
Civil liberties groups have accused the Bush administration of using torture to coerce information from terrorism suspects in violation of U.S. and international law .
Obama said on CBS that Holder has to make a judgment about what happened .
“ My understanding is it ’s not a criminal investigation at this point .
They are simply investigating what took place , ” he said .
“ I do n’t want witch hunts taking place .
I ’ve also said , though , that the attorney general has a job to uphold the law . ”
The letter to Obama was signed by three CIA directors under President George W. Bush -- Michael Hayden , Porter Goss and George Tenet -- as well as by John Deutch , James Woolsey , William Webster and James Schlesinger , who dates to the Nixon administration .
The interviews were taped on Friday .
( Additional reporting by Jeremy Pelofsky ; Editing by Doina Chiacu )
Learning to taste whiskey properly will help you appreciate its complexity and nuances .
Start with a Chivas on the rocks — one of the finest blended Scotch whiskeys .
Product Reviews / Main Nibbles / Cocktails & Spirits
Whiskey 101
Learning To Appreciate the Wonders of Whiskey ( A.K.A .
Whisky )
CAPSULE REPORT : A true gastronome can be described as one fascinated by the roles food and drink play in culture .
While many foodies have familiarized themselves with the world of wine , the same cannot necessarily be said for the other “ W , ” whiskey .
Whiskey is an incredibly nuanced drink , full of flavors that are both subtle and complex at the same time .
Learning to taste it properly can open up a whole new world of enjoyment .
Here , we offer a “ crash course ” on the drink : what it is , where it came from , an explanation of the different types , a guide to tasting it and tips for throwing a whiskey - tasting party .
This is Page 1 of a seven - page article .
Click on the black links below to view the other pages .
Whiskey Overview
For the newcomer , beginning an exploration of whiskey can be daunting .
There is such a wealth of information on the subject , and yet , sadly , the knowledge most folks — even many foodies — have is limited to the “ highball ” and the “ whiskey sour . ”
Perhaps it comes down to reputation : given its potency , whiskey carries the stigma of being a hardcore drinker ’s drink .
While most everyone is vaguely familiar with the names Jameson and Jim Beam , many have no idea what constitutes a true whiskey , or how to distinguish one type from another .
They know little about its origins ( still a heated topic of debate , especially among the Scottish and Irish ) , the process by which it is made , the importance of region in regards to classification , or the character notes that distinguish one variety from the next .
For the most part , people have tended to relate to Eric Asimov ’s statement that whiskey always “ seemed merely a means to an intoxicating end . ”
While there may be some truth to some of the generalizations , the majority of these assumptions are false .
Having withstood the test of time and attracted a loyal following in the process , whiskey deserves to be thought of as more than just a nice mixer .
Jim Beam is a Bourbon , one of two American - born whiskeys .
The other is Tennessee whiskey ( such as Jack Daniel ’s ) , which is almost identical to Bourbon except that Tennessee whiskey is filtered through sugar maple charcoal , which provides a unique flavor and aroma .
Much to the delight of whiskey lovers , the tide finally seems to be turning .
Whiskey has become quite fashionable , with tastings popping up faster than brands of artisanal chocolate .
As with fine wines , more people are coming to see the creativity and innovation involved in detecting the distinct flavors and aromas in whiskey varietals .
Definition
Whiskey is a spirit made from a fermented mash of seed - fruit grains such as barley , rye or corn .
In more elaborate terms , it is an alcoholic distillate with a multitude of variations , distinguished by the types of grain used in the fermentation process as well as the distinct distillation and aging processes .
Regardless of the variety or country of origin , a general rule of thumb is that all straight whiskeys must be aged at least two years in wooden vessels , which are most often constructed of oak .
Having said this , it is important to note that each nation has its own rules and regulations about what constitutes a true whiskey .
( Find more terms and definitions in our Whiskey Glossary . )
Go To Page 2 : History Of Whiskey & Types Of Whiskey
Go To The Article Index Above
© Copyright 2005 - Lifestyle Direct , Inc .
All rights reserved .
Images are the copyright of their respective owners .
