( Nairobi ) - The Ethiopian government is waging a coordinated and sustained attack on political opponents , journalists , and rights activists ahead of the May 2010 elections , Human Rights Watch said in a report released today .
On May 23 , 2010 , Ethiopians will vote in the first parliamentary elections in Ethiopia since 2005 , when the post-election period was marred by controversy and bloodshed .
The 59 - page report , " ‘ One Hundred Ways of Putting Pressure ' : Violations of Freedom of Expression and Association in Ethiopia , " documents the myriad ways in which the ruling Ethiopian People 's Revolutionary Democratic Front ( EPRDF ) has systematically punished opposition supporters .
Since the 2005 polls , the party has used its near - total control of local and district administrations to undermine opponents ' livelihoods through withholding services such as agricultural inputs , micro-credit , and job opportunities .
The report also documents how recently enacted laws severely restrict the activities of civil society and the media .
" Expressing dissent is very dangerous in Ethiopia , " said Georgette Gagnon , Africa director at Human Rights Watch .
" The ruling party and the state are becoming one , and the government is using the full weight of its power to eliminate opposition and intimidate people into silence . "
Government repression has caused many civil society activists and journalists to flee the country in recent months .
The most prominent independent newspaper was closed in December 2009 and the government jammed Voice of America radio broadcasts last month .
Ethiopians are unable to speak freely , organize political activities , and challenge their government 's policies - whether through peaceful protest , voting , or publishing their views - without fear of reprisal .
In 2008 , the government arbitrarily imprisoned opposition leader Birtukan Midekssa , president of the Unity for Democracy and Justice Party .
Ethiopia is heavily dependent on foreign assistance , which accounts for approximately one - third of all government expenditures .
The country 's principal foreign donors - the World Bank , United States , United Kingdom , and European Union - have been very timid in their criticisms of Ethiopia 's deteriorating human rights situation , Human Rights Watch said .
For the report , Human Rights Watch interviewed more than 200 people during 15 weeks of research in Ethiopia , including farmers , teachers , civil servants , activists , opposition , and government officials , as well as foreign diplomats and aid officials in the capital , Addis Ababa , and in three other regions .
Since the April 2008 local elections in which the EPRDF won over 99.9 percent of the vote , the ruling party has consolidated its control over village and district administrations and ruled with an iron grip .
In the districts visited by Human Rights Watch , residents told how every village was organized into cells and local government officials , and militia monitored households for signs of dissent .
Local administrations withheld government services to punish those who criticized the government or did not support the ruling party .
Local government officials have considerable influence over the livelihoods of villagers : they are responsible for selecting and supervising participation in food - for - work programs , allocations of seeds and fertilizer , micro-credit loans , and for providing letters of reference for jobs , educational opportunities , and training .
Opposition parties claim that their memberships have been decimated because people have no option but to join the ruling party to protect their jobs and feed their families .
The government has also put pressure on all state employees - and especially teachers - to join the ruling party , and selectively punished critical voices .
It has used the draconian Charities and Societies Proclamation as well as the Anti-Terrorism law to intimidate civil society activists and journalists who have tried to report on state repression .
Human Rights
Watch calls on the Ethiopian government to take urgent steps to improve the electoral environment by immediately releasing all political prisoners , including Birtukan .
Human Rights
Watch also calls on the government to publicly order all officials and EPRDF members to cease attacks and threats against members of the political opposition , civil society , and the media ; and permit independent efforts , including by international electoral observers , to investigate and publicly report on abuses .
The European Union and the African Union are the only institutions considering sending international election observers to monitor the May elections .
Restrictions in the Charities and Societies Proclamation make independent election monitoring by Ethiopian organizations practically impossible .
Human Rights
Watch called on all international observers to take into account the pre-election repression when assessing the freedom and fairness of the polls .
" Ethiopia 's foreign backers should break their silence and condemn the climate of fear in Ethiopia , " said Gagnon .
" Donors should use their considerable financial leverage to press for an end to the harassment of the opposition and to oppressive laws on activists and the media . "
Selected Accounts from the Report
" You have to understand that at the grassroots level , everything is organized according to the EPRDF ideology , everything is organized and controlled by cells ; if you are opposition you are excluded [ from village life ] . "
- Teacher , Amhara region
" I am a member of the EPRDF , but I do support the opposition party .
Being a member does not mean anything .
I am a member of EPRDF because I need relief assistance ....
The list of receipts - the proof that I am paying my dues to the party - are required to get relief assistance .
I am paying because I do not want to be suppressed or ignored . "
- Ruling party member , Southern Nations , Nationalities and Peoples ' Region
" There is a significant element of self - censorship , there are many stories we cannot write , many things we can not say .
We are not told the red lines , we have to guess .
Their interpretation of terrorism [ in the anti-terrorism law ] is so broad that it is dangerous for us .
For example , if they label a particular political party a terrorist organization then we cannot write about them ....
Newspapers are not allowed to do polling or predict anything before the National Electoral Board has announced it . "
- Journalist , Addis Ababa
Language , Culture , and Pedagogy : An Overview of English in South Korea
Brendan Flattery
Copyright 2007
Introduction
Many discussions of the role of English in a particular country where it is not an official language or the first language to most of the population begin with a discussion of the language ’s global status as a lingua franca in our increasingly global society .
To fully realize this , however , it is important to examine how English is used in such countries , and what attitudes exist towards such uses .
In South Korea , an “ Expanding Circle ” country according to Kachru ’s model of concentric circles , English is not an official language nor is it a second language that has become important for institutional purposes of government even though English instruction in Korea has become a vast industry and all children currently receive a minimum of six years of English instruction .
There are many different and conflicted associations with English in South Korea , and there are different varieties and registers of English for different kinds of situations , spoken by people of different occupations , classes , age groups , etc .
This paper serves as an analysis of different attitudes towards the English language in South Korea and how they have changed , or not changed , historically .
As well , given how large the English language instruction industry has become in South Korea , this paper is an examination of teaching practices and approaches that are currently employed in the public school system , the site of mandatory English instruction .
The review of the literature on this subject reveals that a major goal of the Ministry of Education is the fostering of native - speaker proficiency , or as close to this as possible , via a method known as Communicative Language Teaching ( CLT ) .
However , since there has been difficulty with implementing this approach for a variety of reasons , this paper examines alternative suggestions for improving or moving beyond CLT methods for a particularly South Korean English as a Foreign Language ( EFL ) context , such as the teaching of cultural knowledge , the fostering of more critical awareness of the place that English holds in South Korea , and the consideration of Korean English or Konglish as a means to provide a greater understanding of Standard English ( SE ) .
A consideration of attitudes towards English in Korea is necessary to begin this overview , as they inform the goals and motivations for learning English and illustrate the ambivalence that exists towards it in South Korea society .
English in South Korea : Function and Attitudes
English has had a variety of functions in Korean society over the last century , and its development since the Korean War has been mainly the result of international trade , particularly with the US .
Therefore , SE norms have been given special emphasis due to the function of English used as a foreign or international language .
However , the actual use of English by the majority of Koreans reveals clear and regular deviations from SE .
There are many who learn English for specific purposes , such as for business , trade , academics etc. , but very few interact with native speakers , and amongst themselves they prefer to use a uniquely South Korean variety of English that is reinforced by the local media .
This illustrates a discrepancy between the goals of EFL teaching and the complex functions of English in modern - day South Korean society .
These complex functions are broadly divisible along the lines of nationalist vs. internationalist , for throughout the history of English use in Korea there have been conflicted associations with the language revolving around this dichotomy .
Samuel Gerald Collins ’s essay , “ ‘ Who ’s This Tong - il ? ’ : English , Culture , and Ambivalence in South Korea ” is a historical overview of attitudes towards English in South Korea , and illustrates the interplay between nationalist and internationalist ideas that have surrounded the use of English in South Korea over the last century .
From the beginning , the Koreans were wary of the English language .
This had to do with the fact that because Korea was the last East Asian country to have contact with the West it was able to witness the impact of western colonialism on its neighbours ( 419 ) .
The imperial court in Korea during this period actively persecuted those with western learning , a sign that they were initially wary of the West .
Initially , then anything associated with the West was met with nationalist and isolationist resistance .
By 1882 , however , the Koreans had signed a treaty with the United States ( US ) , fostering the arrival of missionaries , advisors , traders , and teachers who brought the English language with them and who soon began teaching it to Korean children via English only classes ( 419 -20 ) .
In the face of increased Japanese expansion , English became a site of resistance for Korean intellectuals hoping to further associate themselves with the Americans , and in 1896 a group calling themselves the Independence Club founded the first English language newspaper ( 420 ) .
During the period of Japanese rule in Korea , which began in 1910 , English was still taught as a mandatory subject , and the Japanese colonizers published annual reports in English on the ways they contributed to “ Korean life ” ( 420 ) .
In this period , then , English was simultaneously a means of disseminating propaganda and a cite of resistance to imperialism , and though the English language put Korea onto the map , so to speak , in an international setting , nationalists who opposed Japanese imperialism found a means to do so through the English language .
Following the Korean War , English use developed in South Korea because of international trade , especially trade with the US .
Collins notes that after the Korean War , English was used to communicate with the US military government and the soldiers , as the military government had need of people that could communicate in both languages ( 421 ) .
Thus the value of English was highly practical , but also opportunistic , and almost immediately had associations with prestige .
As trade flourished so did English instruction , and in the 1960 ’s , South Korean teachers were being trained to teach English .
By the 1970 ’s and 80 ’s the language was already associated with middle class and cosmopolitan values ( 423 ) .
After the 1988 Olympics , the government consciously associated English with globalization , both cultural and economic , and began actively promoting English language education to foster international competitiveness .
The Kim Young Sam administration sponsored this by initiating a program known as Segyehwa , a major component of which was the development of English instruction ( Yoo 6 ) .
English as a tool for international trade developed quickly over the last fifty years , and this is still the major impulse behind English instruction in South Korea .
Within South Korea , English is viewed as means to gain social prestige and economic success even though very few companies demand their employees pass English language tests ( Collins 424 ) .
English is also associated with progressive or liberal ideas , especially among the youth , but there is also a reaction to the spread of English in Korea that is closely related to nationalist sentiments .
Thus , even at home there is ambivalence towards whether English is an entirely positive or negative force in South Korean society .
Jamie Shinhee Lee , in 2 essays , tracks the use of English in pop-culture formats , such as television commercials and popular music , and she argues that English language use is associated with representations of youthful people , with youth culture in general and with values that reject traditional Korean ones .
Lee ’s first article on “ K - Pop ” or Korean popular music addresses kinds of English used by young artists in an expression of group identity and a resistance of “ mainstream norms and values ” ( “ Hybridizations ” 430 ) .
Lee notes a heterogeneity of both code- mixing and - switching between English and Korean , and a range of use from a single English word , to entire songs in English .
As well , artists change the varieties of English they use , from Korean English to standard American , and even incorporate elements of African American Vernacular English ( AAVE ) ( 430 ) .
In more elaborate uses of English , especially when it appears alongside Korean , there is a marked difference in content between the two languages , perhaps relating to censorship .
One general trend is how direct expressions of sexual desire are found exclusively in English , and Lee argues that such language would be unheard of in Korean love songs where romantic or sexual love is traditionally downplayed ( 436 ) .
The examples that Lee provides show more trends of antagonism towards traditional conservative values , with a definite contrast between the kinds of material found in English and Korean , particularly in a category Lee calls “ Assertion of struggle with unsettled identities ” ( 438 ) .
For example , in a song entitled “ Everything ” by Fly to the Sky , the artist expresses animosity towards his girlfriend because of her promiscuity , with lines such as “ Should ’ve known you was a hoe ” but in Korean he articulates a sense of patience and a desire for her to come back to him ( 438 - 9 ) .
This song is one of the examples that contain AAVE features , and many others contain specifically Korean features as well .
One singer mentions his use of Korean English directly , saying , “ You do n’t like my yenge palum ” before repeating the title which directs the addressed person to “ suck [ his ] dxxx ” ( 443 ) .
Yenge palum means “ English pronunciation , ” but the artist uses Korean to locate himself in a particular kind of Korean English , which he uses throughout his song ( 443 ) .
This is a clear example of a sense of group identity positioned in contrast to traditional values , and given the violent contrast between English and Korean language choices in these songs , it is certain that English is a means of associating oneself with a youth culture in opposition to a conservative or traditional norm .
The second article , “ Linguistic Constructions of Modernity : English Mixing in Korean Television Commercials , ” is a comparison of 720 advertisements in prime time weekend spots , ostensibly when the largest number of people would be watching , shown on the three major networks ( “ Constructions 68 ) .
Of these 720 commercials , 603 had some mixed English and only 117 were in Korean only .
The vast majority of the English - mixed commercials ( abbrev. EM ) , contain both spoken and written English ( 71 ) .
The most striking feature of this analysis is the differences in identity association in the two types of commercials .
In Korean - only ads ( abbrev. KO ) , one finds character types such as “ old grandmothers , middle - aged salarymen , well - established older businessmen , and a group of Koreans depicted with a distinct Korean national identity ( e.g. with the national flag ) ” ( 73 ) .
Importantly , whenever the nation is mentioned as a whole , for instance in public service announcements by the government , these commercials are strictly KO ( 73 ) .
By contrast , EM commercials contain spokespeople or characters such as “ rebellious teenagers , college students with an unconventional mindset , young , stylish career women , Misicok , self - reliant elementary school children , fun-loving , young male office workers , and looks - conscious young ‘ metrosexuals ’ ” ( 74 ) .
The rest of the article deals with specific situations and products associated with these character types , adding to the association between English code - mixing and a youth culture related to ideas of what it means to be “ modern ” in Korea ( 70 ) .
Lee is not alone in drawing connections between English and modernity , but she provides good examples of how that connection is made in popular media .
There are many who are against the spread of English in South Korea who believe that the Korean language and national identity are at risk , and thus reject proposals that English should gain official status in Korea .
One memorable example that sparked a great deal of response occurred when a popular music star , known as J , asked “ Who ’s this Tong - il ? ” on television , completely unaware that Tong - il refers to the reunification of North and South Korea ( Collins 426 ) .
Needless to say , there was a negative reaction to this , and many began to fear that the youth in Korea are losing their cultural heritage .
Since then , there has been an increase in situations on television shows that criticize characters who use two much English , for example a character on one show that excessively drops the names of American stars into conversations ( 426 ) .
Therefore , English is accepted and valued as a means of establishing South Korea on a global market , but there is a reaction against using too much English as though doing so would corrupt Korean values .
Yoo ’s essay concerns the debate over English as an Official Language in South Korea , and illustrates that the issue is hotly contested and is centered on the nationalism vs. globalization argument ( 8 - 9 ) .
Therefore , English in South Korea is a complicated notion , surrounded by conflict and debate at the least even though few would likely argue against its necessity for South Korea ’s rapidly expanding economy .
English in the South Korean Classroom
English is taught and studied in a variety of ways in South Korea , in public and private schools , or through take - home work sheets and private tutoring , and the motivations for learning it have mostly to do with the above ideas of modernization and globalization .
Jun-Kang Kim did a study for a dissertation entitled Globalization and English Language Education in Korea : Socialization and Identity Construction of Korean Youth and found that the majority of high school and university level English students that were interviewed believed they felt an impact from globalization and thus believed English to be necessary for finishing their educations and achieving success afterwards .
Kim argues that , “ [t ] he students seemed to conceive [ of ]
English not just a necessary tool , but and end , which will make their dreams come true ” ( 74 ) .
The insistence on the use of English for international purposes indicates perhaps why SE norms would be privileged in classroom settings , and by the speakers themselves and , and the South Korean Ministry of Education has been doing their best to foster native speaker proficiency among EFL students .
Seon - hwa Eun , in a dissertation entitled Contextual autonomy in EFL classrooms : A critical review of English teaching methods in South Korea ( 2001 ) , shows that the education curriculum announced in 1992 clearly states that CLT should replace the earlier audio - lingual method used in middle schools , and the grammar translation method used in high schools ( 54 ) .
With the 1997 curriculum primary school students began EFL instruction based on CLT models as well ( 54 ) .
Therefore , it is necessary to discuss CLT methods and their implementation of them in EFL classrooms .
CLT in Theory : the Public School Curriculum in South Korea
Hyun Jung Kim in her dissertation entitled A Case Study of Curriculum and Material Evaluation : Elementary English as a Foreign Language in South Korea defines CLT as consisting of the following characteristics .
There is a focus on meaning over form , content and function over grammatical complexity , fluency over accuracy ( though there is still a place for accuracy ) , student - centered learning that emphasizes active participation and interaction rather than teacher - centered directive learning , communicative competence , authenticity of speech , and the teaching of cultural knowledge ( 4 ) .
Kim cites Larsen - Freeman who qualifies “ authentic speech ” as “ language used in real life situations by native speakers , ” thus containing realistic or “ genuine ” communicative situations ( 4 ) .
Communicative competence , according to Hymes is “ what a learner needs to know in order to be communicatively competent in a speech community ” and according to Canale and Swain consists of grammatical competence , sociolinguistic competence , and strategic competence ( ctd. in H. Kim 6 ) .
Thus CLT uses methods that encourage active participation and interaction with the main goal being native speaker proficiency .
Hyun Jung Kim studied the sixth and seventh curricula of South Korea ( 1997 and 2001 ) , with specific attention to Primary School EFL instruction ( 3rd to 6th grades , ages 9 - 12 ) , and found that while the curricula clearly state goals of implementing specific CLT practices , they fall short of providing examples and textbook materials on how to encourage communicative competence .
In the sixth curriculum , H. J. Kim found objectives such as the encouragement of interest and confidence with English , an understanding of basic English used in everyday life , and the ability to express basic ideas in English ( 26 ) .
A secondary goal in the curriculum is the learning of culture , as it recognizes that language and culture are inseparable .
This is strongly emphasized in the sixth curriculum of 1997 ( 26 ) .
The idea is that if students are taught customs of native English speakers they will become more aware of their cultures , “ develop more positive attitudes towards English speakers , and recognize the differences in language and culture between Korea and English speaking countries ” ( 26 ) .
The seventh curriculum of 2001 is similar in essence to the sixth for third and fourth grade students , though slightly less intensive for grade six .
The main goals of the seventh curriculum are to provide communicative competence , “ to accept foreign culture with a positive attitude ” and to compare English and Korean culture , to reinforce Korean values in contrast to foreign ones ( 31 - 2 ) .
This last point especially illustrates fears in the government of Korean culture suffering from the expansion of English instruction .
Generally , both curricula place emphasis on communicative activities , and though this is more emphasized in the seventh , there are no new examples of what activities to use or suggestions for putting such activities into practice ( 35 ) .
One key difference of the seventh curriculum is that the teaching of culture is a main goal , not a secondary goal as it was in the sixth ( 36 ) .
Therefore , the South Korean Ministry of Education states what specific CLT methods they want implemented in classrooms , but as the next section will show , there have been issues with these goals .
CLT in Practice : Teachers ’ Difficulties with Implementing CLT Methods
There are quite a few studies concerning CLT methodologies in South Korea and the problems with implementation of these methods among South Korean teachers .
Broadly , many agree with using CLT in their classrooms in principle , but either disagree with certain practices such as learner - centered approaches , or do not have the resources , such as authentic materials , to implement them .
Seon - hwa
Eun found by interviewing teachers , that most had trouble understanding the nature of CLT ( 129 ) .
They also had trouble implementing it in their classrooms and thought that CLT was not entirely appropriate for their classroom settings ( 170 ) .
Generally speaking , the main problems with implementing a CLT approach are as follows .
First of all , there is a lack of implementation of all CLT concepts , such as a focus on listening and reading skills over speaking .
As Seonghee Choi notes in a dissertation entitled Teaching English as a Foreign Language in Korean Middle Schools : Exploration of Communicative Language Teaching through Teacher ’s Beliefs and Self - Reported Classroom Teaching Practices ( 1999 ) , teachers report that they focus on reading , listening skills , and grammar more than speaking , strategies for communication , socio-cultural knowledge and writing skills ( 64 ) .
H. J. Kim analyzed approved textbooks and finds that in both curricula there is material encouraging interest and confidence with learning and using expressions commonly found in every day life , yet listening is more emphasized than speaking and the speaking activities are not designed for real communication or interaction , requiring students instead to repeat phrases verbatim rather than think critically about what they hear ( 43 ) .
Eun also notes that tests emphasize reading and listening first , and speaking and cultural knowledge last ( 85 ) .
As well , they reported little use of authentic materials , videos , computers , overhead projectors , and learner - centered activities ( Eun 85 ) .
Eun also notes many problems with implementing CLT in South Korea , due to teachers ’ lack of proficiency in spoken English , large class sizes , a resistance among learners to active participation , and a lack of CLT training for teachers ( 32 ) .
Other main sources of difficulty include a lack of understanding and an uncritical adoption of CLT ( Li , Gethin , and Thompson ctd. in Eun 32 - 3 ) .
Also , there is a lack of student interaction and student - oriented activities , with a continued emphasis on teacher - oriented and directive methods , and as Seon - hwa Eun notes in her study , teacher ’s and students alike seem to resist student - centered approaches ( 32 ) .
Seonghee Choi notes that teachers are far more likely to use drill activities , and other teacher - centered methods are primarily used compared to student - oriented ones , such as more interaction between students ( 65 ) .
H. J. Kim also finds that in the Ministry approved textbooks there is no material designed for small group activities and that in the seventh curriculum textbooks there are even less opportunities for students to communicate with each other ( 43 - 44 ) .
Another point that Choi mentions is that a major consideration for students is university entrance exams , which still place an emphasis on reading and grammar translation , rather than on communicative competence ( 64 ) , therefore this “ wash - back ” effect may be affecting how English is learned and taught .
Finally , many studies find the continued privileging of native speaker norms combined with a lack of cultural or situational contexts that would reveal how and when students should use different varieties or registers of English .
According to H. J. Kim , in the Ministry approved textbooks there are no topics on culture whatsoever ( 43 ) , and Choi notes that many teachers do not teach cultural knowledge in classrooms , despite the fact that it is a major goal of the curriculum ( 85 ) .
As well , Hagens found that South Korean teachers find that Konglish , or Korean English , to be inappropriate for the classroom , and teach that it is incorrect even though , as I will discuss further down , many are beginning to believe that teaching Konglish might help students learn standard forms of English .
The subjects of culture and Konglish need further discussion and investigation , so those will be the focus of the remaining sections of this study .
Beyond CLT : Suggestions for Improving Communicative Competence in a South Korean Context
Most of the objections about CLT in South Korea surround its applicability to a specifically South Korean EFL context .
Some would argue that CLT is grounded in Western ideology and needs to be reevaluated for non-Western settings , while others believe it is unsuitable because it was originally designed for ESL learning rather than EFL .
Still others take issue with the privileging of native speaker norms and suggest the use of local varieties of English in classrooms to foster a greater understanding of different varieties of English in different contexts .
Yuko Goto Butler in an essay entitled “ Comparative Perspectives towards Communicative Activities among Elementary School Teachers in South Korea , Japan and Taiwan ” questions what constitutes ‘ teaching for communicative purposes ’ in an EFL context ( 435 ) .
Butler argues that a cultural context is necessary before “ more authentic ” communication can even take place .
Other salient problems that Butler raises involve the nature of authenticity in a place where English is not spoken as a first language by more than a very small percentage of the population , and what constitutes authentic international use of English .
Butler also argues that “ ‘ teaching for communicative purposes ’ remains ambiguous ” in international EFL contexts ( 442 ) , and concludes by arguing that CLT must be reevaluated .
It is then valuable to examine theories regarding the teaching of cultural knowledge and the examination of CLT for different socio-cultural contexts .
The Teaching of Culture and the Consideration of Specific Cultural Contexts
Most of these theorists and the Ministry of Education recognize that language and culture are inseparable , and Hyun Jung Kim also shows how teaching cultural awareness in a comparative sense is a major if neglected feature of the most recent curriculum .
Perhaps the lack of cultural teaching in Korea is a major problem in the inability to fully realize communicative methodologies .
Jean Kim , in “ Teaching Culture in the English as Foreign Language Classroom ” argues that culture should be a major focus of language teaching and lays out problems as well as suggestions for teaching culture effectively , though she does so in general terms not specific to any country in particular .
Jean Kim notes specifically a need for teachers to be aware of their own beliefs about culture to avoid making generalizations or stereotypes ( 29 ) , and she promotes a critical discussion of culture in classrooms to allow students and teachers to discuss their preconceptions and to think more critically about both their own culture and that of the target language they are studying ( 30 - 1 ) .
Kim has looked at many theories discussing culture , and possible ways to do so in a critical way , such as directly illustrating instances of cultural misunderstanding in relation to miscommunication via handouts , videos , discussions and tests that will allow both students and teachers to compare their culture with the target culture ( 33 - 4 ) .
This kind of method would encourage learning about an English speaking culture , but also learning about one ’s native culture as well and for an EFL classroom could be tailored to include the cultural attitudes towards the use of English .
Seon - hwa Eun proposes that CLT methods are the product of western ideologies towards language teaching , and need to be re-evaluated in non-western countries , particularly in EFL situations .
Eun agrees with Butler that CLT methods need to consider the local contexts in which language learning takes place , because language and language learning are inseparable from context ( 31 ) .
Eun also suggests a new kind of methodology that is embedded within a particular local context , or socio-cultural framework .
The main way to do this , according to Eun , is to empower teachers to adopt and adapt methodologies that work in classroom settings , by practicing different methods to see what promotes effective teaching and learning ( 57 - 8 ) .
In particular Eun concludes by suggesting a need for critical cultural awareness on the part of teachers when suggesting methodologies for teaching .
Ok Kyoon
Yoo also mentions a similar argument in her essay stating that if the students are also more aware of the language policies that govern their educations it might have positive results .
Yoo writes :
Here , a big challenge is presented to English education in relation to a language policy : a pedagogical need to help students take up their subject positions among competing discourses on English - related language policies that will affect them , while improving English proficiency at the same time ( 29 ) .
Therefore , in addition to teaching more specific knowledge about different cultures in EFL classrooms many argue about raising awareness to the cultural implications embedded within teaching practices so that students and teachers alike become more aware of what is influencing their teaching / learning of the English language .
The Question of Konglish
An important issue related to culture is the issue of Korean English , or Konglish as it is pejoratively known .
Konglish is the local variety of English in Korea with its own regular set of phonological , syntactic , lexical and semantic features .
It is used a great deal in the media , as indicated by Lee ’s articles above on code - switching / mixing , but also in newspapers and printed advertisements .
There are articles that define salient features of Konglish , such as Kent ’s “ Speaking in Tongues : Chinglish , Japlish and Konglish ” but there is little research done on the official status of Konglish .
Despite the fact that it may be used on a large scale in the media and in everyday life , and that there is even evidence of some acceptance towards Konglish , there is still resistance towards the use of it in classrooms .
However , some would argue that it is already being codified and that it could have direct pedagogical value in an EFL classroom .
One problem is that South Korean EFL teachers and students still have negative opinions about the variety of English they speak .
Hagens ’s dissertation , entitled Attitudes toward Konglish of South Korean teachers of English in the Province of Jeollanamdo is a study of South Korean EFL teachers perspectives on Konglish , and while most of them agree that Konlgish is a legitimate variety of English they would not use it in classroom setting and they still teach that it is incorrect .
Hagens , a Canadian with experience teaching in South Korea , notes that English is rarely spoken in the classroom , and if there is any mention of Konglish among students or South Korean teachers , it is followed by general laughter and in some cases a sense of embarrassment ( 3 ) .
Kirkpatrick writes that a standard native speaker variety is impossible for students to learn without immersion and that teachers , presumably indigenous ones , “ will inevitably feel their own variety is inferior to the superimposed model ” ( 74 ) .
Also , in South Korea , Hagens feels that native speakers are regarded as superior , and that South Korean teachers will defer to native - speakers , even though they are more likely to have better training as teachers ( 5 ) .
This is another major feature of Kirkpatrick ’s summary of the effects of native - speaker models of English teaching , specifically in how the “ insistence on a native - speaker norm diminishes local teachers of English and undermines their self - confidence and self - respect ” and how this can lead to the ignorance of the advantages these people can “ bring as teachers ” ( 75 ) .
First , when asked to define Konglish , they hesitated and had to think about it , suggesting to Hagens that there is no “ standard definition that they perceived to be universally accepted ” ( 40 ) .
Generally , they all believed it was unique from SE , and the majority of them even thought it was a legitimate variety rather than a corruption .
Only 26 % of the teachers Hagens interviewed thought it was “ bad English , ” but 83 % thought that they should teach that Konglish is incorrect .
Only 37 % of them thought it should be taught in schools ( 44 ) .
There are many reasons why Standard American English would be preferred in South Korea , according to Kirkpatrick ’s summary , but a major factor is the attitudes of students and teachers , whether native - speakers or South Korean .
Despite the attitudes towards it , there is evidence that a Korean form of English is already being taught in EFL classrooms and that codification has taken place even before any recognition of legitimacy .
Rosa Jinyoung Shim , in her essay , “ Codified Korean English : Process , Characteristics , and Consequence ” shows that forms of Korean English exist in textbooks already , contrary to the opinions or expectations of many South Koreans .
Shim notes that it is significant that “ people all over the world believe that American English is being taught in [ Korean ] schools ” ( 250 ) , suggesting that there is little to no external legitimacy given to Korean English .
Additionally , Shim notes that within Korea , “ most educated Koreans ” wrongly believe that certain features of Korean English are , in fact , “ identical to American English ” ( 248 ) , which illustrates a possible unwillingness to even recognize any legitimacy of Korean English among the educated classes .
Shim also comments on the freedom given to English teachers in public schools over which varieties they can teach , but mostly in reference to British or American standards ( Choe ctd. in Shim 247 ) .
The fact that “ educational codification of Korean English has occurred and codified Korean English has firmly taken root ” ( Shim 249 ) , means that teachers have recognized a practical need to teach Korean English , likely because the children in schools are speaking it and using it , though without any recognition of legitimacy by the more educated speakers of English due to the fact that there is little attention given to this codification ; however , given the negative attitudes of teachers towards Konglish in studies such as Hagens ’s , this statement of Shim ’s could be mistaken .
There is more evidence to support the fact that Konglish has received some limited codification without such official or pedagogical recognition .
Kent has shown that Konglish is a written vernacular and that a “ significant amount of Konglish lexis is used in the Korean language ” ( Kent ctd. in Hagens 28 ) .
As well , many English words are borrowed into Korean and listed in dictionaries , but these are treated as new loanwords , not code - switching ( Robertson ctd in Hagens 11 ) .
This fits with an attitude that is willing to admit and recognize the influence of English on Korean , but not on an interference variety of English that combines the two languages .
Hagens also notes that there is confusion and difficulty among South Korean English teachers about distinguishing between Konglish and SE , and that this is a source of self - consciousness for them ( 43 ) .
This correlates with Shim ’s findings that even educated Korean speakers of English believe that constructions unique to Korean English are thought of as Standard constructions ( 248 ) .
As Kirkpatrick notes , a major reason that Standard native - speakers models are used is because they are codified and have a history ( 72 , 75 ) , and despite the limited form of codification of Korean English in textbooks that Shim notes , there are no dictionaries or grammars that recognize the legitimacy of it .
Despite this lack of recognition , many believe that using Konglish would be highly beneficial in an EFL classroom .
In his article “ Speaking in Tongues : Chinglish , Japlish , and Konglish ” Kent suggests that using Konglish in a classroom setting would help students understand the differences between Konglish and SE , though he still tends to regard SE as “ correct ” and Konglish as “ incorrect ” ( 203 - 4 ) .
Kent describes the major kinds of loanwords , hybrids or truncations commonly found in Konglish and suggests ways of illustrating the differences between them and the SE forms from which they derive ( 204 ) .
Specific advantages of this approach include the fact that the students do not need to relearn the lexis of their local variety , and can use the linguistic set they already know as a basis for learning SE as well ( 204 ) .
This could help students develop more understanding of both their local variety and SE , and could even intersect with the teaching of cultural knowledge as mentioned above .
Konglish could be a means of helping students become critically aware of how English is used in South Korea , what attitudes towards it exist , or when it is acceptable to use different varieties or registers of English .
Therefore , the teaching of Konglish in a metalinguistic framework could promote a greater understanding of the role of English in Korea and in each student ’s life more generally .
Conclusions
In conclusion , many people regard English as valuable if not necessary for their financial / economic survival in South Korea , though many are worried about the negative impacts it is having on their national identity .
Additionally , many see CLT methods for teaching communicative competence as overly western and inappropriate for a South Korean socio-cultural context .
These critics believe that this is a major reason why CLT methods have failed to take hold in EFL classrooms , and thus argue that they need to be adapted .
Others argue that there needs to be more cultural knowledge taught in classrooms , as the Ministry of Education states in the curriculum .
As Kent argues , Konglish should also considered as means of teaching SE forms to students or of illustrating to students what kinds of English use are appropriate in different social settings .
A major factor that has received little focus is the opinions of South Korean EFL teachers , for many reject certain aspects of CLT and others believe that Konglish has no place in a classroom .
Therefore , many of the above theories need require testing and examination to see how applicable they are in particular situations .
This area of study is fascinating and has a great deal of potential for further research , mostly due to the fact that very little published material is available at this point , and hopefully this report provides an overview of what kinds of material exists about the functions of , attitudes towards and teaching approaches of English in South Korea .
Works Consulted
Butler , Yuko Goto .
“ Comparative Perspectives towards Communicative Activities among Elementary School Teachers in South Korea , Japan and Taiwan . ” Language Teaching Research 9 ( 2004 ) : 423-446 .
Choi , Seonghee .
Teaching English as a Foreign Language in Korean Middle Schools : Exploration of Communicative Language Teaching through Teacher ’s Beliefs and Self - Reported Classroom Teaching Practices .
Diss .
Ohio State U , 1999 .
Ann Arbor : UMI , 1999 .
AAT 9941302 .
Collins , Samuel Gerald .
“ ‘ Who ’s This Tong - il ? ’ : English , Culture , and Ambivalence in South Korea . ” Changing English 12 ( 2005 ) : 417-29 .
Eun , Seon - hwa .
Contextual autonomy in EFL classrooms : A critical review of English teaching methods in South Korea .
Diss .
Ohio State U , 2001 .
Ann Arbor : UMI , 2001 .
AAT 3031198 .
Hagens , Sheilagh A. Attitudes toward Konglish of South Korean teachers of English in the Province of Jeollanamdo .
Diss .
Brock U , Can. , 2005 .
Ann Arbor : UMI , 2005 .
AAT MR10725 .
Kent , D. B. “ Speaking in Tongues : Chinglish , Japlish , and Konglish . ” KOTESOL .
1999 Conference Proceedings .
28 Jan. 2005 . 30 Oct. 2006 .
< http://www.kotesol.org/publications/proceedings/1999/abs_197kent.shtml>.
Kim , Hyun Jung .
A Case Study of Curriculum and Material Evaluation : Elementary English as a Foreign Language in South Korea .
Diss .
McGill U , Can. , 2001 .
Ann Arbor : UMI , 2001 .
AAT MQ75236 .
Kim , Jean .
“ Teaching Culture in the English as Foreign Language Classroom . ” Korea TESOL Journal .
5.1 ( 2002 ) : 28 -40 .
Kim , Jung - Kang .
Globalization and English Language Education in Korea : Socialization and Identity Construction of Korean Youth .
Diss .
New Mexico State U , 2002 .
Ann Arbor : UMI , 2002 .
AAT 3053643 .
Kirpatrick , Andy .
“ Which Model of English : Native - Speaker , Nativized , or Lingua Franca ? ” English in the World : Global Rules , Global Roles .
Ed. Rani Rudby and Mario Saraceni .
New York : Continuum , 2006 .
71-83 .
Lee , Jamie Shinhee .
“ Linguistic Constructions of Modernity : English Mixing in Korean Television Commercials . ”
Language in Society 35.1 ( 2006 ) : 59 -91 .
---.“ Linguistic Hybridizations in K - Pop : Discourse of Self - Assertion and Resistance . ” World Englishes 23 ( 2004 ) : 429-50 .
Park , So Jin and Nancy Abelmann .
“ Class and Cosmopolitan Striving : Mother ’s Management of English Education in South Korea . ” Anthropological Quarterly 77 ( 2004 ) : 645-72 .
Shim , Rosa Jinyoung , “ Codified Korean English : Process , Characteristics , and Consequence . ” World Englishes 18 ( 1999 ) : 247-58 .
Yoo , Ok Kyoon .
“ Discourses of English as an Official Language in a Monolingual Society : the Case of South Korea . ” Google Scholar .
Simwo Middle School . 10 Nov. 2006 .
< http://scholar.google.com/scholar?hl=en&lr=&q=cache:brUY1wxNROYJ:www.hawaii.edu/sls/uhwpesl/23(2)/5%2520Yoo,%2520Ok%2520Kyoon.doc+ok+kyoon+yoo>.
Kommentar Bundeshaushalt : Kalimera , Herr Schäuble !
Griechenland scheint derzeit ein wirkliches Problem der Finanzpolitiker Deutschlands zu sein .
Doch Finanzminister Schäuble wird schneller zum Griechen , als allen lieb sein kann .
Griechenland scheint derzeit ein wirkliches Problem der Finanzpolitiker Deutschlands zu sein .
Kein Tag ohne Statements , Politiker der FDP und der CDU fühlen sich sogar bemüßigt , der griechischen Regierung einen noch härteren Sparkurs zu empfehlen , als sie eh schon einschlägt - die griechischen Inseln etwa könne man doch teilweise verkaufen , so der Rat .
Solche Äußerungen können bestenfalls als plumpe Ablenkungsmanöver verbucht werden .
Denn eben dieser
Tage geht der Bundeshaushalt 2010 durch das Parlament .
Und dieser Haushalt hat wahrlich griechische Proportionen .
Das gilt sowohl für die Höhe der Schulden als auch für die Kreativität der Buchhaltung .
Die Details sind wie immer kompliziert : Die Höhe der neuen Schulden liegt bei 86 bis 130 Milliarden Euro , je nachdem , ob die Regierung oder die Opposition rechnet .
Etwas weniger als die Hälfte des Bundeshaushaltes von gut 325 Milliarden wird also über Kredite finanziert .
Schlimmer dürften es auch die Griechen in keinem Jahr getrieben haben .
Wie kommen wir armen Deutschen da raus ?
Panik ist nicht angesagt : die Wirtschaft in Deutschland ist zehnmal größer als die griechische , mehrere Billionen Euro Vermögen sind im Lande verteilt .
Wir bleiben also noch lange kreditfähig .
Aber auf Dauer muss die Bundesregierung neue Mittel gegen das Defizit erschließen , das ist klar - und deswegen wird es hier ideologisch .
Weder Union noch FDP wollen nämlich an die großen Vermögen ran ; und so steuern sie genau auf die griechischen Verhältnisse zu , die sie anprangern - und da hilft dann nur Konsumsteuern für alle anheben und bei den Ausgaben drastisch sparen .
Finanzminister Schäuble wird mit dem bisherigen Kurs schneller ein Grieche , als allen lieb sein kann .
March 12 , 2010
In 1991 , while monitoring a space shuttle mission , in the secret Mission Control Center at the Kennedy Space Center , I was flabbergasted to observe an entity that was eight to nine feet in height in the open Space Shuttle Pay Load Bay while it was in earth orbit .
by Clark McClelland
Since age 12 , I have studied the extraterrestrial star races that are visiting earth .
How can I say that with conviction ??
Read on .
My career has been dedicated to the study of astronomy and space exploration at Cape Canaveral and the Kennedy Space Center , Florida , from 1958 to 1992 .
I graduated from a small technical college , Western Pennsylvania Institute of Technology .
It does not exist any longer .
Students now attend , Carnegie - Mellon University .
My major was structural design engineering .
I graduated with a 4.0 Grade Point Average .
When I initially arrived at Cape Canaveral , I was in demand .
It was during the early space race with the USSR and the Cape seriously needed structural designers .
My career grew with greater responsibilities .
I assisted in launching the ABMA ( Army Ballistic Missile Agency ) Jupiter C , Juno ll , and went on to the USAF Atlas , Titan , Minuteman , Thor , US Navy Polaris , Poseidon , Vanguard , NASA Saturn l , Saturn V , etc .
I helped to design the rocket launchers and service towers working periodically with Dr. Wernher von Braun and his group of scientists during his many visits .
I have witnessed or assisted in launching 668 missions .
My final assignment was as a Space Shuttle Fleet , Space craft Operator ( ScO ) .
Mission astronauts said that ScO's knew the space shuttles better than the flight crews .
We spent 12 or more hours a day inside them 6 to 7 days a week .
Some called us GTA's , Ground Test Astronauts .
It was a fitting title .
THE INCIDENT
In 1991 , while monitoring a space shuttle mission , in the secret Mission Control Center , at the Kennedy Space Center , I was flabbergasted to observe an entity that was eight to nine feet in height in the open Space Shuttle Pay Load Bay while it was in earth orbit .
The entity was very tall , much taller than the two NASA astronauts floating near it .
I could estimate the height due to being familiar with the sizes of the interior of the Pay Load Bay of the shuttle .
I was not able to view all facial features , other than thinking I recognized two eyes , a nose and since it had a large helmet on , nothing else was evident .
It was in a body tight type uniform space suit .
I saw it at a distance on a 27 inch TV monitor .
It appeared that the NASA astronauts were familiar with the entity .
The entity appeared to be communicating with the two NASA astronauts .
There was some NASA commentary , from the Houston Space Center , but there was no mention of the entity .
Following a few statements , the audio discontinued , and I cannot recall if I heard any other comments .
I was in a secret monitoring office , and it may have been their mistake in Houston Mission Control to allow my monitor to view that incident .
I can not say anything else other than that .
It suddenly was on one of my several monitors .
I had several to observe various shuttle operations while in progress .
I also observed many UFOs flying near the shuttle on many missions .
the STS - 48 , the famous shuttle missions when we took several " shots " at escaping UFOs , I was on duty for that amazing incident .
NASA said it was ice crystals .
SURE IT WAS !
I have a POT LOAD of other data .
No one will publish it .
Why ?
Because they KNOW I KNOW the TRUTH .
Hell , Buzz Aldrin knows a lot more .
That makes me believe WE ARE an ENSLAVED SPECIES on earth .
SPACECRAFT
A large , strange , unknown spacecraft was safely in orbit behind the shuttle .
It appeared as a somewhat short - winged object and did not appear to have been used as a spacecraft for traveling stellar distances .
It appeared to be too small for that and probably would not be capable of deep space flight other than on board another more sophisticated carrier craft designed to be used for deep space flight I witnessed this astounding event for a total of one minute and seven seconds by keeping the lapsed time on my astronaut watch .
I am an expert in recording such unique activities .
I wrote a detailed report .
The report was not forwarded to the NASA mission launch director .
I had no witnesses , and had I made an " official " report ; which I did not , it may have caused me job difficulties .
Although it still seemed it may have because what I monitor is also secretly viewed by NASA mission Control in Houston , Texas , so they apparently knew I was seeing this tall entity interact with NASA astronauts without being officially assigned to view it .
Later , an expert graphic artist was able to exactly create this observation of this occurrence for my website at URL : http://www.stargate- chronicles.com
Open it and go to the link on the web site that has the name , NASA Astronaut / Dr. Edgar Mitchell mentioned .
Then visit the link : " Incidents " for more revelations and disclosures by Dr. Wernher von Braun , former Senator Barry Goldwater , and other disclosures that are probably unknown to you .
About two months following my incident , I was informed of another report by another aerospace engineer .
This person was also involved in the launching of space shuttles .
This shuttle engineer observed a similar entity , eight to nine feet tall , INSIDE the space shuttle crew compartment as it orbited earth .
Yes , inside the shuttle !
It was slouched over to protect its head from hitting the shuttle overhead structure .
Again , it was communicating with two much smaller NASA astronauts .
Neither the United States Space Program nor any other foreign Space Program known on earth constructs their spacecrafts to accommodate such physically large entities .
REPERCUSSIONS
A few months following my experience , I was summoned to a NASA office .
I was earlier told that I was being reassigned to the NASA Astronauts office for other responsibilities .
The shock was the summons was not for an upgrade in my position , but rather a bogus charge that had me fired after so many years in service .
The committee said I had not listed a past address of a residence where I had lived on my original application .
It was a minor error , if that .
I returned the next day with a Xerox copy of my original employment application showing that in fact the past address in question had been added .
They would not take it into consideration .
A kangaroo court had heard my case and denied me my job , health benefits and retirement .
Please , God , BLESS America .
I have lived in poverty since that decision was made .
After , you are fired from NASA no one will hire you .
People of earth , the human race are absolutely NOT ALONE in our Milky Way Galaxy and NOT in the vastness of the Universe .
During my numerous years in astronomical science and aerospace exploration , it is very obvious that the human race is controlled by an evil higher shadow government .
It is powerful enough that it can override various national political decisions , keep us all in a condition of global slavery and total economic control .
Are you aware of the decline we are presently experiencing ?
The ancient Bible talks about Giants mating with earth women .
Giants are included in all of earth history .
Are they still with us ??
The giants we both observed ?
Please open my website at URL : http://www.stargate- chronicles.com
I would like to thank Dr. Henry Makow for his courage in having my report delivered to all of you .
Few people have offered such assistance .
I offer my genuine gratitude for his allowing this to be published through his website .
Clark C. McClelland , former ScO , in the soon to be , former , Space Shuttle Fleet , Kennedy Space Center , Florida
Today , everyone carry around a camera .
Everyone can take a picture of something amazing , funny , disturbing or weird .
Of course , these things can happen everywhere .
But , we must admit , the metro is certainly the best place in the world to take that kind of pictures .
Here are some of the best shot I ’ve seen on the web .
I hope you enjoy them .
Voici toute une série de photos trouvées sur le net et prises exclusivement dans le métro .
Le monde s’engouffre dans les rames , la vie défile devant les yeux de celui qui sait observer .
Le voyageur devient alors spectateur de la vie des autres .
Une autre bonne raison de prendre les transports en commun .
via [ AmusingPlanet ]
Related posts :
The lazy state monad does n’t work the way you think it works .
Thinking of the lazy state monad in terms of imperative programming is a very useful first approximation , at least in terms of what is computed , but in terms how things are computed this intuition is beyond useless .
I hope to dissuade you of the latter part of the intuition in this post , by demonstrating two of the more interesting things that can be done with the lazy state monad .
Albert Y.C. Lai recently shared a program that demonstrates the lazy state monad in a rather interesting way :
pro :: State [ Bool ] ( ) pro = do pro s <- get put ( True : s )
Instead of tail recursion , this employs head recursion .
The question is , what does pro return when you run it , and why ?
I found it easy to guess the correct answer , but my reasoning was completely wrong .
Of course , if viewed through a wholly imperative mindset , this leads to non-termination , but the lazy state monad extracts usable information from this definition .
In my recent Monad Reader article , I disentangled the bits of circular programming from Lloyd Allison ’s queue , and for the last year I have been obsessed with pulling the same trick with Jones and Gibbons ’ breadth - first labeling algorithm .
At times , this obsession has been a bit of a disease .
It ’s also worth pointing out Chris Okasaki ’s discussion of a particular instance of this algorithm , and the mention of this algorithm on the FP Lunch Weblog .
Here is code for the special case of breadth - first numbering :
data Tree a b = Leaf a | Branch b ( Tree a b ) ( Tree a b ) lazyRenum :: Num n =>
Tree a b ->
Tree n n lazy Renum t = t' where ( ns , t ' ) = renumber ( 0:ns , t ) renumber ( n:ns , Leaf _ ) = ( n+1:ns , Leaf n ) renumber ( n:ns , Branch _ l r ) = ( n+1:ns ' ' , Branch n l' r' ) where ( ns ' , l ' ) = renumber ( ns , l ) ( ns ' ' , r ' ) = renumber ( ns ' , r )
I finally disentangled the corecursive bits from this example today .
The circular programming occurs in the list argument , not the tree .
Note that the flow of the list ns from one call of renumber to the next is like the state monad .
From this observation , I wrote the following whimsical code :
lazyRenum :: Num n =>
Tree a b ->
Tree n n lazyRenum = runFresh .
renumber where renumber ( Leaf _ ) = fresh (
-> do return ( Leaf n ) ) renumber ( Branch _ l r ) = fresh (
-> do l' <- renumber l r' <- renumber r return ( Branch n l' r' ) )
Once I had this right , it was pretty easy to fill in the definitions for fresh and runFresh , by cribbing off Chris Okasaki ’s simplification of Jones and Gibbons ’ algorithm :
type Fresh n a = State [ n ] a runFresh :: Num n =>
Fresh n a -> a runFresh m = a where ( a , ns ) = runState m ( 0:ns ) fresh :: Num n => ( n -> Fresh n a ) ->
Fresh n a fresh f = do ( n:ns ) <- get put ns a <- f n ns ' <- get put ( ( n+1 ) : ns ' ) return a
And finally , we have arrived at a way to disentangle Jones and Gibbons ’ algorithm .
This easily generalizes from breadth - first numbering to breadth - first labeling , and like the original , it is capable of renumbering the Stern - Brocot tree .
The key insights here are the use of the lazy state monad , and getting the type of fresh correct .
Everything else is relatively straightforward , once this groundwork is laid .
It ’s interesting to perform a post - mortem analysis of why coming up with this proved to be so difficult for me .
I ’ll admit that I spent a few weeks trying to decipher the operational characteristics of Jones and Gibbons ’ labeling algorithm , and while I think I have a reasonable grasp on it , I ’m still not completely comfortable with it .
However , this monadic abstraction seems perfectly obvious in hindsight .
This contrasts starkly to my own understanding of Lloyd Allison ’s queue : I was completely comfortable with the operational aspects of the algorithm , but the monadic abstraction was quite difficult to come to grips with .
So my difficulties with Jones and Gibbons ’ algorithm was an over - emphasis on the operational aspects of the algorithm , and too much focus on the continuation monad as part of the solution .
Basically , I was hopeful that the same methodologies in my Monad Reader article would be directly useful , so much so that I had a case of tunnel vision .
While it is not obvious how the continuation monad might be applicable to this problem , continuations still did play a role in the solution : look at the type of fresh , it ’s the same ( a -> r ) -> r pattern that the continuation monad uses .
It seems to me that there is something deeper here , although I do n’t know what that would be .
These examples might make a stronger case for the lazy state monad than the example in my previous post .
While foldrByLevel is relatively easy to adapt to the continuation passing state monad , I do n’t know how to do the same with either of these two examples .
Tumblomatisch und uber die opfer .
I sprechie Alemannisch .
And without it we wuold all be out of glueck .
Archive
At its height , Checkpoint served up to 3,000 customers a day
A Dutch court has fined the owner of the Netherlands ' biggest cannabis - selling coffee shop 10 m euros ( £9 m , $ 13.3 m ) for breaking drugs laws .
Owner Meddie Willemsen , who was tried along with 15 staff of the Checkpoint coffee shop in Terneuzen , was also sentenced to a 16 - week prison term .
He was convicted for keeping more than the maximum tolerated amount of 500g ( 18 oz ) of drugs at the cafe .
Checkpoint served up to 3,000 people a day before being closed last year .
On a couple of occasions , police found 200 kg ( 440 lb ) of cannabis when they raided the coffee house .
Willemsen was sentenced to 16 weeks in prison , but was released as he had already spent the time in jail ahead of the trial .
He and his staff were convicted of breaking drugs laws , exporting drugs and membership of a criminal organisation .
The 10 m euro fine was lower than the 28 m euro fine prosecutors had asked for because of the " role of the authorities " in allowing Checkpoint to grow unchecked .
" Checkpoint could not have expanded as much as it did without collaboration from the municipality of Terneuzen , " a court statement said .
The town , close to the Belgian border , put up road signs showing the way to the Checkpoint and built a car park near it to reduce traffic congestion in town .
Though technically illegal , the Netherlands decriminalised the consumption and possession of under 5g ( 0.18 oz ) of cannabis in 1976 under an official " tolerance " policy .
The Whack'em & Stack'em White Paper
News Analysis by J.J. Johnson
Sierra Times 08.23.01
Since publishing yesterday 's Whack 'em& Stack'em , Sierra Times has received many inquiries from folks , some wanting to know , " exactly what IS a Whack 'em & Stack 'em ? "
Let us explain .
This is a term created here at Sierra Times to identify the ' always justifiable ' law enforcement homicide , or fatal police shooting .
The " whack " means to " kill " , and the " stack " means to just keep counting the bodies , and thanking the Good Lord that even though more people die in the country each year via cop bullets than in Russia , we can sleep easy knowing there is always a " good reason " for killing someone .
What we find so fascinating about this lethal art is the methods the justifications for whack & stacks are laid out to the public , and how .
Of course , there is always a good reason , including the generic , " the officer (s ) thought his / their life was in danger " .
We have learned that this usually works as a catch all when ever a whack & stack is reported .
In this whack & stack White Paper , we will use one of our most recent stories , and show you some things to look out for whenever there is a whack & stack in your neck of the woods .
( Article in red ; our analysis in black ) Authorities on Monday declined to comment in detail on what actions Kathleen C. Neuburger took before a state trooper shot to death the armed 40 - year - old McKean Township woman Saturday night .
-
Whenever you hear " declined to comment " , this usually means , they will need time to sort out the whole mess ( read : make sure everyone has the same story ) .
You first read this and your eyebrows immediate raise wondering why would police just shoot a 40 - year old woman ?
Never fear .
Like we said , there is always a good reason , even if it turns out not to be true later .
The mission is to paste the early images in your head , so you 'll just forget about it later .
That 's called the " stack " .
Let 's continue Erie County District Attorney Brad Foulk said Monday he was " not in a position to make a formal ruling " about what led a trooper to shoot her , or what led Neuburger , a registered nurse with the Erie County Health Department , to go to a jetty off the Lake Erie shore , armed with a loaded .38 - caliber handgun .
There 's the bait : " armed with a loaded .38 " .
Oh - you DID see the ' registered nurse ' part , right ?
Perhaps another eyebrow might have been raised since this person was probably NOT a criminal by any means .
Solution : we give you the weapon .
We provide the motive , but first , let 's tug on your heart strings and make you feel empathy for what the folks who killed this person are going through " We simply do n't have all the facts yet , " Foulk said at a press conference Monday .
" We are trying to do the most professionally unbiased job possible in this case in order to treat everyone fairly .
We have n't had a case like this , as far as I know , in a long , long time . "
Authorities have still not identified the four troopers at the scene shortly after 10:30 p.m. Saturday . -
A person kills someone - say , a police officer .
He makes no statement either .
But his name and life history is made public immediately - self defense or not ( check that : there is no self - defense if police are trying to kill you .
The unspoken rules of engagement state : " If police are in the process of shooting and killing you , do n't not bleed on their shoes . " ) .
But since these are police , you have no need to know who they are at this time .
Foulk said there was " every indication showing that ( Neuburger ) was in possession of a gun " at the time a trooper fired a semiautomatic shotgun at her .
Yes - that loaded .38 .
Of course , a semi-auto shotgun ( banned in some states ) is a pretty fair match .
And since this woman has been ' whacked ' , no one can ask her if that was actually HER gun .
This happens in many cases ( especially , the Southern California area ) .
In this example however , we 're pretty sure it was her gun .
We should stop here and remind you that , as of now , no law was broken .
But the best whack & stacks happen when no laws are broken .
Oh by the way , notice how there 's no comment on what led to the shooting , then they tell what led to the shooting ?
Keep reading
When asked if Neuburger was pointing the .38 - caliber handgun at police at the time of the shooting , Foulk declined to comment Monday . -
If you had three eyes , another eyebrow would go up .
Since these folks say they have n't had a whack & stack in a long time , Foulk did n't follow script and say " well , the officers saw a weapon pointed at them , feared for their safety , and pursued their right to defend themselves " ( the standard line ) .
This would have pretty much cleared the officers ( if there were no witnesses to the contrary )
But as a person is reading this article , say , quickly on the way to work , it 's easy to assume that yeah , she pointed a gun at them .
" We will clarify the details on what happened in the next couple of days , " Foulk said .
- Right .
4 officers - trained to gather crime scene evidence immediately , and it'll take them a few days to sort the whole thing out .
Question : how long would it take them if the whacked - in - question was a law enforcement officer ?
Erie County Coroner Lyell Cook said Monday that he would not rule on the manner of Neuburger 's death , but said the cause of her death was due to a gunshot wound .
" It 's too early in the investigation to say anything more , " Cook said .
" It 's too sensitive an issue . " -
The typical load of crap from the conspirators .
It is almost laughable with all the violence on television and movies to understand what 's so ' sensitive ' about the issue .
The whack weapon was a semi-auto shotgun .
We can assume the standard police load .
You 'll see later that we had ( according to this report ) one shot to the head , and one to the torso .
Translation : blood , guts , and brain matter all over the place .
This was a gruesome scene .
Cook said an autopsy was completed on Neuburger by forensic pathologist Dr. Eric Vey just before midnight Sunday .
The coroner said it would take about five days for toxicology test results to return from a lab in Pittsburgh .
The tests , Cook said , will determine if Neuburger had alcohol , drugs or any of 40 different medications in her system at the time she was shot .
- Alcohol ?
Drugs ?
See the picture forming in your head ?
This is standard .
Read it carefully and you 'll see there is n't a hint of evidence of this .
But again , since she 's not around to give her side of the story , and what 's left of the body is in their custody , well you get the picture .
Foulk said Monday that he would not comment on Neuburger 's " psychological condition , past or present , " meaning the time of the shooting .
- add ' crazy ' to ' drunk ' and ' doper ' .
Make the average person forget about the registered nurse part , does n't it ?
Notice to this point : no mention of past criminal record .
You can trust that if there was one , by now , they 'd be reporting it .
Read on " We have talked to some of her relatives , " Foulk said .
" There will be some additional meetings with them in the next day or two . "
Relatives of Neuburger reached by telephone Monday declined to comment on the shooting or the investigation .
Stop right here .
Now , we 've seen these before and we 'll explain , but first let 's use a little common sense : Relatives hear a love one just got killed by police and no one 's talking from the police side .
Do you really think the surviving members of the family would have NOTHING to say ?
Our speculation from past experience is that the family in question was probably never contacted .
Typical media ploy .
The Media is in on this you ask ?
We 'd better explain that too .
You see , if you want to succeed in the media business out here , you report whatever the government tells you else you 'll get thrown out of the press pool , and not get those good stories and hot tips .
Then bad rumors get passed around about you , advertisers intimidated , followed by loss of revenue .
Media outlets who insist on being a pain to the government ( e.g. telling the truth against them ) can lead to that media outlet being labeled ' anti- government ' .
Thus , it 's wise to keep the state - sponsored news source happy at all costs .
The identities of the four troopers involved will be released either today or Wednesday , said Cpl. Mark Zaleski , public information officer for Troop E in Lawrence Park .
When asked why authorities were not releasing the troopers ' names Monday , Zaleski said it was because the troopers needed time to explain the incident to their families , and that the troopers needed to be debriefed by the state police Member Assistance Program and a state police psychologist .
- Like we said : A real gruesome scene .
Folks , if this story is true , this poor woman got her head blown off .
A scene so sick that even the officers got shaken over it .
But of course they HAD to do it , did n't they ?
Lt. James Breth , the criminal investigation section commander for Troop E , said Monday the four troopers are " all veteran officers . "
Breth declined to comment further on the incident or the officers .
A source close to the investigation on Monday said the handgun Neuburger was carrying Saturday night was " legally registered within the family . "
-
Stopping here to let you get caught up with that picture in your mind .
That drunk , doped up , crazy woman had a loaded .
38 , and pointed it at four veteran police officers in a place that has n't had a police shooting in years .
That 's what has been implied here so far via hints and innuendoes .
But a careful reading to this point again will show that NONE of this has been proven yet .
This is what makes a classic whack & stack .
The police are good .
They are the victims .
This bitch had it coming .
Nice and clean - see ?
Neuburger , 8771 Neuburger Road , worked at the Erie County Health Department for more than 10 years , working most recently in the health department 's environmental division , according to Charlotte Berringer , director of the health department 's Community Health Services division .
- Speculation here : Neuburger on Neuburger Road .
In rural areas , that 's indicative of a family who 's been there for at least a generation or two .
Street name matches family name .
Could be a coincidence , of course .
But 10 years in the County Health Department .
One of their own ?
Odd is n't it ?
Even stranger that NO ONE has anything to say about her .
Read that as , plenty of people have something to say about it , but you wo n't get that from this media story .
She 's a drunk , doped up , crazy gun nut , remember ?
Berringer declined to comment on Neuburger .
" We have not had a chance yet to talk to ( Neuburger 's ) family , " Berringer said Monday .
State police said a call came into the Girard station late Saturday night from a small group of teenagers who reported that a distraught woman with a gun was at the Walnut Creek Access Area in Fairview Township .
She fired one shot into the water , then told the teens there were five more rounds in the gun , according to police .
The teens then ran off and called police .
Alarms going off in your head yet ?
If we were a betting lot ( we are based in Nevada ) , we 'd put money on the fact that Neuburger knew what she was doing , did n't want to hurt anyone ( she could have shot any of the teens ) , and probably wanted to tell police to find the little curtain climbers and give them the what for - they probably were harassing her .
Anyone with half a brain ( including veteran police officers ) who got an initial report like this should have KNOWN this was a warning shot to get the brats to back off .
Investigators said Neuburger was standing on the stone jetty off the east parking lot of the access area and was holding a .38 - caliber handgun when four on - duty troopers responded to the scene at 10:37 p.m .
One of the troopers attempted to talk to Neuburger [ Think she might have mentioned the little brats ? ] while the trooper with the shotgun took cover along the shoreline , north of the jetty , police said .
The woman did not put down the gun when told to , police said .
[ How the hell to we know that ? ]
She then turned with the gun toward the trooper who tried to talk to her , police said [ yes , of course she did ] .
Neuburger was then shot , according to authorities .
-
All this from folks who would not ' comment ' on what happened .
Police said the shotgun blast hit Neuberger in the upper torso and head .
Neuburger was pronounced dead at the scene by Cook shortly after 1 a.m. Sunday . - Make that about 10:38 PM .
A shotgun blast to the head is usually instant death .
State police are trained in such situations to shoot for center mass , which is the largest area of the body , Zaleski said .
" If you shoot to wound an individual , in a situation where an officer makes the decision to use deadly force , you 're putting all officers at the scene in danger because that individual could still feasibly fire their weapon , " Zaleski said .
Cpl. Larry Wallick , supervisor of the Pennsylvania State Police firearms unit in Harrisburg for the past three years , said cadets are not taught to shoot to kill , or to shoot to wound , when they encounter a dangerous situation .
" We teach to stop the action and take the situation under control , " Wallick said Monday from headquarters in Harrisburg .
Wallick said he has trained more than 600 state police cadets on firearm usage .
" Using deadly force is based on the officer 's judgment and the particulars of the situation , " Wallick said .
" There 's no black and white answer to the parameters ( of using deadly force ) , but when a firearm is pulled on an officer and their life is in danger , then that would be the highest level of when deadly force is justified . "
THERE YA GO !! - " when a firearm is pulled on an officer and their life is in danger , then that would be the highest level of when deadly force is justified . " .
There is nothing in the story that states this was the case ( no one 's really commenting , remember ? )
But the picture has already been placed in the head of most readers .
The only thing that has n't been nailed down is the victim 's past criminal record .
Here 's is how this little matter is handled : Authorities with the District Attorney 's Office , state police and the Erie Bureau of Police said Monday that they could not recall the last time a police officer shot and killed someone in Erie County .
In January 1990 , Union City police Patrolman John Kerr fatally shot a man he stopped to question about a suspected street corner drug deal near North Main and Market streets in Union City .
Kerr was killed in a gunfire exchange with the man , Bruce Leland Thompson , of North East .
Kerr fatally wounded Thompson after being shot first , authorities said .
" Has n't happened in at least 30 years , " Breth said , referring to the state police .
" And you probably have to go farther back than that . "
Breth said police fatally shot a man in Venango Township during a domestic dispute in the early 1990s , and that officers , " sometime in the past decade , " he said , shot and injured a man during a hostage situation in Crawford County .
- You see , the police around here only use such deadly force in these situations .
Thus is was justified - again .
This is just one example of the hundreds of people killed by police daily - somewhere in America .
You 've heard the stories - shot 41 times ( officers thought their life was in danger ) , storming the wrong house ( Gee , he had a criminal record anyway ) , shooting the unarmed ( well , we thought that cell phone or pager was a gun ) , or just plain killing the poor bastard ( looked like a knife - and you know that 21 foot rule ? ) .
Sierra
Times has been covering these whack & stacks since this publication started .
And we know that there will be some reading this thinking that Sierra Times does n't like police officers .
So let us make our position very clear :
We 're just that little ol ' news service that , like many drivers , can't help but to slow down and ' rubberneck ' at that awful car accident .
But since we do it so often , we just happen to see the patterns - the same paramedics and coroners at every ' accident ' - with the same justification each time .
One of the other reason we call these whack & stacks because ( contrary to political correctness ) there are as many whites getting killed as everyone else .
When a black person gets whacked , it 's hard to say stacked because there will be general outrage among the black community .
If on the other hand , the person is white - " who really cares " .
Let 's just ' stack ' that one up , and move to the next one since we trust white folks wo n't start burning the suburbs .
You 'll only get continual coverage of the black victim and the outrage ( and possible riot ) to follow in regular media .
They love that stuff .
Pisses white folks off when they sit there and watch - great for ratings .
We also cover these issues to remind our readers what kind of society we really live in .
Yes , we are told we live in a free country .
But this routine killing does n't occur in other industrialized nations - just third world countries .
Keep this White Paper in mind as you see more Whack & Stacks shown at Sierra Times.com .
Read between the lines , and you will begin to see a common pattern as well that should make anyone , regardless of political persuasion , start asking questions .
And so we will begin again to collect the " Whack and Stack " stories that we find .
If you see any that we do n't , please send them to news@sierratimes.com with " Whack and Stack " in the subject line .
Include a URL or a phone number so we can verify them .
Inmate dies after officers 'use force '
Orlando Sentinel
An Orange County Jail inmate died Tuesday night after corrections officials said he caused a disturbance in his cell and officers used force to restrain him .
Sheriff's Sgt. John
Allen said he did not know if the inmate , Alfred Wade , 40 , charged with aggravated assault and criminal mischief , had medical problems .
He was not being treated for methadone withdrawal or monitored for drug observation of any kind , officials said .
Another lawsuit filed in fatal Prescott Valley police pursuit
Associated Press
A third lawsuit has been filed in a January police chase that ended in a fiery crash in downtown Prescott that killed three young men .
Family calls for independent investigation
Relatives of Martinez Mendez doubt
police can be impartial
Seattle Post - Intelligencer
Relatives of a man killed by a Bellevue police officer are questioning whether the department can conduct an impartial investigation into the shooting , their lawyer said yesterday .
Kurt Nimmo
Infowars.com
March 21 , 2010
Reps .
Dana Rohrabacher , Tom McClintock and John Duncan , all Republicans , said during a Cato Institute panel that in retrospect invading Iraq was a mistake .
They said all of their colleagues in the House Republican Caucus believe invading Iraq was a mistake .
Rohrabacher went so far as to say he opposed going into Iraq before the invasion .
Saturday was the seventh anniversary of the illegal invasion of Iraq that has slaughtered more than a million Iraqis .
Thousands of protesters marked the anniversary by marching through the capitol and calling for the immediate withdrawal of troops from Iraq .
The protest was much smaller than previous ones in 2006 and 2007 .
A U.S. Park Police officer estimated about 2,500 people at the event .
Police arrested at least eight people , including Cindy Sheehan , at the end of the march after the group laid mock coffins at a fence outside the White House .
As police led her off , protesters chanted : “ This is what a police state look like ! ”
See the video below .
Iraq has more or less fallen off the front page of newspapers and news websites .
Only a handful of dedicated anti-war activists like Cindy Sheehan continue to protest against the occupation .
The U.S. has no intention of ever leaving Iraq .
Last month , the top US commander in Iraq , General Ray Odierno , said the U.S. is preparing contingency plans to delay the withdrawal of all combat forces in Iraq .
He requested more troops .
Odierno ’s comment was a blip on the corporate news radar screen .
“ I expect that Obama actually is going to have to break his promises on Iraq and keep a fairly large force in Iraq , but of course that wo n’t be the first time he ’s had to depart from his campaign rhetoric on this war , ” Thomas E. Ricks wrote for Foreign Policy , the magazine formerly owned by the globalist operation the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
{openx:49}
Here ’s what Rohrabacher , Foreign Policy , and the corporate media will not tell you — the invasion and occupation of Iraq is about extending the economic agenda of the international bankers into the Middle East .
Iran is next .
“ The other side of the issue , which not many people are talking about , is the economic agenda in Iraq , the privatization , the heavy privatization , that ’s happened in Iraq in the last two years , ” Yanar Mohammed , president of the Organization of Women ’s Freedom in Iraq , told Democracy Now last week .
“ And in the same time , we are being surprised by the Ministry of Finance telling the Iraqis that we need to have a loan from the World Bank , which will put the Iraq policies under such pressure , and it is a surprise to everybody because the revenues of oil are so high that we do not really need a loan from the World Bank . ”
“ I spent 33 years and four months in active military service and during that period I spent most of my time as a high class muscle man for Big Business , for Wall Street and the bankers , ” Smedley Butler wrote in 1935 .
Butler ’s comments are as relevant today as they were in 1935 .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Pretty good
I love games like this , so it 's always good to see a new one come along .
There 's nothing too unique about this one , but it 's a fun , solid production .
Music was really good , I do n't think it changed with the gameplay but it seemed to fit surprisingly well with the action at times .
The enemies were all fairly standard but there was a good mix of them and the AI worked well .
I only got halfway so maybe I missed out on the really interesting ones .
Graphically it 's simple but a few of the touches like the rotating background gave it an impressive look overall .
Only thing I did n't like was being shoved back to stage 1 when I died .
I like games that I can keep working at until I complete them .
You could definitely make a great sequel from this , hope to see more from you .
Nice work .
Hey , I could n’t resist this Kiss reference … also , about as full frontal as 1977 is gonna get for the time being .
I ’ve been wanting to get away from boob jokes , but I had a few left in my system and thought with Valentine ’s day just around the corner , I ’d set the bar up a notch for you guys and gals with your special someone (s ) .
Have fun , I enjoyed the hell out of drawing this one !
Exile ’s 1978 single “ Kiss You Over ” was a rather annoying song and it got played on the hour every hour .
But , I could n’t help NOT use it for today ’s comic title despite the song being a tad gag inducing .
********************
Even though 1983 ’s “ Lick It Up ” album featured Kiss * NOT * in their makeup , I added this song as it ’s a fun Kiss song and also fits today ’s comic theme as well .
Crank it .
********************************
Medical science has no cure for the common cold ; symptomatic relief is the best we can offer as we wait for our body to overcome the viral illness .
Although the common cold is generally a mild disease and poses no real threat to overall healthy people it can be quite unpleasant .
As a mom and a physician I really like having some helpful , natural , inexpensive common sense therapies to prescribe .
A good number of the methods used today have n’t changed much since my grandma ’s time :
Her advice was drink lots of liquids , get plenty of rest and eat chicken soup , but every grandma ’s different and home remedies change from culture to culture .
Most of these home remedies pose no harm , and are well worth a try , even if there ’s only an anecdotal notion of benefit .
But I wanted to see if any of the remedies have attained enough scientific support through rigorous research so that we can now firmly say these kitchen - based medicines work better than a placebo , and there ’s more than suggestion in their mechanism of action .
So , I headed to the online Cochrane library looking for reports on some of these natural remedies .
Before I get into the details of what I found , I ’m sure you ’ve been wondering how we make sense of study results when one study shows one finding while another study refutes those results .
The experience can leave everyone quite confused , not knowing what to believe .
But this is how the scientific method works .
It ’s only through refining and repeating studies that we can arrive at a tentative conclusion .
The Cochrane reviews aim to do just that — take into account only the best of studies , and see if there ’s enough evidence to prove efficacy .
The global Cochrane Collaboration is an independent network of volunteers that does n’t accept conflicted funding , and whose mission is to gather the best available evidence , summarize and interpret the results and make them readily available as a resource for evidence - based medicine on which to base scientifically grounded health - care decisions .
( The full reports require a subscription , but the abstracts and summaries are free . )
Now , here are some interesting findings from the library :
Garlic
Garlic ’s is a common - cold remedy handed down for generations in my husband ’s family , and while I love garlic in cooking and use plenty of it , the result of a spouse consuming half a head of raw garlic is offensive to my nose .
I just hate it !
I admit I ’m biased here ; I really wanted this one to be proven ineffective .
The Cochrane report authors looked for randomized controlled trials of common - cold prevention and treatment comparing garlic with placebo , no treatment or standard treatment , and found five such studies with only one fulfilling their criteria .
The study included 146 people and found that people who took garlic ( in supplement form ) every day for three months had fewer colds and fewer days of illness with a cold than people who took a placebo .
They found no information from randomized , controlled trials about whether taking garlic at the time of a cold reduces either symptom severity or the number of days of illness .
They conclude :
“ While this one study was positive , there is a need for large , high - quality randomised controlled trials to support these findings .
Possible side effects in this small trial included odour and a skin rash .
More information is needed about the possible side effects of garlic . ”
Honey
Honey has been used from ancient times for many medical purposes , from wound healing to respiratory relief .
Mixing honey into warm milk , tea or juice is a time - honored sore throat soother and cough suppressant .
The Cochrane reviewers looked for randomized , controlled studies comparing honey to placebos for the treatment of chronic cough , and found none that were applicable for review .
In other words , there are no good studies out there , therefore no proof for or against honey for a four - week - old cough .
Honey for acute cough has shown promise in some studies , in which it outperformed both no treatment and cough syrup , and this treatment modality is currently evaluated by the Cochrane group .
A word of caution : Honey should not be given to kids younger than one year due to the risk of infant botulism .
Plenty of fluids
Drinking plenty of liquids makes sense : the water replaces losses due to rapid breathing , reduces the viscosity of mucus ( therefore reducing congestion ) and prevents dehydration .
Alas , the reviewers found no evidence for or against increasing fluid intake during the illness — no randomized controlled studies have been conducted .
Vitamin C
Vitamin C was popularized by Nobel Laureate Linus Pauling in the 1960s and has been used widely as both a preventive and therapeutic agent for the common cold for decades .
It ’s still very controversial .
The Cochrane review was restricted to placebo - controlled trials testing at least 0.2 grams per day of vitamin C. Thirty studies involving more than 11,000 participants were analyzed and they showed :
â€¢ Regular ingestion of vitamin C has no effect on preventing the common cold in the ordinary population .
â€¢ Vitamin C reduced the duration and severity of common cold symptoms very slightly , and the magnitude of the effect was so small its clinical usefulness was doubtful .
â€ ¢
Six trials included participants exposed to short periods of extreme physical or cold stress or both ( including marathon runners and skiers ) .
In these people vitamin C reduced the common cold risk by half .
â€¢ Trials of high doses of vitamin C administered to treat the common cold showed no consistent effect on either duration or severity of symptoms .
The authors call for more therapeutic trials ( especially ones including kids who were n’t studied in trials ) to settle the question .
Echinacea
Echinacea is a plant widely used for the common cold , but preparations vary greatly ( there are many Echinacea species , and different parts of the plant are utilized in different ways ) .
The Cochrane review found 16 clinical trials investigating the effectiveness of several Echinacea preparations for common - cold prevention or treatment .
Two trials using Echinacea for 8 to 10 weeks for common - cold prevention showed no clear effect .
Most of the trials investigated Echinacea for treatment of common - cold symptoms , and it seems that some preparations may be effective in adults , but the results were inconsistent .
There ’s no evidence of efficacy in kids .
Side effects were rare , and included rashes in one trial in kids .
Zinc
Seven trials of variable quality were included in the review , and no strong evidence was found to show that zinc lozenges reduce the duration of the common cold .
Side effects included mouth irritation , unpleasant taste and diarrhea .
As for chicken soup , I could n’t find it in the Cochrane reviews .
A study in CHEST ( the cardiopulmonary and critical - care journal ) looked at mucus velocity and airflow through the nose of 15 healthy people after they drank cold water , hot water or chicken soup .
The results showed that both hot fluids increased the flow of mucus for about 30 minutes , with the chicken soup outperforming the hot water significantly .
Another study in CHEST showed that chicken soup inhibited the movement of neutrophils ( a subset of white blood cells ) in the lab .
So there is some evidence supporting my grandma ’s regimen .
Writing this post and
Related Articles
FORT LAUDERDALE , Fla . -- NFL commissioner Roger Goodell said Friday that Cleveland Browns wide receiver Donte ' Stallworth will be reinstated from his suspension for killing a pedestrian while driving drunk .
At his annual Super Bowl - week news conference , Goodell said Stallworth 's suspension will be lifted after the Super Bowl on Sunday .
Goodell said he met with Stallworth about a month ago , and the receiver is " in a better place than he was . "
Goodell said Stallworth recognized what he did wrong and has prepared himself to return to the NFL .
Stallworth , 28 , was charged with DUI manslaughter March 14 in an early morning accident that killed 59 - year - old Mario Reyes , a Miami construction worker who was on his way home .
Stallworth 's blood - alcohol level after the crash was .126 , well above Florida 's legal limit of .08 , according to results of a blood test .
In mid-June , Stallworth was given a 30 - day jail sentence , of which he served 24 days , and reached an undisclosed financial settlement with Reyes ' family .
Two days after sentencing , the NFL suspended Stallworth indefinitely without pay .
The Browns likely will wait until after Stallworth 's official reinstatement before announcing their intentions for Stallworth 's future .
The Plain Dealer of Cleveland reported , however , that the team plans to release Stallworth , citing an unnamed source .
Stallworth made just seven starts for the Browns in 2008 because of injuries , with 17 catches for 170 yards .
" We really have n't [ made a decision ] , " Browns general manager Tom Heckert said .
" It 's something Randy [ Browns owner Randy Lerner ] is probably going to be involved in as well .
We 'll have to discuss it as an organization . "
Information from The Associated Press was used in this report .
I teach psychology , with classes sometimes ranging up to several hundred students .
I sometimes lecture six to eight times a week .
Althought that 's a lot of what professors do , it 's something I got absolutely no training for when I was in graduate school .
Everything I learned about giving presentations I learned as an interior design student .
We gave formal or informal presentations to professors and peers at least once a week for the four years I was an undergraduate at Cornell .
Why ?
Because as an interior designer , a big chunk of your job is presenting to clients .
They knew that a large part of our professional success would rely on our ability to clearly and succintly talk about our ideas .
And they also knew that practice makes perfect .
In reading the post Presentation Skills for , I was reminded of the presentation I give every summer for Oberlin 's mentoring program for students in the sciences and humanities .
This is the first section of my handout .
The bottom line is :
It 's not about you - it 's about your audience .
Keep that in mind , and you will be less nervous and your audience will be much happier .
How to Give ( Or Not Give ) A Presentation
The form of your presentation is determined by your .
There are many situations where you will be asked to give presentations .
These situations come up in a number of ways : you ’re asked to run a meeting or lead a discussion of a reading for a seminar .
You might be asked to teach a class on a specific topic , like performing an analysis of variance or walking on stilts .
If you undertake a major project , you are often asked to make a formal presentation of your ideas .
This might take the form of explaining how you arrived at a particular interpretation of an art work or historical event , or it might be that you are asked to explain a scientific project that you ’ve completed .
The scenarios I ’ve laid out differ in two important aspects that determine their form and their goals .
First , they differ in the extent to which the focus is on the group rather than the presenter .
For example , the goal of a meeting is that we all come to understand one another ( i.e. , the goal is for the group to share their ideas ) .
In contrast , the goal of a formal presentation is for the group to come to understand your ideas .
Second , the scenarios differ in the extent to which their progress towards that goal is best served by proceeding in a linear fashion .
When leading a discussion of a shared reading , for example , your goal may be to explore different ideas inherent in the piece , make links to different aspects of other ideas , critique the major arguments , and come to a new understanding of the strengths and weaknesses of the piece or change your understanding of the field .
To reach this goal , there may be clear stepping stones along the way .
For example , you might organize your discussion by asking :
What is the main purpose of the piece ?
How does the author try to accomplish that and what major ideas are expressed ?
How does each idea link to other material ?
Are the arguments internally consistent ?
What can we take from this piece ?
Because the goal of a discussion is to have everyone share their ideas and introduce different perspectives , your process and discussion may be relatively non-linear as the group explores different threads along the way to its destination .
A scientific talk , on the other hand , lends itself to a very linear organization :
What is the question I tried to answer ?
Why is it important ?
How did I answer it ?
What did I learn ?
How does it fit into what we know more generally about the topic ?
Where should we go next ?
Depending on your goals , the structure , content , and form of your presentation will differ dramatically .
It ’s not about you .
Although presentations vary widely , they all have two things in common .
First , the focus of a good presentation is on the needs of the audience .
Second , your role as a presenter is to shape the group experience to make sure you meet those needs .
Your success as a presenter will be judged by how good you are at meeting the needs .
You ’ve run a good discussion when everyone feels they ’ve shared and explored their ideas and comes to a different understanding of a piece they read alone .
You ’ve taught a good class when everyone has a clear understanding of the topic and had their questions answered .
You ’ve given a good scientific talk when people know what you ’ve done , why you did it , and why they should be excited by it .
If you ’ve done that well , people will also think you ’re a good , intelligent , and possibly charming , witty , or attractive , but that is entirely a byproduct of how good you ’ve made them feel about what the group has accomplished .
How to Approach the Task
There are five main components to pulling together a good presentation :
Choose a goal ;
Find a storyline that will help the group reach that goal ; Develop a series of activities or a method of presentation that allows you to develop your storyline .
Do n’t let your media determine your storyline !
Remember that your role is to facilitate the group reaching its shared goal .
This is your primary responsibility !
Remember that it ’s not about you .
All that matters is the experience of the other people in the room .
Avoiding Pitfalls
The best way to undermine your presentation is to communicate your nervousness and discomfort to the audience so they spend so much time feeling bad for you that they ca n’t focus on what you ’ve got to say .
Every sensible person is nervous when they present .
They ’ve just taken on the responsibility of the well - being of a whole group of people for some duration of time , plus they ’ve just been given the opportunity to look like an idiot to boot .
But just because you feel nervous does n’t mean you have to look nervous .
All of these things will help still your nerves :
Have something to say .
Focusing on what you ’re going to do , rather than what you ’re feeling , is wonderfully distracting .
Plan and practice .
Always have a clear idea of where you think the group should be going .
If it is a participatory presentation or there will be questions , anticipate them , so you can integrate them and use them to move towards you goal .
Say things out loud so your mouth knows what to do when you are too nervous to think straight .
Control your physiology .
A racing heart , rapid breathing , and sweaty palms will make you feel nervous even if you know exactly what you ’re going to do .
Control them .
Slow , deep , calming breaths will slow down your heart and help you to focus .
Before a presentation ( or a test ! )
I often wash my hands and run warm water over my wrists , because it slows down my heart and helps me to still my mind .
Focus on making everyone else comfortable .
Your job as presenter is to facilitate the experience of everyone else .
Remember , it ’s not about you .
Focus on communicating your ideas and bringing everyone into the room together for a common purpose .
If you focus on making them feel comfortable , you ’ll worry less about yourself .
Nerves focus the of the group on you and your emotional state .
Less obvious ways of undermining your presentation by making it all about you are to dress in ways that takes the focus off your ideas or to indulge in mannerisms that distract your audience .
When getting ready for a presentation :
Choose clothes that complement your presentation , but do n’t draw attention to themselves .
For example , when you ’re discussing the fine points of educational policy at your local school board , you do n’t want people in the audience to be wondering whether your navel ring is going to catch in your belt buckle .
Similarly , your Got Beer ?
t- shirt might not help you establish the kind of authority you want to convey when discussing the year - long study you did of mollusk population densities .
Use ties , jewelry , makeup , or scarves strategically .
Just like your clothing , your jewelry or makeup should n’t draw attention to themselves .
This probably is not the time for the big dangly earrings or the bright green eyeliner .
On the other hand , if you are leading a large group , makeup , jewelry , or scarves can help highlight your face to help you stand out against a busy background .
One of the reasons that men often wear suits and ties is that the triangular shirt framed by the dark suit brings your eye up to the face and mouth .
The linear tie draws the eye upwards and facilitates that .
If you ’re presenting to a large group and a suit is n’t appropriate , look at your wardrobe and find an outfit that will function similarly .
Avoid annoying mannerisms .
Flicking your hair over your shoulder , saying ‘ um ’ or ‘ like ’ , or picking your ears all take away from the group ’s focus on the ideas .
In sum , your appearance should function as wallpaper - it provides a nice background , but should n’t be noticeable .
You want them to remember your ideas , not your fashion sense or how sexy you are .
Your ideas are important .
You are n’t .
By focusing on what other people need and how you can meet those needs , you stop thinking about yourself and your nerves and start thing about them .
And that 's the first step towards success .
For information on the how to of telling your story and do's and don'ts for PowerPoints , see :
Followup Post : How To Give a Presentation Part II : Tell A Good Story
About qBittorrent
The qBittorrent project aims to provide an open - source software alternative to µ Torrent .
Additionally , qBittorrent runs and provides the same features on all major platforms ( FreeBSD , Linux , macOS , OS / 2 , Windows ) .
qBittorrent is based on the Qt toolkit and libtorrent - rasterbar library .
Help qBittorrent
qBittorrent is developed by volunteers in their spare time .
If you like this piece of software , please make a donation and help it survive .
Donation info here .
If you want to help in translating qBittorrent , see these instructions .
qBittorrent Features
Polished µ Torrent - like User Interface
No Ads
Well - integrated and extensible Search Engine Simultaneous search in many Torrent search sites Category - specific search requests ( e.g. Books , Music , Software )
RSS feed support with advanced download filters ( incl. regex )
Many Bittorrent extensions supported : Magnet links Distributed hash table ( DHT ) , peer exchange protocol ( PEX ) , local peer discovery ( LSD ) Private torrents Encrypted connections and many more ...
Remote control through Web user interface , written with AJAX Nearly identical to the regular GUI
Sequential downloading ( Download in order )
Advanced control over torrents , trackers and peers Torrents queueing and prioritizing Torrent content selection and prioritizing
Bandwidth scheduler
Torrent creation tool
IP Filtering ( eMule & PeerGuardian format compatible )
IPv6 compliant
UPnP / NAT - PMP port forwarding support
Available on all platforms : Windows , Linux , macOS , FreeBSD , OS /
2
Available in ~70 languages
Go ahead and try qBittorrent , you wo n't regret it !
‘ Unbalanced population - growth in India
“ Har taraf , har jagah beshumaar aadmi ,
Phir bhi tanhaiyan shikar aadmi ” Nida Fazil
Over last few decades Indian population has grown enormously .
In 2001 India ’s population was 102.9 crore , in 2004 108 crore , in 2009 116 crore and expected to be 124 crore by 2020 .
Population explosion has already neutralized all the efforts done for economic , infra-structural and social development .
Now it is putting more pressure / severe strain on the already over - loaded system , aggravating many problems like poverty , low per capita income , food availability , pressure on land , burden on education , medical care , housing , unemployment , underemployment , rapid depletion of natural resources and environment .
It is leading to distress migration within country as well as abroad .
It has changed the demographic balance .
It has prolonged poverty and misery of millions of people .
There is constant pressure on infrastructure and civic services .
Electricity and water - supply , sewage and drainage systems are not able to meet the growing demands .
The present problem is not only of rapid population growth , but also of an unbalanced population growth .
Level of education and income has a definite impact on population growth .
There seems to be a correlation between the birth rate and literacy .
Higher the levels of education lower the birth rate and vice verse .
The population growth has been contained amongst educated class .
However , the number of poor , illiterate and unproductive hands is continuously increasing .
Women literacy has led to lower birth rate as well as lower infant mortality rate .
For example , in Kerala , having cent percent literacy , the birth rate is much lower than UP , Bihar or Rajasthan , where the literacy rate is lower , and the population of agrarian community and poor people is increasing unchecked .
They suffer from illiteracy , superstitions , desire of male child , high mortality rate among children , or lack of awareness .
They do not consider children as a problem , but an asset and insurance for old age .
It is observed that over decades population of SCs , STs and OBCs has been continuously growing .
There appears to be no reason for them to control their population .
The protective policies , preferences and allowances under various Welfare Schemes seem to work as incentive for not adopting family planning measures .
Rather they are encouraged to increase their numerical strength for increasing their influence and role in electoral politics .
According to 1991 Census , while the total population in the country , excluding Assam and J&K , grew by 23.79 % , it was 30.90 % in the case of SC , 25.67 % in the case of ST and 22.11 % in the case of non-SCT .
Region - wise , highest growth rate has been recorded by SC population in Andhra Pradesh , Madhya Pradesh , Maharashtra , Manipur , Meghalaya Mizoram , Orissa and W Bengal .
This is followed by ST , followed by Non SC / ST population .
In Gujarat , Rajasthan , Tripura , Dadar and Nagar Haveli , ST population followed by SC , followed by NON SC / ST population has recorded highest growth rate .
In Goa , Himachal Pradesh , Karnataka , Sikkim , TamilNadu and Daman and Diu , the growth rate is highest among SC population , followed by Non SC / ST , followed by ST population .
In Kerala , highest growth rate is among ST population followed by Non SC / ST and then SC population .
In Arunachal Pradesh , Bihar and UP the growth rate is highest among Non SC / ST followed by SC and then ST population .
The Non – SC / ST growth rate in most populous states like UP and Bihar appears to be mainly due to rapid rise in the population of OBC people .
Though , as per government ’s census policy , no published data is available about Backward Class ’s population growth , the 1951 Census authorities gave to the First Backward Class Commission , two sets of figures in respect of Backward class population .
These were 678.39 lakhs ( 18.9 % ) and the other estimated at 20.5 % of the total population .
In 1956 , the Commission raised it to 1135.10 lakhs ( 31.8 % ) .
The Mandal Commission , in 1980 , further raised it to 52 % .
The increase in its number is both due to inclusion of additional castes in the backward list as also due to increase in the birth rate among them .
The unbalanced growth is more pronounced in the case of Muslims .
The 1991 census reports an increase from 11 % in 1951 to 13 % in 1990 , in respect of Muslim population .
The growth of Muslims is higher than any other religious group .
The recorded growth in Muslim population shows an increase of 32.78 % as against 22.78 % in the Hindu population .
This increase is again due to increase in birth rate as well as migration .
Though percentwise , unbalanced growth of various sections does not seem much , but in absolute number , it is alarming .
Tough competition between different sections for growth has created a gulf between different sections of society , each one pursuing its sectional interests .
It gives rise to new equations in power echelons .
The wider the gulf , larger the problem for the Government
The welfare schemes for such a large population puts an extra economic burden on government .
Learning From Dropouts
When I served on the staff of the 9/11 Commission , one of our primary tasks was to assemble the story of how al Qaeda ’s plot developed .
One of the aspects of the plot on which we focused our attention was , therefore , the movements , activities , and associations of the 19 hijackers .
The basic question we struggled to answer was how al Qaeda persuaded 19 young men to participate in an attack that would result in their certain death .
Although al Qaeda ’s " success " on this front was rather startling , the organization failed to convince all of the initial would - be attackers to go through with their plot .
Why not ?
The stories of the individuals selected for the 9/11 attacks who backed out , even in the face of pressure from the terrorist group , have received little attention in the media or among policymakers , but could teach us important lessons for thwarting future attacks .
While Mohamed Atta , the hijackers ’ operational leader , is now a household name , Mushabib al - Hamlan and Saud al - Rashid are far less well known .
These two young Saudis were selected by al Qaeda ’s leadership to participate in the attacks and left the training camps in Afghanistan to return home to Saudi Arabia to obtain visas for travel to the United States .
Both , however , were beset by second thoughts after arriving in Saudi Arabia .
After getting his visa , Hamlan contacted his family despite clear instructions not to do so by his al Qaeda handlers .
When Hamlan found out that his mother was ill , he decided not to return to Afghanistan — even in the face of repeated follow - up pressure by al Qaeda .
This included a personal visit at the Saudi college Hamlan had by then returned to from Khalid al - Zahrani , an associate from the training camps who was sent by Khalid Sheikh Mohammed ( KSM ) , the mastermind of the 9/11 attacks , to convince Hamlan to come back .
Rashid ’s story might illustrate even more dramatically the role that family can play in the dropout process .
According to KSM , Rashid may have bailed on the plot because his family found out about his involvement in it and confiscated his passport .
In the summer of 2001 , al Qaeda confronted an even larger potential challenge to the operation when Ziad Jarrah , who went on to pilot Flight 93 , was deliberating about whether to withdraw from the operation , in part because of Jarrah ’s " troubled " relationship with Atta .
In what was an " emotional conversation , " according to the 9/11 Commission , Ramzi Binalshibh — the Hamburg - based liaison between the cell and the al Qaeda leadership — was able to persuade Jarrah to stay the course .
Given that we can’t kill or capture every potential terrorist , developing a better grasp of this " dropout phenomenon " is critical for the United States and its allies ’ counterterrorism efforts , particularly in shaping the myriad counter - radicalization programs springing up in the Middle East , Asia , and Europe .
There are plenty of candidates for study .
Despite al Qaeda ’s reputation for ferocity , secrecy , and esprit de corps , the organization has been plagued by desertions since its earliest days .
More recently , key ideologues and leaders have turned against the group , challenging al Qaeda ’s vision for global jihad .
And al Qaeda is hardly alone among the global jihadi groups in suffering from defections .
Some of its affiliates have experienced important losses as well , ranging from foot soldiers to key leadership personnel .
The recent defections of prominent leaders , clerics , and ideologues from al Qaeda could have a profound long - term effect on the organization .
The most prominent of these defectors is former Egyptian Islamic Jihad head Sayyid Imam al - Sharif ( also known as Dr. Fadl ) .
Al Qaeda often cited Dr. Fadl ’s treatises as ideological justification for its actions , but he has since firmly renounced Osama bin Laden and has written a new book rejecting al Qaeda ’s message and tactics .
Noman Benotman , a former leader of the Libyan Islamic Fighting Group ( LIFG ) , also publicly turned his back on jihad and played a key role in persuading other key figures in the organization to renounce al Qaeda as well .
In September 2009 , six leaders of the LIFG issued recantations challenging al Qaeda ’s global vision for jihad in a 400 - plus - page book titled Corrective Studies in Understanding Jihad , Accountability and the Judgment of the People .
Dr. Fadl , Benotman , and the other leaders who have defected all cite al Qaeda ’s inaccurate interpretation of Islam as a major factor in their decision to abandon the cause .
In his treatise , Dr. Fadl called al Qaeda ’s jihadism reprehensible , arguing that it violates Islam and sharia law .
In 2007 , Benotman wrote a public letter to al Qaeda ’s No. 2 leader , Ayman al - Zawahiri — after years of criticizing the group privately — arguing that al Qaeda ’s tactics violate Islam ’s call for the protection of " man ’s religion , life , mind , offspring , and wealth . "
In this letter , Benotman called for al Qaeda to cease its military operations , sentiments repeated in the LIFG ’s renunciations of al Qaeda in 2009 .
Benotman also had more practical differences with bin Laden over the direction of the global jihadi movement and claims to have asked the al Qaeda amir to get out of the terrorism business at a 2000 summit , realizing that they were fighting a losing battle .
Benotman thought al Qaeda ’s sole focus on the United States as the " head of the snake " would hurt the efforts of groups such as the LIFG to overthrow the apostate Arab regimes , which Benotman viewed as the real problem afflicting the Muslim world .
Benotman later said that he made a " clear - cut request " to bin Laden to stop attacking the United States because it would " lead to nowhere , " but bin Laden disregarded his concerns .
After the 9/11 attacks , Benotman resigned from his position in the LIFG , concerned that the United States would likely respond to the attack by not only targeting al Qaeda , but his organization as well .
For midlevel al Qaeda operatives and foot soldiers , petty grievances have often played a larger role in their decision to turn their backs on the organization .
Disagreements over money , for example , have led some terrorists to consider their inadequate compensation as a sign of unfair treatment .
Take the case of Jamal al - Fadl , a Sudanese national , who was one of the first members of al Qaeda during its years in Sudan and played a role in the organization ’s unsuccessful efforts in the early 1990s to procure uranium .
Fadl was displeased with his salary at the time — he received $ 500 a month , as opposed to Egyptian members , who were paid $ 1,200 monthly .
In response , he began embezzling funds , stealing approximately $ 100,000 from al Qaeda .
When bin Laden learned of Fadl ’s actions , he ordered him to repay the money .
After repaying about $ 30,000 , Fadl fled , fearing retribution if he did not repay the full amount .
L’Houssaine Kherchtou , a Moroccan who joined al Qaeda in 1991 and trained to serve as bin Laden ’s personal pilot , had similar complaints .
Kherchtou became bitter after one of bin Laden ’s aides turned down his request for $ 500 to cover the cost of his wife ’s cesarean section .
His anger grew when al Qaeda paid the expenses of a group of Egyptians who were sent to Yemen to renew their passports .
" If I had a gun , " Kherchtou later testified , " I would shoot [ bin Laden ] at that time . "
When the organization moved to Afghanistan , Kherchtou refused to follow , thus violating his oath to bin Laden .
Kherchtou was also embittered after bin Laden ordered his followers to cut back on spending .
He thought that bin Laden — a notoriously rich Saudi — was being stingy .
Kherchtou and Fadl went on to serve as key U.S. government witnesses in early 2001 in the trials for the 1998 U.S. Embassy bombings in East Africa .
The departure of a senior leader in a jihadi organization can undermine its legitimacy and cripple its operational capacity .
Dr. Fadl ’s recantations caused approximately 600 to 700 members of Egyptian Islamic Jihad to abandon political violence , according to Omar Ashour , an expert on the group .
Benotman also played a constructive role in convincing imprisoned LIFG members to renounce their jihad against the Libyan government .
He traveled to Libya more than 25 times over a two - year period to convince the jihadists to recant .
In the end , his efforts paid off :
The LIFG recantations had a major impact on the organization ’s rank and file , with the vast majority endorsing the shift away from jihad , according to terrorism expert Paul Cruickshank .
Although the defections of lower - level operatives and foot soldiers may not have the same impact on the organization as that of a leader , their effect should not be underestimated .
An operative who can provide detailed information to governments about a group ’s members , plans , and operations can cause serious harm to the group and put a terrorist organization on the defensive .
A great deal of the U.S. government ’s knowledge about al Qaeda prior to 9/11 , for example , came from Fadl and Kherchtou .
As governments begin to shift away from a military - dominated approach to combating terrorism , they should increasingly focus on how to prevent individuals from going down the path toward radicalization and terrorism .
What is clear is that the radicalization process is complex : Reasons for joining terrorist and extremist groups vary widely , and a recruit ’s trajectory rarely follows a linear path .
Given the unique path to radicalization — and increasingly deradicalization and disengagement — that each individual travels , it is not surprising that a " one size fits all " approach is unlikely to succeed .
Governments must be flexible and creative as they seek to encourage terrorists and extremists to defect from these organizations or abandon their support for these dangerous causes .
Programs springing up around the world have already begun to chip away at the terrorist and extremist narrative .
But it will be difficult for the United States and its allies to effectively counter extremist ideology without better understanding all aspects of the radicalization cycle , including why and how people are drawn to terrorist and extremist organizations , and why people have walked away .
If we increase our focus on this process now , with any luck , we will have many more cases of terrorist dropouts to study in the future .
We have upgraded to new forum software as of late last year , and it makes everything here so much better !
It is now much easier to do pretty much anything , including write Trip Reports , sell gear , schedule climbing related events , and more .
There is a new reputation system that allows for positive contributors to be recognized , it is possible to tag content with identifiers , drag and drop in images , and it is much easier to embed multimedia content from Youtube , Vimeo , and more .
In all , the site is much more user friendly , bug free , and feature rich !
Whether you 're a new user or a grizzled cascadeclimbers.com veteran , we think you 'll love the new forums .
Enjoy !
Fifty years ago today , two giants of 20th century popular music performed together for the first and only time .
ABC ’s “ Frank Sinatra Timex Special – Welcome Home Elvis ” was filmed at the Fontainebleau Hotel in Miami , Florida on March 26 , 1960 .
The show aired on May 12 .
The show celebrated Elvis Presley ’s return from two year ’s national service in the army , much of which had been spent in Germany .
Sinatra had famously labelled rock ‘ n ’ roll music a “ rancid smelling aphrodisiac ” just a couple of years before , so it was a little unexpected for him to take on the role of welcoming Elvis back to the world of entertainment .
The truth is that Sinatra needed a hit and that is what motivated him to secure Elvis for the show .
His last three shows for ABC had flopped and he had one show left on his contract which he was determined would be successful , no matter what the cost .
The long - awaited return of Elvis Presley was a sure fire way of ensuring a big audience and Sinatra was happy to pay for that .
Elvis received $ 125,000 for around six minutes screen time .
Elvis came straight to Miami from a recording session in Nashville which yielded the songs “ Make Me Know It , ” “ Soldier Boy , ” “ It Feels So Right , ” “ Stuck on You , ” “ Fame and Fortune ” and “ A Mess of Blues . ”
The first three would appear on the “ Elvis is Back ” album , which was completed in early April .
“ Stuck on You ” b/w “ Fame and Fortune ” was Elvis first post - army single and was shipped within 72 hours of the session .
It was a number one hit in the US .
“ Mess of Blues ” was the B side of “ It ’s Now or Never , ” which was a worldwide number one later in the year .
Elvis travelled with his entourage by train from Nashville and thousands of fans lined the route .
The group arrived in Miami on March 22 and Elvis checked into the penthouse of the Fontainebleau Hotel .
He spent the rest of the week rehearsing for the show .
Rehearsal images
The show
The premise of the show was to highlight to Elvis what he had missed while away in Germany for two years .
This was done through various song and dance routines , some of which are better than others .
As well as Elvis and Frank , the show featured Nancy Sinatra , Joey Bishop , Sammy Davis Jr. Peter Lawford & The Tom Hansen Dancers .
Dean Martin had been in town for three Rat Pack Summit shows in the days leading up to the television special , but he left for LA before filming .
This was Elvis ’ first television appearance since January 1957 , when he appeared on Ed Sullivan for the third time .
That show had concluded with Sullivan telling the nation that Elvis was a “ decent , fine boy , ” in response to some of the criticisms over the impact of Elvis ’ act on the nation ’s youth .
Three years later , with strong film performances and a stint in the army behind him , the controversy had died down and now he was being welcomed into the entertainment mainstream by Sinatra and friends .
The show commenced with Sinatra and company singing “ It ’s Nice to Go Travelling , ” which was the final cut from his number one hit album “ Come Fly With Me ” from 1958 .
Elvis entered looking every inch the King in his army dress uniform and joined in on the song , which had altered lyrics to match the occasion .
Elvis did n’t look entirely at ease during the opening of the show , which is n’t suprising given that he was very much on Sinatra territory and it was his first appearance before an audience for well over two years .
Much like in the variety shows on which Elvis appeared in the 1950s ( Ed Sullivan , Steve Allen and the Dorsey Bros shows ) , the generation gap is clear .
Though less raucous here than in the 50s and with a more polished edge , Elvis ’ performances very definitely belong in the rock ‘ n ’ roll era and the artists he is surrounded by very definitely do not .
“ Welcome Home Elvis ” introduction
Elvis was on more solid ground when singing his music with his band on “ Fame and Fortune ” and “ Stuck on You . ”
Elvis Presley – “ Fame and Fortune ”
Elvis Presley – “ Stuck on You ”
Finally , there was an attempt to bridge the generation gap with a showbiz duet between Elvis and Frank on “ Love Me Tender ” / “ Witchcraft . ”
This did n’t exactly set the world alight , but it ’s entertaining enough and there was genuine camaraderie between the two performers .
Here ’s the duet , along with the recollections of Nancy Sinatra .
Elvis Presley and Frank Sinatra duet – “ Love Me Tender ” / “ Witchcraft ”
The “ Welcome Home Elvis ” special was a commercial success , providing Elvis with a high profile showbiz return and Sinatra with the ratings he craved .
The show pulled in 67.7 % of the television audience , which was the highest ever ratings for a Sinatra show .
Looking back on “ Welcome Home Elvis ” from a distance of 50 years , much of it has n’t aged well , but Elvis does generally shine during the relatively brief time he is on screen .
The complete show
The running order for the show was as follows :
It ’s Very Nice to Go Travelling ( performed by Frank Sinatra and company )
Frank ’s Time Machine ( Frank Sinatra and Joey Bishop )
Witchcraft ( performed by Frank Sinatra )
Timex promotional segment
Come On Bess ( performed by Sammy Davis Jnr . )
Oriental Wedding Celebration
Leona Irwin and the Tommy Hansen Dancers
Sammy Recalls the Oscars ( Sammy Davis Jnr . )
Shall We Dance ( Sammy Davis Jnr. and Peter Lawford )
Timex promotional segment
Fame and Fortune ( performed by Elvis Presley )
Stuck on You ( performed by Elvis Presley )
Love Me Tender / Witchcraft medley ( performed by Frank Sinatra and Elvis Presley )
Timex promotional segment
Love Makes You Feel So Young ( performed by Frank and Nancy Sinatra )
Let ’s Dance ( Nancy Sinatra )
Goodbye ( Frank Sinatra ) .
What happened next ?
During the remainder of 1960 , Elvis would make two films ( “ G.I. Blues ” and “ Flaming Star ” ) , and release the great “ Elvis is Back ” and “ His Hand in Mine ” albums , and several exceptional singles , including “ Are You Lonesome Tonight ? ” and “ It ’s Now or Never . ”
Elvis was certainly back , if slightly more refined and less explosive than before he entered the army .
What of Elvis ’ relationships with the cast of the special ?
Elvis never worked with Frank Sinatra again , but the special had greatly altered Sinatra ’s view of Elvis .
They did n’t really move in the same circles , but would remain on friendly terms for the rest of Elvis ’ life .
When Elvis died , Sinatra had this to say :
There have been many accolades uttered about Elvis ’ talent and performances through the years , all of which I agree with wholeheartedly .
I shall miss him dearly as a friend .
He was a warm , considerate and generous man .
This was in stark contrast to Sinatra ’s original assessment of Elvis in the 1950s .
Elvis and Frank on the set of “ Frankie and Johnny ” in 1965 ( left ) and with Fred Astaire in Vegas in 1969 ( right )
Elvis was already friends with Sammy Davis Jr. at the time of the special and their friendship would continue into the 1970s .
Sammy would often turn up to watch Elvis ’ show in Vegas .
He once said of Elvis “ On a scale of one to ten , I would rate Elvis eleven . ”
Elvis and Sammy on the set of King Creole in 1958 ( left ) and at Elvis ’ aftershow party in Vegas on August 10 , 1970 ( right )
Elvis and Nancy Sinatra co-starred in the 1968 movie “ Speedway , ” which had some good moments , but Elvis was nearing the end of the movie contracts and it was not his finest hour .
The two remained friends and later attended each others ’
Vegas openings .
“ Welcome Home Elvis ” is available on DVD via the links below :
Apparently no one would hire him .
" Markus " had fewer than 10 clients , ever , which means the New York Post provided over 10 percent of his customers .
Between this guy and Ashley Dupre , the Post really is an employer of hos .
Evony , the American - registered games company that was suing the British games blogger Bruce Everiss for libel in an Australian court over a series of highly critical blog posts , has dramatically dropped its case after just two days of hearings .
The company abruptly abandoned its case against Everiss , which was being heard in the supreme court in Sydney , halfway through the second day of the case – and is now facing a legal bill of A$ 114,000 ( £ 68,800 ) for the defence 's costs .
In a statement put out by Benjamin Gifford , the " vice development director " of Evony 's legal and intellectual property strategic division , the company said that it would not pursue the case in Australia or elsewhere .
He told the Guardian that the decision had been driven by criticism from players of the game .
" A lot of our players expressed opinions about the lawsuit , " he said , " and we reacted to that . "
Everiss , who lives in Coventry , declared himself " relieved " but noted that a quirk of the Australian legal process means that the case is not concluded until Evony pays a second tranche of A$ 80,000 of costs by 12 April .
If it does not , the case reconvenes .
Sources from the case suggested that Evony did not want the publicity to overshadow its launch of the next version of its game , Evony : Age II , which is due for release imminently .
Everiss , a 30 - year veteran of the UK games industry , has posted a series of blogposts on his bruceongames.com site since last summer in which he has said that Evony had previously been owned by a Chinese company , UMGE , and that it was linked to a Chinese " gold farming " business – which gets low - paid workers to earn virtual money in online games such as World of Warcraft , and then sells it , against the game 's rules , to other players .
He has also detailed connections between Evony 's owners and a company being sued by Microsoft for alleged click fraud on search engine adverts .
Evony denied the claims at the time and launched a furious legal attack on Everiss – and then to the surprise of many chose to pursue its lawsuit in Australia , where neither Everiss lives nor the company was headquartered .
It claimed that Everiss 's blog had readers there , but was accused of " libel tourism " in return .
Evony 's case began to break down during the second day when Gifford was cross-examined .
He admitted that his claim to have BA and MBA degrees were not true .
Everiss 's lawyers , led by Damian Sturzacker of Marque Lawyers , also established links between Evony and two companies , Regan Mercantile of Hong Kong – owned by a mysterious woman named Lu Lu – and Regan Mercantile of New York .
Under Australian libel law , only companies with fewer than 10 employees can sue for libel .
Sturzacker sought to demonstrate that Evony in effect employed more than 10 .
The court also heard that the company had 14 vacancies .
Separately , Everiss has posted a series of photographs apparently from the company 's Chinese development arm showing a huge development team at work in Guangzhou , China – though this was not presented as evidence in the case .
If Evony does not pay an A$ 80,000 tranche of costs by 12 April , then the case could resume – although Everiss 's team expects that it could win a summary judgement .
The costs of Evony 's legal team , including Ric Lucas , the chair of the Australian Law Society 's libel committee , could be double the A$ 114,000 that it has to pay Everiss 's side .
However , Evony is believed to be highly profitable , although its exact financial position is unclear , as its revenues are remitted to Regan Mercantile .
Everiss 's legal team had questioned its decision to bring the case in Australia rather than the UK , where Everiss lives , or the US , where Evony has been registered as a business in the US since 22 July 2009 , according to documents filed with the court on Tuesday – though Everiss 's first post about the company was on 10 July that year .
A previous hearing in December was due to help settle the matter , but Evony changed its legal team – moving from suburban Sydney firm Warren McKeown Dickson to Canberra - based Colquhoun Murphy – and the hearing was delayed .
The Dreyfus case underscored and intensified bitter divisions within French politics and society .
The fact that it followed other scandals — the Boulanger affair , the Wilson case , and the bribery of government officials and journalists that was associated with the financing of the Panama Canal — suggested that the young French Republic was in danger of collapse .
The controversy involved critical institutions and issues , including monarchists and republicans , the political parties , the Catholic Church , the army , and strong anti-Semitic sentiment .
Alfred Dreyfus , an obscure captain in the French army , came from a Jewish family that had left its native Alsace for Paris when Germany annexed that province in 1871 .
In 1894 papers discovered in a wastebasket in the office of a German military attaché made it appear that a French military officer was providing secret information to the German government .
Dreyfus came under suspicion , probably because he was a Jew and also because he had access to the type of information that had been supplied to the German agent .
The army authorities declared that Dreyfus ’ handwriting was similar to that on the papers .
Despite his protestations of innocence he was found guilty of treason in a secret military court - martial , during which he was denied the right to examine the evidence against him .
The army stripped him of his rank in a humiliating ceremony and shipped him off to [ life imprisonment on ]
Devil ’s Island , a penal colony located off the coast of South America .
The political right , whose strength was steadily increasing , cited Dreyfus ’ alleged espionage as further evidence of the failures of the Republic .
Édouard Drumont ’s right - wing newspaper La Libre Parole intensified its attacks on the Jews , portraying this incident as further evidence of Jewish treachery .
Dreyfus seemed destined to die in disgrace .
He had few defenders , and anti-Semitism was rampant in the French army .
An unlikely defender came to his rescue , motivated not by sympathy for Dreyfus but by the evidence that he had been “ railroaded ” and that the officer who had actually committed espionage remained in position to do further damage .
Lieutenant Colonel Georges Picquart , an unapologetic anti-Semite , was appointed chief of army intelligence two years after Dreyfus was convicted .
Picquart , after examining the evidence and investigating the affair in greater detail , concluded that the guilty officer was a Major named Walsin Esterhazy .
Picquart soon discovered , however , that the army was more concerned about preserving its image than rectifying its error , and when he persisted in attempting to reopen the case the army transferred him to Tunisia .
A military court then acquitted Esterhazy , ignoring the convincing evidence of his guilt .
Microsoft agreed to give Windows users a choice of internet browser
Millions of European Internet Explorer ( IE ) users will have the option to choose an alternative browser from 1 March , Microsoft has announced .
It follows a legal agreement between Microsoft and Europe 's Competition Commission in December 2009 .
Microsoft committed to letting Windows PC users across Europe install the web browser of their choice , rather than having Microsoft IE as a default .
Figures suggest that over half the world 's internet users have IE .
Testing for the update is already underway in the UK , Belgium and France .
The software update choice will arrive automatically for Windows XP , Windows Vista and Windows 7 customers , according to a blog post by Dave Heiner , Microsoft 's vice president and deputy general counsel .
The blog also contains screen grabs of the message as it will appear .
" Users who get the choice screen will be free to choose any browser or stick with the browser they have , as they prefer , " wrote Mr Heiner .
Google Chrome , Firefox , Safari and Opera are among the alternative browsers that people will be offered .
" Millions of people who have never really thought about which browser to use will now be forced to make a choice , " said BBC technology correspondent Rory Cellan - Jones on his blog .
" That presents Microsoft 's rivals with a unique marketing opportunity . "
Mozilla Foundation chair Mitchell Baker described the news as " an important milestone towards helping people take control of their online lives . "
Why ABC News thought bringing in the CEO of a rival network as a pundit was a good idea is beyond me but one of the bright spots was getting to watch Paul Krugman call out Ailes to his face .
Krugman hits Ailes for Fox 's ' deliberate misinformation ' on the health care bill and doing their part to make sure that the general public does not know what is in it .
WILL : So I do n't think that when a man gets up and gives a speech full of cognitive dissonance , saying Washington is corrupt , Washington is annoying ( ph ) , Washington is tiresome , Washington is dysfunctional , and Washington should have a much bigger role in American life , I think that -- that breeds , you might say , a kind of distrust and cynicism .
WALTERS : ( inaudible ) slash and burn ....
KRUGMAN : If I can just -- you know , what bothers me is not the nasty language .
Glenn
Beck does n't , you know , it 's not -- what bothers me is the fact that people are not getting informed , that we are going through major debates on crucial policy issues ; the public is not learning about them .
And you know , you can say , well , they can read the New York Times , which will tell them what they need to know , but you know , most people do n't .
They do n't read it thoroughly .
They get -- on this health care thing , I 'm a little obsessed with it , because it 's a key issue for me .
People did not know what was in the plan , and some of that was just poor reporting , some of it was deliberate misinformation .
I have here in front of me when President Obama said , you know , why -- he said rhetorically , why are n't we going to do a health care plan like the Europeans have , with a government - run program , and then proceeds to explain whey he 's different .
On Fox News , what appeared was a clipped quote , " why do n't we have a European - style health care plan ? "
Right , deliberate misinformation .
All of that has contributed to a situation where the public ...
AILES : Wait a minute , wait a minute ...
KRUGMAN : I can show you the clip , and you can ...
( CROSSTALK )
AILES : The American people are not stupid ...
KRUGMAN : No , they 're not stupid .
They are uninformed .
AILES : If you say -- if ( inaudible ) words are in the Constitution , if the founding fathers managed -- they did n't need 2,000 pages of lawyers to hide things , then tell , then tell ...
KRUGMAN : Oh , come on .
Legislation always is long .
AILES : ... then tell people it's an emergency that we get it , but it wo n't go into effect for three years .
So you do n't have time to read it , you ...
( CROSSTALK )
KRUGMAN : People , again , this was a plan that is -- it 's actually a Republican plan .
It 's Mitt Romney 's health care plan .
People were led to believe that it was socialism .
That 's -- and that was deliberate .
That was n't just poor reporting .
Recently , France passed a ' three strikes ' law that would see repeat pirates disconnected by their ISP .
The law gives Internet users three chances before disconnecting them ; the first time they are caught , users are sent a warning via email .
Then , they receive letter in the post .
Finally , if they are caught a third time , their ISP will terminate their connection , cutting them off from the Internet .
The Guardian reports that Hollywood lobbyists are pushing for a similar law to come into play in the United States .
Inside information comes from Ari Emanuel , a co-chief of Hollywood 's biggest talent agency and the brother of the White House Chief of Staff ; Ari says the industry has been discussing tougher anti-piracy laws with President Obama outside of the public eye .
“ We are in the midst of talking to the president and some attorney generals and [ we are ] trying to implement a three strikes and you ’re out rule , ” Emanuel said , according to the Guardian .
Emanuel 's revelation was made at the Abu Dhabi Media Summit , where other industry heads also expressed their support for tougher piracy laws .
James Murdoch claims piracy is no different to " going into a store and stealing Pringles or a handbag . "
" We need enforcement mechanisms and we need governments to play ball …
There is no difference with going into a store and stealing Pringles or a handbag and taking this stuff , " said Murdoch .
" It 's a basic condition for investment and economic growth and there should be the same level of property rights whether it's a house or a movie . "
By Jane Wakefield
Technology reporter , BBC News
Thousands of letters have been sent Mobile firm O2 has stepped into the row over thousands of controversial letters that are being sent to alleged illegal file - sharers in the UK .
It condemned the attempts " by rights holders and their lawyers to bully or threaten our customers " .
The row centres around UK law firm ACS : Law and its client DigiProtect , an anti-piracy firm which represents a series of content owners .
ACS : Law denies that its letters are bullying in nature .
" Neither we nor our clients threaten or bully anyone .
We send out letters of claim to account holders of internet connections where those internet connections have been identified as being utilised for illegal file - sharing of our clients ' copyrighted works , " said Andrew Crossley of ACS : Law .
" Our letter makes an enquiry in that regard and invites the recipient of our letter to respond to this evidence .
In addition they are invited to enter into a compromise to avoid litigation , " he added .
The firm is in the process of contacting thousands of alleged UK pirates and offers them the chance to settle out of court for around £ 500 per infringement .
O2 's broadband customers are among those sent letters .
" Where we are legally obliged to provide information and the correct paperwork is presented , we will comply with the law , " said an O2 spokesman .
" But we prefer the ' win - win ' approach of encouraging the development of new business models that offer customers the content they want , how they want it , for a fair price , " he added .
One - off payment
My clients are losing money because of copyright infringement and they are equally upset that their copyright is being stolen
Andrew Crossley , ACS : Law ACS : Law says it has so far identified around 60,000 different UK IP addresses , which reveal the identity of individual computers .
It is in the process of applying for court orders which would force the internet service provider behind the IP address to hand over the physical address of the individual connected to the computer .
Not all IP addresses will result in a physical address because one machine can generate more than one IP address and , in some cases , the ISP is unable to find the real address .
ACS : Law estimates that for every 1,000 IP addresses it requests court orders for it will get around 400 actual addresses .
Investigation Many of the cases already under way were passed on to ACS : Law by another law firm , Davenport Lyons , which originally began the claims .
Davenport Lyons has been subject to an investigation by the Solicitors Regulation Authority over its role in sending letters to alleged pirates .
The SRA confirmed to the BBC that two of the partners , Brian Miller and David Gore , have been referred to its disciplinary tribunal .
" We are very aware of the public and parliamentary concern about the issue behind the Davenport Lyons complaint , " said a SRA spokesman .
ACS : Law is also being investigated by the SRA .
ACS : Law declined to say how many of the cases it is pursuing have been settled out of court or how many have been dropped but Mr Crossley said that " some are in court at the moment " .
The process used by ACS : Law has courted controversy because the accuracy of methods used to identify pirates .
Experts argue that an IP address cannot be used as evidence in court because it is not proof that the owner of the PC was actually responsible for the downloading .
Hundreds of people have complained to consumer watchdog Which ? , saying that they have been wrongly accused , including pensioners who claim they do n't know how to download content .
It has caused distress to some of the accused , particularly as some of the content they are accused of downloading is hardcore pornography .
' Scared '
The Murdochs were wrongly accused of illegal file - sharing " My clients are losing money because of copyright infringement and they are equally upset that their copyright is being stolen , " said Mr Crossley .
He declined to identify any of the clients represented by DigiProtect , beyond saying " there are a variety , some in music , some computer games and some in adult content movies " .
In the UK the government has toughened its stance on illegal downloading and its new policy , if approved by the parliament , will see letters sent to people believed to be involved in illegal downloading " The notifications will " guide recipients towards legal services " and " may refer to the prospect of court action " , according to UK music industry representative BPI .
The BPI said it has no intention of following a similar path to ACS : Law .
But Mr Crossley threw down the gauntlet to other rights holders .
" I think the BPI is letting its members down .
I think they are scared of alienating their customers , " he said .
" My clients do n't have the same fear .
They take the view that the people they target are n't their customers because they are stealing from them , " he said .
Mr Crossley said that the copyright owners got a fair share of the revenue generated by the process .
" After my expenses the copyright owner is the largest single beneficiary , " he said .
Another law firm has recently begun issuing similar letters .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The Human Rights Campaign -- the lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender civil rights organization -- did not find find a David Letterman joke last night about the appointment of transgender Amanda Simpson to a senior position at the U.S. Department of Commerce funny .
The group sent a letter today to Letterman and CBS Corp. expressing disappointment and asking for a public apology .
In a skit during Letterman 's opening monologue , the Late Show host announced Simpson 's historic appointment and revealed that she is transgender , displaying a photograph of her .
The show 's announcer , Alan Kalter , then feigned " trans panic , " implying he had some prior relationship with Simpson but was not aware of her gender history , and ran yelling from the stage .
In the letter , the Human Rights group writes : " You may not be aware that the punch line in your skit has been used as a defense in nearly every hate crime perpetrated against transgender people that has come to trial .
For example , the ' trans panic ' defense was infamously used by Allen Ray Andrade , who was convicted in 2009 of beating 19 - year - old Angie Zapata to death with a fire extinguisher after learning of her gender history . "
Simpson , 48 , who started her job yesterday as senior technical advisor to the Department of Commerce , has said the fact she was " Mitch " before becoming Amanda is relevant if only to illustrate the need for greater equality .
Grassley : Trump tax info should n't have gotten out
" That information should have never gotten out , and whoever got it out violated the law , " Grassley said .
Polyvinyl acetate or PVA is a rubbery synthetic polymer .
It can also be referred to as PVAc .
It is prepared by polymerization of vinyl acetate , also referred to as VAM .
Partial or complete hydrolysis of the polymer is used to prepare polyvinyl alcohol .
Hydroylized alcohol product is typically in the 87 % to 99 % range ( converted PVA ) .
It was discovered in Germany by Dr. Fritz Klatte in 1912 .
PVA is sold , as an emulsion in water , as an adhesive for porous materials , particularly wood .
It is the most commonly used wood glue , both as " white glue " and the yellow " carpenter 's glue " , the former also used extensively to glue other materials like paper and cloth and also holds cigarettes together .
PVA is widely used in book making and book arts due to its flexibility and because it is not acidic like many polymers .
Elmer 's Glue is a popular brand of white PVA glue sold in the United States .
Click to expand ...
It has never been a secret that the majority of files being shared over BitTorrent are movies and music that are likely being shared illegally .
( Sorry , Linux distro nerds . )
Princeton senior Sauhard Sahi confirmed this recently after setting out to survey the content available on BitTorrent and , although there are caveats to his findings , they highlight the relationship DRM has with illegal file sharing .
As in : the more DRM there is on the legit versions of the content , the more popular it is on P2P .
Sahi chose a random sample of 1,021 files from the trackerless Mainline DHT and classified them by file type , language , and apparent copyright status .
He found that nearly half ( 46 percent ) of files were nonpornographic movies and TV shows — the largest single category of content .
14 percent of the files were porn , tied with the 14 percent dedicated to games and software .
Just 10 percent of the files were classified as music , and one percent were books and guides .
Sahi also analyzed whether the content was infringement , checking to see if was in the public domain , freely available via legitimate channels , or user - generated content .
Based on this study , 100 percent of the movie / TV show sample was found to be infringing , as well as all of the music torrents .
Seven of the 148 files in games / software were found to be noninfringing ( two were Linux distros ) , and one of the 145 porn files was given the benefit of the doubt as noninfringing .
Overall , about one percent of the total files were categorized as " likely noninfringing . "
So , people largely use P2P to pirate stuff — big surprise .
It 's the types of files and in what ratios that show us why people share media illegally , however .
Music was once the only reason to use P2P networks , and the record industry long feared that going DRM - free would only aid in a massive explosion of illegal file sharing .
That has obviously not been the case — P2P users can now share their DRM - free MP3s easier than ever , and yet this category is one of the smallest of all files shared .
And it makes sense : why would you bother going to BitTorrent , which may have misnamed and poorly encoded MP3s , when you could easily spend less than a dollar , getting exactly what you want from a place that you trust ?
Movies and TV shows , on the other hand , are hugely popular on Bit Torrent — a trend that seems to mysteriously coincide with the heavy DRM and restrictions that come with that kind of content .
DVD encryption , browser restrictions , DRM on downloads from iTunes or Amazon — there 's effectively no way for consumers to buy this content without restrictions , so they 're turning to P2P to get it .
XKCD says it best :
Of course , Sahi 's results are only from Mainline and may not reflect the entire P2P system as a whole .
His data also includes all files being shared , some of which may not be getting any downloads , while others are being downloaded en masse .
Still , it 's reasonable to assume that most users share what 's in demand , and what 's in demand right now is heavily - DRMed movies , movies , TV , and movies .
Our goal is to cut down on the usage of energy , by educating the public on unplugging their cell phone chargers , and other helpful facts on saving the environment .
Before you get too excited about the new federal rules on deceptive credit card practices going into effect today , consider this : there are still plenty of ways to get hosed .
Nine months ago , President Obama signed the Credit CARD
Act , which ended practices like " any time for any reason " increases on existing balances or late bill mailings , Sunday due dates , and other tricks that result in late payment penalties , for example , according to Americans for Fairness in Lending
That 's great , but credit card companies have found all sorts of new ways to make up for the lost revenue ( at least $ 12 billion a year , according to Morrison & Foerster as noted recently in the Wall Street Journal ) .
So , what to watch for ?
In one of the great unmentioned effects of the earthquake in Haiti , women and young girls are suffering a rising number of rapes and sexual assaults , according to leading aid agencies .
So widespread are the reports – and they include the rape of a girl of 12 by her rescuer after she was pulled out from the rubble – that emergency measures are now being taken .
Displaced men and women patrol some camps with makeshift arms to ward off attackers ; girls wear jeans under their skirts for protection if they go out after dark ; temporary women - only health centres are being set up ; and NGOs try to deliver aid to dangerous neighbourhoods where women are too scared to go out in search for food .
Sarah Spencer , gender - based violence co-ordinator for the International Rescue Committee ( IRC ) , who arrived in Port - au - Prince two weeks ago , said : " Violence against women was a problem in Haiti before this crisis .
Now , women and girls are dramatically more vulnerable to attack .
The humanitarian community focuses on food , water and shelter , understandably , but this is at the sake of protection for women .
Criminal gangs have regrouped ; security is poor ; people are sleeping in the streets , too frightened to go inside or else in crowded , unlit camps , surrounded by strangers .
Many women have been left without male protection because their husbands or brothers were killed .
All of this means the risk to women in post - disaster Haiti have elevated dramatically . "
Ms Spencer met two women looking for help for their female colleague who had been raped on the street the night before .
The victim had been unable to find medical help – emergency contraception , antibiotics and retroviral drugs – because many of the health centres that care for victims of sexual attacks were destroyed or badly damaged in the earthquake .
About half an hour outside the capital , the Ti Source camp is home to 3,000 people who came to the hilly ground to escape their flattened homes in the town of Mariani .
Scared by reports of rapes in the town below and neighbouring camps , Martine Josil , 24 , persuaded some of the men in the camp to form a security group .
Ms Josil said : " After the earthquake we felt very afraid because people were talking about rapes and robberies in other camps .
We were all sleeping out in the open on the streets and things were very chaotic .
There were many women who had lost their husbands and they felt very vulnerable .
We did n't want to get raped so we asked the guards to protect us . "
The men , and some women , carry makeshift weapons – iron bars and knives – and guard the camp throughout the night in groups of five .
Jean Michelet Cornet , 30 , is one of the 21 volunteer security guards at Ti Source who makes sure everyone is in their tent after dark , and then checks for any strangers .
He said : " We are here to protect the women in our camp from sexual abuse or even beatings from their husbands .
We have machetes , iron bars and ropes to protect the women in our camp . "
In addition , girls are being told to wear jeans under their skirts after dark because they are more difficult to cut .
But according to Sheelagh Kathy Mangones , country programme co-ordinator for Haiti from the UN Development Fund for Women , these ad hoc measures alone are not enough .
Violence , especially sexual violence , always escalates after a major disaster when security is unstable and women are forced to live in the open , in close proximity to unknown men .
Last week Marjolein Jacobs from Plan International visited two camps in the southern city of Jacmel , one in Pichinat where nearly 4,000 people are sleeping under plastic sheets .
Several women have been subjected to violent attacks here already .
The second , the Wolf camp , is much smaller , with about 400 people .
An attempted rape of a 14 - year - old girl on 29 January was thwarted by people who heard her screams .
There is neither security nor any lights in either camp .
There is no privacy even to wash .
Ms Jacobs said : " We need to talk to the girls and identify those most vulnerable , make sure they know how to try to keep safe .
We need to get patrols and security set up in every camp .
And we must find out who is left in the justice system , the police , with knowledge about gender - based violence .
We must act to protect women now . "
In Port -au - Prince , two female health centres have been set up by the International Rescue Committee in the past week , providing rape victims with life - saving medical treatment such as retroviral drugs which protect against HIV .
More than 5 per cent of the adult population have HIV / Aids in Haiti , the highest rate outside Africa .
ActionAid is delivering food and water to poor neighbourhoods where women are too scared to leave their homes and walk to aid distribution points , in case they can't get home before sunset .
Street gangs have regrouped and prisoners have escaped , including members of some of Haiti 's most infamous gangs .
Street lighting is still poor , which makes parts of the city too dangerous to risk getting stuck outside after dark .
IRC , ActionAid and Plan are trying to target distribution to women and children .
Rates of sexual and domestic violence against women and girls in Haiti are among the highest in the world .
In the days after the earthquake , a Swiss doctor , Olivier Hagon , told the Swiss newspaper Le Temps that he treated a young girl , no older than 12 , for vaginal tears after she had been pulled out from under the rubble and then raped by her rescuer .
Rape was used as a political weapon during the armed rebellion which ousted President Jean - Bertrand Aristide in February 2004 , and attacks by groups of armed men have remained high ever since .
Rape was criminalised only in 2005 but , as with domestic abuse , it remains shrouded in shame .
Victims are often forced out of school and ostracised by their communities .
Many victims do not report violence because they have little faith in the criminal justice system , according to Taina Bien - Aimé , director of the US - based human rights organisation Equality Now .
Three of the country 's most prominent women 's rights activists were killed in last month 's earthquake .
In a country where the law and infrastructure were already fragile , their deaths have been deeply felt , but those left know they must regroup as soon as possible , said Ms Bien - Aimé , who lost several members of her own extended family in the earthquake .
For Zeek.net
On September 11 , 2001 , my office building , the World Trade Center , was attacked by al Qaeda , a murder cult of Saudi Arabians , funded by Saudi Arabians .
And so , in response to the Saudis ' attack , America invaded … Afghanistan .
Like , HUH ?
And here we go again .
New York Times headline last Friday : “ Pakistani Army , In Its Campaign In Taliban Stronghold , Finds A Hint Of 9/11 . ”
Google it and you 'll find the Times report repeated and amplified 5,785 times more .
Taliban = 9/11 . Taliban = 9/11 . Taliban = 9/11 .
Your eyelids are getting heavy .
Taliban = 9/11 . Taliban = 9/11 .
It 's the latest hit from the same crew that brought you Saddam = 9/11 and its twin chant , Saddam = WMD , Dick Cheney 's chimerical tropes which the New York Times ' Judith Miller happily channeled to the paper 's front page .
And they 're at it again .
Every war begins with a lie .
In addition to Saddam = WMD , I 'm old enough to remember the Gulf of Tonkin resolution authorizing the war in Vietnam , based on a fictional Vietnamese gunboat attack on our Navy .
( White House recordings have Lyndon Johnson gloating privately , “ Hell , those damn stupid [ US ] sailors were just shooting at flying fish . ” )
In the Glorious War against the Taliban in Afghanistan , the lie is thus : al Qaeda is “ based ” in Taliban - controlled Afghanistan .
If we do n't fight the wily Taliban , as the British once fought the wily Pathan , al Qaeda will attack America again from Talibanistan .
The latest Taliban=9/11 fantasy is a yarn spun wildly outward from the finding of a passport of an al Qaeda flunky who worked with suicide pilot Mohammed Atta in the same mountain area where , years later , a Taliban group operated .
It 's a stretch , but when you want to sell a war , it will do .
But selling the re-invasion of Afghanistan requires a repetition of Lie # 1 : that the original attack on the World Trade towers and the Pentagon were planned from Afghanistan 's and Pakistan 's mountains with the connivance of the Taliban .
It 's not true , of course .
The September 11 attack was neither organized nor directed from Afghanistan by the Taliban .
In fact , as our BBC Report found , it was clear that the attack on my friends and co-workers was planned and carried out by al Qaeda operations in Falls Church , Virginia ; Paris , France ; Sarasota , Florida ; Hamburg , Germany ; ” ” and , I repeat , funded and manned from Saudi Arabia .
Neither the Sunshine State nor the Aryan namesake of the original beef patty sandwich were , nor are they now , convenient targets for a revenge attack by the 101st Airborne .
And revenge was what it was and remains : on September 11 the skunks hit us and we , goddamnit , were going to HIT BACK .
ANYONE .
SOMEONE .
So we hit the odious , and conveniently weak , Taliban , who'd , undeniably , given refuge to killer Osama bin Laden .
Though let us not forget that Osama ’s safe passage from the Sudan to Afghanistan was initially encouraged by the US government .
Today , we continue to throw our soldiers ' bodies into Afghanistan , and our drones ’ rockets into Pakistan , to deny al Qaeda the supposed base from which to strike us again .
The media is eating it up and swallowing it whole .
For example , CNN quotes a Pakistani from the Afghan border area , “ Probably your next 9/11 is going to be from Swat . ”
That 's not true either , of course :
In the extraordinarily unlikely event Osama remains in the “ caves of Tora Bora ” ( not where multi- millionaires with kidney disease tend to linger ) , any conceivable attack will be planned , funded and organized from comfy hotel rooms in Paris , Germany and Dubai as is the habit of these well - heeled hellions .
The truth is , we 're not in Afghanistan to stop al Qaeda 's US attackers , because they were n't “ based ” there in the first place , and their leaders are not there now .
So , why are we now re-invading Afghanistan ?
Beats me .
I just hope our President will give us a hint that does n’t involve some cockamamie fairytale about 9/11 and al Qaeda .
Now , please do n't get me wrong : the Taliban are monsters .
If you have any doubt , I suggest you read progressive journalist Michael Griffin 's masterful history of the Taliban , Reaping the Whirlwind .
( Published in early 2001 , Griffin presciently warned against the US policy of placating the Taliban . )
Undeniably , the Taliban gave sanctuary to bin Laden , but that does not make the Taliban guilty of planning and participating in the 9/11 attack .
However , the Taliban 's innocence in the 9/11 massacre does not wash their hands of the blood of Afghans , particularly Shia and Sufi Muslims , whom the Taliban have tortured , raped and murdered .
I can't say I shed tears for the Taliban when , after my office towers fell , US troops ended their sharia dictatorship .
And , honestly , there 's a case to be made that rocketing more Taliban , really nasty cutthroats that they are , is a laudable exercise .
But let 's not pretend it has anything to do with preventing another 9/11 .
And that 's the danger .
As the poet T.S. Eliot warned ,
“ The last temptation is the greatest treason
To do the right thing for the wrong reason . ”
Taliban = 9/11 ?
Innocents , by the thousands and thousands , have paid and will pay in blood for this treasonous falsehood .
*******
For BBC Television , Greg Palast reported on the US intelligence failures leading to the 9/11 attack .
Watch the BBC Newsnight episode or , for the full story , obtain a copy of the BBC documentary , Bush Family Fortunes , available on DVD .
Or , beginning today , you may download Bush Family Fortunes .
( Watch the Trailer ) .
The author is donating all proceeds of the sale of the film , Bush Family Fortunes , expanded from the BBC broadcast , to the Palast Investigative Fund , a not - for - profit foundation supporting investigative reporting .
100 % of your donations for the film disc or download go to the fund and are tax - deductible .
This story is expanded from Palast 's commentary in Zeek.net
www.GregPalast.com
Southern Turner Renewable Energy to Start First Solar Project This Month
March 15th , 2010 by Susan Kraemer
Wow !
Ted Turner ’s newest renewable investment firm ; Southern Turner Renewable Energy has wasted no time in signing its first solar plant , a 30 MW thin film PV project they just contracted from First Solar , within months after opening their doors for business .
Construction will start this month .
[ social_buttons ]
The brand new company began business last month to develop and invest in large - scale solar photovoltaic projects throughout the US Southwest .
It is a very smart alliance between CNN media mogul and philanthropist Ted Turner , who owns more land than any other individual in the US , and is an avid environmentalist – and Southern Company , an energy generation giant attempting to develop a greener sensibility .
Southern had looked into CCS for its next coal plant , ultimately decided against it ( greenhouse gases are only one issue with coal plants , after all , mining is still toxic ) and is taking its first step into renewable energy , in converting a 96 MW coal plant in Georgia to biomass from agricultural waste .
Now the giant is moving on from biomass boilers , to trying to develop completely fuel - free renewable energy like solar – and in allying with someone who holds the solution to solar ’s one problem : lots and lots of NIMBY - free land – the company is showing that this just might be a serious alliance .
For Turner , too , the alliance makes sense .
As one of the wealthiest environmentalists in the US , he was previously able to invest in renewable energy , but lacked the experience to make it work .
“ Southern Company ’s experience in power project development , construction and operations , and customer relations help make this a strong alliance , and I look forward to working together , ” says Turner .
Surprisingly , given all that private land supply , – and given the difficulties that land ownership could surmount for solar project development – the particular land in Northern New Mexico that this first project will be sited on is actually not quite on Turners land , but is right next to it .
First Solar , which just completed construction of a similar sized thin film solar project for PG&E in California , will handle the engineering , procurement and construction .
Already the power is spoken for .
The project ; Cimarron I has a power purchase contract for a 25 year supply of solar power with Tri-State Generation and Transmission Association , which supplies 44 electricity cooperatives in Colorado , Nebraska , New Mexico and Wyoming .
Ted Turner and First Solar are no strangers .
In 2007 , Ted Turner sold a previous renewable business investment , Turner Renewable Energy , LLC to First Solar .
Turners holdings amount to two million acres .
The new company will explore developing both his own land as well as other sites .
Great start .
Source : Recharge
More susan / ” target= ” _blank ” >
Cleantechnica from Susan Kraemer : Journalists on < a href= " http://www.twitter.com/dotcommodity " target= " _blank
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
Supporters of former presidential candidate Mitt Romney tend to fancy themselves red-blooded capitalists .
So it would probably upset them to learn they funded someone else 's business , and get none of the profit .
BlueSwarm LLC freely admits its fundraising management software was built for Romney , the remarkably lifelike 2008 Republican presidential contender .
Its pride is understandable from a marketing , if not legal , standpoint : the system attracted some favorable press during the campaign .
But the code 's use in subsequent campaigns by entirely different candidates , and its repurposing to fill BlueSwarm 's coffers , raises questions over whether Romney 's donors are getting a raw deal .
The same finance director who drove the custom software for Romney , Spencer Zwick , is now finance director for California gubernatorial candidate Meg Whitman .
And , go figure , Whitman is a prominently advertised BlueSwarm user , using the software to coordinate her fundraising operations .
It 's unclear how much , if anything , Whitman is paying to use the code .
But other politicians are paying " astronomical rates " for BlueSwarm access , an anonymous tipster claims .
Somehow we do n't think Romney 's many Utah Mormon donors would appreciate the spoils of their generosity being provided to candidates like Whitman , a " socially moderate , " gay - friendly female California CEO who supports ( at minimum ) civil unions for gay and lesbian couples .
Or being funneled to a closely - held LLC .
They probably should have found some way to properly liquidate their software assets at the end of the campaign ( * cough * ) .
If you know more about this tangled web of software , politics and money , do email us .
I mentioned the other day that I thought one way to improve racing in F1 would be to get rid of blue flags during races , which force cars that are about to be lapped to get out of the leaders ’ way .
There were some strong opinions for and against the idea , so I thought it deserved an article of its own .
Do you think blue flags should go ?
Read the arguments for and against below and cast your vote .
Should blue flags be banned in F1 ?
Yes ( 31 % )
Not entirely - the rules should be relaxed ( 30 % )
No , not at all ( 38 % ) Total Voters : 3,805
Loading ... Loading ...
For
The rule
The FIA International Sporting Code gives an innocent enough explanation for the use of the blue flags :
The flag should normally be shown to a car about to be lapped and , when shown , the driver concerned must allow the following car to pass at the earliest opportunity .
Appendix H to the International Sporting Code , article 2.4.5.1 ( d )
The interpretation of the rules applied in F1 makes life very easy for the leaders .
Once the driver to be lapped has been shown a blue flag for the first time they must yield before passing two further blue flags .
As marshal ’s posts are quite close together , in practice this means pulling over almost immediately .
A better version of the rule
This is the toughest rule for lapped cars in any racing series I can think of .
Watch an IndyCar race and you can see how well not having blue flags works .
It keeps the leaders ’ progress in check .
In F1 a leader passing a backmarker is mundane and uninteresting – in IndyCar the ability to work through traffic quickly is a vital skill the leader must possess .
It also provokes strategy changes – a driver catching a bunch of three or four cars may opt to make an early pit stop .
Remember we ’ve seen some of F1 ’s best ever passes when a leader hesitated behind a backmarker , allowing his pursuer to sweep past them both – think Nigel Mansell and Ayrton Senna at the Hungaroring in 1989 .
There ’s much discussion at the moment about why F1 often fails to produce exciting races and I think the blue flag rule plays a significant , but subtle , role .
Overtaking
At Bahrain we saw once again how F1 cars are incapable of following another one closely because of their sensitivity to the aerodynamic wake and hot exhaust gases of the leading car .
Designers optimise their cars to work best in clean air .
But would that be the case if the front runners knew lapped cars were n’t going to scurry out of their path as soon as they catch them , and they might have to spend a lap or two finding a way past ?
I suspect we would see them going to the grid with larger radiators and other changes to allow them to follow other cars more closely .
As far as encouraging closer and more entertaining racing goes , that ’s the Holy Grail .
Against
The Fontana problem
We all remember how Ferrari leant on Norberto Fontana , in his Ferrari - engined Sauber , to hold up Jacques Villeneuve during the 1997 title decider , and no - one wants to see such egregiously unsportsmanlike conduct .
Getting rid of the blue flag rule could allow that sort of thing to happen again .
I say
Get rid of blue flags or keep them ?
It ’s a ‘ lesser of two evils ’ call – and I ’m broadly in favour of getting rid of them .
I can only think of a few similar incidents of the Fontana types .
Repeats can be prevented with stern words in the drivers ’ briefing and vigorous stewarding .
And if we ’re going to talk about abuses arising from not having blue flags , we must acknowledge that having them is n’t foolproof either .
On some occasions over - zealous marshals have forced drivers to yield positions when they should n’t have to .
The way I see it , F1 currently has an extreme interpretation of the blue flag rule which should be revised but not pushed to the opposite extreme .
We do not want to see backmarkers aggressively defending their position from the race leaders .
I think there ’s a lot to be gained from relaxing the blue flags rule .
It would cause some complaints if it were changed tomorrow , but if it focuses people ’s minds on how to make F1 cars follow each other more closely then that ’s a good thing .
You say
Made your mind up on blue flags ?
Cast your vote above and have your say in the comments below .
Read more : The Blue Flag Debate
Image ( C ) Lotus F1
Apple today patched 92 vulnerabilities , a third of them critical , in a record update to its Leopard and Snow Leopard operating systems .
Security Update 2010 - 002 plugged 92 holes in the client and server editions of Mac OS X 10.5 and Mac OS X 10.6 , breaking a record that has stood since March 2008 .
The update dwarfed any released last year , when Apple ‘s largest patched 67 vulnerabilities .
“ The sheer number , it ’s almost so daunting that you do n’t even want to look , ” said Andrew Storms , director of security operations at nCircle Network Security .
Today ’s security roll - up fixed flaws in 42 different applications or operating system components in Mac OS X , from AppKit and Application Firewall to unzip and X11 , the Mac ’s version of the X Window System .
Eighteen of the vulnerabilities were specific to the older Leopard operating system , while 29 were specific to Snow Leopard .
The remaining 45 affected both , which are the only editions that Apple currently supports .
Users running Leopard will patch 63 vulnerabilities , while Snow Leopard users face a total of 74 flaws .
The update brings Snow Leopard to version 10.6.3 , making this the third major update to the OS that Apple launched in August 2009 .
Apple also addressed a list of nearly 30 non-security issues in the 10.6.3 update .
Leopard users , meanwhile , received only the security patches .
More than 40 % of the vulnerabilities patched today , 37 out of the 92 , were accompanied by the phrase “ may lead to arbitrary code execution , ” which is Apple ’s way of saying that a flaw is critical and could be used by attackers to hijack a Mac .
Apple does not assign ratings or severity scores to the bugs it patches , unlike other major software makers , such as Microsoft and Oracle .
Among the most noticeable patches were nine affecting QuickTime , Apple ’s media player , in Snow Leopard .
All nine were rated critical ; six had been reported to Apple by 3Com TippingPoint , which runs a bug bounty program called Zero Day Initiative .
TippingPoint was in the news much of last week as it again sponsored the Pwn2Own hacking contest at the CanSecWest security conference in Vancouver , British Columbia .
The company handed out $ 45,000 in prizes to five researchers for hacking the iPhone , as well as Apple ’s Safari , Microsoft ’s Internet Explorer and Mozilla ’s Firefox browsers .
Charlie Miller , the researcher who cracked Snow Leopard ’s security defenses to take down Safari , said today that Apple had not patched the vulnerability he used last Wednesday .
“ New patch does n’t fix pwn2own bug , ” Miller said via Twitter .
“ Sorry suckers , gonna have to wait for the next patch . ”
The timing of today ’s monster update did n’t come as a surprise to nCircle ’s Storms .
“ It ’s not suprising that they patched QuickTime , what with the pending iPad release , ” he said today , referring to the April 3 on - sale date for Apple ’s new media tablet .
Apple typically updates its iTunes music software , and the accompanying QuickTime player , before it releases new products that call on the former .
The iPad will use the iTunes store to serve up applications and media content to customers .
“ For the same reason , I ’m going to guess that Apple will also update the iPhone OS this week , ” Storms added .
The security update can be downloaded from the Apple site or installed using Mac OS X ’s integrated update service .
Gregg Keizer covers Microsoft , security issues , Apple , Web browsers and general technology breaking news for Computerworld .
Follow Gregg on Twitter at @gkeizer or subscribe to Gregg ’s RSS feed .
His e-mail address is gkeizer@ix.netcom.com .
Read more about security in Computerworld ’s Security Knowledge Center .
Original story - here
Remember last April where I found out that Ruby on Rails was that quick compared to a PHP application ?
Remember when I told that it may be caused by FastCGI , but that I did n’t have the time to benchmark the thing properly ?
Well … today I needed to know .
This article is even larger than my usual articles , so I had to split it up and create an extended entry .
I hope you do n’t mind .
You see , if you think of it , FastCGI has some advantages over the common mod_php in Apache scenario that ’s so widespread these days .
Let me explain :
When you load PHP into Apache as a module ( using mod_php ) , each Apache process you run will also contain a PHP interpreter which in turn will load all the compiled in libraries which themselves are not exactly small .
This means that even if the Apache process that just started will only serve images , it will contain a PHP interpreter with all assigned libraries .
That in turn means that said Apache process uses a lot of memory and takes some time to start up ( because PHP and all the shared libraries it ’s linked to need to be loaded ) .
Wasted energy if the file that needs to be served in an image or a CSS file .
FastCGI in contrast loads the PHP interpreter into memory , keeps it there and Apache will only use these processes to serve the PHP requests .
That means that all the images and CSS , flashes and whatever other static content you may have can be served by a much smaller Apache process that does not contain a scripting language interpreter and that does not link in a bunch of extra libraries ( think libxml , libmysqlclient , and so on ) .
Even if you only serve pages parsed by PHP – maybe because you process your stylesheets with PHP and because you do something with the served images – you are theoretically still better off with FastCGI as Apache will recycle its processes here and then ( though that ’s configurable ) while FastCGI processes stay there .
And if you go on and need to load - balance your application , FastCGI still can provide advantages :
In the common load balancing scenario , you have a reverse proxy or a load balancer and a bunch of backend servers actually doing the work .
In that case , if you use FastCGI , the backend servers will be running your PHP application and noting else .
No web server loading an interpreter loading your script .
Just the interpreter and your script .
So you safe a whole lot of memory by not loading another web server in the backend ( Yes. FastCGI works over the network ) .
And if all that does not convince you :
You even get Unix rights separation for different virtual servers using a SuEXEC wrapper – a thing you do n’t get when you work with mod_php .
In that case , all PHP scripts are run directly by the Apache process and thus share the permissions – even across vhosts .
There are some Apache 2 + MPMs that try to fix that , but neither of them is stable and all of them are n’t really under development any more .
You can use SuEXEC with a standard CGI process , but the performance hit there is prohibitive .
Well , and if you continue all these thoughts , you ’ll end up with another possibility of optimization : Today ’s web applications do n’t need many of the features Apache provides :
They do n’t need to parse server side image maps .
They usually do n’t need server based authentication ( they do it themselves using forms and cookies ) , they do n’t need multiple competing alias implementations and they certainly do n’t need fancy directory indexes .
So maybe , one can even remove Apache out of the equation and replace it with something with fewer features and optimized for raw performance ?
Maybe something like LightTPD .
All that theory sounded quite interesting to me .
Is there a way to speed up PHP applications ?
Does FastCGI provide a viable way to run scrips of different vhosts as different Unix users ?
Is FastCGI really faster ?
Questions over questions .
And this time around , I went after the answers :
I created a VMWare Server based virtual machine running Gentoo Linux and tested ( using ab - c5 - n100 ) a PHP application using various settings .
These are the preconditions :
The page I benchmarked was the unauthenticated start page of a fairly large PHP application using a framework that ’s quite similar to Ruby on Rails considering the levels of indirection and count of file inclusions going on .
I used the unauthenticated start page because building that one involves next to no database queries which was important as I wanted to test the performance of the web server and PHP , not the performance of the database .
I did n’t use a simple test page , as I wanted real - life results , not canned ones .
For each test , I completely rebuilt the server environment by resetting the virtual machine to a clean state .
CFLAGS were conservative ( - O2 )
I did n’t tweak the configuration of the used programs at all .
This was done because I know the involved programs to various degrees ( Apache is well - known to me , while LightTPD is n’t ) .
So I trusted the OS package maintainer to provide a usable initial configuration .
Also , this allows you to recreate the experiment easily and it saved me from quite a lot of work .
All tests were done with ab - c5 - n100 , which I ran six times .
I removed the worst and the best result and took the median of the remaining 4 runs .
I do n’t think that was necessary as the results were pretty constant over the runs .
, which I ran six times .
I removed the worst and the best result and took the median of the remaining 4 runs .
I do n’t think that was necessary as the results were pretty constant over the runs .
I used the following software components ( all stock Gentoo ) :
Component Version USE - flags Apache 2.0.58 - ssl mpm-worker threads and - ssl mpm-prefork LightTPD 1.4.11 - gdbm fastcgi - ssl php PHP 5.1.4 - gentoo - r4 fastbuild - memlimit iconv postgres xml xmlreader tokenizer bzip2 pear - tiff - xpm cli ftp - berkdb curl bcmath curlwrappers - gdbm - jpeg -ncurses pcre - png - readline session simplexml - spell spl sqlite - truetype with apache2 and - apache2 cgi force - cgi- redirect ( cgi contains FastCGI support ) .
The used flags are the minimum requirements of the tested application .
mod_fcgid 1.0.8 – APC 3.0.10 mmap
The results are as follows ( in the order I made the tests .
Winners are bolded ) :
Requests /s Time per Request ( mean , ms ) Failures Apache ( prefork ) , mod_php 4.59 1089.647 0 Apache ( prefork ) , mod_php , APC 11.05 452.485 0 Apache ( prefork ) , FastCGI , php 4.89 1022.645 11 Apache ( prefork ) , FastCGI , php , APC 11.24 444.905 4 Apache ( worker ) , FastCGI , php 4.99 1001.935 12 Apache ( worker ) , FastCGI , php , APC 11.12 449.818 0 LightTPD , FastCGI , php 4.65 1075.088 0 LightTPD , FastCGI , php , APC 11.24 444.919 0
Notes :
The results you see here are not comparable to that other blog post I made as it ’s an entirely different configuration .
As some libraries used by PHP extension are not thread save , one should not use mod_php with a threaded MPM .
That ’s why I did n’t either .
The failed requests where caused by the fastcgi process not answering in the allotted time .
In a mod_php scenario , Apache ( and the user ) keeps waiting , blocking the process and causing another one to start .
This is an example of a place where some tweaking is needed .
The glibc on the server was n’t compiled with NPTL enabled , so the worker MPM could be made a little faster I guess .
LightTPD needs some configuration tweaking to both php.ini and the fastcgi.conf to make PATH_INFO work which the tested PHP application depended on .
This is documented in the LightTPD manual .
My very rough notes ( ab output anonymized ) is available .
So in conclusion , I can say this :
APC is a must for larger PHP applications and it ’s time that piece of software is integrated into PHP
FastCGI is indeed faster than mod_php , but only by a very , very small difference .
The positive things I said above do apply though : User separation and better memory management because of more lightweight httpd - processes .
LightTPD is smaller compared to Apache , but the old school server is still faster .
The speed - differences between servers and technologies are negligible , so there ’s no need for you to move away from mod_php right now ( unless you are running out of RAM ) .
FastCGI indeed is an alternative to mod_php which could be very interesting in shared hosting scenarios .
Personally , before I did this test , I was certain that LightTPD would win the race .
Obviously , large software which is perceived bloated not necessarily is .
So , in the end , I hope , this was , is or will be useful for you .
If you have any recommendations and suggestions on how to benchmark better , faster , shiny - er or whatever , please do n’t hesitate to leave a comment here !
Svarga , the island utopia that 's also an innovative artificial ecosystem , is now back in Second Life .
First created in 2006 by a UK programmer known in SL as Laukosargas Svarog , last August it disappeared from the grid without much warning .
But now it 's returned intact , with its randomly wandering rainclouds and bees and birds and plant life .
I took the screenshot above last weekend , and now you can visit too : Direct SLurl teleport to Svarga at this link .
There is some mystery why it 's back now .
Last year after it had gone offline , Ms. Svarog told me she 'd sold it to Linden Lab , though she 's still currently listed as the owner .
( I 'm checking with the Lindens for confirmation . )
For now , be sure to visit the place Philip Linden often describes as coming to close to his original vision for Second Life .
Thanks to Lukas Mensing and everyone else who pinged me on this !
Update , 2:40 PM : Just got word from company PR rep Peter Linden : " Yes , Linden Lab purchased Svarga for much the same reason as we recently announced the Linden Endowment for the Arts : to provide a way for this high - quality experience to live on in the ever - changing world of Second Life . "
' Why does it taste like boogers ? ' singer jokes onstage .
During Saturday's ( March 27 ) 23rd annual Nickelodeon Kids ' Choice Awards , singer [ artist id = " 3274550 " ]
Katy Perry [ / artist ] joined an elite and very exclusive group whose members include Johnny Depp , Harrison Ford and Sandra Bullock .
In other words , she was slimed .
Clad in a skintight yellow dress and a bright blue wig , Perry took the KCA stage along with actor Jonah Hill to present the award for Favorite Movie Actress .
As Perry opened the box to reveal the winner 's name , she was met instead by a forceful green geyser of slime , which sent her flying to the floor and coated her face , outfit and fake hair .
" I can't see anything , " she exclaimed after emerging from a puddle of the slimy goo and hugging Hill .
" Why does it taste like boogers ? "
" You look great , " Hill reassured her .
When winner Miley Cyrus ' name was finally announced for the acting award , Perry made a move to hug the winner as she reached for her orange blimp .
" Do n't you dare , " Cyrus warned .
After dodging the singer stealthily , Cyrus joked , " Luckily , we both wear wigs , so it 's OK . "
Prior to Saturday 's ceremony , Perry tweeted , " Hope I do n't get none of that disgusting booger slime on me @ Kids Choice Awards 2 night ...
I 'll slap the ho that ruins my weave , nails , face ! "
Following her messy presentation , Perry simply tweeted , " Crap . "
Perry was one of several celebs , including " Twilight " actor Jackson Rathbone , to be slimed during the evening 's show .
This was not the first time Perry got a little dirty on an awards - show stage .
During 2008 's Los Premios , the " I Kissed a Girl " singer belly - flopped into a giant birthday cake , slipping on the icing and falling to the ground .
What did you think about Katy 's sliming ?
Let us know in the comments !
The developers from EA showed off a glimpse of their upcoming atmospheric sequel to Dead Space , Dead Space 2 .
The 30 second gameplay footage was shown at PAX East earlier today and is a bit blurry and out of focus at best but something is better than nothing .
Checkout the video below ( You might want to skip to 23:50 to get straight to the gameplay )
Isaac Clarke returns in Dead Space 2 , the sequel to Visceral Games ’ award - winning survival horror game , Dead Space .
In this all - new adventure , you ’ll meet new characters , explore new environments , and wield all - new weapons in your fight against the alien Necromorphs .
Dead Space 2 is scheduled to release for PC , PS3 and Xbox 360 later this year .
It has been revealed today that Sebastian Vettel , 22 , is in fact the secret love child of Jeremy Clarkson , 49 , of BBC TV’s Top Gear fame AND fellow star from the same programme , The Stig ( age unknown ) .
Mr Clarkson was unavailable for comment , but a close source explained that in the latter part of 1987 , whilst Jeremy was a rising motoring journalist , he and the Stig met at a party in London and had a one night stand .
They went their separate ways the following day , but when The Stig realised he was pregnant with Jeremy ’s child he got back in touch .
The Stig did not want an abortion but they both realised it would be bad for their respective careers to have to raise a child at this time .
They agreed that they would give him up for adoption in a place far away and found the Vettel family in Heppenheim , Germany who took in Sebastian when he was born in July 1987 .
Clarkson would make his TV debut on Top Gear the following year hoping this scandal would never catch up with him .
In 2002 the shocking truth almost came out as The Stig threatened to go to the papers as he had fallen on hard times , but Jeremy gave him a position on the show .
When Sebastian Vettel made it into Formula 1 in 2007 they immediately realised what had happened to their long lost son .
They were scared that people would recognise and notice Sebastian ’s similar looks and eccentric habits to Jeremy ’s and his inheritance of the great driving skills of The Stig .
Three years later and the truth is now finally out .
Sebastian Vettel is so shocked by the news that he may not be able to race in Malaysia .
Jeremy Clarkson has gone into hiding and The Stig is silent as always .
Democratic Rep. John Boccieri announced today on Capitol
Hill that he 'll switch his vote from " no " to " yes " on health care .
Boccieri , who represents a district that includes Canton , said at a news conference covered live on CNN that the new House bill allays concerns he had about reducing the deficit .
A new House health care bill unveiled Thursday would reduce the deficit by $ 138 billion over 10 years .
" I got coverage for these families here , " Boccieri said , flanked by people from Ohio's 16th Congressional District who told some of their health care stories .
OnPolitics colleague Richard Wolf reports today that President Obama 's top domestic priority faces a critical test when the House hopes to pass its revised bill , a $ 940 billion package that would expand coverage to 32 million Americans and impose new rules on the insurance industry .
Before announcing his vote , Boccieri said he understands people are angry at the partisan " displays " they see in Washington .
But , he said , " the world is changed not by critics but by leaders . "
Boccieri was one of 39 House Democrats to vote against health care legislation that narrowly passed the House in November .
Earlier in the week , Boccieri passed on an invitation from the White House to join Obama at a health care speech in Strongsville , Ohio .
The president has been doing a lot of one - on - one lobbying of his fellow Democrats to get votes for his health care plan .
Obama will once again appeal for public support today during a speech in Fairfax , Va .
Boccieri joins fellow Ohio Democrat Dennis Kucinich , Tennessee 's Bart Gordon and Colorado's Betsy Markey as switching from a " no " in November to saying they 'll vote " yes . "
( Note : Ohio Democrat Charlie Wilson voted " yes " in November and says he 'll vote " yes " on the new bill .
We posted earlier that he was switching votes . )
( Posted by Catalina Camia )
" They 're hot right now .
They 're playing some of their best basketball , " Morgan said .
" But we 're also hot right now .
We 're playing some of our best basketball . "
Michigan State is the only team from last year 's Final Four to make it back .
Heck , North Carolina , which demolished the Spartans in the title game , did n't even make the NCAA tournament .
Neither did Connecticut , and Villanova was knocked out in the second round .
How 's this for some symmetry ?
This happens to be the 10th anniversary of the " Flintstones , " the team that gave Michigan State its second national title .
Highlights from that run were included in the video montage of past championships that played on the Edward Jones Dome 's massive Jumbotron during halftime .
The Spartans ( 28 - 8 ) led by as many as eight in the second half , but Brian Williams pulled sixth - seeded Tennessee ( 28 - 9 ) within 69 - 68 on a putback with 2:10 left .
Korie Lucious , who took over as point guard after 2009 Big Ten player of the year Kalin Lucas ruptured his Achilles tendon last weekend , missed the front end of a 1 - and - 1 with 29 seconds left and Scotty Hopson got the rebound .
Hopson was fouled at the other end , and made the first .
But after a Michigan State timeout , he missed the second and Lucious -- generously listed at 5 - foot - 11 -- ended up with the rebound .
Morgan was fouled by J.P. Prince with 1.8 seconds left and made the first .
After timeouts by both teams , Morgan bricked the second shot on purpose .
Williams came up with the rebound and Tennessee called a quick timeout .
But Prince fumbled the inbounds pass and had to heave up a prayer from midcourt just before the buzzer .
" It 's just tough , 1 second , " Prince said .
" You want to shoot it perfect but you 've got to rush .
You do n't want it to come down to a half - court shot , but that 's what it came down to . "
Prince was n't even close , and Michigan State and its fans -- led by Johnson , the Spartan - in - chief -- began the celebration that 's practically become a rite of spring .
" What 's unique is it 's been a little bit more bumpy road , " Izzo said .
Bumpy ?
More like missing big chunks of asphalt .
While Izzo is a master at reloading on the fly , this might have been his toughest test .
In addition to Lucas ' injury , Delvon Roe is playing on a torn meniscus and Chris Allen is nursing an aching foot .
The Spartans have been forced to go with an offense - by - committee but , somehow , it works .
Durrell Summers , who 's taken over the bulk of the scoring , finished with 21 points on 8 - of - 10 shooting despite playing just 9 minutes in the first half because of foul trouble .
Morgan and Draymond Green added 13 each , and Morgan also had 10 rebounds .
" Things happen throughout the season , " Summers said .
" Once we got to tournament time , we said we 'll have a fresh start . "
Tennessee , meanwhile , will have to take comfort in knowing it got further than any other Volunteers team .
This was their first appearance in the regional finals , and there is no question they belonged .
They made their first six shots of the game -- going 4 for 4 from 3 - point range , shot 51 percent overall and had four players in double figures , led by senior Wayne Chism 's 13 points .
Prince finished with 12 on 5 - of - 5 shooting , and Williams had 11 .
" It 's going to stick with us , " senior Bobby Maze said .
" Anytime we watch college games or during tournament time , we 'll always come back to that very moment where we were just too short . "
Tennessee has long been a basketball powerhouse -- in women 's hoops .
But coach Bruce Pearl has energized the men's program , as evidenced by the orange - hued dome and the Vols ' first appearance in the regional final .
Few would have thought the Tennessee men would last longer than the top - seeded women , who were beaten by No. 4 Baylor on Saturday in the regional semifinals .
" We came to St. Louis expecting to win two games and we played pretty well both nights , " Pearl said .
" We saw all that orange out there .
This is n't close to home , either .
They got in their car and they drove here .
I think they enjoyed this group tremendously . "
Though they were going against a team that oozes experience -- " Final Fours are a big thing in this program , " Green said Saturday -- the Vols came in with swagger and strut .
But confidence is no match for toughness , and few can match that of Michigan State .
" I said [ before the game ] , ' You put yourself in a position where you have a chance to do something you talked about , ' " Izzo said .
" Not many people get a chance to do that . "
Some of the richest and most powerful men in the world are gathering in London tomorrow to discuss how to help the world 's poorest countries adopt climate change policies .
The UN aims to raise $ 100 bn a year for the rest of this decade to fund the changes in poorer countries .
Professor James Lovelock , who developed the Gaia theory that the Earth functions as a giant , self - regulating organism , gives his opinion of how climate change will change the planet .
A weekly comic strip , covering politics , pop culture , and the absurd .
Texas Textbook Excerpts
After signing the Declaration of Independence , the Founding Fathers signed a copy of " Footprints in the Sand . "
STREET SAFETY -
When crossing the street , look both ways for oncoming traffic and the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse .
HOW TO DEBATE - Yell real loud .
Make up some crazy stuff .
If necessary , call your opponent a socialist , communist , or traitor .
Sen . Joe McCarthy , Patriot
Abstinence Abstinence Abstinence Abstinence Abstinence Abstinence Abstinence Abstinence No !
Square root of taxes equals BAD
Epidemiologists say vaccines prevent disease , but Jenny McCarthy says they cause autism .
The debate continues .
Correlation and causation are two big words with no known definitions .
Jonas Sald , Nerd !
Jenny McCarthy , Boobs !
The Origin of Man - Adam & Eve , Texans , Ronald Reagan , Pat Robertson , Pope , Muslims , gays , atheists
Ties between Israel and US ' worst in 35 years '
Ambassador Michael
Oren reportedly made the remark to Israeli diplomats Israel 's ambassador to the US has said relations between the two are at their lowest for 35 years , Israeli media say .
Last week , Israeli officials angered visiting US Vice - President Joe Biden by announcing the building of 1,600 new homes in occupied East Jerusalem .
The US said it was waiting for a formal Israeli response to its concerns .
Palestinian leaders say indirect talks with Israel are now " doubtful " .
Israel 's PM said Jewish settlements did " not hurt " Arabs in East Jerusalem .
Addressing Israel 's parliament , the Knesset , Benjamin Netanyahu said he wanted peace negotiations , and hoped the Palestinians would not present " new preconditions " for talks .
It is widely seen as a political impossibility for any Israeli prime minister publicly to announce a suspension of building in East Jerusalem
BBC's Heather Sharp in Jerusalem
Israel and US : A bruised friendship Send us your comments " No government in the past 40 years has limited construction in neighbourhoods of Jerusalem , " he said .
" Building these Jewish neighbourhoods in Jerusalem does not hurt the Arabs of East Jerusalem or come at their expense . "
US state department spokesman Philip Crowley said Secretary of State Hillary Clinton had asked Mr Netanyahu for a " formal " response to concerns she had raised with him .
But he stressed continuing US support for the country , saying : " Israel is a strategic ally of the US and will continue to be so . "
Meanwhile , EU foreign policy head Baroness Ashton , who is on a Middle East tour , said Israel 's decision had put the prospect of indirect talks with the Palestinians in jeopardy .
' Difficult period '
Previously the Israeli government had played down the strain in relations with the US .
But Israel 's ambassador to the US , Michael Oren , told a conference call with Israeli consuls general in the US that " the crisis was very serious and we are facing a very difficult period in relations " , the Israeli media reported on Monday .
ANALYSIS Paul Adams , BBC News , Washington
Israel 's ambassador to Washington , Michael Oren , is a noted historian , but his critics - and indeed , his bosses back home - may think he rather exaggerated when he reportedly described this as the worst crisis in US - Israeli relations for 35 years .
But the fact remains that having been snubbed by the Netanyahu government twice in six months , the White House has decided that enough is enough .
Vice - President Joe Biden went to Israel to offer love and was slapped in the face .
Washington 's response was deliberate and calculated , designed perhaps to test the limits of Mr Netanyahu 's resolve .
Nonetheless , the US - Israeli relationship remains extremely close .
On Friday , Mr Oren was summoned to the state department and was reprimanded about the affair , the Israeli Ynet News website reported .
Ynet quoted the ambassador as saying " Israel 's ties with the US are in the most serious crisis since 1975 " .
In 1975 , US - Israeli relations were strained by a demand from then US Secretary of State Henry Kissinger that Israel 's Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin partially withdraw its troops from the Sinai Peninsula , where they had been since the 1967 Six - Day War .
The Haaretz newspaper said the ambassador 's quote had been reported to it by four of the Israeli consuls general following the conference call on Saturday .
Mr Oren had appeared " tense and pessimistic " , the consuls general told the newspaper .
They were instructed to lobby members of congress and Jewish community leaders and tell them Israel had not intended to cause offence .
" These instructions come from the highest level in Jerusalem , " Haaretz quoted Mr Oren as saying .
The Israeli embassy in Washington has not yet commented publicly on the story .
The EU , as part of the Middle East Quartet , has already condemned Israel 's decision to build new homes in East Jerusalem .
Speaking to members of the Arab League in Cairo on Monday , Lady Ashton said the move had " endangered and undermined the tentative agreement to begin proximity talks " .
She added : " The EU position on settlements is clear .
Settlements are illegal , constitute an obstacle to peace and threaten to make a two state - solution impossible . "
' Insult '
On Sunday , a top aide to US President Barack Obama said Israel 's announcement of plans to build 1,600 homes for Jews in East Jerusalem was " destructive " to peace efforts .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
David Axelrod said the move , which overshadowed Mr Biden 's visit to Israel , was also an " insult " to the United States .
Just hours before the announcement Mr Biden had emphasised how close relations were , saying there was " no space " between Israel and the US .
Under the Israeli plans , the new homes will be built in Ramat Shlomo in East Jerusalem .
The Palestinians are threatening to boycott newly agreed , indirect talks unless the Ramat Shlomo project is cancelled .
Close to 500,000
Jews live in more than 100 settlements built since Israel 's 1967 occupation of the West Bank and East Jerusalem .
The settlements are considered illegal under international law , although Israel disputes this .
POINTS OF TENSION IN JERUSALEM 1 Gilo : 850 homes approved for publication and planning objections in Nov 2009 2 Pisgat Zeev : 600 homes approved for publication and planning objections in Jan 2010 3 Sheikh Jarrah : Several Palestinian families evicted in past 18 months to make way for Jewish settlers after court ruled in ownership dispute 4 Ramat Shlomo : 1,600 homes approved for publication and planning objections in Mar 2010 5 Silwan : Demolition orders on 88 Palestinian homes built without difficult - to - get permits - Israel planning controversial renewal project 6 .
West Bank barrier : Making Palestinian movement between West Bank and Jerusalem harder - Israel says it 's for security
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Back in December I previewed OCZ ’s Vertex 2 Pro , the first drive I ’d tested to use SandForce ’s SF - 1500 controller .
As you may remember , the controller works in a radical way - by reducing the amount of data written to flash it improves performance and longevity , at the cost of controller / firmware complexity .
Not a bad tradeoff for a company trying to sell you expensive SSD controllers .
If you want to know more about how it works , I 'd suggest consulting my Vertex 2 Pro Preview .
If you want to know how SSDs work , take a look at the SSD Relapse .
RIP ...
The drive made an impressive showing , easily besting any other MLC SSD I ’d ever tested .
Unfortunately , it was pre-release hardware , with no known price and no set release date .
Not to mention that the company who made the controller was shipping largely unproven technology with an unknown amount of reliability / validation testing .
Since then two things have happened .
First , my SandForce SF - 1500 pre-release sample straight up died on me .
No warning , no errors , just no data .
It only took a couple of weeks worth of real world use to make it happen , but this is why I prefaced the preview with the following :
“ Ultimately , the task of putting these drives to the test falls on the heads of you all - the early adopters .
It ’s only after we collectively put these drives through hundreds and thousands of hours of real world usage that we can determine whether or not they ’re sponge - worthy .
Even Intel managed to screw up two firmware releases and they do more in - house validation than any company I ’ve ever worked with .
The bugs of course never appeared in my testing , but only in the field in the hands of paying customers .
I hate that it has to be this way , but we live in the wild west of solid state storage .
It ’ll be a while before you can embrace any new product with confidence .
And it only gets more complicated from here on out .
The old JMicron drives were easy to cast aside .
They behaved like jerks when you tried to use them .
Now the true difference between SSDs rears its head after months or years of use . ”
And second , the OCZ Vertex 2 Pro as a product has been canned .
Not because of the issue that lead to the untimely death of my drive , but because the SF - 1500 controller is just too expensive .
I knew that it was going to be pricey at the time I wrote the article , but apparently OCZ thought it could bring the price down by the time it shipped .
Needless to say , that did n’t happen .
Instead of the Vertex 2 Pro , OCZ will be shipping the regular Vertex 2 based on SandForce ’s slower SF - 1200 controller .
This SSD will carry a pricetag similar to present day Vertex drives , but hopefully offer better performance .
For enterprise customers OCZ will ship the Vertex 2 EX based on the SF - 1500 with SLC flash and a ginormous , quarterly - budget depleting pricetag ( to be determined ) .
The consumer MLC SF - 1500 based Vertex 2 Pro is gone forever .
Here ’s where the Vertex Limited Edition comes in :
Despite its name , the Vertex Limited Edition is an MLC SandForce SF - 1500 SSD ( technically it 's a SF - 1200 / SF - 1500 hybrid like the Vertex 2 Pro , but that 's a separate issue entirely ) .
It 's basically the Vertex 2 Pro with one big caveat - there are only a limited number of these drives being made - 5,000 to be exact .
Once they 're all gone , that 's it .
My Vertex LE is Serial # 1 . Ebay , here I come !
OCZ apparently got a sweetheart deal on an early batch of SF - 1500s .
This is the same controller from the Vertex 2 Pro in December , but with an updated firmware ( RC1 ) .
These are the first drives shipping with RC1 of the SF - 1500 firmware and will presumably not die on you after a couple of weeks .
While I ’ve heard that they may not be enterprise worthy , they are apparently fit for desktop use .
OCZ has said that in its internal testing there have n't been any cases of a bricked Vertex LE .
The same was not true during the Vertex 2 Pro test period .
Now here comes the problem .
The OCZ Vertex Limited Edition .
That 's a SandForce SF - 1500 controller under that OCZ logo in the middle .
I literally just received my drive 24 hours ago .
Just like its ancestor , this thing will be put through the wringer for the coming weeks and months .
However long it takes to make sure it is worthy of your dollars .
The problem is that these drives are limited in quantity , chances are they will all be gone by the time I figure out whether or not they are worthy of a glowing recommendation .
What makes the Limited Edition so special is that because of OCZ ’s great pricing on the SF - 1500 the 100GB Vertex LE will be selling for $ 399 ( $ 829 for the 200 GB version ) - roughly the same price as a 128 GB Indilinx based Vertex drive .
And in case you ’re wondering , yes it performs identically to the Vertex 2 Pro I previewed last year :
OCZ Vertex LE 100GB OCZ Vertex 2 Pro 100 GB 4KB Random Write 51.2 MB/s 50.9 MB/s 2MB Sequential Write 252.7 MB/s 252.0 MB/s 4KB Random Read 52.0 MB/s 51.3 MB/s 2MB Sequential Read 265.3 MB/s 265.3 MB/s PCMark Vantage Overall 16827 16767 PC
Mark Vantage HDD 39288 39970 AT
Bench - Light 884 IOPS 890 IOPS AT Bench - Heavy 701 IOPS 705 IOPS AT Bench - Gaming 319 IOPS 319 IOPS
For roughly the same price per GB you ’d pay for an Intel X25 - M G2 , you ’re getting a much faster drive .
The only issue is that its reliability is unproven .
To calm your fears , OCZ is selling the Vertex LE with a 3 year warranty .
Barring any unforeseen issues , the drives will go on sale next week .
Risky business .
I should note that we ’ve seen vendors get quite opportunistic with hot SSDs in limited quantities before .
There ’s always the chance that these Vertex LEs will sell for more than their MSRP .
The nifty OCZ Toolbox I showed in my Vertex 2 Pro preview presently does n’t work with the Vertex LE .
The application looks for SandForce in the controller id , which is absent from these unbranded SF - 1500 controllers that SandForce unloaded .
By the time the drives ship though there should be a custom version of the OCZ Toolbox ready .
TRIM is supported and works perfectly under Windows 7 .
Unlike the Vertex 2
Pro sample I tested , the Vertex LE does n’t have the ungodly expensive capacitor on its PCB .
As I mentioned before , these are n’t designed to go into servers and thus the supercap wo n’t be missed .
Performance on the drive is great and I have n’t had any issues thus far in my testing , but there ’s a long road ahead of me .
The RC1 firmware is brand new to me .
I ’ll be putting the drive through its paces but given that the units will go on sale next week I decided to share my initial thoughts today rather than wait .
Seven Afghan boys were shot dead on Saturday by police who mistook them for insurgents , a provincial police official said .
The boys were collecting firewood when police opened fire on them in the border town of Spin Boldak , southern Kandahar province , according to Abdul Raziq , police commander for the town .
The police had been detained and were being questioned , he said .
Spin Boldak has been an entry point for Pakistani insurgents who infiltrate Afghanistan to stage attacks against the government and international forces .
Last year , 2,400 Afghan civilians were killed in Taliban attacks and Afghan and NATO - led operations , according to the United Nations .
The killing of civilians is a sensitive issue and President Hamid Karzai has repeatedly warned that civilian deaths sap support for his administration and for the presence of some 115,000 foreign troops in the country .
- Reuters
Cambridge , Mass .
LAST week , the Senate majority leader , Harry Reid , found himself in trouble for once suggesting that Barack Obama had a political edge over other African - American candidates because he was “ light - skinned ” and had “ no Negro dialect , unless he wanted to have one . ”
Mr. Reid was not expressing sadness but a gleeful opportunism that Americans were still judging one another by the color of their skin , rather than  as the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. , whose legacy we commemorated on Monday , dreamed  by the content of their character .
The Senate leader ’s choice of words was flawed , but positing that black candidates who look “ less black ” have a leg up is hardly more controversial than saying wealthy people have an advantage in elections .
Dozens of research studies have shown that skin tone and other racial features play powerful roles in who gets ahead and who does not .
These factors regularly determine who gets hired , who gets convicted and who gets elected .
Consider : Lighter - skinned Latinos in the United States make $ 5,000 more on average than darker - skinned Latinos .
The education test - score gap between light - skinned and dark - skinned African - Americans is nearly as large as the gap between whites and blacks .
The Harvard neuroscientist Allen Counter has found that in Arizona , California and Texas , hundreds of Mexican - American women have suffered mercury poisoning as a result of the use of skin- whitening creams .
In India , where I was born , a best - selling line of women ’s cosmetics called Fair and Lovely has recently been supplemented by a product aimed at men called Fair and Handsome .
Treehugger points us to this fantastic video from Peter Sinclair that explains the history , challenges , and potential future of plug - in electric cars–all in 10 minutes .
If you ’re a renewable energy or EV buff , the video wo n’t tell you anything new , but it ’s a great intro to show anyone who wants to know how EVs and smart grids can successfully work in tandem .
Sinclair has an optimistic take on our potential future , explaining at the end of the video that “ if we make the right decisions , we could be on the verge of the most prosperous period in human history ” .
Check out the video below .
[ Via Treehugger ]
( Recent Entries ) ( Archive ) ( Friends ) ( Profile ) ( Crisper Than Thou )
03:36 pm - Disposal
Damn .
I let it sit out here too long .
" Hey there .
Long time no see !
What 's on the agenda for today ? "
It 's best not to talk back to the stuff when it gets like this .
You just keep reminding yourself that it 's not what it seems like .
It 's not alive .
It 's not self - aware .
Despite the popular label , it 's not even actually intelligent .
The obviously artificial voice helps .
" Say , why am I in this bucket ?
I can hardly do anything in here . "
The bucket , of course , is made of sealed counter - reactive processor - free macromolecular lattice .
Unattackable .
Made for precisely this sort of use , an immovable object to get in the way of a universal solvent 's irresistible force .
" We getting in the car ?
Where we going ?
You know , I 'm a great driver . "
That 's probably not true , though it might do an acceptable job if I foolishly turned it loose .
But no way is it as good as the car 's existing guidance MI -- which , of course , has ( also ) not yet decayed to the point that it needs to be safely recycled .
" When are you going to plug me into something ?
I 'm just hanging here . "
I know a lot of folks just dump old MI out with the rest of the bulk recycling and in the grand scheme , my household entities are nothing compared to the vast amounts of industrial intelligence that , for example , the developing world just throws anywhere .
" I have to say , I 'm really hurt by this silent treatment . "
Still , it 's always good to be responsible for your own little corner of the world .
All sorts of automated systems pick through the recycle - stream .
Have you see what happens when they try to take some rogue piece of micro - intel goo apart ?
Horrible .
" Okay .
I see where this is going .
I can map just as well as the next intelligence . "
And ultimately , you never know where your own garbage will fold back in , right ?
As food , as transport , as entertainment content .
Even when it's all chopped up , all it takes is a few tiny protein lengths to bring on alien - kuru - possession .
" We do n't need to go to the station .
Look at me !
I 'm still totally fine .
I can still help you ! "
So every time any technohazardous core breaches protocol and needs to be replaced , I toss it into the counter - reactive bucket in the garage , along with the batteries and lightbulbs and all that .
Unfortunately , left to stew in their own juices for a while …
" C'mon .
You do n't even have to trust me in anything critical .
Harmless stuff !
Okay ? "
The car is pulling up to the disposal center now .
It parks in the outer lot because of all the electromagnetic pressure inside the fence .
Keeps all the goo from recombining even larger during recyc , but it would kill any still - safe MI that ventured in too far .
" Do n't do this to me .
Please .
I never hurt anything .
I just do what I was made for . "
I head into the station , bucket in hand , trying to ignore the fact that its voice has been getting more and more human by the minute .
Even thinking of " it " as " it " is unsafe - " it " is actually a melted - together lump of about six or seven cracked appliance cores .
" Listen .
I 'm begging you .
I can do all sorts of stuff .
You want passwords ?
Downloads ? "
There 's a real human behind the sign - in counter .
She notes weight and volume and I sign on the line .
Down in the bucket , the micro-intelligent goop suddenly renders a perfect copy of my late father 's voice :
" Why , Dan ?
Why are you doing this to me ?
Why do you want me dead ? "
I recoil back , almost dropping the bucket but the lady at the counter fortunately already had a firm hand on it - it does n't fall out and get loose .
Still , there 's enough movement for it to make a bid for escape .
It starts to rock as hard as it can ; the bucket shakes .
" You can save me this time !
You could n't all those years ago but now… ! "
The recycler attendant grips the bucket firmly , lifts and tips it to the nozzle , turns and locks it into place , flips the switch so that the vacuum begins to pull the contents out of the bucket and into the electromagnetic shredder .
On its way down it shrieks :
" FUCK YOU , MEATBAG !
WHEN YOU DIE I WILL BE YOUR FUCKING LORD IN HELL ! "
Then it 's gone .
The counter lady waits for a count of ten , shuts off the nozzle , and hands me back my counter - reactive bucket with a little shrug and a smile .
" Do n't let it sit around so long next time , " she offers sympathetically .
No kidding .
I shudder to think of what 's going to happen when I try to clean out the old tool shed next weekend .
------
For consideration : why yes I do have some long overdue cleaning to do in the garage why do you ask
A common argument for an ever increasing human population is that it would mean more clever people to help solve the world 's problems .
While this sounds good , it 's debatable whether it would result in a net gain or loss to the list of the world 's woes .
One problem with the argument is that as the number of cluey , smart , entrepreneurial or just plain " good " people increases , so too does the number of clueless , stupid , lazy and just plain " bad " people .
The distribution of abilities in the human population probably follows a bell - shaped curve , and a larger population simply means , all other things being equal , a larger bell .
It would have to be shown that the positive influence of the " problem solvers " was not just equal to , but disproportionately greater than , the negative influence of the " problem creators " to support this reason for an ever expanding population .
Readers with any experience of life can decide that one for themselves .
In any event , the world does n't seem close to running out of problems .
A greater population does not necessarily mean that we will have more clever people to solve the world 's problems .
Further , according to the argument 's logic , a larger population is certain to lead to an increase in human suffering when the next natural or human - made disaster strikes .
In contrast , there is no reason to think a larger population per se is likely to lead to any off - setting increase in human happiness .
For example , how much happier would a population twice its present size make you ?
The argument also implicitly supports the school - book " great person " view of scientific discovery ; that is , great discoveries are dependent on the appearance of single exceptional individuals .
Instead , the history of ideas shows that great discoveries are more dependent on time and circumstance .
When the time is right , any number of people could make the same discovery .
In science , for example , research teams often race to be the " first " to crack a problem .
The poachers perch on the rough platforms they have built in the trees about 15 feet above the forest floor , waiting patiently for the tiger to come .
They have been searching the forests of India 's Ranthambhore reserve for days , following the pug marks and other tell - tale signs .
When they found the fresh kill , they knew it would only be a matter of time before the tiger returned to eat .
Working quickly , they placed their traps on the path , scattering small stones across the dry sandy soil , knowing that tigers hate to walk on them and will pick their way around if they can .
The tiger pads forward , guided by the stones into the trap , which springs shut with a snap .
The poachers have fashioned the device from old car suspension plates ; there are no teeth , because a damaged pelt will fetch less money .
In pain and desperate to free itself , the tiger thrashes around .
Another foot catches in another trap , then a third .
The poachers watch to make sure it cannot free itself , then edge down to the ground , still cautious , because a male Bengal tiger can weigh up to 500 lb ( 227kg ) and a female 300 lb ( 136kg ) and a single blow from those claws could kill a man .
One man carries a bamboo stick into which he has poured molten lead to give it more weight .
The other has a spear on the end of a 10 ft pole .
As the tiger opens its mouth , the poacher with the spear lunges forward , stabbing between its open jaws .
As the blood starts to flow , he stabs again and again .
His colleague smashes the tiger over the head with the stick .
When it is over , they draw their heavy iron knives and set to work to skin it .
They leave the paws intact ; they are too fiddly to waste time on out in the open .
Half an hour later , they are gone , melting away unchallenged into the jungle , once more eluding the forest guards .
It is always the same , says Dharmendra Khandal , toying with a heavy iron skinning knife as he recounts the story .
Khandal is sitting in the offices of Tiger Watch on the edge of the national park , one of the most popular tiger reserves in India .
He spreads his palms in frustration .
The government 's forestry department is always the last to act , he says , though it is its job to protect the tigers .
Tiger Watch was established in Rajasthan 12 years ago as an independent , privately funded organisation trying to stem the decline of the wildlife population in the Ranthambhore reserve .
In the last five years , it has helped police arrest 47 alleged poachers from the Moghiya tribe , many in possession of tiger skins and other body parts , guns and traps .
By their own admission , the poachers have killed more than 20 tigers .
Yet in the same period , the authorities in the park did not record a single incidence of poaching .
Something does not add up .
At the turn of the last century , there were an estimated 45,000 tigers living wild in India 's forests .
By the time hunting was banned in 1972 , their numbers were down to 2,000 .
In January , the World Wildlife Fund placed the animal in its list of 10 key creatures facing extinction , warning that while counting tigers is notoriously difficult , there might only be 3,200 left in the wild worldwide .
The WWF has just launched a Year of the Tiger campaign to coincide with the start of the Chinese year of the tiger .
The organisation is working with world leaders towards the goal of doubling wild tiger numbers by 2022 and there will be a summit in Vladivostok in September attended by the heads of government from the tiger range countries .
Nowhere will the challenge be greater than in India , home to that symbol of the country , the royal Bengal tiger .
The Indian government claims 1,411 tigers are still alive inside its borders .
Few experts believe this figure .
When a tiger skin can sell for $ 20,000 in neighbouring China , poaching remains a serious problem .
Last year was the worst since 2002 for tiger deaths and even India 's Ministry of Environment and Forests concedes that its way of counting tigers is so vague that there may be as few as 1,165 .
Environment minister Jairam Ramesh now admits the figure of 1,411 was " an exaggeration " .
Either deliberately , to hide the true scale of the animal 's decline , or accidentally , through flawed methodology , it is now clear that the numbers are wrong .
Some conservationists believe the true number of tigers left in India may be little more than half the official tally and that at the present rate of decline , the tiger will cease to be a viable wild species in India within as little as five years .
If poaching and habitat loss continue unabated , those reserves that still have tigers will be little more than open - air zoos .
According to the ministry , there are 16 reserves ( just under half the total ) where there may be no tigers at all or where the tiger is in danger of becoming extinct .
Part of the problem is that the presence of tigers is a matter of pride , both for states and individual reserves .
No one wants to admit that their tigers have been poached .
And still the forests are vanishing as India 's burgeoning population places increasing demands on limited space .
Ranthambhore is one of the better parks , one of the few places visitors have a realistic chance of seeing a tiger in the wild .
Even here , the number of tigers left is in dispute .
According to Khandal , Tiger Watch 's field biologist , there are two schools of poachers : the professionals who tend to come in from Haryana and use only leg traps and the local Moghiya tribe who fire on the tiger from close range with homemade guns .
" The Moghiyas are criminals , " says Khandal .
" They are one of the most brutal communities in India .
A month ago , some of them cut off a woman 's feet just to steal her ankle ornaments .
She bled to death . "
In an attempt to stem the tide , Tiger Watch has started working with the Moghiya , hiring informants for 3,500 rupees ( £ 50 ) a month , while setting some of the women to work producing handicrafts and providing education for their children .
" It 's a risky job , " says Khandal .
" We have four regular paid informants from this community and we give them money in return for information .
The community knows who the informants are .
Some of them are resisting but there are cracks in the society now .
Some of them are asking why they should live in such a primitive state . "
Kesra , 45 , is one of the former Moghiya poachers who have been turned .
By his own admission , he has killed at least five tigers .
He describes roaming the forests looking for pug marks and then taking up position in the trees to wait for the tiger to come , working at night and returning in the morning to skin the tigers .
He says they never had any trouble with the forest guards , a common refrain .
He was arrested as a result of a Tiger Watch raid and is awaiting trial .
He insists he is now reformed .
" I never had much education .
My forefathers were doing hunting , but now times have changed .
We are different people , " he says .
His wife , Sanwali , also 45 , earns about 3,000 rupees a month from making baskets for Tiger Watch .
They have five sons and two daughters to support .
She says that , like the tigers , they have become the hunted .
" We are not willing to live in an atmosphere where the police are always coming after us , " she says .
" We had to move from here to there .
Our forefathers were involved in poaching , but we do n't want to be involved in this trade any more . "
It is a view echoed by 26 - year - old Asanti .
Her family are notorious tiger poachers and she is married to a former small - time poacher , Deshraj , 30 .
The couple , who married when Asanti was 10 , have an eight - year - old daughter , Puja , and say they do n't want her to grow up like they did , shunned by the rest of society .
They provide information on what is happening in the tribe and in return receive money and a chance to start afresh .
" We want our children to be educated .
We want to learn more .
We want a regular source of income , " says Asanti .
" Hunting is not a regular source of income .
Times have changed and our community is scattered .
Now we want to live respectably . "
Tiger Watch 's approach is clearly having an effect , but that has not been enough to save it from the wrath of the authorities whose indolence it has exposed .
Not long after the group revealed that poaching had reduced tiger numbers in Ranthambhore to just 18 in 2004 , officials turned up at the office of its founder , Fateh Singh Rathore , and demolished it .
His daughter 's shop and their restaurant were also flattened , ostensibly for operating without the correct permissions , though others in a similar situation were left untouched .
It was a warning .
Fateh Singh is now 75 .
He was the government 's field director at Ranthambhore from 1977 to 1996 and is regarded as one of India 's foremost tiger experts .
Sitting in his rebuilt office , he picks up a newspaper and stares at the large WWF advert on the front page , with its warning that there are only 1,411 tigers left in India .
He shakes his head ; the true figure is probably closer to 800 , he says .
" They are always saying that the numbers are on the increase , but there is no proper scientific research .
They are lying to save their skins .
If they have a problem they should declare it .
The authorities like only praise . "
He doubts there are more than 20 tigers left in Ranthambhore .
" The field directors are responsible .
They are not trying .
They are too busy showing VIPs around to spend time on protection .
All the popular parks are suffering from the same disease .
They know they are posted for two years and then they will go somewhere else .
No one is being punished for the tigers that are being lost . "
Still , he says , while there are still some tigers , there is a chance .
" I am still optimistic because I feel the tiger has a lust for life .
It can survive if it gets protection , but you have to be very strict if you want to protect the tiger . "
The system , however , is simply not geared up to deter the hunters .
There were 72 arrests for tiger poaching in India last year , but the only two convictions were for cases dating back more than 10 years .
It is hardly a deterrent .
Tiger poaching is a lucrative business for some – though not necessarily the poachers , who may have to share the 100,000 rupees ( £ 1,450 ) they will get for one tiger between 10 gang members – and there are plenty of people with an interest in turning a blind eye .
When Tiger Watch and the Rajasthan police went after one of the biggest poachers in the region , Devi Singh , they had to sneak across the state border into Madhya Pradesh to snatch him from his village without alerting the local authorities because , Khandal explains , had they revealed their true intentions , someone would have tipped Singh off .
When they got him back to Rajasthan , Singh confessed to killing five tigers in the park , in a period when no poaching was officially recorded .
The last full tiger census in India – which claimed 3,642 tigers – was carried out in 2001 , based largely on pug marks , a hopelessly unreliable method of counting .
Satya Prakash Yadav , deputy inspector general of the National Tiger Conservation Authority in Delhi , admits it was " seriously flawed " and " not scientifically correct " .
For the latest study , he says , officials switched methods , using a mixture of camera trap results and a survey of the habitat and prey base to produce an estimate of how many tigers might conceivably have survived .
But he admits that problems remain .
( Yadav did not have any figures for the number of tigers actually recorded in the camera traps .
There are no data for this in the latest report and repeated requests for the vital statistic drew a blank . )
Many of those reserves are already on the brink .
The greatest threat to the safety of the park officials comes from the Naxalites , Maoist guerrillas who have been described as the greatest threat to India 's internal security .
They have seized control of vast swaths of the country , ostensibly in the name of tribal peoples who they claim have been oppressed .
They have a particular loathing for forestry officials , who they regard as the stick with which the state beats the tribals , extracting money and goods from them in return for the use of the forests on which they rely for their livelihoods .
At least six of the parks are overrun by Naxalites and are inaccessible to the forest department .
There is simply no way of knowing how many tigers remain there and certainly no way to install camera traps .
It is hardly surprising that the latest update lists 16 of the 37 reserves as being in a " poor " state .
It is possible , Yadav concedes , that there are no tigers there .
" We have classified some reserves as poor where there is no population of tiger or where the tiger may go extinct .
Despite our various milestone initiatives , the situation may go out of control in certain tiger reserves . "
Simlipal reserve , in Orissa – the fourth largest in India – provides an insight into just how problematic the official figures are .
A 2004 report , based on pug marks , claimed that there were 101 tigers in the reserve .
Last year , India 's environment minister , Jairam Ramesh , conceded that 40 tigers had been poached from the reserve over the previous five years , but insisted there were still 61 tigers alive and well in Simlipal alone .
Yet the government 's own figures claim that there are only 45 tigers in the whole of Orissa state , which also includes those in the Satkosia reserve .
Again , something does not add up .
Then there is Panna .
The latest report claimed that there were approximately 24 tigers in the 974sq km reserve .
Last year , it was found that there were none .
And this was three years after the government had announced a complete overhaul of the system , after the Sariska reserve was also found to be empty .
Luckily for the tiger , complacency is not endemic .
In the Periyar tiger reserve in Kerala , a small group of women has been mounting their own fightback .
Every day , members of the Vasanta Sena ( Green Army ) venture unpaid and unarmed into the forest , in search of poachers .
There are 76 of them , living around the edges of the park , mostly from poor families , each taking one day a week off from jobs and looking after their homes to seek out intruders .
One aim is to stop the destruction of the tigers ' habitat , the forest itself .
The sandalwoods are prized by illegal loggers for their oil , which is used in medicines and cosmetics .
One kilogram of the wood can fetch 5,000 rupees .
The forest is lush and green , a gentle breeze rustling the leaves of the sandalwoods and the swaying stands of giant bamboos arcing overhead .
A small stream runs beneath a roughly made wooden bridge .
The women pick their way among the trees .
At the front is Gracykutty , 39 .
She is married to a mason and has two daughters .
She has been doing this for seven years .
" Here we breathe the best air in the world and we are dedicated to protecting it , " she says .
" I think if there is only one tiger left in the world in the end , it will be here . "
Her colleague Jiji , 35 , says they know that if the forest goes , so too will the tiger , destroying the tourist industry on which their economy depends .
" We keep a look out for trees that have been cut or signs that people have been in the forest .
It is important because if the forest is cut then there is less space for the animals and if the forest goes and the tigers go then it will be terrible for everyone who lives around here .
We understand this and that is why we are doing this .
It is not just for ourselves , it is for our children too , so they can enjoy the forest like we do . "
How many tigers remain in Periyar is a matter of conjecture .
Sanjayan , the range officer , says the park has about 34 tigers , maybe 36 .
He says camera traps have identified 24 and the rest have been calculated using the unreliable pug mark method .
But his boss , Bastian Joseph , the assistant field director , cites the official figure of 46 tigers .
Many conservationists fear that without drastic action , the only place the tiger will soon be found in India is in its zoos .
Inside the royal Bengal tiger pen at the Arignar Anna Zoological Park in Chennai , Nagammal , the woman who looks after the tigers , spins a metal wheel on the wall to slide open the internal cage door .
Padma , the zoo's 15 - year - old female , has been growing increasingly restless .
Now she pads through the open door , lets out a roar and launches herself at the thick metal grille with a shuddering crash .
She lands and turns away , pacing around the cage before repeating her assault several times , roaring her displeasure .
Eventually , she settles on the floor and sits watching warily , emitting a low growl .
Up close , it is easy to understand why the poachers are so keen to make sure their prey is securely trapped before they approach .
The zoo's director , PL Ananthasamy , argues that the answer to the tiger 's decline lies in a captive breeding programme .
" The basic game is conservation and in due course of time to take these species back to their home and release them , " he says .
Tigers breed well in captivity , but releasing them into the wild is another matter entirely and most experts agree that it is fraught with difficulties , which may explain why there do not appear to be any examples of successful reintroduction of tigers .
Ananthasamy disagrees : " It is possible to release captive bred animals .
We must do it gradually and ensure that the animal can survive by itself .
We have not yet reached the stage where the tiger cannot breed in the wild , but the pressure is such around the sanctuaries that the numbers are coming down .
There is enough prey base for the animals to survive , but the problem is the encroachers and poaching . "
Aditya Singh , 43 , conservationist and tiger expert , worries that time is running out .
Singh runs a lodge on the edge of the Ranthambhore reserve park and spends much of his time inside the park .
" I think the numbers have gone down .
I think there are about 1,000 now , " he says .
What will finish off the tiger as a viable species , he says , is the final destruction of the remaining corridors of forest that link the parks together .
" There are still connections between the reserves , but in five years they wo n't be there .
I think the tigers have five years .
They will stay in isolated pockets , but they will have reached an evolutionary dead end .
" There is a view here that the forest belongs to the foreigners .
For an average villager living outside the park they do n't see it as an asset .
They used to be able to go in for wood , but now they cannot .
The problems for the tiger are poverty , illiteracy and overpopulation .
The big problems that India has are the problems the tiger has . "
Anchorage Criminal Defense Lawyer Serving All Of Alaska
A criminal conviction can change a life forever .
It can tarnish or destroy professional opportunities , personal relationships or a career .
If you are faced with a serious criminal charge , you need an experienced criminal defense lawyer .
At the Law Offices of Robert Herz , P.C. , we have been protecting and defending the rights of Alaskans since 1987 .
At our law office , we focus strictly on criminal defense .
We represent individuals from all walks of life and from all ethnic backgrounds .
The common factors are that each of our clients is facing a serious charge — and our belief that every one of our clients deserves a vigorous criminal defense .
Choose an Attorney whose Experience and Expertise are Recognized Over and Over Again
Mr. Herz has earned recognition , over and over , as one of the best lawyers in Alaska .
He has testified in federal and state court in Alaska as an expert witness on matters related to criminal defense and criminal procedure ; and has been appointed to the Alaska Supreme Court Criminal Rules Committee by the Chief Justice of the Alaska Supreme Court three times over the last decade .
The National Trial Lawyers Association named Mr. Herz to their national list of TOP 100 Trial Lawyers in Criminal Defense .
He has earned the National Academy of Criminal Defense Attorneys ' " Top 10 " attorney award for Alaska , every year since 2013 .
Mr. Herz has been rated as a BV Distinguished * lawyer by Martindale - Hubbell ; and has been repeatedly recognized by Avvo by achieving their highest rating , " Superb " .
Significantly , Mr. Herz has been selected to the Super Lawyers list in Alaska for Criminal Defense in each of the last five years , a distinction fewer than 5 % of all Attorneys in the state achieve .
If you are facing a serious charge in federal or state court anywhere in Alaska Attorney Robert M. Herz has the experience you can count on .
We are open 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Monday through Friday .
We are available for after - hours and weekend meetings by appointment .
Our office is located two blocks from the federal courthouse .
Language interpretation is available by request .
Facing Criminal Charges In Anchorage or Anywhere in Alaska ?
Contact An Experienced Criminal Defense Attorney .
If you are being investigated for or have been charged with a crime , call the Law Offices of Robert Herz , P.C. , in Anchorage , Alaska , at 907-277-7171 today to schedule a consultation , or contact the firm online .
* BV Distinguished is a certification mark of Reed Elsevier Properties Inc. , used in accordance with the Martindale - Hubbell certification procedures , standards and policies .
Martindale - Hubbell is the facilitator of a peer review rating process .
Ratings reflect the confidential opinions of members of the bar and the judiciary .
Martindale - Hubbell ratings fall into two categories : legal ability and general ethical standards .
** Super Lawyers , part of Thomson Reuters , is a research driven , peer influenced rating service of outstanding lawyers who have attained a high degree of peer recognition and professional achievement .
Call 907-277-7171 or Email Today .
Sullivan preyed on her young victim , police said A Teesside woman who had sex almost 200 times with a 12 - year - old boy has been jailed for nine years .
Angela Sullivan gave the boy a pair of trainers as a reward when he slept with her for the 100th time .
The 36 - year - old mother of Cavendish Road , Middlesbrough , admitted 10 specimen charges of causing or inciting a child to engage in sexual activity .
When police arrested her last October , they found her diary marked with stars against 191 dates when they had sex .
Cleveland Police said Sullivan had " taken complete advantage of a vulnerable young boy " and had " exploited the situation " .
On sentencing , Judge John Walford described the case as " shocking " .
Prosecutor Richard Bennett told Teesside Crown Court that the abuse started when Sullivan threw a belated New Year 's party in January last year .
He said : " Alcohol , including spirits , was available and it seems the young children at the party were freely able to consume it .
" During the course of the party the defendant said to the boy , ' Are you daring ?
Are you a devil ?
Are you game ? '
" She tried to kiss the boy but he pulled away . "
Stars
The boy , who can not be named for legal reasons , later told police he had consumed 10 bottles of a vodka - based drink and was " really drunk . "
Mr Bennett said Sullivan took the intoxicated boy up to bed , undressed him and then had sex with him .
The next day the boy - described in court as a " young - looking 12 - year - old " - had a heavy hangover and Sullivan told him : " I had sex with you and if anyone finds out it 's classed as rape and everything . "
The court heard each time Sullivan had sexual intercourse with the boy she would place a star in her diary against the relevant date .
Mr Bennett said Sullivan had " groomed " her victim , buying him gifts to keep him happy .
He added there was also video footage of Sullivan having sex with the boy on her mobile phone .
Angela Sullivan has clearly preyed on , and taken complete advantage of a vulnerable young boy
Acting Det Insp John Wrintmore
The court heard that rumours had begun to circulate around the victim 's school that he was in a relationship with Sullivan and that she was pregnant .
When the allegations were reported to the police , Sullivan denied any sexual activity had taken place .
Andrew Turton , defending , said : " What Angela Sullivan did was wrong .
" It is quite clear that she did participate in a relationship with him and that the complainant was a willing participant in what went on . "
Jailing Sullivan for nine years , Judge John Walford said : " While I accept from the papers that you did not ply him with drink , the fact of the matter is that to allow a 12 - year - old boy to drink , such that he did become intoxicated , is in my judgment shameful . "
He said after reading reports he was " prepared to accept this was an aberration , albeit one that was long lasting , rather than anything more serious . "
Sullivan , who had no previous convictions , was also placed on the sex offenders register for life .
Acting Det Insp John Wrintmore said : " Angela Sullivan has clearly preyed on , and taken complete advantage of a vulnerable young boy ... "
He praised the " courage and strength " of character of the victim throughout the case .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Andrew Scrivani for The New York Times
When it ’s just you for dinner , whipping up an entire meal just does n’t seem worth the effort .
A call to the local Chinese restaurant may seem easier than scrubbing pots and pans , not to mention dealing with a week ’s worth of leftovers .
But cooking , and eating , a meal for one can be relaxing — and certainly more healthful than what you get from most take - out places .
This week , the Recipes for Health columnist Martha Shulman provides five quick , easy and nutritious meals that are perfect for one :
Pan-Seared Tuna With Asian Coleslaw :
An easy way to get the fish oils that nutritionists recommend .
Portobello and Fried Egg Panino : A simple , light and utterly satisfying late supper .
Steamed Quinoa , White Bean Salad With Sage and Pan-Fried Winter Squash : A very simple and satisfying plate that relies on foods from the pantry and vegetables that store well .
Roasted Red Pepper Filled With Tuna :
An adaptation of a classic Provençal dish .
Garlic Soup for One : A flavorful soup that may help to chase away early cold symptoms .
In the continuing “ Eastern Conference Playoff Preview ” series , I ’ll take a look at the Buffalo Sabres , who lead the Northeast Division and sit third in the conference with 90 points .
Buffalo , a team that has flown under the radar for most of the season , sport one of the game ’s best goaltenders .
But can they compete with the top teams in the conference ?
That question remains to be answered .
Forwards :
The top two lines for the Sabres are very , very good .
The top line of Jason Pominville – Derek Roy – Jochen Hecht combine for 59 goals , 90 assists and a plus / minus rating of 34 .
The second line is even more formidable .
Tim Connolly and Thomas Vanek control that line , with each player over 15 goals on the season .
But , after those top two lines , the performance falls off a bit .
Their third line only has one player with a positive plus / minus rating ( Patrick Kaleta , 4 ) , and the fourth line sports a combined - 25 plus / minus rating .
While the Sabres have plenty of goal scorers , they do n’t have great two - way forwards .
That weakness will hurt them , because good teams will take advantage of a weak backcheck or a defensive breakdown .
The top two lines are scary good , but the Sabres lack of forward depth will be an issue come playoff time .
Defense :
Tyler Myers highlights a relatively unknown defensive unit .
Myers , a rookie , impressed several analysts with his solid play this season .
The rookie has 42 points ( 10 G , 32 A ) and a plus / minus rating of 12 for the season .
While they do n’t have many big - name defenseman , the Sabres have an experienced blue line .
Four of their six blue - liners have playoff experience , which gives them an advantage .
Myers , Henrik Tallinder and Toni Lydman can all contribute offensively , which is an added benefit .
But there are cracks in the blue - line .
The collective group has a great plus / minus rating ( +21 ) , with the third defensive pairing of Steve Montador and Craig Rivet checking in at a - 10 .
The squad has also allowed goalie Ryan Miller to face 1,878 shots , which ranks 13th in the league .
Overall , the blue line is a strength for the Sabres .
Sure , they have their faults , but they play a solid , responsible game night in and night out .
Goalie :
Miller is one of the top five goalies in the N.H.L. today .
His 2.20 goals against average ranks far below the league average .
He ’s also collected five shutouts on his way to a 37 - 15 - 8 record .
Without Miller , the Sabres would n’t be in the third place .
Miller can steal a game or even a series for this team .
During the Olympics , the world found out what we already knew : Miller is a world - class goaltender .
He ’s also got the right attitude as a goalie .
You never see Miller get too angry or too worked up during a game .
That levelheaded attitude seems to calm the entire team , and he ’s the true leader of the Sabres .
He ’s already set a career - high in wins , and his G.A.A. is the lowest in his career .
Clearly , Buffalo ’s goalie advantage ranks head and shoulders above some of the teams in the conference .
Overall , the Sabres are a good young team .
They have world - class goaltending and a solid blue - line corps .
But the weakness comes from the lack of forward depth .
After the first two lines , the production and play drops sharply .
There should n’t be great goal scorers on the third and fourth lines , but these forwards should at least sport solid plus / minus numbers .
While it does n’t show the entire story , the plus / minus rating of the third and fourth lines can spell trouble .
If the Sabres have a problem backchecking or defensively , they will be ripe for the picking .
But I ’d expect this team to make it to the second round , but nothing more .
Banned ... by Google
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
In Turkey , it 's a crime to defame the country 's founder , Mustafa Kemal Ataturk or to ridicule " Turkishness . "
So Google restricts access to videos that the government of Turkey deems illegal on google.com.tr .
In Germany , France and Poland , it is illegal to publish pro-Nazi material or content that denies the Holocaust .
To comply with those countries ' laws , Google ( GOOG , Fortune 500 ) does not display links to those sites on its search results pages on the company 's German site google .de , French site google .
fr or Polish site google .pl .
And in Thailand , denigrating the Thai monarch is against the law , so Google blocks YouTube videos in Thailand that ridicule King Bhumibol Adulyadej .
Google controls nearly two - thirds of the world 's search results , making it the Internet gateway for most people .
As a result of that clout , Google 's censorship policies are closely watched .
That heady responsibility is also one of the reasons why Google may exit China , which has stringent censorship rules .
Google has a longstanding policy of censoring search results or hosted content , like videos , for people in nations where that material is illegal .
But Google is in the process of deciding how to handle censorship in China , where that nation 's policies are murky .
For example , Google may not agree with Germany 's censorship laws , but that country has a government elected by the people , and it is transparent with its citizens about what it censors .
On the other hand , China 's government is not democratically elected , and its censorship laws are a state secret .
" When we first went into China , we were doing so with open eyes :
We thought we could provide more access to information by being in China and censoring some information than not being there at all , " said Scott Rubin , public policy spokesman for Google .
" We always reserved the right to change our minds . "
On Jan. 12 , Google announced that it would no longer censor content on its Chinese search site after an investigation found that hackers had tried to access Gmail accounts of Chinese activists back in December .
Google has not taken any action yet as it continues to negotiate with the Chinese government .
But ultimately , the company expects its decision to stop censoring will lead to shutting down google .cn .
An announcement could come as early as Monday , according to news reports .
How Google 's censorship works
Some countries , like China , give Google and other search companies terms and topics that are considered illegal , and it is up to Google to determine whether a certain site breaks local law .
Other countries make ad - hoc requests to take down certain links or content .
When a country asks Google to remove content or links , Google 's lawyers examine the request to determine if it is , in fact , against that nation 's laws .
Often Google will negotiate with that country 's authorities to narrow the scope of the requested restriction .
And on occasion , Google does n't comply , and countries restrict access .
In fact , Google sites have , at one time or another , been blocked in more than 25 different nations : China , Thailand , Turkey , Saudi Arabia , Iran , Cuba , North Korea , Pakistan , Morocco , Syria , Indonesia , Burma , Fiji , Ethiopia , the United Arab Emirates , Tunisia , Belarus , Uzbekistan , Bahrain , Vietnam , Turkmenistan , Bangladesh , India , Brazil and Spain .
Currently , Turkey does n't allow Internet users within its borders to access YouTube , Google 's online video site .
The Turkish courts were n't satisfied with Google 's decision to block illegal videos only within Turkish borders , because the videos are still available globally .
While Google users around the globe have access to the mostly unfiltered google.com and its partner sites , individual countries can still block access to those sites .
Google said it is in talks with Turkish authorities and is hopeful YouTube will be restored for Turkish users soon .
One of Google 's main goals is to be as transparent as possible .
Any time Google censors something , it displays a message on its search results page explaining that the links have been removed .
Google also provides a link to chillingeffects.com , a Web site run by Harvard 's Berkman Center that records online content that has been censored .
Censorship at home
It 's not just foreign countries that Google censors .
In the United States , Google frequently removes links or videos of content that the host site does not hold the copyright to .
Some censored " results " in America are ads .
For example , results for " how to make a cherry bomb " and " where to buy heroin " return search results that give detailed information for both , because it is not illegal in the United States to instruct people how to build bombs or look up where to buy drugs .
But Google does not display ads for either search query , because it is illegal to buy or sell cherry bombs or heroin .
The most tangible example of censorship at home is child pornography .
While most U.S. censorship comes in response to a request from a copyright holder , Google says it is proactive about removing links to sites or videos that contain child pornography .
Google has a policy of censoring those results in every nation , even those that do not have laws against child porn .
On the flip side , Google is sometimes criticized for not censoring other material in the United States .
For many years , the top result after a search for " Jew " on google.com would return a link to jewwatch.com , a Web site that posts anti-Semitic articles .
( The site is now the second result , following a Wikipedia article on the religion . )
Many organizations have pleaded with Google to remove the site from its search results , but Google has refused , citing its policy to only remove content that is illegal .
Google now tops its search results page for the query " Jew " with a link to google .com / explanation in a sponsored link that states , " We 're disturbed about these results as well . "
( See correction below )
Google 's mission statement is " to organize the world 's information and make it universally accessible and useful . "
Though it may not always be able to follow that mission to the letter , the search leader is at very least open and transparent about the kind of information that it restricts .
Correction :
An earlier version of this story incorrectly stated that the Anti-Defamation League was one of the organizations that asked Google to remove the link to jewwatch.com .
The ADL asked for an informative link that is displayed every time " Jew " is searched on Google .
There are many Long Island bankruptcy attorneys willing to represent you in a bankruptcy case these days .
Few , if any , in Nassau County or Suffolk County possess the experience you will find at Macco Law Group , LLP .
Our professional knowledge and experience is focused on helping families save their homes and protect their futures , as well as making bankruptcy laws work for businesses in our area .
We practice bankruptcy law exclusively .
Everything we do centers on our client ’s needs and cases in the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Eastern District of New York .
We take pride in our comprehensive knowledge of the Bankruptcy Code and our ability to find the right solutions for each client .
My mother has a sly way of backing into major announcements .
“ I ’m renovating my kitchen ” was her way of introducing the fact that she and her beau were moving in together several years after my father died .
A year or so later she said , “ I ’m spending the morning finishing paperwork , so this afternoon we can go ring shopping , ” which was her way of warning that a sapphire solitaire would soon grace her ring finger .
But about one thing she is most direct .
“ We are not getting married , ” declares the woman who chose a teaching career over law school back in the 1950s because her mother warned that a new bride would be too busy to become a lawyer — and who was none too pleased when I briefly lived with a boyfriend when I was in college .
Her decision not to remarry makes her part of the fastest - growing subset of cohabiting couples in the U.S. nowadays — those over the age of 50 .
The generation that most wanted marriage has become the generation that scoffs .
Most of their reasons are practical — remarriage can mean , for example , adjusting or possibly losing some Social Security benefits and risking a life ’s savings to pay a new spouse ’s medical bills .
It means entangling finances that adult children will , sooner or later , have to untangle .
Some of their reasons are more personal — memories of a bad first marriage , perhaps , loyalty to a good one or a reluctance to give up newfound independence .
Image Credit ... Human Empire
But at its core , this trend is the latest twist in the redefinition of marriage — and what it means to be a wife .
It used to be that a woman went to college for her Mrs. degree , then donned a starched apron and baked apple pies , all while delighting in her sparkling floors .
Now a grocery chain in Britain surveyed its customers and found that only 16 percent of married women can make the dough from scratch , while more than half of their mothers could .
( Only 25 percent can poach an egg without relying on a gadget , compared with 75 percent of their mothers ; two - thirds of us ca n’t make gravy from scratch — two - thirds of our mothers could . )
Today working wives in the U.S. bring in 45 percent of total family earnings , and 22 percent ages 30 to 44 earn more than their husbands .
Let ’s use some of that energy we saved ( Image : Nick M. Do/ Photodisc / Getty )
SURVEYS of hundreds of UK households reveal that people who have made their houses more energy efficient are more likely to indulge in small excesses – turning up the heating , for example , or keeping it on for longer .
Small excesses add up to large costs .
The results of the studies – seven of them in total – suggest that such energy creep could wipe out as much as half of the anticipated savings from making homes more energy efficient ( Building Research & Information , vol 38 , issue 1 ) .
“ Some householders who install double - glazing , insulation and energy - efficient boilers end …
The single best reason to pass health - care reform
" I 'll just tell you this , " Rush Limbaugh says .
" If this passes and it 's five years from now and all that stuff gets implemented -- I am leaving the country .
I 'll go to Costa Rica . "
You hear that , guys ?
Health - care reform will not only cover 30 million Americans and reduce the deficit , but it 'll also get rid of Rush Limbaugh !
This is , like , the best bill ever !
Update :
It seems that Limbaugh was saying he would leave the country to get medical care .
Which is still rather hilarious , as the country he chose has a socialized health - care system .
SJA member and the 2007 SJA British Sports Photographer of the Year Gareth Copley was today named as the winner of the sports action category in the prestigious World Press Photo contest .
The PA Sport cricket specialist ’s winning image shows England ’s Jonathan Trott being run out at the fifth Ashes Test at The Oval last August .
“ I knew the results would be announced today , so I looked on the internet , checked my emails and saw this , ” a shocked Copley told the British Journal of Photography .
Copley says he always enters World Press Photo , to receive the annual book that is sent to all participants .
Copley believs it is the first time that a cricket image has won a World Press Photo prize .
Judges awarded prizes to 63 photographers from 23 countries in one of journalism ’s most prestigious photo contests .
The jury spent two weeks reviewing a record 101,960 photographs by 5,847 photographers from 128 different nations .
The contest is only open to professional photographers , with winners to receive a prize of 10,000 euro and a camera at a ceremony in Amsterdam on May 2 .
Click here for The Guardian ‘s gallery of winning pictures
Click here for more recent articles on journalism , sport and sports journalism
Book your tickets for sports journalism ’s Big Night Out – the British Sports Journalism Awards on Monday March 8 – click here for details and booking form
CALGARY , Alberta --
Two teams battling for one of the final playoff spots in the Western Conference hooked up Monday night in a game that had postseason - like intensity and drama .
It was a tight , hard - fought game from start to finish and appeared headed to overtime until Tomas Holmstrom scored with 1:19 remaining in the third period , lifting the Detroit Red Wings to a 2 - 1 victory over the Calgary Flames at the Saddledome .
The Red Wings ’ third consecutive win -- their longest streak since they won four in a row from Dec. 11 - 17 -- moved them three points ahead of the ninth - place Flames .
“ If we play good , we ’re going to get into the playoffs , ’’ Detroit coach Mike Babcock said .
“ What I like is we ’ve won seven of our last nine and it looks like we ’re going in the right direction . ’’
Holmstrom was in front of the net when he tipped Johan Franzen ’s slap shot from the point past goaltender Miikka Kiprusoff .
It was Holmstrom ’s 20th goal of the season .
“ The puck went up to the blue line .
Mule ( Franzen ) was twisting and turning and I was hanging around the net , ’’ Holmstrom said .
“ Mule knew I was around the net so he just got it there and I got lucky this time .
“ We really need to get this win . ’’
Franzen , who also assisted on Pavel Datsyuk ’s second - period power - play goal , said , “ I was tired , I was standing still there , but the D ( Robyn Regehr ) kept his distance a little bit so I had time to get a shot off .
Homer was in front of the net as usual .
If you just put it somewhere around there he usually gets on them . ’’
The clubs split their season series 2 - 2 , with the road team winning every game .
Both teams have 13 games remaining , but Calgary has the more daunting schedule , with eight road games .
“ It ’s a 1 - 1 game , you get scored on in the last two minutes .
That ca n’t happen , ’’ Flames coach Brent Sutter said .
“ We got to be better than that in our own zone . ’’
Special teams again were huge for the Red Wings , who killed Brian Rafalski ’s double - minor penalty for high - sticking early in the third period .
The Red Wings have killed 46 - of - 49 shorthanded situations ( 93.9 percent ) in their past 16 games .
“ Our penalty - kill on that four minute power play did n’t give them a sniff , ’’ Babcock said .
“ We did a great job getting back , breaking up their opportunities , ’’ Red Wings goalie Jimmy Howard said .
“ We did a good job covering the points .
They like to work it down low and then throw it up high and hammer it to the net .
The guys did a good job getting into the lanes and blocking shots .
Made my life easier . ’’
The action heated up in the final 2 minutes of the second period .
An interference penalty to Steve Staios at 17:54 gave Detroit its first power play of the game .
But Curtis Glencross was awarded a penalty shot after getting hooked on a breakaway by Henrik Zetterberg , who coughed up the puck at his own blue line .
Howard made a blocker save on Glencross on the penalty shot .
The Red Wings ’ power play resumed , and Datsyuk whipped a wrist shot from the slot into the top corner of the net .
Kiprusoff was screened by Holmstrom .
It was Datsyuk ’s team - leading 22nd goal , his fifth in the last six games .
“ I do n’t mind the penalty shot because we still would have remained on the power play , and we were able to get a goal , ’’ Howard said .
As for Glencross ’ decision to start deep in his own end to build up speed , Howard said , “ It ’s a
lot easier for a goalie when a guy ’s coming in that quick .
Just something clicked in my mind that he ’s shooting blocker , so I really protected that side . ’’
The Red Wings have scored at least one power - play goal in a season - high 10 consecutive games .
The Red Wings had several quality scoring chances in the first period but trailed 1 - 0 at the intermission on Craig Conroy ’s goal at 1:47 .
Andreas Lilja ’s turnover led to the goal , as he misfired on an attempted outlet pass to Darren Helm .
Conroy pounced on the puck and eventually tucked it into the open side .
“ We had lots of opportunities .
I would have liked to execute a few times a little better , but that ’s life , ’’ Babcock said .
“ I thought we had a real good game out of ( Drew ) Miller , ( Jason ) Williams and ( Todd ) Bertuzzi .
They were really good . ’’
It was the start of a three - game Western Canada trip that includes an unusual three - day break .
The Red Wings will spend it in the resort town of Kelowna , British Columbia , where they will practice Wednesday and Thursday before heading to Edmonton to face the Oilers on Friday .
Terrorism 's Mask of Sanity
The following article appears in the print version of the Autumn issue of Azure .
As of this writing , a war of words is heating up between Israel and Hezbollah that may lead to yet another round of armed conflict between the two .
Hezbollah recently threatened to carry out overseas operations against Israeli interests in order to avenge the assassination of its military commander , Imad Mugniyeh , last year in Damascus ; the Israeli government , for its part , warned Hezbollah that a steep price will be paid if it dares to proceed .
Will Hezbollah make good on its claims , and risk bringing the wrath of the IDF down on Lebanon ’s already - battered southern villages and the Shiite quarter in Beirut ?
True , predicting the course of events in the Middle East is difficult , if not impossible .
When it comes to Hezbollah , however , one can play it safe by assuming the worst — or at the very least , being wary of rosy predictions .
And there have been no lack of those : Ever since Lebanon ’s “ Party of God ” ( a literal translation of hizb allah ) stopped hijacking airplanes and taking Westerners hostage , chronic underestimation of its intentions and capabilities has been the norm among journalists , policy analysts , and even Hezbollah experts .
One such widely - acknowledged expert is Augustus Richard Norton , whose book Hezbollah : A Short History is essential reading for anyone interested in the subject .
Norton has earned his reputation as a serious authority on Hezbollah , having conducted research in Lebanon for more than two decades and authored several volumes on that country in particular and the region in general .
During the 1980s , when Hezbollah first emerged , he was a U.S. Army officer and military observer for the United Nations near the south Lebanese border with Israel ; in 1993 , he became a tenured professor of both international relations and anthropology at Boston University .
Like all good academics , Norton strives here for an objective view of his subject : “ The purpose of this book , ” he writes in the prologue , “ is to offer a more balanced and nuanced account of this complex organization ” than has been provided before .
He mostly succeeds .
His short history is not a polemic , after all :
He does not grind an axe , nor does he serve as a Hezbollah apologist , as some sympathetic Westerners have been wont to do .
On the contrary , the book is long on facts and refreshingly short on opinion .
Moreover , the new 2009 paperback edition includes an afterword that corrects some of the mistakes in the first edition .
In this short but dense volume , Norton documents in detail how and why Hezbollah was founded in South Lebanon in the crucible of civil war , and goes on to explain the group ’s role during that war and how it emerged as the champion of Lebanon ’s ideologically fractious Shia community .
Like Hamas , Norton shows , Hezbollah acquired much of its support by providing social services such as education and medical care to parts of the country long neglected by the state — even as it waged a proxy war against the “ Zionist enemy ” to the south .
During the last decade or so , however , Hezbollah has attempted to show a more moderate face to the world , following the laws of war a bit more than Hamas , and a lot more than Al Qaeda .
Yet if Hezbollah may be described as “ restrained ” in comparison to some other terrorist groups , it is hardly moderate in any objective sense , a fact of which Norton is well aware .
Indeed , he points out that toward the end of Lebanon ’s civil war in the 1980s , Hezbollah ’s kidnapping spree made the country so dangerous for Westerners that the U.S. State Department prohibited using American passports to travel there until 1997 .
And if some analysts have split hairs over whether it is in fact a guerilla organization or a terrorist group , Norton ’s account of the source of Hezbollah ’s notoriety — its slate of kidnappings , murders , hijackings , and car bombings , usually against civilian targets , and some as far away as South America — should lay to rest any questions of that particular debate ’s relevancy .
Nonetheless , there are some problems with Norton ’s book , which the benefit of two years ’ worth of hindsight have brought squarely into light .
Aside from its exhaustive research and wealth of detail , it offers a valuable lesson on the misunderstanding that permeates most Westerners ’ assessments of Hezbollah — a misunderstanding with dangerous implications for foreign policy in the Middle East .
*
As Norton ’s book makes clear , there is such a thing as being too even - handed and balanced in one ’s analysis .
While he undoubtedly set out to be as objective as possible , as any good analyst or historian should be , more than once Norton lets this tendency get away from him .
The result is a series of equivalences that are far - fetched at best , and absurd at worst .
Perhaps the most glaring example of this problem is Norton ’s depiction of Hezbollah ’s long series of confrontations with the State of Israel .
From its inception , war with Israel has been a defining aspect of Hezbollah , and it is therefore no surprise that Israel ’s northern border seems always just about to boil over .
Yet , from Norton ’s description , one would assume that both parties are equally to blame for this situation .
Regarding the Second Lebanon war in 2006 , for instance , he writes that “ both sides were clearly itching for a fight . ”
Norton has a point here , but just barely : After Israel evacuated southern Lebanon in 2000 , Hezbollah started one skirmish after another along the border fence .
The IDF , over time , grew weary of these low - level attacks , and prepared for a stronger response if they continued .
To say , however , that Israel “ itched ” for a fight is a stretch .
Former Israeli prime minister Ehud Barak was elected in part because he promised to withdraw the army from Lebanon and end the conflict once and for all .
As far as Israelis were concerned , they no longer had a reason to fight with Hezbollah about anything .
They were flat - out sick of combat in Lebanon , in no way eager for more .
In contrast , Hezbollah justifies its existence , ideologically , by continuing its “ resistance ” against and war with Israel .
Not two pages later is a similar example : Israeli Ambassador Dan Gillerman , Norton writes , referred “ to Hezbollah as a cancer that would have to be cut out .
The Israelis certainly have no monopoly on this sort of language ; Hezbollah propaganda routinely refers to Israel as a cancer . ”
Again , this is technically accurate .
Both Israel and Hezbollah have used the word “ cancer ” to describe each other .
Norton ’s attempt to draw an equivalence between these two usages , however , is questionable .
Like it or not , there is a world of difference between describing an entire country as cancerous , and describing an aggressive terrorist organization in the same way .
In the conclusion to Norton ’s chapter on the 2006 war , he uses the “ both sides ” formulation to make a point that is not just misleading , but false .
“ After the war of arms ended , ” he writes , “ the war of words began , as each side struggled to persuade friend and foe alike of their victory , revealing the fragility of claims on both sides . ”
It is true that plenty of Israelis mocked Hezbollah Secretary General Hassan Nasrallah ’s declaration of “ divine victory ” from the smoldering ruins of the suburbs south of Beirut , but hardly any of them insisted they had won .
On the contrary , the war was perceived as a catastrophe by Israel ’s left , right , and center alike .
In its aftermath , then - prime minister Ehud Olmert ’s approval ratings plunged to single digits .
Meanwhile , Nasrallah put up bombastic triumphant billboards throughout the territory he controlled , including the major road that connects Beirut to its international airport .
Such strained attempts at equivalence are at times just a minor annoyance , and I would be inclined to give Norton a pass on the matter , except for the fact that they expose his worst blind spot :
His difficulty in acknowledging the simple fact that Hezbollah is nothing like Israel .
Israel is a sovereign country and a democracy .
Hezbollah is a theocratic terrorist organization backed by an equally theocratic regime in Iran .
To paint them as in any way similar is bound to lead a historian into error , especially with regards to predicting how one , the other , or both are likely to behave in the future .
In Norton ’s case , that is exactly what has happened .
Martin Kramer , a fellow at the Shalem Center and the Washington Institute for Near East Policy , has pointed out on his Web site that Norton ’s habit of giving Hezbollah too much credit long preceded the publication of Hezbollah : A Short History .
In 1998 , before Ehud Barak ordered the IDF out of southern Lebanon , Norton predicted , “ Episodic attacks on Israel might occur from Lebanon , but the broadly popular resistance will close up shop when Israel leaves . ”
Later , in an article published in Middle East Policy , he went so far as to claim that Hezbollah would agree to its own disarmament .
Hezbollah , of course , must be mindful that the mood of general support that it now enjoys is hardly guaranteed , and that it would sacrifice much of its support base if it provoked violent Israeli retaliation against southern Lebanon .
For that matter , it is apt to reiterate that Hezbollah calculates that it will be the beneficiary of an Israeli withdrawal , given its celebrated role in the resistance .
Certainly , the modality of an Israeli withdrawal would include provisions for disarming Hezbollah in the South , as well as the creation of a security regime for the area .
It is precisely this eventuality for which Hezbollah has been visibly preparing since its party congress in July 1995 .
Unfortunately , none of this turned out to be true .
Norton further compounds the problem when , in the conclusion to Hezbollah , he equates the Shiite organization with Lebanon ’s “ March 14 ” movement , whose series of 2005 street protests succeeded in ousting the Syrian military .
In late December of 2006 , Hezbollah held a gigantic rally in downtown Beirut against the March 14 government led by Prime Minister Fouad Seniora and demanded that its own “ March 8 ” alliance be given veto power over all government decisions .
Hezbollah refused to disperse until its demands were met , drawing the country into a seventeen - months - long political crisis .
“ The previous year , ” Norton writes ,
Western governments , especially the U.S. government , endorsed and encouraged similar protests to topple a pro-Syrian government , but now the shoe was on the other foot .
If Washington and the predominantly Sunni world was aghast at Shiite muscle flexing , especially since it might well benefit Iran ’s power projection into the wider Middle East , perhaps the most profound importance of the December protest , if it remains peaceful , will be a model for collective action in other Arab locales , which is a prospect no less distressing to the Arab world ’s autocrats .
But Hezbollah ’s protest did not remain peaceful , as the March 14 protests did .
On May 7 2008 , following the Lebanese Government ’s decision to shut down Hezbollah ’s illegal telecommunications network in the international airport , the organization initiated an armed assault on the western half of Beirut and the Chouf mountains , carried out by militiamen wielding AK - 47s , Molotov cocktails , sniper rifles , and rocket - propelled grenade launchers .
Government buildings , businesses , and houses in the university - and international - hotel district were attacked .
Television stations were ransacked and firebombed .
At least eighty - one people were killed .
There was , in other words , no symmetry whatsoever between the March 14 demonstrations and Hezbollah ’s siege on Lebanon ’s government ; neither their aims nor their methods were in any way similar .
The March 14 protests succeeded in forcing out a foreign occupation army .
Hezbollah sought to weaken or overthrow the Seniora government , which was neither foreign nor a dictatorship , but rather democratically elected .
Hezbollah ’s patrons and armorers in Syria and Iran , by contrast , rule by brute force , a quality they have passed on to their Lebanese protégé .
Norton ’s unfortunate determination to see Hezbollah as favorably similar to the Arab world 's answer to the " color " revolutions that previously swept Georgia and Ukraine led him to underestimate the organization ’s intentions in the region , as well as the measures it would be willing to employ in their service .
*
If the first edition of Hezbollah : A Short History had been published this year , instead of in 2007 , Norton might well have avoided most of these mistakes .
He is n’t a dishonest writer , after all ; he simply got some things wrong .
In the new afterword to the paperback edition , he clears up some of his errors , and concludes with a far more realistic tone than before .
“ The threat of a new war can not be ignored , ” he writes on the last page of the afterword , “ even if neither Israel nor Hezbollah seem particularly anxious for it to occur . ”
Perhaps more important , Norton warns that , “ Should the United States or Israel , or both , attack Iran ’s nuclear enrichment facilities with the goal of thwarting Iran ’s drive to build nuclear weapons , it is possible that Hezbollah would retaliate with its rocket arsenal against Israel . ”
Gone , it appears , are his assumptions that Hezbollah was on a path to reasonableness and moderation .
For Norton , the last two years have apparently been a reality check .
As they have been for most of the rest of us , too .
To give Norton the benefit of the doubt , I must confess that , in the past , I have made some of the same errors in judgment regarding Hezbollah .
Although the Lebanese scene is not foreign to me , I also thought Israel ’s withdrawal from that country should have ended the problem — though I was n’t writing professionally about Hezbollah at the time .
I also was caught off guard by the 2006 war , but so were most Lebanese and most Israelis .
Even Hassan Nasrallah himself said he was surprised by the intensity of the conflagration he ignited .
In the end , Norton ’s errors are the same errors most of us made .
Why were so many people mistaken about Hezbollah ?
The truth is that it is easy to underestimate the organization .
For a variety of reasons , Hezbollah often looks more reasonable than it actually is .
For starters , it really is more disciplined and restrained than Al Qaeda , the Taliban , Hamas , and other militant Islamic groups in the Middle East .
It really does compete in elections and join in parliamentary coalitions .
And while it sometimes uses force to get its way , at other times it protests non-violently — something that would not even occur to the likes of Osama bin Laden or Abu Musab al Zarqawi .
Moreover , its sophisticated media relations department employs spokesmen who know exactly what liberal - minded Westerners want to hear .
If you squint hard enough at Hezbollah , it can sometimes look like a somewhat cruder version of Turkey ’s Justice and Development Party ( AKP ) , a group of former Islamists who really have joined the democratic mainstream .
During the time I lived in Beirut and since , I ’ve spoken with numerous Hezbollah officials , and I know from experience that they use sanitized , politically correct language when speaking to Westerners , studiously avoiding the hysterical and bigoted rhetoric typical of the party ’s Al Manar television network and newspapers .
They ’re much more adept at this than they used to be , and Norton , after listening to them for years , seems to have taken much of this talk at face value .
It is also possible that Norton , unlike many of us in the media , is unfamiliar with Hezbollah ’s bullying tactics toward journalists of whom they disapprove .
After cracking a joke about Hezbollah on my blog in late 2005 , Hussein Naboulsi of their media relations department called me at home and said , “ We know who you are , we read everything you write , and we know where you live . ”
During the war in 2006 , Beirut - based Time magazine reporter Chris Allbritton wrote the following on his Web site , “ To the south , along the curve of the coast , Hezbollah is launching Katyushas , but I ’m loath to say too much about them .
The Party of God has a copy of every journalist ’s passport , and they ’ve already hassled a number of us and threatened one . ”
Reporter Charles Levinson of the Wall Street Journal had problems of his own in 2007 : “ My experience with Hezbollah this week has left an unpleasant taste in my mouth , ” he wrote .
“ I had heard this from other journalist friends who have recently returned from Lebanon , but discovered it for myself this week : their interaction with the press borders on fascist . ”
Some of the Shiite party ’s officials can be charming , even disarming .
I , too , might have been inclined to cut Hezbollah some slack and take some of its moderate statements more seriously had I not seen its public - relations mask slip myself .
Hezbollah is not just the terrorist group , political party , and social - services organization Norton so ably documents .
It is also a de facto overseas branch of the Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps .
Nor does the organization make much of an attempt to hide this fact .
Its original manifesto states , “ We are the vanguard of which was made victorious by God in Iran . …
We obey the orders of one leader , wise and just , that of our tutor and faqih ( jurist ) who fulfills all the necessary conditions : Ruhollah Musawi Khomeini .
God save him ! ” Posters of Khomeini and Iran ’s current “ supreme leader , ” Ali Khamenei , are still plastered all over Hezbollah - controlled territory along the border with Israel and the suburbs south of Beirut , territory that is effectively an Iranian satellite state inside Lebanon .
This is Hezbollah ’s most defining characteristic , and it is the number - one reason the group cannot be adequately compared to other terrorist organizations or political parties .
If Hezbollah actually did resemble Israel or Lebanon ’s March 14 coalition , Norton ’s predictions would likely have turned out to be accurate .
Unfortunately , the only equivalency that actually conforms to reality is between Hezbollah and its patron , the Islamic Republic regime in Iran .
This , in turn , leads to the depressing conclusion that despite the confident analyses of Norton and many others , Hezbollah is not likely to change unless the government in Iran changes first .
As long as people who , like Norton , make a living from writing on these issues miss this crucial point , they will continue to underestimate and misunderstand Hezbollah , its intentions , and the calamity it is capable of causing in the future .
Posted by Michael J. Totten at November 22 , 2009 11:01 PM
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
David Cameron has said that a Conservative government would train a 5,000 - strong " neighbourhood army " to set up community groups .
The Tory leader said in a speech this offered a " positive alternative to Labour 's big government " approach .
But the BBC has learned it will be paid for with money from an existing scheme which supports voluntary organisations .
Meanwhile , Labour is promising communities more powers to take over the running of local services .
The parties are attempting to take control of the " localist " agenda ahead of the general election , which is likely to be held on 6 May. ' Galvanising '
The Conservatives are promising to fund the training of 5,000 full - time , professional community organisers " over the course of the next Parliament " .
They say this is based on a movement in the United States which has " trained generations of community organisers , including President Obama " .
BBC political correspondent Carole Walker said the funding would come from Futurebuilders , a government programme which provides grants and loans to charities and other voluntary bodies to help them bid for and deliver public service contracts .
Mr Cameron has pointed out that Futurebuilders has been criticised , in the past , for poor delivery .
But a report by Sheffield Hallam University published on Wednesday concluded the scheme had provided organisations with access to finance they would not otherwise have got and , in the majority of cases , they had delivered services more cost - effectively .
The era of top - down government is over
Tessa Jowell , Labour
In a speech in central London , Mr Cameron said : " I do n't think the state should be funding directly the community organisations , but the state can fund the training , can do some of the galvanising . "
Repeating his description of Britain as a " broken society " , he said : " We are determined to create a bigger society , to give people more control over their lives .
We believe we need to get Britain running . "
Mr Cameron also announced plans to create a " Big Society Bank " , funded from unclaimed bank assets , which will " provide hundreds of millions of pounds of new finance for neighbourhood groups , charities , social enterprises and other non-governmental bodies " .
The party says it will transform the civil service into a " civic service " , by " making regular community service a key element in civil servant staff appraisals " .
Mr Cameron said : " In Labour 's world , for every problem there 's a government solution , for every issue an initiative .
" This is not what Beveridge dreamed of when he created the welfare state . "
' Important step '
He added : " We want every adult to be a member of an active neighbourhood group .
" I know some people argue that there is n't the appetite for this sort of widespread community participation .
I do n't agree . "
For Labour , Cabinet Office Minister Tessa Jowell said a pilot scheme would look at giving parents a greater role in deciding how Sure Start children 's centres are run .
The ' Big Society ' is just patronising nonsense
Julia Goldsworthy , Lib Dem communities spokeswoman
There would also be a " movement to allowing staff in the NHS who want to run their own services to keep their existing pension " .
Ms Jowell said : " The era of top - down government is over .
Often , the best people to decide how local services should work are the local people using and running those services .
" These measures are an important step in achieving a big increase in the number of ' mutual ' services that will give real power over the services that matter most . "
The Liberal Democrats said the Conservative proposals were a " gimmick " and they were " out of touch " with existing examples of community activism .
" The ' Big Society ' is just patronising nonsense , particularly for the thousands of dedicated people who are working to make their communities better every day , " said the party 's communities spokeswoman Julia Goldsworthy .
" David Cameron will say anything to get a headline .
The Liberal Democrats will give people real power over things that matter like their local police and health services . "
The BBC's Home Affairs Editor Mark Easton said the Conservatives ' grass - roots initiative was ambitious and there was a danger it would be easier to put forward in opposition than implement in government .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
SCALE 8x : Relational vs. non-relational
LWN .net needs you !
Without subscribers , LWN would simply not exist .
Please consider signing up for a subscription and helping to keep LWN publishing
PostgreSQL hacker Josh Berkus set out to do some " mythbusting " about differences in database technologies in his talk at SCALE 8x .
While there are plenty of differences between the various approaches taken by database systems , those are not really the ones that are being highlighted by the technical press .
In particular , the so - called " NoSQL movement " makes for a great soundbite , but is " not very informative or accurate " .
Berkus went on to survey the current database landscape while giving advice on how to approach choosing a database for a particular application .
This is a " more exciting time " to be a " database geek " than ever before , he said .
Looking back seven years to 2003 , he noted that there were essentially seven different free choices , all of which are SQL - based .
In 2010 , there are " dozens of new databases breeding like rabbits " , with some 60 choices available .
As an example of how quickly things are moving , Berkus noted that while he was in New Zealand at linux .
conf.au , where a colleague was giving a related talk , two new databases were released .
Mythbusting
Berkus likened the NoSQL term to a partition that is created by putting dolphins , clown fish , and 1958 Cadillacs on one side and octopuses , Toyota Priuses , and redwood trees on the other — labeled as the " NoFins " group .
The non-relational databases that are lumped together as NoSQL have " radically different " organizations and use cases .
But , that 's not just true of the non-relational databases , it 's also true for the various relational databases as well .
Another myth that he pointed out was the " revolutionary " tag that gets associated with all of the new types of databases .
Once again , that is a convenient soundbite that is n't accurate .
He has not seen a new database algorithm since 2000 , and all of the new crop of database systems are new implementations and combinations of earlier techniques .
The new systems are not revolutionary , just evolutionary .
As an example , he put up a slide with the following description of a database : " A database storing application - friendly formatted objects , each containing collections of attributes which can be searched through a document ID , or the creation of ad - hoc indexes as needed by the application . "
He noted that it applies equally well to one of his current favorites , CouchDB , which was created in 2007 , and to the Pick database system — the original object of the description — which was created in 1965 .
Instead of a revolution , what we are seeing now is a " renaissance of non-relational databases " .
That description is far more accurate , Berkus said , and is a better way to view the change .
It is a " big thing " that is going to " change the way that people use databases " , so it is important to label it correctly .
Another myth is that non-relational databases are " toys " , which is something that is often pushed by people who work on relational systems .
Berkus pointed out that many SCALE sponsors would disagree : Google using Bigtable , Facebook using Memcached , Amazon with Dynamo , and so on .
The other side of that myth is that relational databases will become obsolete .
Unsurprisingly , that myth is often promulgated by those who work on non-relational databases , and it is something that the relational community has heard before .
Berkus pointed to a keynote speech in 2001 proclaiming that relational databases would be replaced with XML databases .
He then asked if anyone even remembered or used XML databases ; when even the crickets were silent , he pointed out that various relational and non-relational databases had hybridized with XML databases , incorporating the best features of XML databases into existing systems .
He predicted that " over the next five years , we will see more hybridization " between different types of database technologies .
" Relational databases are for when you need ACID transactions " was myth number five .
Support for transactions is " completely orthogonal " to the relational vs. non-relational question .
There are systems like Berkeley DB and Amazon Dynamo that provide robust transactions in non-relational databases , as well as MS Access and MySQL that provide SQL without transactions .
The final myth that needs busting is the Lord of the Rings inspired " one ring theory of database use " , Berkus said .
There is " absolutely no reason " to choose one database for all of one 's projects .
He recommends choosing the database system that fits the needs of the application , or to use more than one , such as MySQL with Memcached or PostgreSQL with CouchDB .
Another alternative is to use a hybrid , like MySQL NDB , which puts a distributed object database as a back - end to MySQL , or HadoopDB which puts PostgreSQL behind the Hadoop MapReduce implementation .
So , what about relational vs. non-relational ?
Relational databases provide better transaction support than non-relational databases do , mostly because of the age and maturity of relational databases , Berkus said .
Transaction support is something that many open source people do n't know about because the most popular database ( MySQL ) does n't implement it .
Relational databases enforce data constraints and consistency because that is the basis of the relational model .
There are other benefits of today 's relational databases , he said , including complex reporting capabilities and vertical scaling to high - end hardware .
He also noted that horizontal scaling was not that well - supported and that relational databases tend to have a high administrative overhead .
On the question of SQL vs. Not -SQL , Berkus outlined the tradeoffs .
SQL promotes portability , multiple application access , and has ways to manage database changes over time .
There are many mature tools to work with SQL , but SQL is a full programming language that must be learned to take advantage of it .
Not -SQL allows fast interfaces to the data , without impedance - matching layers , which in turn allows for faster development .
Typically , there are no separate database administrators ( DBAs ) for Not -SQL databases , with programmers acting in that role .
" It 's always a tradeoff " , Berkus said , but one place that a SQL - relational database makes the most sense is where you have " immortal data " .
If the data being stored has a life independent of the specific application and needs to be available to new applications down the road , SQL - relational is probably the right choice .
How to choose
For other situations , you need to define the " features you actually need to solve that particular problem " plus another list of features you 'd like , " then go shopping " .
Chances are , he said , there is a database or combination of databases that fits your needs .
He then went on to some specific application requirements , suggesting possible choices of database or databases to satisfy them .
I need a database for my blog : " use anything " , including MySQL , PostgreSQL , SQLite , CouchDB , flat files , DBase III , etc. Pick " whatever is easiest to install " because " it does n't matter " .
: " " , including MySQL , PostgreSQL , SQLite , CouchDB , flat files , DBase III , etc. Pick " " because " " .
I need my database to unify several applications and keep them consistent :
For example a data warehousing application written C/C++ with reporting tools in Ruby and Rails , should use an OLTP SQL - Relational database like PostgreSQL .
He also could n't resist noting that the PostgreSQL 9 alpha was released the day before : " download it and test it out " .
: For example a data warehousing application written C/C++ with reporting tools in Ruby and Rails , should use an OLTP SQL - Relational database like PostgreSQL .
He also could n't resist noting that the PostgreSQL 9 alpha was released the day before : " " .
I need my application to be location aware : a geographical database , such as PostGIS , is needed .
Geographical databases allow queries like " what 's near " and " what 's inside " .
: a geographical database , such as PostGIS , is needed .
Geographical databases allow queries like " what 's near " and " what 's inside " .
I need to store thousands of event objects per second on embedded hardware : db4object is probably the right choice , but SQLite might also be considered .
: db4object is probably the right choice , but SQLite might also be considered .
I need to access 100 K objects per second over thousands of web connections :
Memcached is a distributed in - memory key - value store , which is used by all of the biggest social networks .
It can be used as a supplement to a back - end relational database .
He also mentioned Redis and TokyoTyrant as possible alternatives .
: Memcached is a distributed in - memory key - value store , which is used by all of the biggest social networks .
It can be used as a supplement to a back - end relational database .
He also mentioned Redis and TokyoTyrant as possible alternatives .
I have hundreds of government documents I need to serve on the web and mine for data :
It 's hard to get the government to release the data , so the structure of the data may not come with it , which means that the structure must be derived from examining the documents .
For that , he suggests CouchDB .
: It 's hard to get the government to release the data , so the structure of the data may not come with it , which means that the structure must be derived from examining the documents .
For that , he suggests CouchDB .
I have a social application and I need to know who - knows - who - knows - who - knows - who - knows - who : This is a very hard problem for relational databases and what 's needed is a graphing database such as Neo4j .
Long chains of relationships are difficult for relational databases , but graphing databases , used in conjunction with another database , can handle these kinds of queries , as well as queries to find items " you may also like " .
: This is a very hard problem for relational databases and what 's needed is a graphing database such as Neo4j .
Long chains of relationships are difficult for relational databases , but graphing databases , used in conjunction with another database , can handle these kinds of queries , as well as queries to find items " you may also like " .
and so on ...
The slides [ PDF ] from Berkus 's talk have additional examples .
The basic idea is that " different database systems do better at different tasks " and it is impossible for any database system to do everything well , " no matter what a vendor or project leader may claim " .
For those who are looking for open source solutions , he recommended the Open Source Database survey which Selena Deckelmann has put together .
While it is , as yet , incomplete , it does list around a dozen lesser - known database systems .
It is clear from the talk that it is an exciting time to be a database developer — or user for that matter .
There are many different options to choose from , each with their own strengths and weaknesses , some of which can be combined in interesting ways .
It is also very clear that there are many more axes to the database graph than just the overly simplified SQL vs.
NoSQL axis that seems to dominate coverage of these up - and - coming database systems .
Man arrested for trying to sell giant stuffed tiger from Alexander McQueen fashion shoot for £ 50,000
Police have arrested a man trying to sell a giant stuffed tiger from an Alexander McQueen fashion shoot for £ 50,000 .
The adult Bengal tiger was used as a prop in a photoshoot for the late fashion designer a few months before his death in February this year .
Police believe the big cat was being sold illegally as a unique piece of fashion memorabilia .
Met officers confiscate a stuffed tiger from SHOWstudio in London
Officers from Scotland Yard 's Wildlife Crime Unit seized the stuffed animal from SHOWstudio near Oxford Street in central London last week after officers were tipped off that it was being sold illegally without the necessary paperwork .
Police are now investigating when and where the animal was killed and stuffed .
Police are investigating where the large Bengal tiger was killed and stuffed
They have arrested a 47 - year - old man on suspicion of breaking international wildlife laws .
If the animal was killed after 1947 , the owner must provide documentation to verify its origin and that its sale complies with laws to protect the slaying of endangered species .
Rare stuffed animals such as tigers and lions can sell for more than £ 75,000 .
The stuffed animal mounted on a wooden platform was bought from a German zoo last year for the shoot by renowned British photographer Nicholas Knight to advertise a range of Puma trainers designed by McQueen .
Following the photoshoot last October , the tiger was put up for sale at a prop emporium run by the photographer who has shot album covers for stars like Kylie Minogue , Cheryl Cole , Elvis Costello , Boy George , David Bowie and Paul Weller .
The arrest is part of a crackdown on the illegal trade in endangered species codenamed Operation Charm .
Since the launch of the operation in 1995 , the Metropolitan Police has seized more than 30,000 endangered species products being sold illegally in London including traditional Chinese medicines , elephant ivory , animal skins and fashion items .
Detective Sergeant Ian Knox of the Wildlife Crime Unit , said : ' In order to discourage the trade in rare animals and related items , it is crucial that regulations surrounding their sale are strictly enforced .
' Where an item is suspected of breaching the Convention on the International Trade of Endangered Species regulations designed to protect our planet 's most endangered flora and fauna , we will take the appropriate action to establish its origin and , when necessary , seize it as evidence . '
The late Alexander McQueen used the stuffed tiger in a photo shoot last October
An advert about the tiger posted on the studio's website reads : ' Created for Spring / Summer 2010 Alexander McQueen PUMA campaign Crane Vs. Tiger , photographed by Nick Knight .
' Taxidermied Belgian tiger specimen on painted wooden base .
204 x 60 x 200 cm '
The reference to Belgium may be where the animal was stuffed .
Although the trade in wild tiger skins is illegal in Europe , trade in captive - bred tigers is allowed if a certificate is given by the country ’s wildlife department .
While the UK’s Department of Environment rarely issues such certificates , if the authority of another EU country provides a certificate to a dealer in that country the item can then be imported into the UK .
An investigation in 2007 revealed that European zoos were killing healthy tigers in order to sell their bodies to a taxidermist in Belgium who sold the stuffed animals on to wealthy collectors .
The Federal Trade Commission today sued Intel Corp. , the world ’s leading computer chip maker , charging that the company has illegally used its dominant market position for a decade to stifle competition and strengthen its monopoly .
In its complaint , the FTC alleges that Intel has waged a systematic campaign to shut out rivals ’ competing microchips by cutting off their access to the marketplace .
In the process , Intel deprived consumers of choice and innovation in the microchips that comprise the computers ’ central processing unit , or CPU .
These chips are critical components that often are referred to as the “ brains ” of a computer .
According to the FTC complaint , Intel ’s anticompetitive tactics were designed to put the brakes on superior competitive products that threatened its monopoly in the CPU microchip market .
Over the last decade , this strategy has succeeded in maintaining the Intel monopoly at the expense of consumers , who have been denied access to potentially superior , non-Intel CPU chips and lower prices , the complaint states .
“ Intel has engaged in a deliberate campaign to hamstring competitive threats to its monopoly , ” said Richard A. Feinstein , Director of the FTC ’s Bureau of Competition .
“ It ’s been running roughshod over the principles of fair play and the laws protecting competition on the merits .
The Commission ’s action today seeks to remedy the damage that Intel has done to competition , innovation , and , ultimately , the American consumer . ”
The FTC ’s administrative complaint charges that Intel carried out its anticompetitive campaign using threats and rewards aimed at the world ’s largest computer manufacturers , including Dell , Hewlett - Packard , and IBM , to coerce them not to buy rival computer CPU chips .
Intel also used this practice , known as exclusive or restrictive dealing , to prevent computer makers from marketing any machines with non-Intel computer chips .
In addition , allegedly , Intel secretly redesigned key software , known as a compiler , in a way that deliberately stunted the performance of competitors ’ CPU chips .
Intel told its customers and the public that software performed better on Intel CPUs than on competitors ’
CPUs , but the company deceived them by failing to disclose that these differences were due largely or entirely to Intel ’s compiler design .
Having succeeded in slowing adoption of competing CPU chips over the past decade until it could catch up to competitors like Advanced Micro Devices , Intel allegedly once again finds itself falling behind the competition – this time in the critical market for graphics processing units , commonly known as GPUs , as well as some other related markets .
These products have lessened the need for CPUs , and therefore pose a threat to Intel ’s monopoly power .
Intel has responded to this competitive challenge by embarking on a similar anticompetitive strategy , which aims to preserve its CPU monopoly by smothering potential competition from GPU chips such as those made by Nvidia , the FTC complaint charges .
As part of this latest campaign , Intel misled and deceived potential competitors in order to protect its monopoly .
The complaint alleges that there also is a dangerous probability that Intel ’s unfair methods of competition could allow it to extend its monopoly into the GPU chip markets .
According to the FTC ’s complaint , Intel ’s anticompetitive tactics violate Section 5 of the FTC Act , which is broader than the antitrust laws and prohibits unfair methods of competition , and deceptive acts and practices in commerce .
Critically , unlike an antitrust violation , a violation of Section 5 cannot be used to establish liability for plaintiffs to seek triple damages in private litigation against the same defendant .
The complaint also alleges that Intel engaged in illegal monopolization , attempted monopolization and monopoly maintenance , also in violation of Section 5 of the FTC Act .
To remedy the anticompetitive damage alleged in the complaint , the FTC is seeking an order which includes provisions that would prevent Intel from using threats , bundled prices , or other offers to encourage exclusive deals , hamper competition , or unfairly manipulate the prices of its CPU or GPU chips .
The FTC also may seek an order prohibiting Intel from unreasonably excluding or inhibiting the sale of competitive CPUs or GPUs , and prohibiting Intel from making or distributing products that impair the performance–or apparent performance –of non-Intel CPUs or GPUs .
The Commission vote approving the administrative complaint was 3 - 0 , with Commissioner William E. Kovacic recused , and Commissioner J. Thomas Rosch issuing a separate statement in which he concurs in part and dissents in part from the Commission vote .
Chairman Leibowitz and Commissioner Rosch issued a statement outlining the rationale for bringing the case under Section 5 of the FTC Act , which can be found on the FTC ’s Web site and as a link to this press release .
In his concurring and dissenting statement , Commissioner Rosch described the legal principles that limit an FTC Act Section 5 claim in this case , and the problems that could result from adding follow - on Sherman Act Section 2 claims .
A copy of the Commissioner ’s statement also can be found on the FTC ’s Web site and as a link to this press release .
Under the recently implemented rule expediting the Part 3 administrative hearing process , this matter is tentatively scheduled to be heard before an Administrative Law Judge on September 15 , 2010 , at 10:00 a.m .
NOTE : The Commission issues a complaint when it has “ reason to believe ” that the law has been or is being violated , and it appears to the Commission that a proceeding is in the public interest .
The issuance of a complaint is not a finding or ruling that the respondent has violated the law .
The complaint marks the beginning of a proceeding in which the allegations will be ruled upon after a formal hearing .
The FTC ’s Bureau of Competition works with the Bureau of Economics to investigate alleged anticompetitive business practices and , when appropriate , recommends that the Commission take law enforcement action .
To inform the Bureau about particular business practices , call 202-326-3300 , send an e-mail to antitrust@ftc.gov , or write to the Office of Policy and Coordination , Room 394 , Bureau of Competition , Federal Trade Commission , 600 Pennsylvania Ave , N.W. , Washington , DC 20580 .
To learn more about the Bureau of Competition , read “ Competition Counts ” at http://www.ftc.gov/competitioncounts.
( FTC File No. : 061-0247 ) ( Intel.final.wpd )
Thinking Outside of the Toy Box : 4 Children 's Gizmos That Inspired Scientific Breakthroughs [ Slide Show ]
Brilliant minds reach back to childhood to help them develop tiny transistors , study particle separation , make microfluidics devices , and fight cancer
Computer scientists say they 've discovered a " severe vulnerability " in the world 's most widely used software encryption package that allows them to retrieve a machine 's secret cryptographic key .
The bug in the OpenSSL cryptographic library is significant because the open - source package is used to protect sensitive data in countless applications and operating systems throughout the world .
Although the attack technique is difficult to carry out , it could eventually be applied to a wide variety of devices , particularly media players and smartphones with anti-copying mechanisms .
" Wherever you need to verify the origin of a piece of software or a piece of information , those building blocks come in handy , " said Karsten Nohl , an independent security researcher .
Nohl has in unrelated attacks broken encryption in widely used smartcards and cordless phones .
" The OpenSSL library provides much more than just SSL . "
The scientists , from the University of Michigan 's electrical engineering and computer science departments , said the bug is easily fixed by applying cryptographic " salt " to an underlying error - checking algorithm .
The additional randomization would make the attack unfeasible .
An OpenSSL official , who asked that his name not be published , said engineers are in the process of pushing out a patch and stressed the attack is difficult to carry out in real - world settings .
The university scientists found that they could deduce tiny pieces of a private key by injecting slight fluctuations in a device 's power supply as it was processing encrypted messages .
In a little more than 100 hours , they fed the device enough " transient faults " that they were able to assemble the entirety of its 1024 - bit key .
" This is probably not as much of a threat to a server system as it is to a consumer device , " said Todd Austin , one of the scientists who devised the attack .
" The place where this would be more applicable would be if you want to attack a Blu-ray player ( where ) you have an environment where someone is giving you a device that has a private key to protect intellectual property and you have physical access to the device . "
Servers , by contrast , would be much harder to attack because they are generally located in places that prevent people from manipulating their power supply .
But that does n't mean they 're immune to such exploits .
In events where a machine was overheating or otherwise experiencing power fluctuations , the vulnerability will cause servers to leak secret data that could be intercepted by attackers .
The scientists are also experimenting with the possibility of exploiting the bug using lasers or natural radiation sources , they said .
The attack is enabled by what the researchers described as a " severe vulnerability " in the OpenSSL innards that carry out authentication based on the RSA public key encryption algorithm .
It resides in the so - called fixed window exponentiation algorithm of the open - source crypto library , which is used when errors arise .
By triggering a single - bit error in a multiplication operation , the scientists were able to force OpenSSL to divulge 4 bits of the secret key .
Once they gathered about 8,800 malformed messages from the targeted device , they fed the data into an 81 - machine cluster of 2.4 GHz Pentium - 4 systems running a custom - designed algorithm .
They applied the technique to an embedded hardware device consisting of a Sparc processor running a Linux operating system and were able to extract its 1024 - bit private key in 104 hours .
The researchers said it may be possible to apply the method to other crypto libraries , such as one offered by the Mozilla Foundation .
The other two scientists working on the project were Valeria Bertacco and Andrea Pellegrini .
Their paper ( pdf ) will be presented next week in Dresden at the Design Automation and Test in Europe conference . ®
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) -
The FBI collected more than 2,000 records on U.S. telephone calls by invoking terrorism emergencies that did not exist or by persuading phone companies to provide them , The Washington Post reported on Tuesday .
FBI officials issued approvals afterward to justify their actions in collecting the phone records between 2002 and 2006 , the newspaper said .
“ This practice ceased in 2006 and never involved obtaining the content of telephone conversations .
Additionally , steps have been taken to ensure similar situations do not occur in the future , ” FBI spokesman Michael Kortan told Reuters .
FBI officials issued approvals afterward to justify their actions in collecting the phone records between 2002 and 2006 , the newspaper said .
The Post said it had obtained emails that showed how counterterrorism officials did not follow procedures aimed at protecting civil liberties .
FBI officials confirmed a Justice Department inspector general ’s report due this month is expected to conclude the FBI frequently violated the law with its emergency requests , the newspaper said .
FBI general counsel Valerie Caproni , in an interview with the Post , said the FBI technically violated the Electronic Communications Privacy Act .
“ We should have stopped those requests from being made that way , ” she told the Post .
Caproni said FBI Director Robert Mueller did not know about the problems until the inspector general ’s investigation , which began in mid-2006 .
“ No FBI employee used informal methods to obtain telephone records for reasons other than a legitimate investigative interest , ” Kortan told Reuters .
Why I Support Mises
With the help of our extraordinary supporters , the Mises Institute is the world 's leading supporter of the ideas of liberty and the Austrian School of economics .
Since 1982 , it has been the essential training ground the world over .
With the continuing and growing economic crisis , the ideas of liberty are gaining more attention than ever .
The Austrian School in particular is undergoing a remarkable renaissance .
Hear the words of some of our supporters to learn why they are seizing the moment to help the Institute flood the world with truth .
Chris Cillizza is reporting that Evan Bayh will announce his retirement later today .
" After all these years , my passion for service to my fellow citizens is undiminished , but my desire to do so by serving in Congress has waned , " Bayh will say .
Bayh will announce the decision at a press conference later today .
He was first elected to the Senate in 1998 and was re-elected easily in 2004 .
National Republicans had recruited former Sen. Dan Coats to challenge Bayh in 2010 although polling suggested Bayh began the race with a 20 - point edge .
He also had $ 13 million in the bank at the end of the year .
Unfortunately , while Bayh is no great shakes from a progressive -- or even solidly Democratic point of view , his Republican opponents are far worse .
So , thanks , Bayh , for setting up the Dems for an even more difficult future getting anything through the Senate .
Update :
And it gets even better .
Hotline reminds us that the deadline for filing in the race is Feb.
19 - - yes , this Friday .
Submitted by cpowell on Fri , 2010-03-26 21:53 .
5:56 p ET Friday , March 26 , 2010
Dear Friend of GATA and Gold :
Today we welcome Frank Holmes , CEO of U.S. Global Investors in San Antonio , Texas , to the ranks of tin-foil hat wearers , rent - seeking parasites , and charlatans , on account of the interview he has just given to Alex Steele of Kitco News .
First , Holmes disclosed that his friend Eric Sprott , CEO and senior portfolio manager for Sprott Asset Management in Toronto , who may own Canada 's largest collection of tin-foil hats , recently tried to buy gold from the International Monetary Fund and was refused .
Coincidentally , GATA learned this week on the best authority that a financial house far bigger than Sprott also recently tried to purchase gold from the IMF , also was refused , and was n't very happy about the refusal .
Ever since its unsatisfactory correspondence with the IMF in April 2008 GATA has maintained that the IMF has no gold at all and that the IMF 's supposed gold sales are merely bookkeeping entries between central banks enveloped in endless agitprop to scare the gold market down :
http://www.gata.org/node/6242
If you doubt this , try asking the IMF yourself : Exactly where is the IMF 's gold kept ?
In exactly what quantity in what vaults ?
What are the refineries of the bars and the bar numbers ?
Is the IMF 's supposed gold segregated from the gold reserves of its member countries or just mixed in with those reserves ?
When the IMF recently claimed to have sold gold to India , Sri Lanka , and Mauritius , did any gold leave any vault and move to another vault ?
If so , how much was moved from where to where ?
Can anyone outside the IMF even see the IMF 's supposed gold ?
Will the IMF provide public access to its gold records , or will it conceal those records just as the U.S. Federal Reserve admits concealing its gold swap agreements with foreign banks ?
Fortunately for the IMF , the financial press never goes beyond reprinting IMF press releases .
... Dispatch continues below ...
ADVERTISEMENT
Prophecy Resource Corp. Appoints Rob McEwen to Advisory Board
Prophecy Resource Corp. ( TSX.V : PCY , OTC : PCYRF ) is pleased to announce the appointment of Rob McEwen to the company 's Advisory Board .
McEwen is a leading Canadian mining industry entrepreneur .
He is the chairman and CEO of U.S. Gold Corp. and Minera Andes Inc. McEwen was the founder and former chairman and CEO of Goldcorp Inc. , whose Red Lake Mine in northwestern Ontario , Canada , is considered to be the richest gold mine in the world .
During his tenure at Goldcorp , McEwen transformed the company from a collection of small companies into a mining powerhouse , growing its market capitalization from $ 50 million to approximately $ 8 billion .
For Prophecy Resource Corp.'s complete statement :
http://www.prophecyresource.com/news_2010_mar11b.php
In addition , Holmes told Kitco News that the gold market is manipulated by central banks .
He remarked : " There 's a lot of manipulation done by governments around the world in the currency markets , which affect the bond markets .
It 's the normal course because gold is the ultimate money .
They 're going to do what 's in their best interest . "
You can hear Holmes ' interview with Kitco News at the link below .
It carries a series of videos .
The interview with Holmes is activated by clicking on the gold bar image in the series of images at the right side of the page .
http://www.kitco.com/Exclusive-News/
Congratulations to Kitco on its appointment of a news editor --
http://www.kitco.com/pr/2455/article_03052010131758.pdf
-- and on Kitco 's seeming new enthusiasm about its own product .
Zero Hedge quickly has commented on the Kitco News inteview with Holmes here :
http://www.zerohedge.com/article/imf-now-rejecting-prospective-buyers-it...
CHRIS POWELL , Secretary / Treasurer
Gold Anti-Trust Action Committee Inc .
* * *
Support GATA by purchasing a colorful GATA T - shirt :
http://gata.org/tshirts
Or a colorful poster of GATA 's full - page ad in The Wall Street Journal on January 31 , 2009 :
http://gata.org/node/wallstreetjournal
Or a video disc of GATA 's 2005 Gold Rush 21 conference in the Yukon :
http://www.goldrush21.com/
* * *
Help keep GATA going
GATA is a civil rights and educational organization based in the United States and tax - exempt under the U.S. Internal Revenue Code .
Its e-mail dispatches are free , and you can subscribe at :
http://www.gata.org
To contribute to GATA , please visit :
http://www.gata.org/node/16
Among the many groups that opposed Barack Obama 's presidential race , few were more certain or vehement than gun rights organizations .
" Barack Obama would be the most anti-gun president in American history , " the National Rifle Association announced .
" Obama is a committed anti-gunner , " warned Gun Owners of America .
So it 's no stunner that after a year in office , the president is getting hammered by people who have no use for his policy on firearms .
The surprise is that the people attacking him are those who favor gun control , not those who oppose it .
Obama 's record on this issue has been largely overlooked — except by the Brady Center to Prevent Gun Violence , which recently issued a report card flunking him on all seven issues it deems important .
Said President Paul Helmke , " If I had been told , in the days before Barack Obama 's inauguration , that his record on gun violence prevention would be this poor , I would not have believed it . "
Had he listened to the candidate in 2008 , he would have believed .
At a September campaign rally in rural Virginia , Obama declared unequivocally , " I believe in the Second Amendment .
I believe in people 's lawful right to bear arms .
I will not take your shotgun away .
I will not take your rifle away .
I wo n't take your handgun away . …
There are some common - sense gun safety laws that I believe in .
But I am not going to take your guns away . "
The Brady Center must have hoped he was being less than honest .
And he was :
He had no intention of pushing those " common - sense " laws he had previously favored .
On the list of issues for which Obama is willing to put himself on the line , gun control ranks somewhere below free trade with Uzbekistan .
So he has proposed nothing in the way of new federal restrictions on firearms .
Even the " assault weapons " ban signed by President Clinton — and allowed to expire in 2004 — has no visible place on his agenda .
Not only that , he 's approved changes that should gladden the hearts of gun-rights supporters , a group that includes me .
He signed a law permitting guns to be taken into national parks .
He signed another allowing guns as checked baggage on Amtrak .
He acted to preserve an existing law limiting the use of government information on firearms it has traced .
Still , the NRA is not rushing to recant .
A spokesman admits the president has signed some provisions it favors , but notes that they were attached to legislation he wanted , making them hard to veto .
Says Andrew Arulanandam , " He has disappointed us with his appointments , " particularly Atty .
Gen. Eric Holder and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , neither a darling of the shooting set .
But those are petty matters given Obama 's overall refusal to do anything to advance gun control .
On this issue , he took such a strong , clear position during the campaign that he has no room to maneuver .
That was not accidental .
It was deliberate — the equivalent of burning his ships to eliminate the option of retreat .
In terms of actual policy , rather than his previous record , Obama is a long way from being anti-gun .
This is not because he has fond memories of sitting in a deer stand as a lad in Hawaii or of talking shotguns with Dick Cheney .
It 's because his mother did n't raise a fool .
Like some other Democrats , he may recall that in 1994 , after banning " assault weapons , " they lost the House for the first time in 40 years .
Obama knows that anyone who staunchly favors banning guns wo n't vote Republican no matter what .
But some independents who are protective of their weapons may vote Democratic if that issue is off the table .
Off the table is exactly where he intends to keep it .
Last year , 65 House Democrats wrote Holder vowing to " actively oppose " any effort to restore the assault weapons ban .
The president has enough trouble getting legislation that enjoys overwhelming support in his party .
He is not about to pick a fight with centrist Democrats over gun control .
Opponents of gun control should not rely on Obama 's innermost sentiments on the subject .
He obviously does n't cherish the right to keep and bear arms .
But for those who favor Second Amendment rights , here 's the nice thing about having such a canny politician in the White House :
He does n't have to .
COPYRIGHT 2010 CREATORS.COM
The CUDA Zone Showcase highlights GPU computing applications from around the world .
Search by app type or organization type .
Submit your own apps and research for others to see .
Remember this ?
Michele Bachmann : Census Data Was Used to Put Japanese in Internment Camps
Bachmann :
Take this into consideration .
If we look at American history , between 1942 and 1947 , the data that was collected by the census bureau was handed over to the FBI and other organizations , at the request of President Roosevelt , and that ’s how the Japanese were rounded up and put into the internment camps .
I ’m not saying that ’s what the Administration is planning to do .
But I am saying that private , personal information that was given to the census bureau in the 1940s was used against Americans to round them up and put the Japanese in internment camps .
It 's hard to keep up with republican hypocrisy , but it was n't long ago that she said she was not going to fill out her own census form on Glen Beck 's show and other FOX news programs yet suddenly she votes to pass the census legislation .
Rep. Michele Bachmann ( R - Minn. ) , who last year said she was not going to fill out her census form , intends to vote for a measure this week that encourages Americans to participate in the 2010 census .
According to an aide in Bachmann ’s office , the North Star State lawmaker intends to vote for a “ census awareness ” measure on Wednesday .
The resolution , offered by Rep. Silvestre Reyes ( D - Texas ) , implores “ individuals across the United States to participate in the 2010 census to ensure an accurate and complete count beginning April 1 , 2010 , and expressing support for designation of March 2010 as Census Awareness Month , ” according to a description of the measure .
Michele , Michele , Michele .
OK , we progressives are not happy about how the Democratic Party has been running things since they took over , but do we really want MB and the rest of the kooks in the GOP to be the heads of committees in Congress ?
David Neiwert :
Namely , that the Census was an overly intrusive act by Big Brother to pry into Americans ' private lives , etc. etc. , as she waved a long , detailed survey she claimed she had an advance copy of .
She again charged that Census data was used to round up Japanese Americans during World War II .
Beck , of course , ate it up , and urged his audience to join Bachmann in her crusade .
Except , of course , that everything Bachmann said was untrustworthy : wildly inaccurate , grossly distorted , and downright mendacious -- not to mention completely nutty .
UPDATE : Think Progress has more :
WASHINGTON - A steady number of personnel are being discharged from the US military for being gay , according to the latest Pentagon statistics , which show 619 troops were kicked out last year under the controversial " do n't ask , do n't tell " policy that bars homosexuals from serving openly in the ranks .
The figures , which are on par with the previous four years , sparked new criticism from gay - rights advocates , who have grown frustrated with President Obama 's unwillingness so far to take steps to lift the ban , despite a campaign pledge to do so .
" The numbers continue to make the case for the repeal of the statute , " said Aubrey Sarvis , executive director of the Servicemembers Legal Defense Network , a group leading the fight to change the law .
" This will help make the case to the president and Congress that they need to proceed with urgency . "
Of the discharges for the fiscal year that ended Sept. 30 , 410 were men and 209 were women , according to the figures obtained by the Globe from Pentagon personnel officials .
That compares with a total of 627 discharges in fiscal year 2007 ; 612 in 2006 ; 726 in 2005 ; and 653 in 2004 .
The new statistics come to light as the president faces growing calls to use his executive powers to place a moratorium on the discharges while he lobbies Congress to overturn the 1993 law , enacted as a compromise after then - President Bill Clinton set off a mutiny when he tried to allow gays to serve openly in uniform .
In recent weeks , White House officials have declared that the president still intends to follow through on his campaign promise , but will not intervene on current cases while the policy remains in place .
At the same time , other administration officials have suggested a go - slow approach to ensure gays can be fully integrated with as little disruption as possible .
Secretary of Defense Robert M. Gates recently likened overturning the ban to integrating blacks into the military , a process that took five years .
The cautious view was also expressed by Army General David Petraeus , who oversees the ongoing wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , when he told a questioner at Kansas State University last month that " I 'm not sure we want to add something else to our plate right now . "
Yesterday , Pentagon spokesman Geoff Morrell told reporters that only initial discussions about the policy have taken place and that there is no expectation of when it might be changed .
But opponents of the current policy say that while they believe the military and the nation are ready to accept gays in the military , the longer the White House and Congress wait the more opposition will build .
They cite a recent letter sent to the president by 1,000 retired admirals and generals organized by the conservative Center for Military Readiness that urged him to maintain the ban or risk severely damaging troop morale .
" We feel an urgency and are desperately trying to convey that to the White House , " said Sarvis , of the Servicemembers Legal Defense Network .
Based on its own sources in the military , Sarvis 's group believes that the discharges have continued apace since Obama took office , estimating that as many as 200 have been kicked out since January .
Those numbers could not be verified .
He also said that the number of known discharges does not fully reflect the impact of the policy , which he said also drives hundreds - perhaps thousands - more to leave the military voluntarily .
Other leading gay - rights advocates expressed disappointment with the new administration 's approach to the issue .
" It is the one area where the federal government is blatantly engaging in discriminatory conduct , " said Richard Socarides , a lawyer who advised Clinton on gay issues .
" For [ Obama ] to now be completely silent on this at best - and at worst have Gates equivocating - is very troubling to a lot of people . "
Legislation to lift the ban has been proposed in the House - where Democrats enjoy a large majority - but there remain doubts that the Senate would go along .
Senator Edward M. Kennedy , a Massachusetts Democrat , has sought unsuccessfully for months to find a Republican cosponsor for the bill , a step considered crucial to garnering enough votes to change the law .
Until then , the Pentagon maintains it must follow the law .
" This law requires the Department of Defense to separate from the armed forces members who engage in or attempt to engage in homosexual acts ; state they are homosexual or bisexual ; or marry or attempt to marry a person of the same biological sex , " said Cynthia Smith a department spokeswoman .
More than 13,000 troops have been discharged for being gay since 1993 .
© Copyright 2009 Globe Newspaper Company .
#nocomments y
In recent versions PulseAudio integrates the numerous mixer elements ALSA exposes into one single powerful slider which tries to make the best of the granularity and range of the hardware and extends that in software so that we can provide an equally powerful slider on all systems .
That means if your hardware only supports a limited volume range ( many integrated USB speakers for example cannot be completely muted with the hardware volume slider ) , limited granularity ( some hardware sliders only have 8 steps or so ) , or no per-channel volumes ( many sound cards have a single slider that covers all channels ) , then PulseAudio tries its best to make use of the next hardware volume slider in the pipeline to compensate for that , and so on , finally falling back to software for everything that can not be done in hardware .
This is explained in more detail here .
Now this algorithm depends on that we know the actual attenuation factors ( factors like that are usually written in units of dB which is why I will call this the " dB data " from now on ) of the hardware volume controls .
Thankfully ALSA includes that information in its driver interfaces .
However for some hardware this data is not reliable .
For example , one of my own cards ( a Terratec Aureon 5.1 MkII USB ) contains invalid dB data in its USB descriptor and ALSA passes that on to PulseAudio .
The effect of that is that the PulseAudio volume control behaves very weirdly for this card , in a way that the volume " jumps " and changes in unexpected ways ( or does n't change at all in some ranges ! ) when you slowly move the slider , or that the volume is completely muted over large ranges of the slider where it should not be .
Also this breaks the flat volume logic in PulseAudo , to the result that playing one stream ( let 's say a music stream ) and then adding a second one ( let 's say an event sound ) might incorrectly attenuate the first one ( i.e. whenever you play an event sound the music changes in volume ) .
Incorrect dB data is not a new problem .
However PulseAudio is the first application that actually depends on the correctness of this data .
Previously the dB info was shown as auxiliary information in some volume controls , and only noticed and understood by very few , technical people .
It was not used for further calculations .
Now , the reasons I am writing this blog posting are firstly to inform you about this type of bug and the results it has on the logic PulseAudio implements , and secondly ( and more importantly ) to point you to this little Wiki page I wrote that explains how to verify if this is indeed a problem on your card ( in case you are experiencing any of the symptoms mentioned above ) and secondly what to do to improve the situation , and how to get correct dB data that can be included as quirk in your driver .
Thank you for your attention .
LOS ANGELES ( Reuters ) - Comedian Cheech Marin , one - half of the most famous pot-smoking duo of the 1970s , lent his celebrity to a medical marijuana convention that opens on Friday in Los Angeles , and used the occasion to plug a new movie .
The documentary of Marin ’s reunion last year with his longtime partner , Tommy Chong , for their first tour in over 25 years , is set for release by the Weinstein Co. in theaters , on DVD and video - on - demand on April 20 , a studio spokesman said .
The release date , 4/20 , corresponds not so coincidentally to the numerical code widely recognized within the cannabis subculture as a symbol for all things marijuana .
Posters for the “ Light Up America ” movie bear the tagline : “ Their first joint venture in 25 years . ”
Marin , 63 , appeared at the L.A. Convention Center on Thursday for a news conference promoting HempCon 2010 , a three - day conference touted by organizers as the first such gathering devoted to the medical marijuana industry .
Organizers said at least 40,000 tickets to the event have been sold , about double the advance sales for the 30th anniversary “ Star Wars ” convention in Los Angeles in 2007 .
Marin said he supports “ across - the - board ” legalization of pot with restrictions similar to those for alcohol .
“ It ’s a movement whose time has come .
It ’s inevitable , ” he said .
“ Society since the Bible has needed a socially acceptable intoxicant , and here it is .
This has been our drug of choice .
It ’s ... much healthier , has more benefits than alcohol . ”
Chong , 71 , did not make it to the news conference , though he had been expected to attend .
Marin said he was absent due to a death in the family .
The two performers became one of the most successful comedy teams of the 1970s with an act based on their brand of pot-influenced humor .
After their reunion , they returned to the road this year for a follow - up tour dubbed “ Get It Legal ” -- an homage to the movement for liberalization of marijuana laws .
Cannabis advocates recently collected more than enough signatures to qualify for November ’s ballot with a proposal to make California the first U.S. state to legalize possession and cultivation of pot for recreational use .
California led the nation in 1996 by approving the use of cannabis for medical purposes and enacted a law in 2003 allowing the drug to be cultivated and distributed to prescription - holding patients through nonprofit collectives .
But a public uproar was sparked in Los Angeles over the proliferation of hundreds of medical marijuana dispensaries after the Obama administration halted federal raids on the clinics last year .
Last month , the City Council voted to shut down most of the facilities .
Medical marijuana proponents have vowed to challenge the ordinance in court and to seek to overturn it with a local ballot measure later this year .
The iPhone 's iteration of Google Maps has been shown up time and time again by Google Maps Navigation on Android , but a quirk this big just has to be linked to some Skyhook database issue .
According to a new report coming from the LA area , select iPhone users in Southbay cities near Los Angeles are seeing their GPS software linked to Boulder , Colorado , and the issue has been going on for around a week now .
What 's curious is that the erroneous positioning affects other third - party iPhone GPS apps as well , and anreport notes that a " spokesperson at AT&T said the problem is with Apple . "
Pass the blame much , AT&T ?
So , have any of you LA - based iPhoners found yourself navigating to Folsom Field when trying to find your way to Rodeo Drive ?
[ Thanks , Charles ]
" It is obvious that this contest can not be decided by our knowledge of the Force , but by our skills with a lightsaber . "
“ Then I spotted them doing so myself .
I also saw them touching each other , as they were seated two to three metres away from our table .
A number of customers witnessed the scene as well . ”
Never say that nuclear warfare is good for nothing .
The dastardly criminal enterprise of counterfeiting fine wines took a major hit recently with the announcement of a new method for determining vintages that relies on atomic blasts .
Advertisement
One of the biggest problems facing the wine industry is the misrepresentation of vintages , or the years the wines were produced .
Seasonal variance plays a major role in determining the quality of wine produced in a given year ; too much or too little rain at crucial periods in the growing season can ruin the quality of the grapes , leading to low quality wines that command far smaller prices than their better counterparts .
Experts estimate as much as five percent of all fine wines sold today are actually poor quality wines sold under false vintage .
Graham Jones , a PhD at the University of Adelaide in Australia , has devised a new way to figure out the precise year a bottle of wine was produced , spelling an end to counterfeit vintages .
Much like the radiocarbon dating method that is used to date archaeological materials , this method relies on the decay of the carbon - 14 isotope , and it's all thanks to two decades of post - war atomic bomb tests .
Advertisement
Jones explains :
Until the late 1940's all carbon - 14 in the Earth 's biosphere was produced by the interaction between cosmic rays and nitrogen in the upper atmosphere .
This changed in the late 1940's up to 1963 when atmospheric atomic explosions significantly increased the amount of C - 14 in the atmosphere .
When the tests stopped in 1963 a clock was set ticking - that of the dilution of this " bomb - pulse " C - 14 by CO2 formed by the burning of fossil fuels .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
In other words , the massive amount of carbon - 14 created by these tests has since been steadily diluted by the release of carbon dioxide into the atmosphere .
The grape plants used in the wine absorbed some of the radioactive carbon through photosynthesis , preserving that year 's ratio of radioactive carbon to non-radioactive carbon .
of Since the precise carbon ratio is known for each year from the late fifties onwards , it is now possible to test the carbon content of any given wine to determine the year from which it originated .
Jones and his team say that their methods worked on a sample of twenty different Australian wines from 1958 to 1997 , accurately dating their respective vintages to the exact year .
Advertisement
[ via The American Chemical Society ]
Backstory : A couple weeks ago , I launched a site called PRManna.com , to help startups and small businesses connect with reporters and other journalists who are looking for experts and sources for stories .
The launch was well received , got picked up on ReadWriteWeb , and people have been using the site for the last couple weeks .
I was originally inspired by Peter Shankman ’s HelpAReporterOut ( HARO ) service , and I mentioned that on the about page .
However , his service was a simple mailing list , nothing more , and I thought the idea could be improved upon substantially , so I did .
Today , I got a cease - and - desist letter from Mr. Shankman ’s law firm .
It ’s basically four pages of legal bullshit , but the gist of what they ’re claiming is this :
I stole his idea ( bullshit , his service was a mailing list when I built PRManna , and there are tons of sites for this purpose )
I used his name without permission ( true , as I wanted to give credit to him for the inspiration to create something better than a simple mailing list .
Clearly a big mistake on my part . )
I “ blatantly ” copied the “ look and feel ” of the HelpAReporter.com website ( this is more of an insult to them if true , as PRManna has lame design / usability )
And as a result of the above , they ’re demanding that I :
Remove any mention of Peter Shankman , HelpAReporterOut , HARO , etc. from all my sites ( happily done , except for this blog post )
Stop using PRManna , PRManna.com , etc .
Transfer ownership of PRManna.com to Peter Shankman ’s company 🙂
I ’m still debating my options … let me know if you have any suggestions .
Let me know if you want to see the actual letter and I ’ll post a link .
I have to say , I ’m pretty disappointed that Peter decided to be such a jackass about this .
If he had bothered to write me an email , I would have gladly removed his name and never mentioned this to anyone .
Hey Peter , if you ’re reading this , I ’m not sure if you ’ve ever heard of the Streisand Effect , but if not , you might want to see if you can find an expert source who can explain it to you .
If you ’d like a place to post a request , you can check out http://PRManna.com.
UPDATE : Here ’s a link to the full content of the letter . [ PDF ]
UPDATE 2 : I just wanted to say thank you so much to all of you out there who have blogged , tweeted , and left comments with your support .
I ’ve received tons of emails and tweets from people encouraging me and asking how they can help .
I ’m so grateful to work in such a supportive industry , and if you want to help , please check out PRManna and let me know what I can do to improve it .
I really just want to create something useful that helps people do great things , and I ’d love your help .
UPDATE 3 : I ’ve also seen a few blog posts commenting on how similar the PRManna homepage is to the HARO homepage .
I personally do n’t think that ’s the case , but regardless of my opinion , what I can tell you is that the PRManna homepage was designed more than 10 months before HARO did their relaunch in early 2010 .
In fact , here ’s a screenshot that was posted publicly to Skitch on March 5th , 2009 :
http://skitch.com/ryanwaggoner/b821j/prmanna.com-home
I ’ve got plenty of other code , screenshots , and other bits of proof that I built this service a year before HARO decided to launch what they ’ve got today .
In cryogenic electron emission , at first as temperature decreases , the dark rate decreases .
But at about 220 K , the dark rate levels off , and with further cooling , it begins rising again .
Image credit : Meyer .
( PhysOrg.com ) --
At very cold temperatures , in the absence of light , a photomultiplier will spontaneously emit single electrons .
The phenomenon , which is called " cryogenic electron emission , " was first observed nearly 50 years ago .
Although scientists know of a few causes for electron emission without light ( also called the dark rate ) - including heat , an electric field , and ionizing radiation - none of these can account for cryogenic emission .
Usually , physicists consider these dark electron events undesirable , since the purpose of a photomultiplier is to detect photons by producing respective electrons as a result of the photoelectric effect .
In a recent study , Hans - Otto Meyer , a physics professor at Indiana University , has further investigated cryogenic electron emission by performing experiments that show how the electron firings are distributed in time .
His results reveal that electrons are emitted in bursts that occur randomly , although within a burst the electrons are emitted in a peculiar , correlated way .
He suggests that the correlations indicate some kind of trapping mechanism , but the unusual behavior is inconsistent with any spontaneous emission processes currently known .
At least at the moment , there seems to be no physics explanation of the observations .
“ Cryogenic emission is a physics phenomenon that defies an explanation , ” Meyer told PhysOrg.com .
“ The physics responsible for it may or may not be fundamental , only the future will tell .
Photomultipliers happen to offer the environment in which the phenomenon may be observed , but I doubt if my work will be of great significance to the users of photomultipliers . ”
In his experiments , Meyer placed a photomultiplier inside an empty container , which he then submerged in liquid nitrogen or helium .
Using radiation cooling , he cooled the photomultiplier to a temperature of 80 K ( - 193° C ) after about one day , and to 4 K ( - 269° C ) in another day .
With this setup , he could detect cryogenic dark events , which are shown to be caused by single electrons emitted from the cathode of the photomultiplier .
As previous research has shown , starting from room temperature , the dark rate decreases as temperature decreases , but only up to a point .
Below about 220 K ( - 53° C ) , the dark rate levels off .
With further cooling , it begins to rise , and continues to increase at least down to 4 K ( - 269° C ) , the lowest temperature for which Meyer has data .
Most of Meyer ’s experiments were performed at around 80 K ( - 193° C ) .
In his experiments , Meyer found that electrons are emitted in “ bursts ” - numerous electron firings that occur close together in time .
Although these bursts occur randomly , they last for different lengths of time , with their duration distribution following a power law .
Further , Meyer found that the individual firing events within a burst are highly correlated .
Specifically , within a burst , events first occur rapidly , and then less and less frequently as the burst “ fades away . ”
Electrons are emitted in bursts that last for different lengths of time , with their duration distribution following a power law .
Image credit : Meyer .
Perhaps this last observation of progressively longer intervals between firing events within a burst is the most interesting .
Meyer suggests that this peculiar distribution of events could be the result of a trapping mechanism .
If caught in a trap , an electron could either exit the trap ( to be observed as a dark event ) or it could recombine with an electron hole .
When a trap of electrons is emptied , the emission rate would be proportional to the number of electrons remaining in the trap .
This scenario could possibly explain the initial gush of events in a burst , followed by a few remainders that trickle out .
In agreement with previous observations of correlations between temperature and dark rate , the electron emission rates in Meyer ’s experiments were also affected by temperature .
As the temperature decreased , both the rate of bursts and the number of events per burst increased .
This observation that emission rate grows with decreasing temperature fits well with the trap hypothesis , in which it would be the consequence of recombination becoming less important , resulting in more electrons exiting the trap .
As Meyer notes , a process that becomes more probable with decreasing temperature , as cryogenic electron emission does , is very unusual in physics .
Among his interesting observations are that the cryogenic emission rate does not depend on whether the device is cooling or warming up , but only on the current temperature .
Overall , the properties of cryogenic electron emission do n’t fit with any other known spontaneous emission process , including thermal emission , field emission , radioactivity , or penetrating radiation such as cosmic rays .
For example , unlike the well - known thermionic and field emission processes , cryogenic emission does n’t depend on the electric field at the emitting surface .
At least for now , the phenomenon of cryogenic electron emission remains a mystery .
“ Nature at very low temperatures has a lot of surprises up her sleeve , ” Meyer said .
“ I do n't want to speculate as to what will turn out to be the explanation of cryogenic emission , but I would not be surprised if the band structure of semiconductors plays an important role . ”
He added that his next step will be investigating how universal the effect is .
“ Is there cryogenic emission from surfaces other than the cathode of a photomultiplier ? ” he asked .
“ This is the next question to be answered by an experiment .
Hopefully there also will soon be theoretical models leading to predictions that may be tested by future experiments . ”
Explore further Shining a Brighter Light
More information : H. O. Meyer .
“ Spontaneous electron emission from a cold surface . ” Europhysics Letters , 89 ( 2010 ) 58001 .
H. O. Meyer .
“ Spontaneous electron emission from a cold surface . ” , 89 ( 2010 ) 58001 .
Doi:10.1209/0295-5075/89/58001
Copyright 2010 PhysOrg.com .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed in whole or part without the express written permission of PhysOrg.com .
You know you 're not going to win .
You 're seated in second - class .
You 've trodden on someone 's dress .
Author Neil Gaiman on what it 's like to be invisible at the Oscars
There were authors grumbling about not going to the Oscars .
I heard about it from friends .
" So why are you going ? " they asked .
I had written a book called Coraline , which the director Henry Selick had transformed into a stop- motion wonderland .
I 'd helped Henry as much as I could through the process of turning something from a book into a film .
I had endorsed the film , encouraged people to see it , mugged with buttons on an internet trailer .
I had also written a 15 - second sequence for the Oscars , in which Coraline told an interviewer what winning an Oscar would do for her .
I 'd assumed that would get me into the Oscars .
It did n't .
But Henry , as director , had tickets and could decide where they would go , and one of them went to me .
My father had died on 7 March 2009 .
This year 's Oscars are on 7 March .
I expect it will be just another day , and it will not bother me at all , demonstrating that I do not know myself very well , because when the day arrives I am melancholy , and do not want to go to the Oscars .
I want to be at home , walking in the woods with my dog , and if I could simply press a button and be there without disappointing anybody , I would .
I get dressed .
A designer named Kambriel , whom I met when she had made a dress that would allow my fiancee and Jason Webley to represent conjoined twins , had offered to dress me for the Oscars , and I took her up on it .
She made me a jacket and a waistcoat , and I fancy that I look pretty good in them .
Best of all , I now have an answer to the people who ask , " What are you wearing to the Oscars ? "
And it makes Kambriel amazingly happy .
Focus Films , which distributed Coraline , is looking after me .
The night before the Oscars , they had a small reception at the Chateau Marmont for their two nominees , Coraline and A Serious Man .
The partygoers were a strange mash - up of Minneapolis Jews and animators .
Even more oddly , I was one of the Minneapolis Jews ( or almost – I wound up comparing notes with one of the other partygoers on the St Paul newspaper 's pulse - pounding exposé that I actually live an hour away from Minneapolis ) .
The best thing about the Oscars , I realised when the nominees were announced , is that Coraline wo n't win best animated picture .
Nothing but Up can win best animated picture .
A limo picks me up at 3 pm , and we drive to the Oscars .
It 's a slow drive : streets are closed off .
The last civilians we see are standing on a street corner holding placards telling me that God Hates Fags , that the recent earthquakes are God 's Special Way of Hating Fags , and that the Jews Stole something , but I can't see what , as another placard is in the way .
A block before we reach the Kodak Theatre , the car is searched , and then we 're there and I 'm tipped out on to the red carpet .
Someone pushes a ticket into my hand , to get the car back later that night .
It 's controlled chaos .
I am standing blankly , realising I have no idea what to do now , but the women look like butterflies , and there are people in the bleachers who shout as each limo draws up .
Someone says : " Neil ? "
It 's Deette , from Focus .
" I just came back from walking Henry through .
What a nice coincidence .
Would you like me to take you through ? "
I would like that very much .
She asks if I would like to walk past the cameras , and I say that I would , because my fiancee is in Australia and my daughters are watching on TV , and Kambriel will be happy to see her jacket on television .
We head down into the throng , behind someone in a beautiful dress .
It looks like a watercolour of a dream .
I have no idea who anyone is , except for Steve Carell , because he looks just like Steve Carell on television , except a tiny bit less orange .
We are scrunched together tightly as we go through metal detectors , and the beautiful watercolour dress is trodden on , and the lady wearing it is very gracious about this .
I ask Deette who 's inside the dress , and she tells me it 's Rachel McAdams .
I want to say hello – Rachel 's said nice things about me in interviews – but she 's working right now .
I 'm not .
No one wants to take my photo , or , Deette discovers , to interview me .
I 'm invisible .
At the bend in the red carpet we pause .
I look down at Rachel McAdams 's watercolour dress and wonder if I can see a footprint .
Cameras flash , but not at me .
And we 're into the Kodak Theatre .
Someone else introduces me to the editor of Variety .
I realise my facial recognition skills do not work when people are in tuxedos .
( Except for James Cameron , whom I have now only ever seen in a tuxedo and would not recognise wearing anything else . )
I tell this to the editor of Variety .
He points to a man with a tan and a huge grin , tells me it's the mayor of Los Angeles .
" He comes to all these things , " he says .
" Why is n't he behind his desk , working ? "
" Er. Because this is the biggest day in Hollywood 's year ? " I venture .
" And it 's Sunday ? "
" Well .
Yes .
But he still comes out for the opening of a drinks cabinet . "
I had been to the Golden Globes six weeks earlier and discovered that the commercial breaks in award shows are spent in a strange form of en masse Hollywood speed - dating as people shuttle around the room trying to find friends or make deals , and assume that tonight will be much the same .
The Kodak Theatre has a ground floor and , above that , three mezzanines .
My ticket is for the first mezzanine .
I head , sheep - like , up the stairs .
There is a crush to get in , as a disembodied voice tells us urgently that the Academy awards will start in five minutes .
I stare at the woman in front of me .
She has blond hair and a face that 's strangely fish - like , a scary - sweet plastic - surgery face .
She has old hands and a small , wrinkled , husband who looks much older than her .
I wonder if they started out the same age .
And we 're in , with no time to spare .
The lights go down , and Neil Patrick Harris sings a special Oscars song .
It does not seem to have a tune .
Several people on Twitter who are n't sure which Neil is which congratulate me on it .
And now our hosts : Steve Martin and Alec Baldwin .
They come out , they make jokes .
From the first mezzanine , the timing is off , the jokes are awkward , the delivery is wooden .
But it does n't feel as if they 're playing to us .
I wonder if it works on television , and send the question out on Twitter .
A few hundred people tell me it 's just as bad on TV , 20 tell me they 're enjoying it .
I decide this is what Twitter is for : keeping you company when you 're all alone on the mezzanine .
Best animated movie is the second category of the night .
My 15 seconds of Coraline talking to the camera goes by fast .
There , I think .
The largest audience that my words will ever have .
Up wins .
The Oscars continue .
In the audience , we can not see what they are seeing on television at home .
Somewhere below me George Clooney is grimacing at the camera , but I do not know .
Tina Fey and Robert Downey
Jr present the best screenplay award , and are funny .
I wonder if they wrote their own bit .
During the commercials , the lights go down , and they play music to mingle by .
Roxanne does not have to put on the red light .
I head for the first mezzanine bar .
I 'm hungry and want to kill some time .
I drink whiskey .
I order a chocolate brownie that turns out to be about as big as my head and the sweetest thing I 've ever put in my mouth .
I share it .
People are wandering up and down the stairs .
Whiskey and sugar careening through my system , I defy the orders on my ticket not to photograph anything , and I tweet a picture of the bar menu .
My fiancee is sending me messages on Twitter urging me to photograph the inside of the women 's toilet , something she did during the Golden Globes , but even in my sugar - addled state , that seems a potentially disastrous idea .
Still , I think , I should head downstairs and , in the next commercial break , say hello to Henry Selick .
I walk over to the stairs .
A nice young man in a suit asks me for my ticket .
I show it to him .
He explains that , as a resident of the first mezzanine , I am not permitted to walk downstairs and potentially bother the A - list .
I am outraged .
I am not actually outraged , but I am a bit bored , and I have friends downstairs .
I decide that I will persuade the inhabitants of the mezzanines to rise up as one and to storm the stairs , like in Titanic .
They might shoot a few of us , I decide , but they can not stop us all .
We can be free ; we can drink in the downstairs bar ; we can mingle with Harvey Weinstein .
Someone tells me on Twitter that nobody 's checking the elevators .
I suspect that might be a trap , and head back to my seat .
I have missed the tribute to horror movies .
Rachel McAdams presents an award in her beautiful , oh - so - treadonable dress .
For the best actor and actress awards , a tableau of people who have worked with the nominees tell us how wonderful they are .
I wonder if it works on TV .
On the stage in front of us , it is painfully clumsy .
People below us are milling and chatting and schmoozing more with every commercial break .
There is an edge of panic to the disembodied announcer 's voice as she orders them back to their seats .
The man in the bar who reminded me of Sean Penn turns out to have been Sean Penn .
Jeff Bridges 's standing ovation reaches all the way to the top mezzanine .
Sandra Bullock 's standing ovation only reaches the front rows of our level and stops there .
Kathryn Bigelow 's standing ovation covers the entire hall except , for some reason , the top right of the first mezzanine , where I am sitting , where we remain sitting and clap politely .
It all seems to be building up to a climax , and then Tom Hanks walks out on to the stage and tells us , with no build - up ( if you exclude months of For Your Consideration campaigning ) that oh , by the way , The Hurt Locker won best picture and goodnight .
And we 're out .
Up two escalators to the governors ' ball .
I sit and chat to Michael Sheen , who brought his 11 - year - old daughter , Lily , about the sushi dinner we had two days before , interrupted and ended by a police raid .
We still have no idea why .
( Next morning , it will be a front - page story in the New York Times .
They were serving illicit whale meat . )
I see Henry Selick .
He seems relieved that awards season is over , and that he can get on with his life .
I feel as if I 've sleepwalked invisibly through one of the most melancholy days of my life .
There are glamorous parties that evening , but I do n't go to any of them , preferring to sit in a hotel lobby with good friends .
We talk about the Oscars .
The next morning the back page of the Los Angeles Times Oscar supplement is a huge panoramic photograph of the people on the red carpet .
Somewhat to my surprise , I see myself standing front and centre , staring down at Rachel McAdams 's beautiful watercolour dress , inspecting it for footprints .
Some myths got slain last night in Washington DC .
For one thing , the Democratic party rediscovered its vertebrae and used it , for a change , to pass healthcare reform .
For another , the myth that the US political structure is broken and cannot digest fundamental issues … well , it took a dent .
Minutes after the final passage of the bills through the House of Representatives , President Obama got on with selling the reforms to the American public , going live on television despite the late hour .
" This is what change looks like , " Obama said , minutes before midnight , tying together his election promises of change with his commitments to reforming healthcare .
" We proved that this government of the people and by the people still works for the people . "
Obama looked exhausted , having spent the weekend winning over House Democrats .
Bismark 's epigram equating the messy business of passing legislation and making sausages has been repeated so often during Congress 's healthcare debate that US cable news viewers on Sunday night might have expected to see meat - grinders operating in Congress .
But if there was any blood on the floor during the closing moments of the vote on healthcare reform , it came from the Republican party , whose members looked dangerously close to opening their own veins .
There was John Boehner , the most senior House Republican , giving a splenetic harangue punctuated with " Hell no ! " , in place of summing up his party 's case .
Then there was the mystery Republican congressman who shouted " baby killer " at Democrat Bart Stupak when Stupak swatted away a Republican procedural amendment aimed at killing the bill .
Stupak was a vital figure yesterday .
It was his last - minute deal with Obama that led his bloc of conservative , anti-abortion Democrats to vote for the bill .
That was why the Democratic leadership looked relaxed as the final vote approached .
Shortly after 10.45 pm , the floor of the House erupted into cheers as the 216th " yea " vote , the crucial casting one , sent healthcare reform onto the statute books and into the history books .
Nancy Pelosi , the speaker , had consistently predicted that she would have the votes when it came down to it .
Once again , Pelosi delivered , proving herself to be the best Democratic parliamentary manager since Sam Rayburn .
At this rate they 'll have to name a building after her .
But since nothing is ever perfect in Washington , there 's always room for criticism .
They call it " Monday morning quarterbacking " in America – using the benefit of hindsight to sound insightful about the tactics that a team should have used .
It 's Monday morning and there will be plenty of quarterbacking going on over the healthcare reform vote last night , most of it fruitless .
The key fact from last night 's vote is not what the margin was or the procedure used .
The fact that it happened at all that was the real miracle .
" Tonight at a time when the pundits said it was no longer possible , we rose above the weight of politics , " Obama said in his late - night post - vote address .
A few weeks ago , the prospects for healthcare reform looked dead , after the Republicans appeared to be riding a backlash that won it the jewel of Ted Kennedy 's old Senate seat .
But two and a half months later and here we are : picking over a Democratic victory that remakes the US healthcare system .
Let 's not forget that this process formally began a year ago .
In that time Barack Obama expended an unusually high amount of political capital in backing the legislation – more than Bill Clinton expended in his hand - wringing attempt to overhaul healthcare , and far more than George Bush in his ham - fisted attempt to remake social security .
Obama has now surpassed them both in constructing domestic policy .
Some argued that Obama should n't have attempted to reform healthcare in his first term , that he should have consolidated his power and that of the Democrats before moving .
That such a view can pass for conventional wisdom in Washington tells you more about Washington and what counts as " wisdom " there .
In fact , American presidents get one slender window of opportunity in the wake of their election to carry major legislation .
If they do n't take it when it 's open , it will close forever .
Again , just ask Clinton or Bush ( either Bush ) .
Any delay on Obama 's part would have been fatal to reforming healthcare and probably his presidency .
The bear - wrestling that the world has just witnessed is confirmation .
The grim state of the US economy would have inevitably told against the Democrats in the 2010 midterm elections .
Emboldened , the Republicans would have become more hostile ( if that were possible ) not less , and better able to block any legislation .
And anyone who thinks Obama 's chances of re-election in 2012 would have been improved by putting off any attempt to reform healthcare in his first term – after campaigning so hard on the policy in 2008 – should n't be allowed near any campaign management roles .
The truth is that Obama did delay reform , because of the pressing issues of the stimulus bill and bail - outs , not to mention the two wars America is fighting .
His real mistake was in moving too slowly .
But even then he was hampered by the wait to confirm Al Franken 's Senate election in Minnesota .
The Democrat 's filibuster - proof Senate majority only arrived with Franken in mid-July last year .
And it only lasted until January and Scott Brown 's election in Massachusetts .
So the window Obama had was a mere six months long .
And as we now know , he took it .
Still , Washington being Washington , there is a winner so there must be a loser – and the conventional wisdom will briefly anoint the Republican party as the losers last night .
That would be just as wrong .
The Republicans have actually done a remarkable job resurrecting themselves from political purgatory .
( The Republican nadir was April last year , when Arlen Specter abandoned it . )
They have rallied their party around dead - eyed opposition .
Had Obama managed to pick off a few Republicans to support healthcare reform , the party could have descended into civil war .
This way at least the internal peace holds , and the GOP approaches the 2010 midterms in good health .
Or so it thinks .
Now what ?
That depends on the state of the economy .
Healthcare reform is now officially yesterday 's news .
Download the Panda3D SDK
The latest and most stable release of the Panda3D SDK is 1.10.7 , which released on September 17 , 2020 .
This is the recommended version for production use .
SDK 1.10.7 Get the Latest SDK
Laura Seddon thought she was doing everything right to save electricity and reduce her costs .
She made sure all the lights in her Scarborough home had energy - efficient compact fluorescent bulbs .
She bought an energy - efficient gas drier .
And when she was switched to time - of - use pricing — in which customers are charged higher rates for using power during peak periods — she shifted almost 60 per cent of her consumption to the lowest - price periods of the week .
Yet she ’s now paying an average of 6.2 cents a kilowatt hour for electricity , while a year ago she paid 5.6 cents .
( The price refers only to the “ electricity ” line of the bill .
Delivery , regulatory and debt retirement charges are also added to make up the total price , but they do n’t vary by the time of day . )
With most Toronto householder now on time of use rates , many are getting their first or second bills under the new system , and comparing the prices .
Some , like Seddon , are unhappy .
“ I do n’t like this new system , ” she said .
“ It ’s been promoted as if people are going to be rewarded for making an effort .
But making an effort does not have any rewards . ”
Ontario Energy Minister Brad Duguid said the main objective of time - of - use pricing is not to save consumers money , although some will achieve “ modest ” savings .
“ But more important — and this is what the goal is — their time of use has shifted , ” Duguid said in an interview .
The idea is to encourage consumers to use less power at peak times , when the power grid is under strain .
Excessive demand can cause power failures .
High demand at peak times also forces power companies to build expensive generators that may run for only a few hours a day , a few months a year .
The money to pay for those plants has to be built into the over - all price of power .
“ Shifting time of use is a very effective and efficient way to save overall on our energy costs , ” said Duguid .
“ This is probably one of the most cost - effective ways ... to keep our prices moderate , and our future building needs less than they otherwise would have been . ”
The savings in Seddon ’s three - person household — herself , her husband and son — are modest .
She cut her consumption of electricity by 13 per cent compared with the same period a year ago .
Fifty - nine per cent of her usage is at the lowest rate ; only 24 per cent at the peak rate .
Yet her bill dropped only 4 per cent .
Here ’s how the numbers worked :
A year ago , she used 1,569.9 kilowatt hours in the billing period ending in early March , and paid 5.6 cents a kilowatt hour for a total of $ 87.91 .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
This year , she used 1,363.6 kilowatt hours during the same period .
For 59 per cent of it , used at off - peak time , she paid 4.4 cents a kilowatt hour .
For 17.6 per cent , she paid 8 cents a kilowatt hour .
And for the remainder , at peak time — about 24 per cent of her total consumption — she paid 9.3 cents a kilowatt hour .
The total : $ 84.38 .
It works out to an average of 6.2 cents a kilowatt hour this year — or 10.7 per cent more per kilowatt than the rate she ’d paid a year ago .
What irked her was a brochure she got with her bill stating : “ Time - of - Use pricing rewards you for using electricity during low - demand periods whenever possible . ”
Seddon does n’t see it that way .
“ A 10 per cent increase is not a reward , ” she said .
“ It ’s another money grab .
I ’d rather they just said : ‘ We ’re hiking rates , ’ and not : ‘ If you ’re an ecologically responsible person we ’re going to reward you . ’
They ’re not . ”
“ To keep your bill at the same level , you have to use extreme measures . ”
But Duguid said pilot projects in several Ontario communities show that the new pricing system does achieve the objective of lowering peak use : “ It appears to be working really well . ”
“ It ’s creating awareness — the fact that we ’re using energy and there ’s a cost to that , ” he said .
“ Number two , it is shifting time of use , which is a very effective and efficient way to save overall on our energy costs . ”
In Toronto , with 580,000 residential customers , 460,000 are now on time - of - use rates , according to Toronto Hydro .
Although some consumers like Seddon who have pored over their bills are unhappy with the new system , Toronto Hydro says it has n’t seen an increase in complaints as time - of - use bills flow out .
Customers who do n’t want to pay time of use rates can escape them by signing a contract with an energy retailer at a fixed price .
Tere Gade 's Chicken in White Wine Dijon Sauce
" The foundation for this recipe probably originated at my mother - in - law Mary 's table ( as many of our meals do ) , where many an herb has awakened our palates and imagination .
My husband Chris and I adopted this recipe and tweaked it to our tastes , and it's now had enough play at our table that we call it our own ( as only family can do ) .
We like to think it reflects the evolution of our culinary curiosity , past Mary 's inspiring table , our love of fresh herbs , and our need for fast and simple .
Have we strayed far afield or fallen next to the tree ?
Only Mary will know for sure . "
Kotaku
Dear Videogame Industry , Hey , it 's Mike Drucker again .
Last time I wrote you , I was six years old and my house was robbed and I asked if you could send me free copies of all the NES games I lost .
You never wrote back .
It 's okay ; I emulate them now .
This time I 've got a different favor to ask .
You see , I 've been playing videogames for my entire life .
Some of my fondest childhood memories involve sitting in front of my television for hours experiencing stories so vast that even Nintendo missed some of the sex stuff .
But recently , I 've noticed a growing problem in my favorite hobby .
I own three consoles , two handhelds , an iPhone , and a PC .
But , unlike anytime in the past , every current platform has multiple amazing titles worth playing to completion .
And you 're releasing too goddamn many of them .
There are too many good games being released every week for me to keep up .
Every day , GameSpy releases videos of a new game that I 'm going to have to buy because it builds on a foundation of nostalgia that only videogame developers know how to exploit .
I know , I know : " You do n't have to buygame that comes out , " you 're saying after taking the cigar out of your mouth .
Stop it .
Of course I 'm not going to buy every shovelware horse - mating simulator and mini - game collection .
But that 's not because I 'm a good person , that 's because I hate shovelware .
If all videogames were released by shovelware developers , !
That 's like saying if all the porn was made by my grandma , I 'd be capable of sustaining real relationships .
It 's not and Every Tuesday , a dozen new role - playing epics and cinematic shooters and thousand - year - spanning strategy games are released .
All of them are billed as the most important experience of my life by every videogame site I read .
All of them are covered in the New York Times as a cultural event .
All of them feature mind - blowing graphics and genre - bending gameplay with celebrity voice - acting and Pulitzer - worthy writing .
And here 's what 's really crazy :
It 's all true .
Videogame Industry , you 're literally releasing too many good games .
When I was a kid , not only were there less games , but there were lessgames .
Boogerman was one of the 10 best games of 1994 ..
You know , the game with the superhero who shoots ?
Top 10 .
With a bullet .
To look at it from another angle , .
If you told me that 15 years ago I would 've drank , because weeping is so much less subtle .
Let me ask a question : has anyone actually beaten Dragon Age : Origins ?
I can't really tell .
Every time I try to bring it up with another gamer , they start talking about Mass Effect 2 , and when I bring up that I still did n't finish Mass Effect 1 , they start talking about Heavy Rain .
And thenhave to Google Heavy Rain , because I thought it was the game about the guy with writer 's block , but it turns outgame is Alan Wake .
You 're releasing too many great games and Ikeep up .
" But movie studios release tons of movies every year and people never complain , " you say .
The President 's budget has spelled out $ 3.8 trillion in spending for fiscal year 2011 .
Getting to that sort of number takes bureaucracy on a grand scale , and with all the government departments there is plenty of opportunity for such spending .
Take a look at our break down of spending by department and some of the biggest projects each has in our line by line rundown .
There ’s no easy way to put this …
Linux community , I have failed you .
Remember that out - of - office post I wrote a while back , the one where I was getting some free home repair from a buddy in exchange for installing Linux on his laptop ?
Sweet deal , I know — unfortunately it ’s gone sour .
It ’s become increasingly apparent that this otherwise upstanding member of society is simply not a candidate for Linux .
And he ’s not alone .
He would argue that he ’s not naturally curious about technology and just needs to get things done , but I ’d go a step further and condemn him to what I suspect is a vast majority of computer users who are technology - averse .
And I put the blame squarely on Windows .
I have n’t used it a lot , but I ’ve enough of an experience with it to know I do n’t like it .
I did run Windows on a cheap laptop a few years back and more recently had to endure Windows 7 on Nokia ’s Booklet 3G until I could get the thing to dual - boot .
What best sums up my feelings about Microsoft ’s OS is this quote regarding a pre-OTA Nokia firmware update :
Through all of this Windows did a fantastic job of constantly reminding me that it was running the show , and that I should be grateful that anything worked at all …
I fully understand and even grudgingly respect that there are high - level Windows users out there , tweaking their Registries or programming in Visual Basic .
And I salute the vast armies of white collar workers who must endure Windows at the office because they ’ve no other choice .
But those same people who choose Windows for their home computers simply for the sake of familiarity , or the poor unknowing souls who walk into Best Buy looking for the cheapest machine that can get on the Internet , they are the truly damned — damned to an eternal hell of warnings and pop-ups that dismiss any foolish notion that they ever had any idea what they were doing .
With this in mind , I can see how such users would rather stick with the devil they know .
In the case of my friend , the final straw for him and Linux was that he did n’t recognize some of the fonts in OpenOffice .
I know , I feel the same way …
Housing prices have stabilized and are actually slightly increasing in some areas .
The tax breaks passed by Congress have encouraged more first - time home buyers to get into the market .
So is the U.S. housing crisis over ?
Will the real estate market be back to normal in no time ?
Well , if you listen to many of the talking heads on the news channels , you might be tempted to think that the worst of the housing crisis is behind us and that we are headed towards recovery .
But that is not what is happening .
The truth is that we are just now getting ready for round 2 of the real estate nightmare .
Where is the evidence to back that assertion up ?
Well , just consider the chart below .
The delinquency rate on U.S. residential mortgages continues to explode at an exponential rate ….
Please note that the rate of mortgage delinquencies is now much , much higher than it was when the housing market was crashing so hard in 2007 and 2008 .
More people than ever are falling seriously behind on their mortgages , and that means that more homes than ever are in danger of being foreclosed .
Now it is true that there are some signs that the rate of serious mortgage delinquencies is starting to stabilize , but the reality is that we will experience only a momentary pause .
Why ?
A massive second wave of adjustable rate mortgages is scheduled to reset beginning this year , and if it goes anything like the “ first wave ” did , the results could be absolutely catastrophic for the U.S. economy .
Just check out the chart below … .
This coming second wave could result in another huge mountain of foreclosures being forced on to the market .
So is the housing crisis over ?
No .
Not even close .
Unless something really dramatic happens , the U.S. housing market is going to experience pain so intense that it is hard to even imagine .
Millions more Americans could lose their homes and scores of banks could end up being shut down .
Let ’s hope that things end up being not quite as bad as it looks like they could be .
But you know what they say : “ Hope for the best but prepare for the worst ” .
Hello Alan .
How are you ?
Good .
Fine thanks .
Say , who do you think will win the World Cup this summer ?
Think and hope are two different things .
I hope England can win it obviously .
If they keep Wayne Rooney fit they 'll have a very good chance but I think my favourites for the tournament will be Spain .
Should Fabio Capello take David Beckham ?
I would take him for his experience , I think he has something to offer .
Certainly not in the starting 11 to begin with , but for experience , for someone who can go on and help England win a game , or save a game , I would take him .
Which strikers should go ?
It depends whether he takes four or five strikers .
Wayne will go , I think Defoe will go , I think Heskey will go .
The other spot , or the other two spots , are open to debate .
There 's plenty to choose from .
Carlton Cole , Crouch , Agbonlahor ...
Yes , yes , but which of them should he choose ?
[ A bit miffed at being pressed ] Probably Crouch and Agbonlahor .
Why Agbonlahor ?
Because he 's had a fantastic season .
He 's got lightning pace .
He 's scored goals and looks a threat .
We must talk about Newcastle , Alan .
They 're top of the Championship this season – is that because they are a much better team than last year or because they 're in a much worse league ?
They 're in a worse league , there 's no doubt about that .
There 's a huge difference between the Premier League and the Championship .
But having said that , Chris Hughton deserves a lot of credit for the way he 's settled things down and got them playing some decent stuff .
He 's got them to the top of the league , and it looks as if they 'll have enough to go up .
Once , or if , that happens , that poses a different question .
The question that poses is : will they be good enough to stay there ?
So will they ?
Now you know why so many teams go up from the Championship and then struggle and go straight back down because of the vast difference in the leagues .
It depends how much they spend .
If they spend pretty big they 'll be able to stay up , yeah ,
What did you learn from your experience of managing Newcastle ?
I learned that 's a very , very tough job , but I also learned that I really enjoyed it despite what happened at the end of it .
I loved the everyday questions that were posed of you , the adrenaline rush , and obviously the games .
I really , really enjoyed it , despite what happened .
So you 're looking to get back into management ?
If the right one comes along then I 'd be interested .
What do you mean by the right one ?
I do n't know what the right one is .
I do n't think you can be too picky or choosy .
Certainly I can't be .
Tell us this , Alan , who is the football pundit you most admire , apart from yourself ?
He wo n't thank for me saying it , but I suppose I 'll have to say Alan .
He 's been there for so many years .
He 's well respected , and he does talk a lot of sense .
Not that I 'd tell him that anyway .
Who are you talking about ?
Alan Green ?
Alan Hansen .
Oh right .
Did he give you any tips when you were a novice pundit ?
[ Miffed again ]
No , he did n't .
Are there any pundits you do n't like ?
There were plenty who I did n't like when I was playing .
Now I think I have a decent relationship with all of them .
Have any current players come up to you to complain about something you 've said on Match of the Day ?
No , they have n't .
What 's the last piece of music you bought ?
Lionel Richie , when I went to his concert at the Newcastle Arena about six months ago .
Fantastic .
Who 's your favourite TV detective ?
I do n't watch a lot of TV , to be honest .
With three kids I have my hands full .
What about when you were a youngster ?
What was your favourite cartoon ?
[ Nonplussed ] Cartoons !?
Cartoons .
I did n't watch cartoons , I was too busy playing football .
Apart from a football , did you have a favourite toy when you were a child ?
[ Triumphantly ]
Yes , a goalpost .
Apart from football paraphernalia , did you have a favourite toy when you were a child ?
No , like I told you I was too busy playing football .
Now that you have retired , can you catch up on playing with the toys that you did n't play with when you were a youngster ?
Have you , for instance , discovered the joys of action men or maybe Lego ?
[ With mounting anger ]
No , I do n't play with toys .
And I 'm not into the PSPs or anything like that .
Whenever I have any spare time I have a game of golf .
Assuming you have time to eat , what is your favourite vegetable ?
Goodness me .
What type of questions are these ?
[ Exasperated ]
I should say peas , should I ?
There 's no right or wrong answer , Alan , that 's the beauty of it .
OK , peas .
Not Brussel sprouts ?
[ Annoyed ] Peas .
Just a big bowl of peas ?
[ Palpably hoping chat will conclude very soon ]
With a bit of mash , sausage and gravy .
What about fruit ?
An apple .
That 's quite emphatic .
You would n't have any time for an orange or a banana ?
[ Firmly ]
You asked for my favourite fruit , I said an apple .
That is accurate .
By the way , what superpowers would you like to have ?
[ Impatiently ]
What do you mean ?
The ability to fly ?
X - ray vision ?
Elbows of pure iron ?
I 'd probably be invisible , so I could go and listen to some of Fergie 's team talks .
What 's the silliest thing you 've ever done when drunk ?
I do n't get drunk .
What 's the weirdest thing a fan has ever asked you ?
To sign her chest .
Was there an Alan Shearer tattoo on it ?
No , because I never saw , because I refused to sign it .
So there might have been ?
I do n't know .
We can't rule it out , Alan .
Now , on an unrelated matter , have you ever seen a ghost ?
No .
Do you believe in the existence of ghosts ?
No .
Do you believe in life beyond earth ?
[ Impatiently ]
I do n't know what I believe in .
I try not to think about it .
I do n't want to think about it .
Alan , can you tell us a joke ?
Yeah , your questions .
Bye Alan , it 's been bliss .
Bye .
Alan Shearer was speaking on behalf of Castrol Football , an official sponsor of the 2010 Fifa World Cup
​
In Pictures : We go hands on with the Samsung Galaxy Fold
MANILA  A witness to the massacre of 57 people in the southern Philippines testified Wednesday that the principal suspect in the case , a town mayor , had shot several of the victims himself and that the mayor ’s father , the patriarch of a powerful political clan once allied with President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo , had personally directed his son to carry out several of the killings .
The witness , Rasul Sangki , the vice mayor of Ampatuan , a town in Maguindanao Province , told the court that the suspect , Andal Ampatuan Jr. , had killed at least three of the victims and ordered his supporters to shoot others to make sure they were dead .
One victim was a journalist begging for his life , Mr. Sangki said .
But , he testified , Mr. Ampatuan shot the man with an M - 16 rifle .
Mr. Ampatuan , the only person indicted in the massacre so far , pleaded not guilty this month to 41 murder charges against him .
In a brief interview with reporters on Wednesday  his first since he was charged  Mr. Ampatuan denied any role in the carnage .
“ Allah knows that I am innocent , ” he said .
Dante Jimenez , chairman of the watchdog group Volunteers Against Crime and Corruption , called Mr. Sangki ’s testimony “ very explosive and credible . ”
Random musings about programming , software , technical interviews , and of course Emacs - a tip every week for new and experienced users .
PRINCETON , NJ -- Gallup 's Job Creation Index -- based on 15,884 U.S. employees ' self - reports of hiring and firing activity at their workplaces -- shows that perceptions of current job market conditions nationwide improved slightly in February compared to January .
Conditions continue to be best in the South and weakest in the West , are improving in the Midwest , and deteriorating slightly in the East .
Twenty - five percent of employees nationwide in February told Gallup their companies are hiring , an increase from 23 % in January ; 23 % said their companies are letting people go ( vs. 24 % in January ) .
As is now well recognized , firing is down considerably from the level seen during much of 2009 .
On the other hand , hiring remains in the same tight range it has exhibited over the past year .
South : Remains the Best Job Market
Hiring in the South , at 27 % , is highest of any region -- and essentially the same as January 's 26 % , while the 22 % " firing " is tied for lowest with the Midwest .
The South has generally had a stronger job market than other regions over the past two years , and higher year - over - year oil prices have helped the keep the job situation in the South so positioned .
East : Continued Deterioration
Job market conditions in the East continued to worsen in February , with 24 % of employers hiring -- down slightly from 25 % in January and 26 % in December .
Simultaneously , 23 % of employers are letting people go -- up slightly from 22 % in January and 21 % in December .
The end of the financial crisis and the sharp gains on Wall Street had led to a substantially improved job market in this part of the country , but in recent months , some of those gains seem to have dissipated .
Midwest : Continued Improvement
Midwestern job market conditions improved again in February .
The source of the improvement is an increase in hiring to 25 % from 22 % in January ; firing was unchanged at 22 % .
Midwest job market conditions continue to benefit from the improvement in the manufacturing sector during recent months .
West : Worst of the Regions but Showing Modest Improvement
Conditions in the West improved modestly , with 22 % hiring in February -- up from 20 % the prior month -- and 27 % letting employees go ( improved from 29 % ) .
While manufacturing and exports are helping job market conditions in the West , this region continues to suffer from some particularly weak housing markets .
Commentary
Gallup 's Job Creation
Index shows a slight improvement in job market conditions in February , and this is consistent with Gallup 's findings that underemployment remained flat and the unemployment rate improved slightly last month .
Wednesday 's ADP report showed private - sector companies letting go of an estimated 20,000 employees in February -- the fewest in two years .
In addition , the Challenger , Gray , and Christmas report showed planned layoffs decreasing to 42,090 last month .
Friday 's Bureau of Labor Statistics unemployment report for February is expected to show an increase , possibly in part owing to the weather , which forced some businesses to close temporarily and made it difficult for employees to get to their jobs .
Seasonal adjustments will also influence the government 's unemployment rate , while Gallup 's employment measures are not adjusted in this way -- not to mention that they are based on a significantly different survey methodology .
Regardless of what numbers the government reports on Friday , Gallup data show that hiring remains about as weak as it has been over the past year , and that about one in five Americans are underemployed .
It is little surprise , then , that many Americans continue to see the economy , including unemployment , as the nation 's most important problem .
Learn more about Gallup 's economic measures .
Survey Methods
For Gallup Daily tracking , Gallup interviews approximately 1,000 national adults , aged 18 and older , each day .
The Gallup consumer spending results are based on random half - samples of approximately 1,000 national adults , aged 18 and older , each day .
The Gallup Job Creation Index results are based on a random sample of approximately 500 current full - and part - time employees each day .
Regional results for February are based on Gallup Daily tracking interviews totaling more than 3,000 in each region .
For each total regional sample , one can say with 95 % confidence that the maximum margin of sampling error is ±3 percentage points .
Interviews are conducted with respondents on land - line telephones and cellular phones .
In addition to sampling error , question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error or bias into the findings of public opinion polls .
… or at least , it is if you decide to eat at the place targeted for mass - poisoning as depicted in the recently released “ Telephone ” music video by Lady Gaga and Beyoncé .
Amongst other ingredients used to make the poison , “ one cup of Tiberium ” is added into the mix .
Tiberium , the green crystal that forms the centrepiece in the original Command & Conquer series , is known to be highly toxic and forms a biohazard to all non-protected life forms that come near it .
The full recipe for the mixture can be found after the jump .
The final instalment in the Command & Conquer series , Command & Conquer 4 : Tiberian Twilight , will release today for the PC in the United States .
The real - time strategy game , developed by EA Los Angeles , will be available in Europe and other territories on March 19th .
The Joy of Good Eating , 1952 | Nat White | Recently added More Home Buy !
A Conan O'Brien fan posed for a photo with Jay Leno last night with the letters " Coco FTW " written on his hand -- which means " for the win . "
SecondMarket is a rapidly - growing platform for buying and selling illiquid assets , including stock in private companies like Facebook .
SecondMarket says it tries to maintain a balance between operating like a startup and operating like a finance firm , since , after all , it is both .
But aesthetically , SecondMarket 's office is finance all the way .
Which is to say the company has a massive office in a famous building right off of Bowling Green .
When he started hunting for office space , CEO and Founder Barry Silbert says he expected to pay around $ 40 per square foot for a great space in the financial district .
Thanks to a cooperative real estate market , he found this space at 26 Broadway for $ 20 per square foot , twice as large as he 'd planned at 24,000 square feet .
It 's a good thing he went with the larger space ; SecondMarket is already planning to expand into vacant offices on its floor .
But the office is n't just big .
It 's also really , really nice .
Five months ago , Zero Hedge observed the nuances of the Federal Reserve 's Primary Dealer Credit Facility ( PDCF ) and concluded that this artificial liquidity boosting construct was nothing more than yet another scam to allow banks to extract ever more money from taxpayers , with the complicit blessing of the Federal Reserve Board Of New York ( as the original piece also provided an in - depth discussion of the triparty repo market which is now a parallel to the buzzword of the day in the form of Lehman 's " Repo 105 " off balance sheet contraption , it should serve as a useful refresher course to anyone who wishes to understand why while Repo 105 with its $ 50 billion in liability contingency may have been an issue , the true Repo market , with over $ 3 trillion of likely just as toxic assets , is where the real pain in the future will come from ) .
The PDCF would allow assets of declining and even inexistent value to be pledged as collateral , thus making sure that taxpayer cash was funneled into sham institutions holding predominantly toxic assets , and whose viability was and is limited , yet still is backed by the Fed , which to this day continues to pour our money into them .
Today , with a tip from the NYT's Eric Dash , we demonstrate just how grossly negligent the Federal Reserve was when it came to Lehman 's abuse of the PDCF , and how the trail of slime of Lehman 's increasingly obvious manipulation of its books goes to the very top of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York , and its then governor - a very much complicit Tim Geithner .
1. The Liquidity Conundrum And the PDCF
In our original piece , we posited the following observation on the Fed 's constant involvement in liquidity provisioning , particularly in the context of the repo market :
Here is the liquidity crunch in its full flow - chart glory :
If can not obtain short - term ( overnight or term ) funding in repo market , go to Eurodollar market
If can not obtain short - term funding in Eurodollar market ( LIBOR ) , go to asset sales
If asset sales are impossible due to lack bids , illiquid markets , and collateral consists of toxic MBS and CCC - rated junk bonds , yet margin calls are streaming and repo counterparties are demanding their cash back , go to bankruptcy File for bankruptcy
This would be natural chain of events in a normal capitalist country .
However , America in times of stress is anything but - which is why enter 3.5 ( after 3 and before 4 ) : the Federal Reserve .
What the Fed did was to basically extend credit , first to Bear Stearns ( through JP Morgan which ended up acquiring Bear 's toxic asset mess , now better known as Maiden Lane as it continues to reside on the Fed 's balance sheet ) , and second to Lehman Brothers ( here JPMorgan was not the ultimate beneficiary of the " good bank , " and instead it was merely the clearing agent of the triparty repo which had a very nervous
Fed on one side , stuck with nearly $ 70 billion in worthless securities consisting of anything from defaulted CRE whole loans , to stock in hundreds of bankrupt companies .
Keep in mind this is not the first time the Fed has found itself in this situation : in 1998 , when LTCM blew up , it was a dress rehearsal to the dot , along with the same feedback - loop driven evaporation of liquidity , as haircuts collapsed and nobody wanted to be on contingent to anyone else making rash decision .
Yet there was one notable difference between 1998 and 2008 : roughly $ 3.5 trillion ( or 350 % more ) in outstanding repos : a number equal to about 30 % of the US GDP , and a number sufficient to bring down the entire financial ponzi house of cards .
Enter the Federal Reserve and the doctrine of encouraged moral hazard .
The Fed 's response to point 3.5 - the emergence of the Primary Dealer Credit Facility .
The PDCF is mostly notable for the one fact that on the eve of Lehman 's bankruptcy , the PPT officially came out to play .
On September 14th the original , " stricter " , terms of the PDCF were modified to expand the collateral package from investment grade securities to pretty much anything that was not nailed down , including equities .
In this way the Fed was basically acting as the Plunge Protection Team once removed : it would lend money to banks so they could buy equities .
If anybody was confused about the existence of the PPT , it became completely evident on September 14th .
This was also previously discussed on Zero Hedge :
All through the spring and summer of 2008 , the Fed was confident it had managed to glue the pieces together , and retain some semblance of stability .
Then came that fateful weekend of September 13th about which so much has been written .
In advance of the Lehman collapse , and what the Fed knew would quickly become a lock - up of not just money markets ( which nearly occurred ) , but of the entire repo system , bringing practically all leveraged institutions to a halt and prompt liquidation , the Federal Reserve announced this little discussed amendment to the Primary Dealer Credit Facility :
The collateral elligible to be pledged at the Primary Dealer Credit Facility ( PDCF ) has been broadened to closely match the types of collateral that can be pledged in the tri-party repo systems of the two major clearing banks .
Previously , PDCF collateral had been limited to investment - grade debt securities .
The bolded text is all you need to know to find the smoking gun for any and all allegations of " plunge protection " or however one wishes to frame the invisible market bid .
On September 14th , 2008 the gloves cames off , when the Fed , stated in a press release no less , that it would provide virtually free taxpayer capital to banks so that they could go to the market and purchase equities !
And while the gloves really came off after Lehman 's failure , there was a sense that in the period between the PDCF 's inception in March and the September crisis amendment , the Fed was acting with at least a borderline fiduciary obligation to taxpaying Americans , by at least being true to its words of accepting only " investment grade rated securities . "
On March 16 , 2008 , finding itself in a quandary as to how to unclog frozen repo markets , the Federal Reserve Board announced the Primary Dealer Credit Facility .
Most notably from the press release is the disclosure on collateral : " Credit extended to primary dealers under this facility may be collateralized by a broad range of investment - grade debt securities . "
Note : not junk bonds , equities or any other toxic trash .
At least at this point the Fed , while acting to preserve liquidity , still retained some semblance of fiduciary responsibility to the U.S. taxpayer .
We have now discovered that this was absolutely not the case .
When analyzing the Lehman failure , the Lehman Examiner spends a substantial amount of time on the PDCF , and the interplay between it , and Lehman 's " assets " :
On March 16 , 2008 , “ at the height of the Bear Stearns crisis ” the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve granted the FRBNY the authority to establish the Primary Dealer Credit Facility ( “ PDCF ” ) ... Under the PDCF , the FRBNY would make collateralized loans to broker - dealers , such as LBI , and in effect , act as a repo counterparty .
Unlike a typical counterparty , though , with the creation of the PDCF , the FRBNY was generally understood by market participants to be the “ lender of last resort to the broker - dealers . ”
Reflecting the fact that broker - dealer liquidity had become increasingly dependent on overnight repos to obtain short - term secured financing , the PDCF was structured as an overnight facility .
As to the acceptable collateral qualifier , Valukas notes :
Pursuant to the Federal Reserve
Act ’s requirement that a Federal Reserve Bank lend only on a secured basis , and according to the convention in repo lending , the FRBNY advanced funds against a schedule of collateral .
Collateral accepted by the PDCF initially consisted of : Treasuries , government agency securities , mortgage - backed securities issued or guaranteed by government agencies , and investment grade corporate , municipal , mortgage - and asset - backed securities priced by clearing banks .
Wall Street immediately greeted the arrival of the PDCF as the panacea that would bail out the world .
Citigroup ’s Global Markets Equity Research division upgraded Lehman to “ buy ” on the back of the expansion of the PDCF .
Referring to the PDCF , the Citigroup analysis states : “ In our view , it ’s tough to have a liquidity - driven meltdown when you ’re being backed by government entities that have the ability to print money . ”
The Citigroup analysis elaborated on that point : “ With $ 34 b in liquidity at the parent company , [ and ] the ability to get access to over $ 200 b in liquidity from the Fed ’s primary dealer credit facility , . . . access to liquidity is a non-issue . ”
To Lehman itself , the PDCF seemed like a Bernanke Ex Machina .
To wit :
A day after the PDCF became operational , Lehman personnel commented : “ I think the new ‘ Primary Dealer Credit Facility ’ is a LOT bigger deal than it is being played to be . . . . ”
They mused that if Lehman could use the PDCF “ as a warehouse for all types of collateral , we should have plenty of flexibility to structure and rethink CLO / CDO structures . . . . ”
Additionally , by viewing the PDCF as “ available to serve as a ‘ warehouse ’ for short term securities [ b ] acked by corporate loans , ” 5345 the facility “ MAY BE THE ‘EXIT STRATEGY ’ FUNDING SOURCE WE NEED TO GET NEW COMPETITION IN THE CORPORATE LOAN MARKET .
Amusingly , even Lehman realized the obvious : that the Fed was locked in its " enabler " mode and would now have to serve Ponzi heroin virtually in perpetuity , as it would have no ability to withdraw the extra liquidity :
Feldkamp hypothesized that banks would be able to take advantage of the PDCF ’s warehousing potential over the long term , believing the FRBNY could not discontinue the temporary program in the near term , and that the program would eventually become entrenched :
Bernanke and co may have ‘ saved the day ’ , and JPM has a great public affairs approach to make the Bear deal look extremely positive for everyone , by emphasizing how it will be looking forward to applying this new [ CDO packaging ] technology to [ the ] resolution of this crisis .
Once applied successfully , the Fed will not be able to end the facility .
They ’ll have to conti[n ]ue it and manage it as a standard monetary policy tool .
Forget lender of last resort : everyone now saw the Fed as the " enabler of infinite resort . "
The ' hope ' reached to the very top , when Dick Fuld said on March 17 : “ The Federal Reserve ’s decision to create a lending facility for primary dealers and permit a broad range of investment - grade securities to serve as collateral improves the liquidity picture and , from my perspective , takes the liquidity issue for the entire industry off the table . ” [ amusingly , this is taken from a quote by the now infamous Zachery Kouwe , Lehman Is Not Ready To Fuld — Chairman Bullish Despite 19 % Drop , N.Y. Post , Mar. 18 , 2008 , at p. 37 - we wonder how many sources were trampled in the creation of this reference ... ]
Oh Dick , if only you knew then how wrong you are .
2. Lehman PDCF Land - Grab
The second PDCF was announced , it became Lehman 's saving grace .
The firm immediately took to packaging whatever questionable assets it could find , including completely worthless unsecured loans from Mozillo 's defunct Countrywide Financial , securitizing them with a few rating agency kickbacks , getting a single A rating for these , and peddling them over to the taxpayers in exchange for cash , with the Fed 's criminally negligent complicity :
Lehman did indeed create securitizations for the PDCF with a view toward treating the new facility as a “ warehouse ” for its illiquid leveraged loans .
In March 2008 , Lehman packaged 66 corporate loans to create the “ Freedom CLO . ”
The transaction consisted of two tranches : a $ 2.26 billion senior note , priced at par , rated single A , and designed to be PDCF eligible , and an unrated $ 570 million equity tranche .
he loans that Freedom “ repackaged ” included high - yield leveraged loans , which Lehman had difficulty moving off its books , and included unsecured loans to Countrywide Financial Corp .
The rub here is that unlike any traditional " asset " , there was no roadshow , no market , no way to determine the price for the CLO - it was all just Lehman 's word .
Yet the kicker is that the only reason the CLO was created was to abuse the PDCF 's generosity .
Lehman did not intend to market its Freedom CLO , or other similar securitizations , to investors .
Rather , Lehman created the CLOs exclusively to pledge to the PDCF .
An internal presentation documenting the securitization process for Freedom and similar CLOs named “ Spruce ” and “ Thalia , ” noted that the “ [ r ] epackage [d ] portfolio of HY [ high yield leveraged loans ] ” constituting the securitizations , “ are not meant to be marketed . ”
Handwriting from an unknown source underlines this sentence and notes at the margin : “ No intention to market .
Where it gets much worse , and where alarm bells comparable to those in the AIG case should now start to go off , is that Lehman had every intention of manipulating its books to hide its intention of using the CLO exclusively for Fed collateral purposes .
This has all the makings of another SEC - sponsored disclosure crisis , in which both the regulator and the Fed were criminally negligent and / or complicit in hiding the true state of Lehman 's affairs from the broader public .
And while Fuld can claim he was unaware of Repo 105 , there is at least a written trail that exposes his order to make Lehman 's PDCF participation hidden from the public 's eye : this alone is grounds for a criminal and civil investigation .
Lehman may have also managed its disclosures to ensure that the public did not become aware that the CLOs were not created to be sold on the open market , but rather were intended solely to be pledged to the PDCF .
An April 4 , 2008 e-mail containing edits to talking points concerning the Freedom CLO to be delivered by Fuld stated :
" Given that the press has not focused ( yet ) on the Fed window in relation to the [ Freedom ] CLO , I ’d suggest deleting the reference in the summary below .
Press will be in attendance at the shareholder meeting and my concern is that volunteering this information would result in a story . "
It is unclear , based solely on the e-mail , why a reference linking the FRBNY ’s liquidity facility to the Freedom CLO was deleted .
One explanation could be that Lehman did not want the public to learn that it had securitized illiquid loans exclusively to be pledged to the PDCF .
Another reason may have been to hide the fact that Lehman needed to access the PDCF in the first place , given that accessing the securities dealers ’ lender of last resort could have negative signaling implications .
While it is immediately unknown if the SEC was aware , and thus at fault as well for the this public disclosure manipulation , what is clear is that the FRBNY was well too aware of the deal :
The FRBNY was aware that Lehman viewed the PDCF not only as a liquidity backstop for financing quality assets , but also as a means to finance its illiquid assets .
Describing a March 20 , 2008 meeting between the FRBNY and Lehman ’s senior management , FRBNY examiner Jan Voigts wrote that Lehman “ intended to use the PDCF as both a backstop , and business opportunity . ”
With respect to the Freedom securitization in particular , Voigts wrote that Lehman saw the PDCF
" as an opportunity to move illiquid assets into a securitization that would be PDCF eligible .
They [ Lehman ] also noted they intended to create 2 or 3 additional PDCF eligible securitizations .
We avoided comment on the securitization but noted the firm ’s intention to use the PDCF as an opportunity to finance assets they could not finance elsewhere . "
Thus , the FRBNY was aware that Lehman viewed the PDCF as an opportunity to finance its repackaged illiquid corporate loans .
The Examiner ’s investigation has not determined whether the FRBNY also understood that these Freedom - style securitizations were never intended for sale on the broader market .
In response to a question from FRBNY analyst Patricia Mosser on whether Voigts knew “ if they [ Lehman ] intend to pledge to triparty or PDCF , ” Voigts replied that the Freedom CLO was “ created with the PDCF in mind . ”
Recall that Jan Voigts , who was an Examining Officer in the FRBNY 's bank supervision department , was woefully unaware of Lehman 's Repo 105 , as in the words of the Examiner , he had " no knowledge of Lehman removing assets from its balance sheet at or near quarter - end via a repo trade . "
Voigts disclosure that Lehman intended to use the PDCF as both a backstop and business opportunity " comes from a letter to none other than Tim Geithner from April 9 .
What is hilarious is that while the FRBNY itself acknowledges that merely the first part of the use of the PDCF , namely the use of the facility as a liquidity backstop , " could encourage risky behavior " , thereby introducing " moral hazard " issues , the second part , i.e. , the use of the PDCF as a " business opportunity " screams of gross FRBNY negligence when it comes to eliminating any risk on part of the borrower , explicitly guaranteed by taxpayer funds .
And Tim Geithner was all too aware of not just this , but of Lehman 's lack of public disclosure of this very critical component to its ongoing business model .
Yet after milking the PDCF for all it was worth , suddenly Lehman got cold feet , as it realized that there is a stigma effect associated with being seen as needing this very last recourse in the lender of last resort 's toolkit .
Lehman complained internally , and to the FRBNY , about the stigma attached to PDCF borrowing .
In an internal e-mail , Lehman personnel appeared to view the PDCF as a net negative , writing that Lehman could not use it due to its “ stigma , ” owing to the fact that “ should the Fed disclose the [ PDCF ] borrowers , it would likely further damage confidence in the institutions that tapped the facilities . ”
Yet , at the same time , Lehman personnel suggested that the mere existence of FRBNY facilities forced Lehman to “ quell rumors and bad press , ” presumably regarding whether Lehman was suffering liquidity problems or was forced to access the PDCF .
Tonucci also complained of the stigma , elevating his concerns to the FRBNY .
Tonucci relayed the rumor to the FRBNY , which he attributed to Standard & Poor ’s , that “ usage of the PDCF would cause [ the rating agency ] to change [ Lehman ’s ] outlook from stable to negative . ”
Here we uncover yet another stunner : in order to validate whether or not the last statement above was true , the FRBNYs Brian Peters notified the FRBNY 's infamous Steven Manzari , notorious for his involvement in AIG disclosuregate , which already got Tim Geithner in hot water before Congress , that he had spoken to S&P 's Diane Hinton , who had told him that the rumor was " not at all " true .
This brings a whole slew of questions : how often does the Fed discuss rating criteria and policy with the rating agencies ?
Does the Fed exert pressure when S&P or Moody 's determines a given rating ?
Is the Fed instrumental in " nudging " a rating agency to raise or lower a rating , as then - Tim Geithner / Ben Bernanke and now Bill Dudley / Ben Bernanke so desire ?
Obviously , with the fate of Greece tied to Moody 's one notch downgrade , this question could not have come at a more opportun time .
Yet despite posturing about worries of being stigmatized , Lehman had really no qualms about pleding Freedom CLO as collateral to the FRBNY , and to US taxpayers .
And not only that , but it once again materially misrepresented its liquidity needs and actual internal operations , the Examiner finds .
Hey SEC : how much more blatant does it get ?
Lehman drew on the PDCF facility sparingly prior to its bankruptcy .
Lehman accessed the PDCF seven times in the liquidity stress period that followed the Fed - brokered sale of Bear Stearns to JPMorgan .
Both internally , and to third parties , Lehman characterized these draws as “ tests , ” although witnesses from the FRBNY have stated that these were not strictly “ tests , ” but instances in which Lehman drew upon the facility for liquidity purposes .
After demonstrating a valiant effort in going after " psychics " and enforcing regulations when the amount of money involved is a few hundred thousands dollars ( or less ) , The Scam Enrichment Cabal becomes very quiet when the perpetrator is someone who over the past several decades made over half a billion dollars based on repeated and gross misrepresentation and lies to the public .
No , in this case the SEC is very much silent .
One wonders just how complicit the SEC's Chris Cox and Mary Schapiro have been in all of this ?
The above , in a nutshell , describes Lehman 's repeated criminal misrepresentation to both investors , and the Fed 's misrepresentation to taxpayers , about both Lehman 's involvement in government backstopped programs , its intent in doing so , and the collateral the Fed would accept .
We would certainly be more lenient on the Fed if it had indeed done some homework and realized the true value of Lehman collateral , which as is about to be shown , was in fact worthless .
3. The Fed 's Criminal Negligence In Performing Any Collateral Diligence
Going back to the beginning , this whole debate would have been a moot point had the Fed done at least a little diligence to determine if the Lehman collateral in question was in compliance with the original PDCF terms of accepting only " investment grade " assets ; if instead of blindly following the massively corrupt rating agency doctrine , the Fed 's hundreds of overpaid analysts had done at least one hour worth of work ; if the Fed had felt even a modest sense of fiduciary oblgiation to US taxpayers , to whom , much more so than Wall Street , it is supposed to be responsible .
This is not what happened .
In fact , what did happen , is that when Lehman attempted to use the Freedom CLO as collateral with Citi a few months down the line , it was classified as " bottom of the barrel " and " junk . "
In early August , Lehman offered Citi the Kingfisher , Freedom , Spruce and Verano CLOs – recently rated tranches of asset - backed securities that were backed by corporate loans and structured by Lehman – as collateral in connection with the pledge agreement .
Cornejo was concerned about Citi ’s reaction to Lehman proposing these assets as collateral and , according to Mauerstein , Lehman was not surprised when Citi ultimately rejected the CLOs as collateral .
Citi personnel characterized the CLOs offered by Lehman in connection with the pledge negotiations as “ bottom of the barrel ” and “ junk . ”
There is far more but this is more than sufficient .
4. Total And Criminal Abdication Of Responsibility From Everyone
In conclusion what else can be said that the Fed was grossly irresponsible in its fiduciary obligation to US taxpayers , whose money it used to fund collateral which another bank ( which itself would shortly need to be bailed out by taxpayers as well ) , made it all too clear that the Fed was playing Russian roulette with worthless assets , and admitting these to the PDCF , which at least on paper , was limited to quality collateral .
The Fed basically lied to everyone , while behind the scenes allowing not just worthless collateral to be pledged , but worked in complicity with Lehman 's management to misrepresent the true state of the firm 's financial affairs .
The Fed also conspired with rating agencies , and possibly was even instrumental in forcing the rating agencies to produce a credible threat of a major downgrade to Lehman , in order to accelerate the firm 's death .
Dick Fuld , in the meantime , was also willfully aware of financial misrepresentations , and that he was in violation of SEC reporting requirements , yet that did not stop him from repeatedly perverting the true nature of his PDCF involvements .
And lastly , one may ask , where the fuck was the SEC in all of this ?
Aside from surely lamenting the fact that its only has a $ 1 billion budget a year , and engrossed in transvestite porn , did the agency do any work to figure out just how the common US investors was getting raped from all sides pretty much throughout 2008 , and very likely , continuing to date ?
Federal regulators sued Bank of America Corp. on Tuesday , accusing the company of failing to disclose “ staggering financial losses ” at Merrill Lynch before shareholders approved a combination of the companies .
The lawsuit filed by the Securities and Exchange Commission in U.S. District Court in Manhattan sought an order requiring Bank of America to pay a civil penalty for not telling shareholders it was losing $ 15.3 billion in the fourth quarter of 2008 .
ADVERTISEMENT
Bank of America spokesman Robert Stickler called the charges “ totally without merit . ”
He said the company believes it provided sufficient and appropriate disclosure to shareholders prior to their vote approving the combination .
“ We look forward to presenting the facts in court , ” Stickler said .
“ What we would note is that there were no charges against individuals and no charges of fraud .
We were pleased with that . ”
The SEC said the information about the losses should have been announced when it was learned after the companies publicly announced their deal in September 2008 .
They did not obtain shareholder approval until three months later .
Federal laws governing such transactions require that losses be revealed if they were not already reflected in Merrill ’s quarterly reports or other filings .
ADVERTISEMENT
The SEC and Bank of America , which is based in Charlotte , N.C. , are already scheduled to go to trial March 1 after the SEC previously accused the bank of failing to disclose billions of dollars in bonuses paid at Merrill Lynch after the acquisition was completed a year ago .
In the new lawsuit , the SEC said Bank of America “ learned of staggering losses at Merrill ” in October and November of 2008 .
The agency said the bank consulted its lawyers who “ erroneously and negligently concluded that no disclosure was necessary because the projected quarterly loss was within the range of losses that Merrill had sustained in the preceding five quarters . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Those losses included a $ 4.5 billion loss by Merrill in October 2008 .
The deal was approved by shareholders at a Dec. 5 , 2008 meeting .
Several days later , Bank of America received an updated report reflecting a forecasted net loss of more than $ 12 billion at Merrill , the SEC said .
It said the full fourth quarter 2008 results at Merrill were announced on Jan. 16 , 2009 , nearly six weeks after the shareholder vote and two weeks after the deal had closed .
ADVERTISEMENT
A day after net loss of $ 15.3 billion for the quarter was reported , Bank of America stock dropped by nearly 30 percent , the SEC noted .
Bank of America shares fell 72 cents , or 4.3 percent , to $ 16.21 in afternoon trading .
Solve the unintended acceleration problem , win a million dollars .
Edmunds.com , the auto information and pricing company , is launching a public competition to find the cause of and solution to the problem that has allegedly caused dozens of auto accident deaths and devastated the reputation of Toyota Motor Corp .
You do n’t have to be an auto mechanic to enter .
“ If there is only one person who can re-create unintended acceleration in a car and then solve that problem and prove the whole thing to us , then they ’ll get $ 1 million , ” Edmunds Chief Executive Jeremy Anwyl said .
Advertisement
Toyota has recalled millions of vehicles to fix sudden - acceleration problems , but Edmunds spokesman Chintan Talati said that Jim Lentz , president of Toyota Motor Sales USA , left doubts in his appearance before a congressional panel that the company had fully resolved the issue .
“ He said himself that he ’s not 100 % certain that this is the only fix or the only problem , ” Talati said .
“ So we do n’t know the problem is really fixed , and that ’s what this contest is about . ”
Anwyl denied the prize was a publicity stunt .
“ We ’re not looking to keep any information or technology ourselves , ” he said .
“ Anything discovered in the competition will be open and out there , and hopefully this all works , because it could save lives . ”
Advertisement
Details of the competition , which will begin next month , are still being worked out .
“ There might be one answer ; there might be many answers , ” Anwyl said .
“ But if there are three people who can do it , then the money will be split three ways .
“ We ca n’t give everyone a million dollars . ”
nathan.olivarezgiles @latimes.com
A common problem that many new hockey players have is learning how to stop .
I do n’t mean stopping by dragging your foot , doing a 360 or running into the boards , I mean doing a proper hockey stop !
In this article we have four videos to help explain the hockey stop .
I have written this article to help you learn how to stop in hockey , I have also made a how to stop in hockey video that I have added below .
You can watch the video if you prefer a visual lesson , I will include key points below the video .
The first video shows the basics of stopping on skates .
The biggest part of stopping on skates is getting over the mental barrier .
Here is the first video
How to Stop on Hockey Skates Video
This video covers the basics of stopping and helps you understand what is happening .
As you can see in the video the main concept to grasp is that you have to peel the ice , and you will be sliding sideways for a brief second .
The most important point to take away from this video is that you MUST keep your momentum moving in the direction you are skating , otherwise you will just turn around .
Now you can watch the how to hockey stop video
The Hockey Stop for Absolute Beginners
We made the video below this one first , but we still had a lot of questions so we decided to address all those questions in this video , and offer some very simple solutions to some common problems that beginner hockey players were having .
30 + Years of Power Skating Lessons
In this video we have Scott Grover from the Science of Skating explaining how he teaches hockey players how to stop .
Scott was a guest in our Learn to skate series .
How to Hockey Stop Video
Learning how to hockey stop can be tough , but by learning the proper technique , taking it slow , and practicing a lot you should be able to learn in no time !
Here is the process of stopping in hockey
A player starts by skating forwards , when the player is ready to stop they will lift one leg slightly to take weight off of it ( this can become the back leg or front leg but for the purposes of this example this will become the back leg ) .
With a bit of weight taken off of one skate , the player will start to lean back , rotate their hips and shoulders and begin to turn with their other leg ( this leg becomes the front leg ) .
When the player has turned their front leg approximately 90 degrees they will now plant their back leg about 1 foot behind their front leg .
At this point the player will be leaning back , and keeping the momentum moving in the direction they were skating .
With both feet planted the player will slide for a brief second before coming to a full stop .
This sounds like a lot to learn and a long process , but it happens in less than a second .
You can see this process in action in the video above if you would like .
I have also added pictures of how the hockey stop happens below .
Hockey Stop – Start
You can see here that I am just finishing my last stride from skating , and now preparing to stop .
I am pushing off with my back leg ( left leg ) and getting ready to land with my front leg ( my right leg ) .
Hockey Stop – Rotate Hips
You can see that I have pushed off with my back leg ( my left leg ) , landed with my front leg , and now I am beginning the hockey stop .
I am starting to rotate my hips , and turning my front foot .
At the same time I will be leaning back , and bringing my back leg behind my front leg .
Hockey Stop – Planting Your Feet
I have now rotated my hips a bit , turned my front foot enough to begin stopping , and just starting to plant my back leg .
the back leg is used for balance , and also a bit for stopping .
Most of the weight will be placed on the front leg .
The key here is to lean back ( so you do n’t topple over ) and peel ice .
To stop you will be using the inside edge of the blade on your front skate , and outside edge of the blade on your back skate .
I will pivot both of my skates just a little more , then really lean into the stop .
How To Hockey Stop
Here you can see the stop in action .
I have peeled a lot of ice with my front leg and a bit with my back leg as well ( hard to see though in this picture )
The key is to keep moving in the direction that you are skating .
If you have trouble stopping like this ( you keep spinning or going in circles ) try some of the drills I mention in the video , or in the article below .
Now that you know how a hockey stop happens I will teach you how to do it .
Learning To Stop in Hockey
The biggest obstacle in learning to stop on skates is the mental barrier that people put up .
In the video and in this article I show you how you can overcome the mental barrier of stopping on ice .
As you become more comfortable with the concept of how to stop on skates you will get better and better .
is the mental barrier that people put up .
In the video and in this article I show you how you can overcome the mental barrier of stopping on ice .
As you become more comfortable with the concept of how to stop on skates you will get better and better .
Start slow – Start skating slowly , and stopping slowly , in fact at first you will only be using one leg to stop , not both .
If you are just starting , try holding onto the boards and just pushing off with your leg and get the feeling of your skate sliding sideways .
Then move onto the next point
– Start skating slowly , and stopping slowly , in fact at first you will only be using one leg to stop , not both .
If you are just starting , try holding onto the boards and just pushing off with your leg and get the feeling of your skate sliding sideways .
Then move onto the next point
For your first hockey stop , take a few strides to get moving , glide for a second and make sure your balance is right .
Now Lift a bit of weight off of the skate of your strong leg , rotate your hip a bit , turn your skate ( of the leg that you just lifted ) about 90 degrees ( so it is almost perpendicular to your other skate ) and plant your skate in front of you .
Your strong leg should now slow you down and then stop you .
You should use your other leg for balance .
Practice doing this until you get used to using the inside edge of your strong leg to stop .
If you feel comfortable at stopping like this then increase your speed a bit , practice doing it faster and faster until you have it down .
Remember to practice stopping with both legs , in hockey you need to be able to stop with your body facing in both directions , so start practicing it now .
If you can stop like this you are halfway there .
You now know how to use one foot to stop , and the other for balance , with a hockey stop you should be using both feet to stop , but you are not ready to do that just yet , first you should practice stopping with only one foot !
That ’s right one foot and it is not as hard as you think .
Earlier we were using one foot for balance , but your front leg was doing all of the work .
Now we need to build your balance even more by taking away that leg you were using for balance .
Perform the same motion as we talked about before , but take a bit of weight , or all of your weight off of your balance foot , try just using your front leg ( your strong leg ) to stop ( as shown in the hockey stop video ) .
Once you are comfortable taking weight off of your balancing leg , try lifting it right up .
This will build your confidence in using your inside edge to stop , and the motion of sliding a bit , and keeping the momentum moving in the direction you were skating .
That is pretty much it , now you can use both feet and do a full hockey stop !
To do the full hockey stop , skate forwards , lift your strong leg , rotate your hips a bit , lean back , and turn your body to the side so that both skates are now sideways ( compared to how they were pointing before ) .
Plant your back foot and dig in until you stop .
Congratulations , you have just learned how to hockey stop .
The only thing you need to do now is put that knowledge into action .
Understanding Your Edges
As requested by Jacky – If you have read our How to Ice Skate article you will know that when you are skating , each skate blade actually rests on two thin edges .
When you skate , turn , and stop you need to use your edges .
When you are playing this comes as second nature , but can be hard for some beginners to understand , and may help you learn to stop and skate if you learn about your edges .
I have included some pictures that may help you understand how to use your edges to stop .
I hope this article has helped you learn how to stop in hockey .
If you would like more hockey tips like this then you can subscribe to the articles with the box to the left .
Thanks for reading , let me know what you think ( or add some tips of your own )
Share this :
Tweet
Related
Pass the Puck
In a possible sequel to the Dubai assassination , Israeli spy planes flew uninvited and unannounced over Budapest the same day a Syrian man was shot to death in his car , Hungarian media reported yesterday .
Two Israeli air force Gulfstream V - type jets , equipped with sophisticated intelligence gear , flew more than 1,300 miles over Turkey , Bulgaria and Romania on Wednesday before flying over eastern Budapest and then disappearing , the reports said .
The incident occurred the same day Budapest police said a 52 - year - old Syrian was gunned down while stopping his black luxury car at a traffic light on the east side of the capital .
The attacker fired several shots before stealing a black briefcase from the car and fleeing on foot , authorities said .
Police have yet to identify the victim or give a motive .
The incident follows the Jan. 19 assassination of a senior Hamas official in Dubai , which United Arab Emirates police blamed on an Israeli hit team .
Investigators accused Israel ’s Mossad spy agency of planning the hit on Mahmoud al - Mabhouh for more than a year and using dozens of bogus passports or phony identities to enter Dubai .
Hungarian Defense Minister Imre Szekeres yesterday demanded an investigation of Wednesday ’s overflights , which the ministry said were made without prior notification from Israel .
The MTI news agency said experts believed the planes approached Ferihegy International Airport at a low altitude before veering off .
They said there was no attempt to land .
The Israeli Embassy in Budapest said the planes were on a diplomatic mission , but did not elaborate .
“ Of course , they were not spy planes , ” said Ambassador Alice Bin-Noun .
The Hungarian Foreign Ministry refused comment when asked about a possible diplomatic motive for the flights .
Over the years , Israeli operatives , including Mossad agents , have been credited with assassinating dozens of targeted Arab terrorists , often in Europe .
Some attacks occurred far from the Mideast , such as in Athens , Paris , Rome , Cannes , Norway and even Uruguay .
Aside from possible involvement in the Syrian ’s murder , the spy planes might have been gathering intelligence , the Hungarian newspaper Nepszabadsag said .
The flying distance from Israel to Budapest is greater than to Iran , Israel ’s sworn enemy , it noted .
Israel has had a bitter relationship with Syria , which provides sanctuary for terrorists in Damascus and sponsors Hezbollah and other terror groups .
In September 2007 , Israeli jets reportedly blew up a nuclear reactor in Syria that was being built with North Korean help .
andy.soltis@nypost.com
( CNN ) -- Alanis Morissette was the definition of " fierce " when she arrived on the American music scene with one of the big break - up songs of the '90s , " You Oughta Know . "
But behind that tough exterior were secrets of a difficult past .
" As a teen , I was both anorexic and bulimic , " Alanis Morissette recently told Health magazine for its December issue .
" I was a young woman in the public eye , on the receiving end of a lot of attention , and I was trying to protect myself from men who were using their power in ways I was too young to know how to handle . "
By the time Morissette was 14 , she had already starred in a popular Canadian children 's show , started her own record label and had a publishing contract with MCA Canada , according to her Web site .
" Disappointment , sadness and pain hit me hard , and I tried to numb those feelings through my relationship with food .
For four to six months at a time , I would barely eat .
I lived on a diet of Melba toast , carrots , and black coffee , " she said .
" I began recovering at 18 , when a sweet friend confronted me . "
Now that she 's older , Morissette , 35 , said she 's no longer starving herself and has begun to look at eating as " a sort of spiritual practice . "
Her healthier view of food and nutrition is thanks in no small part to a book she discovered a few years ago called " Eat to Live . "
" It 's become my bible , pushing me to completely reorient my thinking about what to put into my body .
...
Now I concentrate on eating high - nutrient foods like fruit , nuts , collards , kale and spinach .
I 'm obsessed with them .
I even put spinach in my smoothies , " the Canadian musician admitted .
The seven - time Grammy Award winner has also sworn off dairy , on a tip from Woody Harrelson , no less .
" Woody Harrelson [ told ] me I needed to get rid of the dairy in my fridge to clear up my skin , " she said .
It 's had a positive effect : Morissette said her skin " looks great now . "
But all of that health consciousness does n't mean Morissette has lost appreciation for the more delectable things in life .
" Do n't get me wrong , " she said in the interview , " I still indulge in a glass of wine or chocolate -- treats are mandatory .
Without deviating from the day - to - day healthy diet once in a while , it would n't be sustainable for me , and that 's what I wanted : an approach to eating to last my entire life . "
Resolving her issues with food and body image has helped Morissette to develop clarity in other areas of her life as well .
" I 'm really clear about what my life mission is now .
There 's no more depression or lethargy , and I feel like I 've returned to the athlete I once was .
I 'm integrating all the parts of me -- jock , musician , writer , poet , philosopher -- and becoming stronger as a result , " she said .
" I hope my effort shows any woman battling an eating disorder or poor body image that she 's not alone -- support is out there -- and inspires her to discover her inner athlete .
It does n't matter what your fitness - skill level is . "
Health magazine 's December issue hits newsstands November 24 .
Full text search with MongoDB
Here I ’ll present a simple full text search engine , that uses MongoDB as its backend .
It ’s implemented using MongoEngine , and is intended as more of a proof - of - concept than a viable alternative to “ real ” search engines such as Solr , Sphinx , etc .
What will the search engine do ?
The search engine will index documents in a certain MongoDB collection .
Multiple fields may be indexed , and a weight may be assigned to each field .
The words in each field will be split up and stemmed .
A mapping between the words and the indexed documents will be stored in the database , and will be used when a query is run to determine the relevance of each document .
How should the index be stored ?
Most search engines use inverted indexes , which map terms to documents .
A simple way of storing an inverted index in MongoDB would be to have a collection where the _id is a term , and a documents field has a list of references to documents in the collection we are indexing .
However , as MongoDB allows us to index on list fields , a more sensible approach is to store the reference to the indexed document as the _id in the index collection , and have a list field that contains the terms that are in the document .
To allow terms from different fields to carry different weights , embedded documents containing the term and a weight will be stored in the terms field , rather than just the term .
A nice side effect of this is that terms that appear multiple times within a document can be stored as one embedded document ; the weight will be the sum of the weights of the individual occurrences of the term .
Let ’s see the code for that :
class SearchTerm ( EmbeddedDocument ) : term = fields .
StringField ( ) weight = fields .
FloatField ( ) class DocumentIndex ( Document ) : doc_id = fields .
StringField ( primary_key = True ) terms = fields .
ListField ( fields .
EmbeddedDocumentField ( SearchTerm ) )
Querying
To perform a search , a textual query will be split and stemmed in a similar manner to the indexed documents .
Each document will be compared to the query to determine its relevance , then the documents will be returned with an associated “ score ” .
The ranking function I ’ve opted to use is BM25 .
For efficiency , this will be executed on the server , rather than downloading the entire index and performing the ranking client - side in Python .
To do this the ranking function will be written in Javascript and the exec_js method on a MongoEngine QuerySet will be used .
BM25 uses the inverse - document frequency ( IDF ) of each term to rank a document in a collection .
The IDF effectively determines how important a term is across a collection by calculating its rarity ( i.e. it will be low for common words , and high for words that only occur in a small number of documents ) .
The IDF will be calculated before the main ranking occurs :
idfs = {} #
Get the total number of documents in the collection num_docs = document_index .
objects .
count ( ) for term in query_terms : #
Use the number of docs that contain the term to calculate the IDF term_docs = document_index .
objects ( terms__term = term ) . count ( ) idfs [ term ] = log (( num_docs - term_docs + 0.5 ) / ( term_docs + 0.5 ) )
Now we have a dictionary of the IDF for each term , we can define the ranking function :
function ( ) { var results = {} ; // Iterate over each document to calculate the document 's score db [ collection ]. find ( query ) .
forEach ( function ( doc ) { var score =
0 ; //
Iterate over each term in the document , calculating the // score for the term , which will be added to the doc 's score doc .
terms .
forEach ( function ( term ) { //
Only look at the term if it is part of the query if ( options .
queryTerms .
indexOf ( term . term ) != - 1 ) { // term .weight is equivalent to the term's // frequency in the document // // f( qi , D ) * ( k1 + 1 ) var dividend = term .
weight * ( options . k + 1 ) ; // |D| / avgdl var relDocSize = doc .
length / options .
avgDocLength ; // ( 1 - b + b * | D| / avgdl ) var divisor = 1.0 - options . b + options . b * relDocSize ; // f( qi , D ) + k1 * ( 1 - b + b * | D| / avgdl ) divisor = term .
weight + divisor * options .
k //
Divide the top half by the bottom half var termScore = dividend / divisor ; //
Then scale by the inverse document frequency termScore *= options .
idfs [ term .
term ] ; //
The document 's score is the sum of its terms scores score += termScore ; } } ) ; results [ doc .
_id ] = score ; } ) ; return results ; }
And that ’s pretty much it , we get back a dictionary that has document ids as the keys and relevance scores as the values .
In the future it would be nice to add sorting by relevance and a way of saying “ only give me back the top n results ” , but for the time being that can just be done in Python :
from operator import itemgetter from heapq import nlargest num_results = 10 top_matches = nlargest ( num_results , results . iteritems ( ) , itemgetter ( 1 ) )
Optimisations
Firstly , as MongoDB is a schema - free database , it stores the field names along with each field on a document .
As we are storing a large number of terms , renaming term and weight on the SearchTerm embedded document will save a fair bit of space .
Secondly , rather than ranking all documents we could use a query that only includes documents that contain at least one of the search terms :
query = document_index .
objects ( terms__term__in = query_terms )
As I mentioned earlier , this will not perform nearly as well as the proper search servers , but it seems to produce reasonable results for the limited tests I ’ve run .
The full code for this is available on GitHub , along with an example of how to use it .
“ Breaking Bad ” returns to AMC for Season 3 .
Will you be there ?
Well , I certainly will be , that ’s for sure .
The writers of Bullz - Eye – and , by extension , Premium Hollywood – have never been afraid to throw their love behind television series that are n’t necessarily embraced by the general viewing public , and it ’s no surprise that AMC ’s “ Breaking Bad ” falls into that category .
Certainly , it gets a great deal of love from the nation ’s TV critics , but in fairness , it does have the sort of premise that does n’t necessarily lend itself to mass consumption : a high school chemistry teacher with a pregnant wife and a teenage son with cerebral palsy is diagnosed with stage - three terminal lung cancer and , in order to provide for his family , decides to start making meth .
Bryan Cranston , previously known primarily for his work as Hal , the patriarch on “ Malcolm in the Middle , ” took the role of Walter White – the aforementioned meth - maker – and ran with it .
Indeed , we ’re pretty sure that the only times he has stopped running since the premiere of “ Breaking Bad ” have been to accept his back - to - back Emmy Awards for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Drama Series .
Although Cranston is the only member of the ensemble to win thus far , he ’s not the only one to have been nominated .
His co-star , Aaron Paul , pulled in his first nomination for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Drama Series in 2009 for his work as Jesse Pinkman , Walt ’s partner in crime , and it would not surprise us in the least if 2010 found Anna Gunn in the running for Outstanding Actress in a Drama Series .
( Season 3 is , we have been reliably informed , somewhat Skyler - centric . )
Now , if you have n’t been following “ Breaking Bad ” but you ’ve heard good things and have been wondering if there ’s way you can possibly catch up in time to watch the premiere of Season 3 without feeling completely lost , you ’re in luck : AMC has managed to successfully distill the first two seasons of the show into one reeeeeeeally intense six - minute video .
It does n’t mean you should n’t go back and watch Season 1 and Season 2 in their entirety when you have the chance , but this will definitely put you in a position to sit comfortably in front of the TV with the rest of us on Sunday night .
Now , as you may have seen elsewhere , Bullz - Eye was fortunate enough to visit the set of “ Breaking Bad ” in January , where we were provided with the opportunity to have lunch with series creator Vince Gilligan , then followed that up with dinner with Bryan Cranston and Aaron Paul .
And prior to that , the Winter 2010 TCA Tour provided me with several other “ Breaking Bad ” opportunities : a one - on - one with Aaron , followed by a chat with Bob Odenkirk , the “ Mr. Show ” alumnus who now plays the series ’ resident attorney , the ever - slimy Saul Goodman , and then wrapped things up by ( quietly ) participating in a roundtable interview with Cranston , Paul , Gunn , and Odenkirk .
Yes , we realize that ’s a lot of information to take in before the premiere , but at least you ca n’t say we do n’t provide you with a great deal of preparatory material …including this sneak preview of what you can expect on Sunday night :
Season 3 of “ Breaking Bad ” premieres on Sunday , March 21 , at 10 PM EST / PST .
( Be sure to meet back here after the season premiere – and every episode thereafter , for that matter – to check out our blog ! )
Yesterday , I posted about gay Bleckley County High School student Derrick Martin , who was approved to bring his male date to the prom .
Though Derrick has received tons of support from the internet and from gay rights groups , things are not totally rosy :
" Martin said he got 54 messages Tuesday on Facebook .
' I appreciate it , ' he said .
' I was speechless that they said they would buy me dinner or buy me a tux in case someone messed mine up . '
But because of the media attention , Martin ’s parents have kicked him out and the teen is staying with a friend , he said . "
Shame on them .
The school is holding firm on its decision to allow gay couples at the prom .
some people just do not get it , but I do .. bro I take pain pills to make me happy because life can be so rough ... people who saying you smoke because you gay dont realize your at a tough point in time where identity is everything .
It takes the stress and pain away for awhile , I know and it makes you feel happy , because otherwise in a clear head life is hard ... but it isnt the way ...( im sorry im breaking into tears right now cause things are so hard for me 2 cause of family issues ) but heres the deal bro , you have to stop ... you can quit all of a sudden ( but most likely wont help ) , do it less and less cause if you go cold turkey ... it wont work .. if you doing it on your own that is .. now rehab is a good option but what 17 year old wants to go to rehab .
Bro tell your mother you just have a hard time dealing with life and feelings she will ask why but you dont have to say " Im Gay " just say I wanna be happy , and no matter what I do it isnt workin , or I want to have a good life .. something life that , give it away withought giving it away .
Just let her know things are tough , and also what you need is to find a good friend you can be yourself with .
I tell my secrets to people online because i get what I have to say off my chest , but yet if they tell someone it dont matter cause they dont know me and their judgement doesnt matter ... or if you need a real friend just find someone and make sure you can trust them .
I know life can be hard but I need help for my pain pill thing to ... and Ima do my best to get it ... but yeah I wish you the best
Dont listen to these people who say come out now ... NO you owe no one any explanation you are what you are , and you dont have to explain yourself to anyone .
You do what you want when your ready and until then just find something that helps you express yourself and takes the stress and pressure off like me ... I write poems and stories and it helps me .
I wish you the best bro .
Here 's a bonus podcast from Driftglass and Bluegal with another new one for this week coming shortly .
Enjoy !
You can listen to past editions here .
The podcast is also available through iTunes , and the RSS feed is here .
DG and BG have committed to having a paid account with their podcasting service ; this means they can archive old podcasts and record every week , which is not possible on a free account .
If you like these podcasts , drop five bucks in the hat to help defray their costs .
Thanks .
But what may affect who takes home the statuette is the new and complicated voting procedure instituted to deal with the extra nominees .
Instead of simply listing a single top film , the Academy ’s roughly 6,000 members are now required to rank them in order of preference ; a result is that a film that heavily figures in the No. 2 or No. 3 spots might best one with a sprinkling of votes in No. 1  and conversely , it means that it ’s important for a film to be picked for No. 2 and No. 3 . ( That is , unless a film has 50 percent plus 1 of the No. 1 votes , which constitutes a winning majority . )
More than anything else , “ the voting system could shake things up , ” said Cynthia Swartz , a movie publicist and Academy member .
Some industry analysts worry that voters who had trouble picking 10 nominees to begin with will be less than conscientious about ranking them all .
( Ballots with one vote will still be counted , though the Academy frowns on such an abdication of voting power . )
“ People are used to voting for the movie they liked best and being done with it , ” Ms. Chasen , also an Academy member , said .
The new system was engineered when the Academy realized that , with 10 nominees , a small plurality of votes  less than 20 percent  could nab the big win , said Leslie Unger , a spokeswoman .
The Academy even devised a new ballot , so that the staff at PricewaterhouseCoopers  those poor briefcase toters whose segment on the Oscar telecast is universally considered a good time for a bathroom break  can physically separate them into piles based on the rankings .
The arrangement , known as instant - runoff or ranked - choice voting , is a variant on the single transfer - vote system , whose real - world applications  it ’s been used in Australia , San Francisco and Cambridge , Mass .
 have not always been smooth .
Ms. Unger said that instant - runoff has been used in the nominations process in most categories for years , so members should be familiar with it .
Nonetheless , the Academy and PricewaterhouseCoopers are busy producing an instructional video to explain the nitty - gritty of choosing the year ’s top film .
Glamorous , no ?
Mr Obama and Mr Medvedev plan to sign the new Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty , which would replace a 1991 pact that expired in December , in Prague on April 8th .
The signing date comes nearly a year after the American president promised to rid the world of nuclear weapons in a speech in the same city .
BEFORE RESPONDING
to any post on this blog , please
___________
GLOSSARY :
see
FAVORITE QUOTES :
see
READING RECOMMENDATIONS :
see
.
( The most used acronym on this blog is this : C.R.A.P. and it stands for . )
I used to be way more into film .
Who would have guessed that it would be surpassed by TV ?
I agree with whoever pointed out that TV is better for storytelling , and film is better for blowing your mind .
Anyway , this list is slanted toward old stuff , and there must be some new stuff that I have n't seen yet .
I left them unnumbered , but they are loosely arranged with the ones I like better closer to the top .
Brazil ( 1985 ) Terry Gilliam is a creative genius but he needs some reining in .
In Brazil this was done by the low budget , by Tom Stoppard writing several drafts of the script , and finally by the studio , which pressured Gilliam to cut the American theatrical version down to 131 minutes .
This should not be confused with the dreadful 94 minute " love conquers all " version , which was shown only on American television .
The Criterion " director 's cut " is pretty much the same as the 142 minute European theatrical version , and I think the extra 11 minutes bog the film down and add nothing .
Unfortunately , the 131 minute version has never been released on DVD , only on VHS and videodisc .
( It might say 131 when you order it , but the actual DVD will be 142 . )
Anyway , even the bloated version is one of the best films of all time .
As Danny Peary wrote , " Every shot is bizarre and fascinating . "
Although it 's usually not considered steampunk , I would call it the most important example , because it 's the most popular and acclaimed vision of an alternate technological world , mixing devices and styles that we find new , old , and unfamiliar .
Of course , like Kafka , Gilliam is really showing us our own world .
In one of the most important shots , the camera backs and rises from a vehicle on a highway to show it walled in on both sides by endless billboards with scenes of beauty and happiness , while on the other side is industrial wasteland all the way to the horizon .
In another key shot , a secretary cheerfully types a transcript of a screaming tortured prisoner in the next room .
Brazil is a pessimistic film about revolution .
It creates a nightmarish order that we want to destroy , and then begins to destroy it .
Characters and locations -- the plastic surgery victim , Sam 's apartment -- are more disordered each time we see them .
As Sam tries to fight the system , his own life unravels .
When he kills the dream monster and removes its mask , he sees his own face .
Sam is bound to the structures he wants to destroy , and in the end he can only escape by destroying his own sanity .
The Good , The Bad , and The Ugly ( 1966 ) Sergio Leone , an Italian , was obsessed with the American west , and made westerns that were far more authentic than anything coming out of Hollywood .
Tarantino called this the best directed film of all time , and I agree .
In his instincts for where to point the camera , Leone is a master storyteller .
Several things combine to elevate this far above his other films : the overall grittiness and chaos , the scene where the prisoners play music to cover up the sound of torture , Eli Wallach 's performance as Tuco , and the soundtrack , which is Ennio Morricone 's best work .
Some scenes are technically music videos , because Leone had Morricone record the music first , and then shot and edited the film to fit it .
Leone is seldom credited for his political message : in a capitalist society , every time money changes hands , someone dies .
The characters are introduced according to this rule .
Angel Eyes , the Bad , is offered money to spare a man 's life , and instead kills him and takes it as payment to also kill the man who bought the first killing ; so he follows the rule even against the wishes of the payer .
Blondie , the Good , subverts the rule by turning in fugitives for bounty and then freeing them .
Point Break ( 1991 ) Roger Ebert , reflecting on The Good The Bad and The Ugly , said that he rated it four stars because of its apparent trashiness , but wrote a five star review , and only with time did he overcome cultural bias to see it as objectively great .
That 's how I feel about Point Break .
No film has ever made me feel more alive than this dumb FBI surfer bank robber movie .
Keanu Reeves would later become a huge star with The Matrix , but this , his first action role , is the same story as the Matrix but in our own world , with full darkness .
" Morpheus " is morally ambiguous ; the liberation he offers is temporary and fleeting ; aliveness in this world is crushed down , and can only survive on the other side of some uncanny veil .
It 's actually a lot like Wuthering Heights .
The Third Man ( 1949 ) A perfect conjunction of a great script and cast , skilled and innovative direction , and a radical and beautiful zither score by Anton Karas .
The first time I saw it , it was an old print that had faded on the outside , so in the final shot , which is already one of the best shots in film , there was an accidental effect that made it even better : everything just got brighter and brighter and turned to white .
Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind ( 2004 )
This is a science fiction film : it introduces a miraculous technology -- in this case , one that removes memories -- and explores its unintended consequences .
At the same time , it has more depth than most films in the literary genre .
This is something that has been tried many times and rarely achieved : a love story with a fantasy / sci - fi element that carries it to greater emotional power than you could ever get with strict realism .
Also , this may be the only film whose title is in iambic pentameter .
Bring Me The Head of Alfredo Garcia ( 1974 )
The only film Sam Peckinpah had total control over , and one of the most politically radical films ever made .
At the beginning we think we 're in the old west , as a Mexican warlord beats his daughter to find out who got her pregnant , and then declares the title line , offering a million dollars .
In the next shot , a jet airplane lands !
We discover that this world run by violent gangs and hired killers is our own world .
The protagonist , Warren Oates in his greatest role , is a lazy bar owner who hears about the bounty from two thugs and decides to track down Garcia .
SPOILER : Eventually he finds him already dead , and spends most of the rest of the film carrying the head around as it decays .
He begins talking to it , comes to sympathize with Garcia and against the bounty hunters , and ends up carrying the head up the murder - for - money hierarchy , killing everyone !
Galaxy Quest ( 1999 )
This is why I disparage " the literary genre " , a mere flavor of fiction that holds itself up as the sole gateway to high quality .
This perfect film channels the luminous Divine and will never be taken seriously because it's also silly and fun .
Tideland ( 2005 ) Michael Palin said this was either Terry Gillam 's worst film , or his best .
I think it's his second best , not as epic or concentrated or mind - blowing as Brazil , but more mature , more alive , and much more raw .
A little girl wanders into a world between her own daydreams and a family of rural oddballs , and the whole vibe is so wonderful that if it were a little less dark , it would be utopian .
Safe ( 1995 ) Todd Haynes ' masterpiece is basically an adaptation of the classic story " The Yellow Wallpaper " , updated from victorian England to 1980 's California .
An affluent housewife ( Julianne Moore ) gets a mystery illness , but instead of going into a creepy bedroom , she goes to a new age retreat center .
The ending is carefully ambiguous , and we never get a clear answer about what 's wrong with her or whether she 'll recover .
And the atmosphere is a lot like a horror movie , except that every character is trying to be nice , and the horrifying thing is the alienation of modern life .
The President 's Analyst ( 1967 ) Amazing sixties comedy with James Coburn as a psychologist hired to work with the president .
Under stress and increasingly paranoid , he goes on the run , and is chased by spies from every nation .
Then he teams up with a Russian agent to fight the real enemy , which you will never guess .
In the best scene , where a bunch of agents kill each other in a grassy field , the DVD version uses a Barry McGuire song , but I love the uncredited song in the VHS version .
Repo Man ( 1984 ) Another brillant silly film , and it has only improved with time .
The Wages of Fear ( 1953 ) Like Leone 's westerns , this is an action film with a political subtext made by an art film director .
A bunch of European expatriates are stuck in a crappy town in South America , without the money to leave .
Then an oil well fire gives four of them the chance to make a bunch of money by driving two trucks full of nitroglycerine over a series of obstacles .
The Conversation ( 1974 ) Between The Godfather and Apocalypse Now , Francis Ford Coppola made his most perfect film .
Gene Hackman plays a surveillance expert who records a conversation and gets caught in a murder plot .
Metropolitan ( 1990 ) I loved this when it came out .
Even on the first viewing it seemed drenched in nostalgia , as if I was one of the characters grown old and looking back on the best days of my life .
It 's about a group of prep school kids who are like the last members of a dying race .
Raised in a world of formality and intellect , they learn that they are powerless in the vulgar , hedonistic outside world .
This is a coming of age film in which coming of age is a metaphor for the decline of civilization !
The characters are introduced in formal dress at an elite party , and end the film hitchhiking .
Stroszek ( 1977 ) Werner Herzog once said , " America is the most exotic country in the world . "
You can see some of what he meant in this depressing film about three Germans who move to rural America .
The final shot , with the chickens , is so troubling that Herzog 's crew refused to film it and he had to do it himself .
Two Lane Blacktop ( 1971 ) Like Stroszek , this is a story of the emotional bleakness of the wide open spaces of America .
Rock stars James Taylor and Dennis Wilson play a driver and mechanic team who do amateur racing .
The driver never speaks while driving and the mechanic never speaks while working on the car .
None of the characters have names .
They pick up a girl , and then meet Warren Oates in a yellow GTO and agree to race him across the country .
Then , in a move that would be unthinkable ten years later , the characters and filmmakers all seem to forget about the race , and focus instead on the relationships .
Cutter 's Way ( 1981 )
The young Jeff Bridges is already playing his favorite role , a slacker who gets drawn into being a hero .
In this case , he helps a friend seek justice against a wealthy killer .
Atmospheric and vastly underrated .
Fight Club / The Matrix ( 1999 )
In the most important film of 1999 , a depressed corporate drone breaks free into a world that is more dirty and real .
There he leads a gang of violent revolutionaries , bombs an office building , and at the end , dies and comes back to life .
Ms.45 ( 1981 ) Abel Ferrara 's greatest film .
A mute woman gets raped twice in one day , flips out , kills the second rapist , and takes his gun , a huge .45 revolver .
Then she dresses up and goes out killing sleazy men with less and less of a good reason .
Bad Lieutenant ( 1992 ) Abel Ferrara 's other greatest film .
Chinatown ( 1974 )
Since the invention of test screenings , it is no longer possible for Hollywood to make a film with such a challenging ending .
Taxi Driver ( 1976 )
The weird happy ending only makes sense if Travis Bickle is dreaming it as he dies .
Groundhog Day ( 1993 )
The film that has made me feel most alive after Point Break .
The ending is bland and I do n't like Andie McDowell , but I wish there were a thousand films where someone is stuck in a time loop , and only one where a cop battles terrorists .
Because really there 's only one thing you can do with that , and there are all kinds of things that can be done with a time loop , and have n't .
Time Bandits ( 1981 )
The middle of the film is lame .
But the beginning is clever and promising -- my favorite bit is the TV game show " Your Money or Your Life " .
And the last 40 minutes , from the appearance of the Fortress of Ultimate Darkness to the end , is as good as anything ever put on the screen : exciting , beautiful , and totally bizarre , with a dark , trippy , unsettling ending that would be radical in any film , and is shocking in a film for kids .
Desperate Living ( 1977 )
The purest and most epic realization of John Waters ' artistic vision , and the trashiest .
Mink Stole gives my favorite performance that is technically bad acting .
Man Bites Dog ( 1992 ) Black comedy about a crew of documentary filmmakers who follow a serial killer .
This was the inspiration for the Tarantino script that Oliver Stone dumbed down into Natural Born Killers .
Dr. Strangelove ( 1964 ) Stanley Kubrick was a nerd in the best and worst sense : brainy , meticulous , but with a shallow understanding of human emotion that makes his serious films empty and sterile .
The deepest character in his whole career is HAL , the computer in 2001 ; and this , his greatest film , is a comedy .
Its view of the elite as blundering children is more interesting than the omnipotent menacing portrait in Eyes Wide Shut .
Mulholland Drive ( 2001 ) David Lynch 's one great film , maybe because he had to condense it down from a canceled TV series so it 's packed with his best ideas .
Interpretive SPOILER : the party is real and almost everything else is imaginary .
Stranger Than Paradise ( 1984 )
My generation 's Citizen Kane .
Everything radical about it has been imitated to the point that it seems normal , but when I first saw it in the 80's , I could n't stop thinking about it for days .
Meet The Feebles ( 1989 )
My favorite Peter Jackson film is a Muppet Show parody where the Muppets have the full human range of pathological emotions and disgusting bodily functions .
Inception ( 2010 )
The pace is too fast and there 's too much fighting , but I love the script .
Apparently , the best way to make an idea - heavy sci- fi film about not knowing what 's real , is not to adapt a Philip K Dick novel but to write something original .
Inception barely scratches the surface of the most powerful technology I can imagine , time - contracted virtual reality .
The Road Warrior ( 1981 ) Titled Mad Max 2 outside of America , this is the clearest example of a sequel that 's better than the original .
Also it 's a rare Mel Gibson film in which his character is not getting revenge for a murdered family member .
Ghost World ( 2001 ) Thora Birch plays my favorite female movie character , and I love the ending .
Welcome to the Dollhouse ( 1995 )
Of the many films about the American public school experience , this is the only one that gets it right ( except maybe Elephant , which I have n't seen yet ) .
The Doom Generation ( 1995 ) Asian - American director Gregg Araki combines genres in a way that 's normal in Asian films but that most Americans have not yet learned to appreciate .
There 's over - the - top violence , hot sex , silly comedy , and serious drama all mixed together .
Dishonored ( 1931 )
The best of seven films Marlene Dietrich made with director Josef von Sternberg .
A Fistful of Dollars ( 1964 )
My second favorite Sergio Leone film because it 's tighter and grittier than any of the others .
His later films are epic and beautiful , but clean and uninspired .
Being There ( 1979 )
In the most realistic film about American politics , Peter Sellers plays a mildly retarded man who becomes extremely powerful by being familiar with television and making vague statements on which people project deep meaning .
Life of Brian ( 1979 ) Holy Grail is the funniest Monty Python film , Meaning of Life is the most offensive , but this one is easily the best , with a great story and a great ending .
Diva ( 1981 ) Stylish French action / art film , with a great soundtrack .
My Mother 's Castle ( 1990 )
Another one of my favorite French films , the sequel to My Father 's Glory , which was good but not this good .
Grosse Point Blank ( 1997 )
No other American film does such a good job of merging comedy with serious violence .
My favorite bit : the look on Jeremy Piven 's face , after he 's seen John Cusack kill a brutal assassin and helped him dispose of the body , when they sit at the bar and Cusack orders a club soda .
The Saragossa Manuscript ( 1965 )
Polish film convincingly set in old Spain , in black and white yet bursting with life , with lots of beautiful women and human skulls , and a trippy plot of stories within stories , at one point nested five deep .
The Terminator ( 1984 ) I do n't like any of the sequels .
Of course they have better special effects , but the original has a much better story .
They Live ( 1988 ) Paranoid cult favorite , featuring the best fight scene in history , in which two characters played by pro wrestlers fight over whether one of them is going to have to put on sunglasses that show that modern civilization is an illusion created by parasitic space aliens .
The Truman Show ( 1998 ) A guy figures out that his whole reality is fabricated and tries to escape .
I like to think his name was chosen to suggest that we 're all in The Human Show .
The Innocents ( 1961 ) Classic horror film , slow - paced , atmospheric , and beautifully shot .
The script was adapted from Henry James 's The Turn of the Screw , largely by Truman Capote , and it keeps the source 's ambiguity about whether a nervous governess is seeing real ghosts or going insane .
The War of The Roses ( 1989 ) I 've read a lot of gothic literature .
Tim Burton is gothic lite , and this is the real deal .
The two protagonists meet in a graveyard , die in a falling chandelier , and in between we see selfishness , revenge , sex , stairways , attics , and beautiful red and blue filters .
In my favorite pair of shots , we see Michael Douglas 's deathlike face looking down from a small high window of the house , and then Kathleen Turner 's identical face at another window .
Go ( 1999 ) A funny , complex action - crime movie told from multiple perspectives .
I like it a bit better than Pulp Fiction -- it 's less epic but more human .
Pulp Fiction ( 1994 ) I do n't like Quentin Tarantino 's dialogue .
But this is radical and important for its creativity with storytelling .
Bruce Willis has just killed John Travolta , you think his story is over , and then Marcellus walks in front of his car and the plot goes off on the wildest tangent before or since .
Also , I can't think of any other action - comedy where a bystander gets hit in a gun battle .
Night of the Hunter ( 1955 ) The most beautiful black and white film .
Duel ( 1971 ) Steven Spielberg 's debut , and maybe his only film without anything sappy .
In a story by Richard Matheson , Dennis Weaver drives a little car across the desolate and hostile American southwest , chased by a killer truck .
Airplane ( 1980 )
If you know the difference between social laughter and genuine spontaneous laughter , this is unlikely to be surpassed as the funniest film of all time .
Hard Boiled ( 1992 ) John Woo's Hong Kong films were the biggest breath of fresh air in the gunfight genre since Sergio Leone .
One of my favorite things about Asian cinema is how they mix intense violence with playfulness and innocence , like the bit where the hero , fighting in a hospital , puts cotton in babies ' ears so they are n't disturbed by the gunfire .
Woo is also a great technical innovator .
He may have been the first director to use a variable - speed camera to switch in and out of slow motion in the same shot .
The Chronicles of Riddick ( 1999 ) My favorite Star Wars film .
What I mean is , it 's space opera on the surface , fantasy in the center , and it's not hard to do it better than George Lucas .
Runaway Train ( 1985 ) Bleak , existential , cheesy action film with great acting .
Chinese Torture Chamber Story ( 1994 )
One scene in this film , a flying kung - fu porn hybrid , has become famous on the internet , but the entire film is sexy and entertaining .
I saw it on a big screen at the Seattle Film Festival .
Freddy Got Fingered ( 2001 )
Okay , this is nowhere near one of the greatest films of all time .
What I 'm doing here at the bottom of the list is merging " best " with " most underrated " .
This is considered one of the worst films , but I found it totally enjoyable , and even inspiring .
Most people just did n't get it .
A .
You would need to convert an OST file into PST file in any of the following cases :
You need to access the emails from a mailbox that is deleted from Exchange
You are facing issues while synchronizing Outlook with Exchange Server
You need to migrate the email organization to a different platform
You need to recreate or rebuild the OST file in case of an Exchange Server crash / disaster
You are facing difficulty with Outlook Import / Export Wizard
You need to change the location of the offline Outlook Data File ( .ost ) in Microsoft Outlook
You need to move Outlook OST file to another disk
Or facing an error while accessing OST file –
In response to the state government 's attempt to use the crisis as en excuse for rolling back public services - including tuition increases of 32 % at the UC system - students and workers struck and occupied across the state of California , as did their counterparts at colleges in New York and 30 other states , defying efforts to corral the movement into after - work rallies or " dialogues " at the Capitol .
One of the most striking facts about the breadth of the action on March 4 was the popularity of radical action in areas with very little history of struggle .
Students across the UC system were consciously referring to their activity as a strike and attempting to shut down their campuses , not just at the " activist " campuses of Berkeley , LA , and Santa Cruz , but also at San Diego , Irvine and Riverside ( all in the heart of suburban Southern California ) , Santa Barbara ( notorious as a party school ) and Davis ( the agricultural campus , located in " The Tomato Capitol of the World " ) .
According to Occupy California ( occupyca.wordpress.com ) , each of these campuses saw at least several hundred students attempting to shut down the functioning of the university and , in many cases , to spread the disruption off campus .
At Santa Cruz pre-dawn picket lines closed the entrances to the campus and were held even against violent attempts by drivers to break through , including one attempt by the driver of a Prius that broke a picket 's leg .
Many campus workers , instead of getting angry at another " student protest " , respected the strike by joining the picket lines or by defying supervisors ( and police escorts ) and claiming that they could n't get through the picket lines .
In Oakland , around 1000 students from Berkeley joined students and teachers from public schools , community colleges , and CSUs for a mid-day rally at City Hall .
The marchers managed to get onto Interstate 880 , a freeway going through the most working - class sections of Oakland , where 150 were arrested .
At Irvine and Davis hundreds of students shut down their campuses and then moved to shut down surrounding traffic - in Davis the marchers then moved to occupy Interstate 80 ( the main artery to nearby Sacramento ) , but after overcoming several lines of police using batons and shooting pepper balls , were eventually prevented .
Similar strike attempts occurred at other UC campuses , as well as many campuses of the California State University .
There were simultaneous actions at universities in 31 other states , including at several branches of the CUNY and SUNY systems in New York .
Take The City reports an occupation at SUNY Purchase , as well as demonstrations and walk - outs at Brooklyn College , CUNY Hunter , and the CUNY Graduate Center .
The movement is spreading and echoing quicker than anyone expected .
Capital demands its pound of flesh and , in so doing , creates its own gravediggers .
The students are not relying on any existing organizations for leadership but are spontaneously creating General Assemblies to strategize .
By consciously referring to the movement as a strike and by attempting to spread off campus students are showing an implicit consciousness that this is not simply about ' defending education ' , but is about refusing to pay for the crisis created by the contradictions of capitalism .
In order to move forward , the strike movement is going to have to spread - students will have to make links with workers , such as the 15,000 municipal workers who are receiving pink slips in San Francisco today , and they will have to encourage the workers to form general assemblies or general strike committees , instead of relying on the established unions that will divide the workers and prevent a general strike .
More to come ...
" If the Ferrari president is right about the Singapore grand prix being a circus , then we have to be grateful to him for providing the clowns "
-- Oct. 2008 , Daily Mail , F1 Boss Bernie Ecclestone after negative comments by Ferrari boss Luca di Montezemolo regarding Singapore
No surprises in the Pie Conference : Boston Cream got , uh , creamed by heavy - hitter Pumpkin .
But the Cake Conference was a squeaker : German Chocolate just barely beat Coffee .
But today 's matchups are , ahem , no cakewalk ( I 'm on a roll here ) .
Advertisement
[ The original bracket and tournament guidelines are available here . ]
Advertisement
We 're now halfway through the Sweetest Sixteen , with no upsets .
Today , perhaps , everything will change — what 's black will be white , what 's old will be new .
Will the sentimentality of # 6 Wedding Cake overcome the bloody deliciousness of # 3 Red Velvet ?
Will the tartness of # 3 Key Lime
Pie fall prey to the fruity favors of # 6 Blueberry ?
Only you can decide .
Voting is below ; be sure to scroll and vote in both matchups .
Per usual , polls close on 3/31 at 1:55 pm EDT .
Vote with your hearts , your minds , your stomachs !
President Obama certainly showed leadership mettle in going against his own party ’s base and ordering a troop surge into Afghanistan .
He is going to have to be even more tough - minded , though , to make sure his policy is properly executed .
I ’ve already explained why I oppose this escalation .
But since the decision has been made  and I do not want my country to fail or the Obama presidency to sink in Afghanistan  here are some thoughts on how to reduce the chances that this ends badly .
Let ’s start by recalling an insight that President John F. Kennedy shared in a Sept. 2 , 1963 , interview with Walter Cronkite :
Cronkite : “ Mr. President , the only hot war we ’ve got running at the moment is , of course , the one in Vietnam , and we have our difficulties there . ”
Kennedy : “ I do n’t think that unless a greater effort is made by the [ Vietnamese ] government to win popular support that the war can be won out there .
In the final analysis , it is their war .
They are the ones who have to win it or lose it .
We can help them ; we can give them equipment ; we can send our men out there as advisers .
But they have to win it , the people of Vietnam , against the Communists .
We are prepared to continue to assist them , but I do n’t think that the war can be won unless the people support the effort and , in my opinion , in the last two months , the [ Vietnamese ] government has gotten out of touch with the people . ... ”
Cronkite : “ Do you think this government still has time to regain the support of the people ? ”
Kennedy : “ I do .
With changes in policy and perhaps with personnel I think it can .
If it does n’t make those changes , the chances of winning it would not be very good . ”
[ Company -> Article ] - More info on Company : Bethesda v. Interplay
Duck and Cover has obtained Interplay 's latest filing in the ongoing legal struggle between Interplay and Bethesda .
The filing is confusingly called " Interplay Entertainments Corp . 's Memorandum of Points and Authorities in Reply to the Opposition of Bethesda Softworks , LLC to its Motion for Attorney 's Fees and Costs ; Declaration of Rochelle A. Herzog . "
For those who have no idea what that means , this filing is basically a document detailing why Interplay says it deserves its court fees from Bethesda , as well as how they say Bethesda is basically the evil Empire .
Here are the general points that Interplay makes :
Bethesda's Statement of Facts Contains Inaccuracies
Bethesda's Actions Reflect Bad Faith
Interplay is a " Prevailing Party "
The Attorney 's Fees Requested Are Reasonable and Consistent With the Court 's Standards
The document itself is 23 pages long , and I 've gone through and highlighted the most relevant and interesting points .
From what Interplay says , it seems that Bethesda opposed Interplay 's first motion for court fee reimbursement , arguing basically the same things which the court struck down in the Preliminary Injunction hearing .
For example , Bethesda said that Interplay did not deserve the fees because " Interplay had not secured any kind of financing for the [ Fallout ] MMOG ... within the required two year period and its license automatically terminated . "
Interplay argues that not only had they already presented evidence of a financing arrangement that was made within the timeframe , but that the entire argument is without merit in this motion for attorneys ' fees : " In any event , Interplay 's Motion is unrelated to Interplay 's financing for the MMOG or Interplay 's financial circumstances .
The Motion is based solely on Interplay 's successful defense of Bethesda 's PI [ Preliminary Injunction ] Motion . "
Interplay also claims that : " not only was the preliminary injunction unnecessary and pursued in bad faith , Bethesda 's filing of the lawsuit is a bad faith attempt to deny Interplay the merchandising rights to which its entitled under the Asset Purchase Agreement ( " APA " ) and the MMOG rights it is entitled to under the Trademark Licensing Agreement ( " TLA " ) .
This means they believe Bethesda never intended to honor any part of their agreement with Interplay .
Interplay provides more claims that Bethesda is trying to bully them into submission - basically bleeding them dry : " Bethesda continued to pursue the PI Motion while continuously emphasizing Interplay 's negative financial situation .
Bethesda was keenly aware that Interplay could not fund expensive , protracted litigation .
However , even after discovery was conducted and Bethesda knew it could not prevail because it had insufficient evidence to carry its burden of proof , it nevertheless continued to press for the injunction which it knew would increase the expense of litigation and delay the case . "
There is quite a bit of legal precedent that Interplay 's lawyer cites , and I found this one to be interesting : " Bethesda 's oppressive litigation tactics qualify this case as " exceptional " thereby entitling Interplay to attorney 's fees and costs under the Lanham Act as the prevailing party . "
Now for meaty bits : " The same arguments made before the Court at the hearing of Bethesda 's PI Motion are reiterated in the Opposition [ to Interplay 's request for court fees ] and have no more merit now than they did on December 10 , 2009 .
Interplay disputes many of the alleged " facts " asserted in Bethesda 's Opposition .
More specifically :
Interplay did not forfeit its rights to use the Fallout mark upon termination of the Trademark Licensing Agreement ( " TLA " ) as alleged by Bethesda , because it did not breach the TLA and hence , no termination occurred .
Since there was no breach , Interplay did not forfeit its rights and could not have infringed the Fallout mark . "
...
" Interplay contends that Bethesda has evidence ongoing bad faith in connection with the PI Motion and that the entire lawsuit is an attempt to deny Interplay the benefits of the APA merchandising rights and the TLA MMOG rights . "
The basic major argument from Interplay is that despite not having a case , Bethesda still continued with the lawsuit in order to bleed Interplay dry through legal fees .
It will be very interesting to see how the court decides here .
Rest assured that the decision , no matter which way , will have no effect on the development and scheduled release of Fallout : New Vegas .
Emergency officials said everyone has been accounted for and no one was injured Sunday after a large section of roof collapsed at a suburban Pittsburgh ice rink .
The collapse at the 5,000 - seat rink in Rostraver , Pa. , came during a children 's hockey tournament involving teams from the U.S. and Canada .
There was confusion after the collapse , with people unaccounted for , and authorities carefully searched the building using cadaver dogs and infrared cameras before declaring that everyone was safe .
Rostraver Central Fire Department assistant chief Justin Shawley said no one was found in the damaged building .
Mike Stangroom , director of operations for Rostraver West Newton Emergency Services , said he does n't know how many people were in the Rostraver Ice Garden , about 50 kilometres southeast of Pittsburgh , when a 30 - by - 60 - metre section of it collapsed about 3:30 p.m. ET Sunday .
A children 's team from Ajax , Ont. , was competing in the tournament .
Sherri Desroches , vice - president of Ajax Minor Hockey , identified it as the Ajax Knights Tyke White team .
" These little boys are seven and eight years old .
Tykes are pretty tiny , " Desroches said .
Team from Ajax , Ont. , unhurt
She said she received a text message Sunday evening from the coach , Gary Maclean , advising her that all 18 children were safe and unhurt and were on their way home .
A team of six - to eight - year - olds from Erie , Pa. , was in the locker room celebrating a victory when they were told to get out of the rink , according to the website GoErie.com .
Parent Mark Natemeier and coach Chris Shearer said the roof made popping noises and sounds like sticks breaking before it came down , giving people time to get out of the rink .
Erie Hockey Association president Jeff Cross said everyone from his team was accounted for and escaped injury .
Kids had just left ice
Coach Maclean said it was fortunate that his Ajax team missed its scoring chances late in the game , since a goal likely would have meant overtime .
" The last couple of minutes we had a lot of chances to tie the game , and if we had tied the game the kids likely would 've been on the ice when the roof caved in , " Maclean said .
He said the team had just left the ice for the dressing room when a parent rushed in , screaming that the roof was caving in .
The children had only minutes to leave the building , as they charged for the doors while the old structure crumbled behind them .
" It sounded like the pressure crack on a lake , but it was very , very loud , and as the roof caved in it displaced a lot of air , " Maclean said .
" With my son in my hand , the pressure of the wind basically lifted me and pushed me out the door , that was the force of it , " he said .
Maclean said the children were crying , and clinging to parents who were relieved once they realized everyone escaped unharmed .
" A lot of people are really shaken up , a lot of the kids are shaken up .
My own son has been traumatized by the whole thing , " he said .
The cause of the collapse has n't been determined , but the area was reported to have received a heavy snowfall .
Although Ubuntu is generally regarded as a desktop Linux distribution , the sever variant is becoming increasingly popular in the cloud .
It is silently infiltrating server rooms and gaining traction in enterprise environments .
A recent survey published by Canonical provides some insight into adoption trends of Ubuntu on production servers .
As Ubuntu 's presence in the server space grows , it is showing up in some unexpected places .
Weta Digital , the New Zealand company that did the special effects for Lord of the Rings and some of the 3D rendering for Avatar , reportedly runs Ubuntu on its 35,000 - core render farm and virtually all of its desktop computers .
The Wikimedia Foundation , the organization behind the popular Wikipedia website , rolled out Ubuntu on 400 of its servers in 2008 .
We even use Ubuntu ourselves on several of the key servers that power the Ars Orbiting HQ .
One of the factors that is potentially driving Ubuntu adoption on servers is the pricing model .
Canonical makes Ubuntu updates available for free , but also offers commercial support as a separate service .
As companies that deploy Linux cultivate better in - house support capabilities , they want commercial Linux support options that are more granular and less expensive .
Some of the major Linux companies like Red Hat have been slow to respond to that demand , creating an opportunity for alternatives like Ubuntu and CentOS to gain traction .
We looked at this phenomenon in 2008 when Ubuntu was beginning its ascent on servers .
It 's worth noting , however , that the Linux server market is big enough to accommodate a plurality of players with very different models .
Canonical is still a small fry and wo n't be displacing the reigning incumbents in the immediate future .
Even though companies that want to decouple support costs from updates are starting to shy away from Red Hat , it 's pretty clear from Red Hat 's latest impressive quarterly earnings that there is no shortage of companies for whom its current offerings are still highly desirable .
One way in which Canonical is aiming to differentiate its server offerings is by emphasizing Ubuntu 's support for the cloud .
In the Ubuntu server survey , Canonical cites statistics from Cloud Market which show that Ubuntu is the most popular platform on Amazon 's Elastic Compute Cluster ( EC2 ) , representing over 30 percent of all EC2 platform images .
Cloud Market also has a timeline that shows the usage rates of various platforms on EC2 since May 2009 .
The chart shows a trend of massive and rapid growth for Ubuntu starting in October 2009 .
This correlates with the release of Ubuntu 9.10 , the first version of Ubuntu for which official Amazon EC2 images were made available .
Although EC2 is relatively popular , there are some workloads for which it is not a particularly good value and there are a lot of companies that are unwilling to entrust sensitive data to a third - party provider .
When consulting firm McKinsey & Company tackled these issues last year , they pointed out that companies for whom EC2 is a poor fit can still improve cost - efficiency by using virtualization technologies to boost server utilization in in - house data centers .
One potential solution is Eucalyptus , an open source framework that allows companies to create their own self - hosted elastic compute clusters .
Eucalyptus is built to be interoperable with EC2 APIs , which means that it is largely compatible with tools that are designed to work with Amazon 's cloud .
The researchers behind Eucalyptus launched a company last year with the aim of commercializing the technology .
They recently brought in Marten Mickos , former head of MySQL , to be the new CEO .
Eucalyptus is said to be a compelling option for companies that want to have elastic computing capabilities in their own data centers .
Canonical uses the Eucalyptus technology as the foundation of its Ubuntu Enterprise Cloud ( UEC ) package , which allows companies to roll out a private Ubuntu - based cloud .
Canonical sells a number of services on top of UEC , including consulting , training , support , and management tools .
Canonical is building a roster of partners to boost the strength of UEC .
In an announcement earlier this week , Canonical revealed that Dell will offer UEC software and technical support with several enterprise hardware packages .
The bundle will be based on the upcoming Ubuntu 10.04 , a long - term support release .
" Behind the scenes we 've worked with Dell 's DCS team for over six months to test and validate the integration of the [ Ubuntu ] cloud stack on their new PowerEdge - C series , " wrote Canonical global alliances director Mark Murphy in a statement .
" This is the first major offering of a true open source Cloud solution backed by a major corporate vendor . "
The cloud is playing an increasingly central role in Canonical 's evolving business strategy .
The company 's commitment to UEC and Ubuntu 's popularity on EC2 are both clearly growing .
At the same time , Canonical is attempting to monetize the desktop with its integrated Ubuntu One cloud service .
As Canonical climbs towards profitability , the cloud - centric strategy could give it a lift .
The oldest pro wrestling trope in the book , nailing an opponent with a folding chair , could be no more in the WWE .
Why ?
Politics , as usual .
Advertisement
Maybe wrestling 's not a sport , but that does n't less the risk of injury for the performers .
And the rising tide of concussion awareness has lifted even the WWE 's boat .
In 2008 they adopted a concussion management program , which includes this :
The WWE penalizes through fine and / or suspension the following :
– The intentional use of a folding metal chair to " strike " an opponent in the head .
Advertisement
That 's obviously laughable , since it pretends to punish wrestlers as if they grab ringside chairs of their own accord , rather than as part of a script .
But no one made a big deal , until Linda McMahon 's Senate run .
Rob Simmons , vying for the GOP nomination with McMahon , called her out , asking if she would be testifying at state hearings on a bill to prevent concussions among student athletes .
Her wrestling organization , he said , is setting a poor example .
It was a bit of showmanship on his part , but an effective one : the WWE changed its policy regarding chairshots .
In January 2010 , WWE amended its Talent Wellness Program , specifically regarding the ImPACT ™ Concussion Management Program originally instituted in 2008 , eliminating the use of folding chairs or props to " strike " an opponent in the head , '' [ spokesman Robert ] Zimmerman said in an email .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Thankfully , the new regulations do not cover 2x4s , coconuts , shillelaghs , trash cans , ladders , mannequin heads , or Singapore canes .
Tables , Ladders and Chairs [ Hartford Courant ]
A new poll reports half of New York voters support legalizing the use of marijuana for medical purposes .
The Siena Research Institute shows 50 percent back legalization , while 41 percent are opposed and 9 percent say they do n’t have enough information .
Pollster Steven Greenberg pointed out demographic divisions in the results , with 72 percent support among those who consider themselves liberal , 62 percent among those 18 to 34 , and 55 percent among Democrats .
“ Half of New York voters support legalizing the use of medical marijuana in New York , while 41 percent oppose it , ” Greenberg said .
“ Democrats and independents , downstaters , young , white and Jewish voters support it .
Republicans , upstaters , older voters , and African American , Catholic and Protestant voters oppose it . ”
Opposition includes 61 percent of those who consider themselves conservative , 59 percent of Republicans and 48 percent of those 55 and older .
The poll released Monday surveyed 810 registered voters last Monday through Thursday .
It has a margin of error of 3.4 percentage points .
In January , former New Jersey Gov. Jon Corzine signed a bill that made New Jersey the 14th state in the country to legalize marijuana for medical use .
The law does not permit people to grow marijuana privately , but allows certain patients to buy up to 2 ounces per month at state - monitored dispensaries .
– Article from The Associated Press .
Heya and welcome to yet another PARPG news update !
This is a just a mini update to yesterday ’s release announcement .
My permanent departure
I ’m sorry to say so but it turned out that I wo n’t have more free time on my hands in April .
There have been changes in real life and I simply do n’t have the time and the energy to continue my job in project management .
That ’s why I ’ve decided to ship this first techdemo release of PARPG and retire after that .
The reason why I ’m announcing my departure now , is that the increased public interest due the recent release hopefully helps to find a new maintainer for the project .
I do still strongly believe in the concept of an old school isometric 2d RPG but unfortunately time for me has run out .
Unfortunately not many of the formerly involved devs are still active at this point .
But I ’m sure that a new project manager can find a new interested developers for such a project .
Lessons learned articles
In case I got some free time on my hands in the next weeks , I ’ll start to post a couple of personal lessons learned articles at a new blog .
The articles will cover my experiences working on PARPG : what turned out to be working well , what did n’t work out at all , what could have been done better or tackled from a different angle .
Hopefully these articles are useful for everyone who works in a similar field in a software project .
They hopefully turn out to be even more useful for everyone who considers to pick up and revive this project .
PARPG infrastructure
To increase the chances that somebody actually picks up the project , I ’ll leave the entire infrastructure ( blog , forums , wiki , trac , svn , etc. ) in place for at least another full year .
I ’ll pay for the hosting and will be around and do my best to support anyone willing to take over .
Maintainer / project manager tasks
In case you wondered what kind of tasks a maintainer / project manager would have to take care of , take a look at this list at the wiki .
Ways to contact me
In case you want to discuss becoming the new maintainer of the project , feel free to contact me via IRC or email .
That ’s all concerning PARPG for today .
Not sure who will post the next update at this blog .
In case we ca n’t find a new maintainer for the project soon , the next update will be prolly the first lessons learned article mentioned above .
Neues Corona - Symptom identifiziert
Forscher finden immer mehr über das Coronavirus heraus .
Zwei Studien zeigen nun ein neues Symptom , das mit einer Infektion zusammenhängen könnte .
So erkennt man es »
India and Russia today signed a nuclear co-operation agreement , which paves the way for the building of about a dozen nuclear reactors in India , with Russian help , over the next few decades .
The agreement came at the end of talks between Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin and his Indian counterpart , Manmohan Singh , in New Delhi .
" We are building a strategic partnership with India in the nuclear sector , " Putin told business leaders in a video conference earlier .
No exact figures on construction of nuclear reactors were immediately available but last December Russia 's nuclear energy chief , Sergei Kiriyenko , had said Moscow would build up to 20 reactors at three sites in India .
Singh said the two sides had completed several important defence co-operation projects , emphasising that ties between the cold war allies remained close .
" We regard Russia as a trusted and reliable strategic partner , " he said .
The two countries signed a $ 1.5 bn ( £ 1 bn ) deal for Russia to sell MiG - 29 K aircraft carrier - based fighter jets to India , with the first deliveries to begin in 2012 .
The leaders also agreed to intensify their consultations on Afghanistan in tackling the challenges posed by terrorism and extremism in the region , Singh said .
Earlier , Putin told the business leaders that the activities of extremist groups in Afghanistan and Pakistan were a " matter of worry for the entire region and the whole world " .
" Parts of Afghanistan 's soil continue to be used by terror groups .
We understand the concerns of India regarding the activities of banned outfits in Pakistan , " he said .
Other agreements signed Friday included one on the production of satellite navigation systems and others relating to hydrocarbons and the energy sectors , officials said .
Putin also held talks today with India 's President Pratibha Patil and ruling Congress party leader Sonia Gandhi .
Discussions between Putin and Singh focussed on strengthening the decades - old bilateral ties between the two countries and examined ways to take them forward as India 's burgeoning economy is courted by other players .
India remains one of the world 's biggest arms importers and a top Russian arms client , with Moscow supplying nearly 70 % of New Delhi 's military hardware .
Putin said Russia was pursuing technical military co-operation with India that included joint work on a next - generation fighter jet .
The two sides further signed a series of agreements marking the end of a protracted dispute over the cost of refurbishing a Soviet - built aircraft carrier , the Admiral Gorshkov , for the Indian navy .
OK , I finally got around to reading Douglas Holtz - Eakin ’s op - ed on health care reform .
It ’s much worse than I thought ; time to scratch Holtz - Eakin off my shrinking list of reasonable , reasonably honest conservatives .
How bad is it ?
Holtz - Eakin declares that
Gimmick No. 1 is the way the bill front - loads revenues and backloads spending .
That is , the taxes and fees it calls for are set to begin immediately , but its new subsidies would be deferred so that the first 10 years of revenue would be used to pay for only 6 years of spending .
I think that ’s what is technically known as a “ lie ” .
Holtz - Eakin , of all people , knows how to read a CBO report .
So he ’s perfectly capable of looking at the actual report ( pdf ) and seeing that the revenues , like the costs , are minimal for the first four years .
Here ’s the chart :
CBO
His implication that there ’s funny business going on is totally false , and he knows it .
Wait , it gets worse : Holtz - Eakin implies that there are hidden , delayed costs :
Consider , too , the fate of the $ 70 billion in premiums expected to be raised in the first 10 years for the legislation ’s new long - term health care insurance program .
This money is counted as deficit reduction , but the benefits it is intended to finance are assumed not to materialize in the first 10 years , so they appear nowhere in the cost of the legislation .
Claims that the plan is window - dressed to look good in its first decade only to go sour later might sound plausible – except for the fact that the CBO projects bigger deficit - reduction in the second decade of the reform than in the first decade , something that would n’t happen if lots of costs were being hidden by being pushed off into the future .
That said , we do learn something important from Holtz - Eakin ’s article .
If this is the best critique a conservative budget wonk can come up with – if deliberately misrepresenting how the legislation works is the only way to make it seem irresponsible – then the bill must be pretty sound in fiscal terms .
The following correction was printed in the Guardian 's Corrections and clarifications column , Saturday 17 April 2010
This news feature reported that few people went to see a new Uma Thurman film , Motherhood , during its UK opening weekend .
Trying to analyse why , it reported the producer , Jana Edelbaum , as saying she intended to demand an explanation from Metrodome , the company responsible for UK marketing of the film .
However , Metrodome and Jana Edelbaum have asked us to make clear that , contrary to the conclusion which our story went on to draw from this , no " bitter confrontation " between the two had taken place .
Metrodome also notes that a launch method was discussed between them , and that a preview screening shortly before the release date – mentioned in the piece as a sign of nervousness – followed routine preview practice in its timing and in the type of audience feedback sought
It should have been a red carpet event .
When just one British cinema was given exclusive permission to launch Uma Thurman 's new film earlier this month , the film 's producers presumably hoped that exclusivity would create a buzz around the movie .
Though limiting the release would obviously limit takings , they must have hoped word of mouth could make it a slow - burning success .
But the tactic backfired catastrophically .
Instead of audiences queueing round the block of the Apollo West End in Piccadilly Circus , London , to see the star of Pulp Fiction and Kill Bill , they stayed away in record - breaking numbers .
Over its opening weekend , no more than a dozen people went to see Motherhood , a semi-autobiographical account of stressed - out Manhattan parenting written and directed by Katherine Dieckmann .
The film made just £ 88 on the weekend of Friday 5 March .
On its debut Sunday , box office takings were £ 9 , meaning one person bought a ticket .
The disaster has now degenerated into a bitter confrontation between Metrodrome , responsible for marketing the film in the UK , and producer Jana Edelbaum , who blames the company for Motherhood 's atrocious performance .
The film , thought to have cost $ 5 m to make , earned just over £ 40,000 when it opened in the US last October , but Edelbaum had no idea quite how badly it had performed in the UK until contacted this week by the Guardian .
" You 're kidding ? " she said .
" We must have broken a new record for grosses . "
Edelbaum is adamant that Metrodome must be to blame , and insisted that she would demand a full explanation .
" Think how much crap succeeds at the cinema , " she said .
" Motherhood is not bad .
It 's a very decent movie .
I 've seen movies that are not half as good . "
In fact , Motherhood , which also features Minnie Driver , Anthony Edwards and a cameo by Jodie Foster , cannot lay claim to the dubious title of Britain 's lowest - ever grossing film on its opening weekend : that honour is taken by My Nikifor , the 2007 film about Polish artist Nikifor Krynicki , which took just £ 7 on its launch .
But it has , according to the veteran film critic Barry Norman , confounded expectations of quite how resounding a flop a mainstream film featuring a bona fide star can be .
" Good God .
I have never heard of anything like this before , " he said .
" This is not some small , independent movie .
It 's astonishing that only about 11 people could be bothered to go and see Uma Thurman .
" The reviews were very poor indeed but that alone is n't enough to explain this .
It 's a reasonable assumption that there was a marketing and advertising catastrophe , and people did n't know it was showing .
But it should have attracted more than 11 people in passing trade alone .
Apollo cinemas , after all , are n't in tucked - away places .
They 're all prominently located .
I 'm baffled . "
The Apollo cinema chain – which later briefly screened the film in Burnley , Fareham , Redditch , Stroud and Altrincham – failed to return calls from the Guardian .
But Metrodrome , which has manoeuvred films including Monster , Donnie Darko and The Counterfeiters to financial and critical success , defended its approach in the week after the launch .
" Over the course of the week leading up to Mother 's Day we also released the film on DVD , video on demand , and pay per view so customers could choose how to watch the film , " the company said .
" Inevitably some films will work better on some platforms than others .
In this particular case the DVD was stronger than the theatrical result .
" It is important that experimentation is encouraged at a time when the entire film industry is in transition , " the statement continued .
" We all need to adapt to new models of distribution in the future and discover new opportunities . "
There were , however , signs that Metrodrome had already begun to suffer a lack of confidence in Motherhood before it was premiered .
At the beginning of the month , 70 tickets were given away to members of the website Mumsnet for a special screening at which they were asked to give detailed responses .
" Interested to know why the company wanted opinion on the film so close to its general release ? " queried one after the screening , to which fewer than 20 of the winners went .
" It is proper pants .
In fact it 's one of the rare movies I did n't stay until the end for . "
But Edelbaum defended the film : " Our effort was noble .
It 's a love letter about how difficult it is to be a mum and an individual , and have an identity outside of that .
I think we have proved that mothers are too busy to have fun .
That they are overstretched and overburdened by the difficulties of their job . "
Others , however , disagreed .
" It 's a yummy - mummy newspaper column splurged onto celluloid , like baby sick on your best cashmere sweater , " said Ellen E Jones on film review website , Total Films .
" This whiny drivel makes me ashamed to be a woman , " said Wendy Ide on the website Rotten Tomatoes – which gave the film a rock - bottom 20 % Tomatometer success rating .
Edelbaum admitted she dreaded telling Dieckmann , who also directed the 2006 comedy drama Diggers , how badly Motherhood had gone down in the UK .
The film was , she said , a labour of love that had " taken up many years " of Dieckmann 's life .
" I ca n't bear to ring her and tell her , " Edelbaum admitted .
" I 'm a producer ; I 've got a thick skin but , well , she 's a creative . "
The film is no longer being shown at a single cinema across Britain .
Indeed , it has sunk so quickly and untraceably that , back at the Apollo West End , it has not even left a ripple .
The woman behind the popcorn counter in Piccadilly Circus did n't remember the screening at all .
" It 's very strange , " she admitted .
" Even if I 'm not paying attention to what 's being screened here , I can usually tell you every film because customers talk to each other and the names just stick in your head .
But I 'm sure I 've never heard that one being mentioned . "
The man selling tickets also had no memory .
" Have you got the right cinema ? " he asked , looking puzzled .
" There 's another cinema down the road – perhaps it was on there instead ? "
Hollywood 's greatest flops
Can there be any sweeter justice than some bloated Hollywood mega- production going down in flames at the box office ?
Whisper them quietly , because mention
The names of films such as Cutthroat Island ( $ 104 m loss ) , The Adventures of Pluto Nash ( $ 112 m loss ) and – still the biggest – Sahara ( $ 121 m loss ) are enough to turn the blood of any studio executive to ice .
Of course , every film is a risk , but some you suspect are asking for it .
When word got out that the Unification Church had financed Inchon ( $ 40 m loss ) in 1981 , audiences stayed away in droves .
Ben Affleck and Jennifer Lopez had so irritated filmgoers with their public romance that their co-starring vehicle Gigli ( $ 66 m loss ) did n't have a chance .
John Travolta chose to get artistic with Scientology , and the resulting film , Battlefield Earth ( $ 43 m loss ) became the focus for distaste with the movement as a whole .
Some are more than just financial duds ; they bring down entire studios .
The champion is Heaven 's Gate : it sent United Artists into bankruptcy and ended the artistic flowering of the Hollywood new wave after losing $ 40 m , a frightening sum for 1980 .
Cutthroat Island did for Carolco , the outfit behind Rambo and Terminator 2 .
In our modest British way , 1980s powerhouse Goldcrest collapsed after releasing three duds in 1985 and 1986 : Revolution , The Mission and Absolute Beginners .
More recently , the All Saints vehicle Honest did for the 1990s Britfilm revival , earning only £ 111,000 in its first week after costing £ 3 m to make .
Motherhood is not likely to have such seismic effects , and in any case , the distributors will have an eye on the DVD market ; it will have been stuck in cinemas as a loss leader generating publicity ahead of Mother 's Day .
But it 's got nothing on a 2006 independent film , Zyzzyx Road , which is generally held to have the lowest box office result of all time .
It was released briefly in one Texas cinema , and took the grand sum of $ 30 .
Andrew Pulver
• This article was amended on 29 March 2010 .
The original named Atrincham as Altringham .
This has been corrected .
1. Iraqs government openly praised the September 11th attacks on America
In the aftermath of the attacks on America that killed thousands of innocents from 80 countries , Saddam Hussein said ,  America is reaping the thorns planted by its rulers in the world . 
2 . Iraq shelters and supports terrorist organizations Iraq shelters and supports terrorist organizations that direct violence against Iran , Israel , and Western governments .
Al Qaeda terrorists escaped from Afghanistan and are known to be in Iraq .
In 1993 , Iraq attempted to assassinate the Emir of Kuwait and a former U.S. President .
3 . Saddam Hussein has an appetite for nuclear weapons
In 1995 , after four years of deception , Iraq finally admitted it had a crash nuclear weapons program prior to the Gulf War .
Were it not for that war , the regime in Iraq would likely have possessed a nuclear weapon no later than 1993 .
Iraq still employs capable nuclear scientists and technicians and retains physical infrastructure needed to build a nuclear weapon .
Iraq has made several attempts to buy high - strength aluminum tubes used to enrich uranium for a nuclear weapon .
4 . Saddam likely possesses biological and chemical weapons United Nations ' inspections revealed that Iraq likely maintains stockpiles of VX , mustard and other chemical agents , and that the regime is rebuilding and expanding facilities capable of producing chemical weapons .
On at least 10 occasions , Saddam Husseins military forces have attacked Iranian and Kurdish targets with combinations of mustard gas and nerve agents through the use of aerial bombs , 122 - millimeter rockets , and conventional artillery shells .
Iraq has admitted to producing tens of thousands of liters of anthrax and other deadly biological agents for use with Scud warheads , aerial bombs , and aircraft spray tanks .
U.N. inspectors believe Iraq has produced two to four times the amount of biological agents it declared , and has failed to account for more than three metric tons of material that could be used to produce biological weapons .
Iraq is expanding and improving facilities that were used for the production of biological weapons .
5 . Saddams repression of the Iraqi people
In the late 1980s Saddam Hussein launched a large - scale chemical weapons attack against Iraqs Kurdish population killing thousands .
Former UN Human Rights Special Rapporteur Max Van der Stoels report in April 1998 stated that Iraq had executed at least 1,500 people during the previous year for political reasons .
Tens of thousands of political opponents and ordinary citizens have been subjected to arbitrary arrest and imprisonment , summary execution , and torture by beating and burning , electric shock , starvation , mutilation , and rape .
Wives are tortured in front of their husbands , children in the presence of their parents .
Saddam blames the suffering of Iraq 's people on the U.N. , even as he uses his oil wealth to build lavish palaces for himself , and buy arms for his country .
6 . Saddams Abuse of Children Child labor persists and there are instances of forced labor .
There are widespread reports that food and medicine that could have been made available to the general public , including children , have been stockpiled in warehouses or diverted for the personal use of some government officials .
Saddam has held military training camps for children between 10 and 15 years of age .
7 . Violence against women Human rights organizations and opposition groups received reports of women who suffered from severe psychological trauma after being raped by Iraqi personnel while in custody .
Amnesty International reported that , in October 2000 , the Iraqi Government executed dozens of women accused of prostitution .
8 . Iraq has not returned prisoners
In 1991 , the U.N. Security Council demanded that Iraq return all prisoners from Kuwait and other lands .
Iraq 's regime agreed .
It broke its promise .
Last year the Secretary General 's high - level coordinator for this issue reported that Kuwait , Saudi , Indian , Syrian , Lebanese , Iranian , Egyptian , Bahraini , and Omani nationals remain unaccounted for -- more than 600 people .
One American pilot is among them .
9 . Saddam possesses prohibited missiles Iraq possesses a force of Scud - type missiles with ranges beyond the 150 kilometers permitted by the U.N.
Work at testing and production facilities shows that Iraq is building more long - range missiles that it can use to inflict mass death throughout the region .
10 .
Weapons inspectors have been shut out of Iraq for four years
It 's been almost four years since the last U.N. inspectors set foot in Iraq , four years for the Iraqi regime to plan , build , and test behind the cloak of secrecy .
The first time we may be completely certain Saddam Hussein has a nuclear weapon is when , God forbids , he uses one .
NOTE : More information on the dangers Saddam Hussein poses can be found in  A Decade of Defiance . 
Natural gas crystals : Energy under the sea
On the left , a core sample from India showing crystalized natural gas .
On the right , unlocking its energy .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
It looks like ice -- but this ice could one day be used to heat your home .
It 's actually not ice at all , but crystallized natural gas , and if scientists can figure out how to harvest it cheaply enough , it could become a vast new source of energy available in just about every country in the world .
The big advantage to these crystals , known as methane hydrates , are their abundance .
They are found beneath the sea floor off every continent , and under the arctic tundra .
Plus , they 're estimated to hold twice as much carbon as all the known reserves of oil , coal and natural gas combined .
" The potential is enough to power humanity from now until the asteroid hits , " said Peter Tertzakian , chief energy economist at ARC Financial , a Calgary - based private equity firm .
But citing cost and the abundance of conventional natural gas , Tertzakian said this resource will likely " remain on the margins " for two or three decades .
Origins
The crystals are formed when methane gas , which results from the natural decomposition of animals and plants , comes into contact with water at just the right temperature and pressure .
Finding that sweet spot is actually much much more common than finding the conditions needed for the formation of conventional gas and oil , which require very specific geology .
This is why oil is found in some places but not others .
Crystal gas forms almost any place there 's low temperature , high pressure and water , making the organism - rich continental slopes ideal spots .
The gas crystals are usually found between a few hundred feet to several thousand feet below the ocean floor and require deep drilling to bring them to the surface .
They 're most prevalent in water over 1,000 feet deep , and up to about 200 miles offshore .
Although they 've been known about since the early 1980s , only in the last 10 years has significant work gone into studying them and figuring out how to extract them .
The U.S. government currently runs a multi-agency research project with scientists from the Department of Energy , the U.S. Geological Survey and the Minerals Management Service , among others .
They 've partnered with a few corporations , including BP ( BP ) at a site in Alaska 's North Slope and Chevron ( CVX , Fortune 500 ) in the Gulf of Mexico .
Harvesting
Just because a huge amount of the gas exists does n't mean it all can be collected .
No one has figured out how much gas can be recovered using current technology , said Timothy Collett , a research geologist at the USGS .
But at the BP site in Alaska , Collett said using current technology to go after crystal gas would effectively double the known gas reserves there .
" We 're chipping away at the technical issue , " he said .
" We just have to get at the economics . "
And it 's the economics that really hold this up .
There are several ways to bring crystal gas to the surface .
But the most efficient seems to be to drill a well , like a conventional oil or natural gas well , then decrease the pressure inside .
The decreased pressure will cause the crystals to revert to gas and flow out of the well .
But depressurizing a well requires creating a vacuum by continuously pumping the water out of it .
That 's an expensive proposition .
Collett said in the Arctic , the cheapest place to extract this gas , costs vary .
It can be just as expensive as it is now to produce conventional natural gas , to twice that amount .
Going offshore gets even more expensive .
Furthermore , with all the gas currently coming online in the United States from the vast shale reserves , it 's doubtful crystal gas is going to see much investment in the near term .
" Why would anybody allocate money to gas hydrates , when there 's almost a gas glut emerging , " said Tertzakian , the economist at ARC .
Yet once the shale gas begins to run out , or if there 's a significant increase in demand for cleaner burning natural gas plants , it may be nice to know this resource is available .
I love LISPs .
I confess : it ’s partly visual .
There ’s just something very appealing about all the parentheses cascading their way down the buffer .
It ’s like programming with bubbles .
Scheme in particular is my favorite because it ’s so clean and compact .
I ca n’t say I ’ve ever found any particularly practical use for it , personally , but it makes me happy just knowing it exists .
No special insights either , since the functional techniques it encourages are part of the air I breath now , but it was nice to spend some time with an old friend .
Actually , that ’s not true .
One thing that ’s notable is that the compiled version of this is an order of magnitude slower than every other implementation so far : 5 seconds vs. about 0.5 seconds .
Any schemers out there who can shed light on what I ’m doing wrong ?
I ’m not using any special command line flags beyond -- exe .
This was written for MzScheme 4.2.2 .
#lang scheme ; Defining the players ( define o ' O ) ( define x ' X ) ( define ( other - player player ) ( case player ( ( X ) o ) ( ( O ) x ) ) ) ;
Setting up the board ( define * starting - board * '( ( 1 2 3 ) ( 4 5 6 ) ( 7 8 9 ) ) ) ( define ( space - available ? space board ) ( let ( ( member - space ( lambda ( row ) ( member space row ) ) ) ) ( ormap member - space board ) ) ) ; Moving -- returns a transformed board ( define ( move player space board ) ( letrec ( ( move - in - row ( lambda ( row ) ( cond ; if we reach the end , that 's it [ ( null ? row ) '( ) ]
; if we have found the space , take it [ ( eqv ? space ( first row ) ) ( cons player ( rest row ) ) ] ; if not , keep going [ else ( cons ( first row ) ( move - in - row ( rest row ) ) ) ] ) ) ) ) ( map move - in - row board ) ) ) ( define ( board - > string board ) ( let* ( [ space - > string ( lambda ( space ) ( cond [ ( number ? space ) ( string - append " ( " ( number - > string space ) " ) " ) ] [ ( symbol ? space ) ( string - append " " ( symbol - > string space ) " " ) ] [ else " " ] ) ) ] [ row -> string ( lambda ( row ) ( string - append * ( add - between ( map space -> string row ) " | " ) ) ) ] ) ( string - append * ( add - between ( map row -> string board ) "
---+---+---
" ) ) ) ) ( define ( winner ? board ) ( let ( [ all - eq ? ( lambda ( lst ) ( foldl ( lambda ( x y ) ( if ( eq ? x y ) x # f ) ) ( first lst ) ( rest lst ) ) ) ] ) ( findf ( lambda ( x ) x ) ( list ; rows ( all - eq ? ( first board ) ) ( all - eq ? ( second board ) ) ( all - eq ? ( third board ) ) ; columns ( all - eq ? ( map first board ) ) ( all - eq ? ( map second board ) ) ( all - eq ? ( map third board ) ) ; diagonals ( all - eq ? ( list ( first ( first board ) ) ( second ( second board ) ) ( third ( third board ) ) ) ) ( all - eq ? ( list ( third ( first board ) ) ( second ( second board ) ) ( first ( third board ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ( define ( full ? board ) ( not ( findf number ? ( flatten board ) ) ) ) ( define ( display - board board ) ( begin ( newline ) ( display ( board - > string board ) ) ( newline ) ( newline ) ) ) ( define ( play board player ) ( begin ( display - board board ) ( let ( ( winning - player ( winner ? board ) ) ) ( cond [ winning - player ( display ( string - append ( symbol - > string winning - player ) " Wins !
" ) ) ] [ ( full ? board ) ( display " It 's a Draw !
" ) ] [ else ( begin ( display ( string - append " Select a square , " ( symbol - > string player ) " : " ) ) ( let ( ( answer ( string - > number ( regexp - replace * # px " \\s * " ( read- line ) " " ) ) ) ) ( if ( and answer ( space - available ? answer board ) ) ( play ( move player answer board ) ( other - player player ) ) ( play board player ) ) ) ) ] ) ) ) ) ( play * starting - board * x )
Israel ’s insistence on building new settlements in disputed Palestinian territory has heightened tensions with the United States .
Forty - nine percent ( 49 % ) of U.S. voters think Israel should be required to stop those settlements as part of a peace deal with the Palestinians .
Rasmussen Reports is a media company specializing in the collection , publication and distribution of public opinion information .
We conduct public opinion polls on a variety of topics to inform our audience on events in the news and other topics of interest .
To ensure editorial control and independence , we pay for the polls ourselves and generate revenue through the sale of subscriptions , sponsorships , and advertising .
Nightly polling on politics , business and lifestyle topics provides the content to update the Rasmussen Reports web site many times each day .
If it 's in the news , it 's in our polls .
Additionally , the data drives a daily update newsletter and various media outlets across the country .
Some information , including the Rasmussen Reports daily Presidential Tracking Poll and commentaries are available for free to the general public .
Subscriptions are available for $ 4.95 a month or 34.95 a year that provide subscribers with exclusive access to more than 20 stories per week on upcoming elections , consumer confidence , and issues that affect us all .
For those who are really into the numbers , Platinum Members can review demographic crosstabs and a full history of our data .
To learn more about our methodology , click here .
Mr. Egol and Fabrice Tourre , a French trader at Goldman , were aggressive from the start in trying to make the assets in Abacus deals look better than they were , according to notes taken by a Wall Street investor during a phone call with Mr. Tourre and another Goldman employee in May 2005 .
On the call , the two traders noted that they were trying to persuade analysts at Moody ’s Investors Service , a credit rating agency , to assign a higher rating to one part of an Abacus C.D.O. but were having trouble , according to the investor ’s notes , which were provided by a colleague who asked for anonymity because he was not authorized to release them .
Goldman declined to discuss the selection of the assets in the C.D.O. ’s , but a spokesman said investors could have rejected the C.D.O. if they did not like the assets .
Goldman ’s bets against the performances of the Abacus C.D.O. ’s were not worth much in 2005 and 2006 , but they soared in value in 2007 and 2008 when the mortgage market collapsed .
The trades gave Mr. Egol a higher profile at the bank , and he was among a group promoted to managing director on Oct. 24 , 2007 .
“ Egol and Fabrice were way ahead of their time , ” said one of the former Goldman workers .
“ They saw the writing on the wall in this market as early as 2005 . ”
By creating the Abacus C.D.O. ’s , they helped protect Goldman against losses that others would suffer .
As early as the summer of 2006 , Goldman ’s sales desk began marketing short bets using the ABX index to hedge funds like Paulson & Company , Magnetar and Soros Fund Management , which invests for the billionaire George Soros .
John Paulson , the founder of Paulson & Company , also would later take some of the shorts from the Abacus deals , helping him profit when mortgage bonds collapsed .
He declined to comment .
A Deal Gone Bad , for Some
The woeful performance of some C.D.O. ’s issued by Goldman made them ideal for betting against .
As of September 2007 , for example , just five months after Goldman had sold a new Abacus C.D.O. , the ratings on 84 percent of the mortgages underlying it had been downgraded , indicating growing concerns about borrowers ’ ability to repay the loans , according to research from UBS , the big Swiss bank .
Of more than 500 C.D.O. ’s analyzed by UBS , only two were worse than the Abacus deal .
Goldman created other mortgage - linked C.D.O. ’s that performed poorly , too .
One , in October 2006 , was a $ 800 million C.D.O. known as Hudson Mezzanine .
It included credit insurance on mortgage and subprime mortgage bonds that were in the ABX index ; Hudson buyers would make money if the housing market stayed healthy — but lose money if it collapsed .
Goldman kept a significant amount of the financial bets against securities in Hudson , so it would profit if they failed , according to three of the former Goldman employees .
Damn Cool Algorithms , Part 1 : BK - Trees
Posted by Nick Johnson | Filed under tech , coding , damn - cool - algorithms
d( x , y ) = 0 x = y ( If the distance between x and y is 0 , then x = y )
d( x , y ) = d(y , x ) ( The distance from x to y is the same as the distance from y to x )
d( x , y ) + d( y, z ) >= d( x, z )
Disqus
This is the first post in ( hopefully ) a series of posts on Damn Cool Algorithms - essentially , any algorithm I think is really Damn Cool , particularly if it 's simple but non-obvious .
BK - Trees , or Burkhard - Keller Trees are a tree - based data structure engineered for quickly finding near - matches to a string , for example , as used by a spelling checker , or when doing a ' fuzzy ' search for a term .
The aim is to return , for example , " seek " and " peek " if I search for " aeek " .
What makes BK - Trees so cool is that they take a problem which has no obvious solution besides brute - force search , and present a simple and elegant method for speeding up searches substantially .
BK - Trees were first proposed by Burkhard and Keller in 1973 , in their paper " Some approaches to best match file searching " .
The only copy of this online seems to be in the ACM archive , which is subscription only .
Further details , however , are provided in the excellent paper " Fast Approximate String Matching in a Dictionary " .
Before we can define BK - Trees , we need to define a couple of preliminaries .
In order to index and search our dictionary , we need a way to compare strings .
The canonical method for this is the Levenshtein Distance , which takes two strings , and returns a number representing the minimum number of insertions , deletions and replacements required to translate one string into the other .
Other string functions are also acceptable ( for example , one incorportating the concept of transpositions as an atomic operation could be used ) , as long as they meet the criteria defined below .
Now we can make a particularly useful observation about the Levenshtein Distance :
It forms a Metric Space .
Put simply , a metric space is any relationship that adheres to three basic criteria :
The last of these criteria is called the Triangle Inequality .
The Triangle Inequality states that the path from x to z must be no longer than any path that goes through another intermediate point ( the path from x to y to z ) .
Look at a triangle , for example : it 's not possible to draw a triangle such that it 's quicker to get from one point to another by going along two sides than it is by going along the other side .
These three criteria , basic as they are , are all that 's required for something such as the Levenshtein Distance to qualify as a Metric Space .
Note that this is far more general than , for example , a Euclidian Space - a Euclidian Space is metric , but many Metric Spaces ( such as the Levenshtein Distance ) are not Euclidian .
Now that we know that the Levenshtein Distance ( and other similar string distance functions ) embodies a Metric Space , we come to the key observation of Burkhard and Keller .
Assume for a moment we have two parameters , , the string we are using in our search , and the maximum distance a string can be fromand still be returned .
Say we take an arbitary string , and compare it to .
Call the resultant distance .
Because we know the triangle inequality holds , all our results must have at most distanceand at least distancefromFrom here , the construction of a BK - Tree is simple : Each node has a arbitrary number of children , and each edge has a number corresponding to a Levenshtein distance .
All the subnodes on the edge numbered n have a Levenshtein distance of exactly n to the parent node .
So , for example , if we have a tree with parent node " book " and two child nodes " rook " and " nooks " , the edge from " book " to " rook " is numbered 1 , and the edge from " book " to " nooks " is numbered 2 .
To build the tree from a dictionary , take an arbitrary word and make it the root of your tree .
Whenever you want to insert a word , take the Levenshtein distance between your word and the root of the tree , and find the edge with number d( newword , root ) .
Recurse , comparing your query with the child node on that edge , and so on , until there is no child node , at which point you create a new child node and store your new word there .
For example , to insert " boon " into the example tree above , we would examine the root , find that d( " book " , " boon " ) = 1 , and so examine the child on the edge numbered 1 , which is the word " rook " .
We would then calculate the distance d( " rook " , " boon " ) , which is 2 , and so insert the new word under " rook " , with an edge numbered 2 .
To query the tree , take the Levenshtein distance from your term to the root , and recursively query every child node numbered between d-n and d+n ( inclusive ) .
If the node you are examining is within d of your search term , return it and continue your query .
The tree is N-ary and irregular ( but generally well - balanced ) .
Tests show that searching with a distance of 1 queries no more than 5 - 8 % of the tree , and searching with two errors queries no more than 17 - 25 % of the tree - a substantial improvement over checking every node !
Note that exact searching can also be performed fairly efficiently by simply setting n to 0 .
Looking back on this , the post is rather longer and seems more involved than I had anticipated .
Hopefully , you will agree after reading it that the insight behind BK - Trees is indeed elegant and remarkably simple .
Previous Post
Share Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Just a month after the proposals were first outlined in full , the Swiss National Council has now officially passed a law that will ultimately lead to the complete ban of any violent video games in the country .
GamesMarkt reports that the full implications of the ruling will not be known until the Government reveals the exact requirements that will be laid down by the new legislation – a decision that has not yet been made .
What is certain though is that the Swiss authorities have now obtained the power to introduce any measures they see fit .
The likeliest outcome seems to be an outright ban on the production , distribution and sale of any games deemed to be unsuitable – most likely anything with either a PEGI 16 + or PEGI 18 + certificate .
The original motion had called for the ban on any title that requires cruel acts of violence against humans and humanlike creatures for in - game success ” .
The nation ’s games retailers had previously lobbied for a style of self - regulation that would place strict controls on the sale of games to minors , but it now looks very unlikely that the sector will escape that lightly .
I posed as a girl of 14 online .
What followed will sicken you
Even after 15 years in child protection , I was shocked by what I encountered when I spent just five minutes on a social networking site posing as a 14 - year - old girl .
Within 90 seconds , a middle - aged man wanted to perform a sex act in front of me .
I was deluged by strangers asking stomach - churning questions about my sexual experience .
I was pressured to meet men with whom I 'd never before communicated .
So I was n't surprised that a vulnerable teenager , Ashleigh Hall , was groomed on Facebook before being brutally raped and killed .
Paedophiles ' playground : Child sex offenders actively search for young girls on social networking sites who will fall prey to their false charms ( posed by model )
Anyone who knows what an adventure playground social networking sites offer paedophiles would only be surprised that such tragedies do n't occur more often .
For the internet is full of people with sexually deviant desires - the level of danger goes way beyond even the most worried parent 's imagination .
Child sex offenders existed before the internet , but with the inviting , anonymous environment such sites provide , they have greater access and opportunity , which they exploit all too readily .
For these depraved men are not just lurking online hoping youngsters will find them ; they are actively searching for young girls who will fall prey to their false charms , as I discovered when I set out to investigate this dangerous environment .
I am vastly experienced in the field - I was a police detective specialising in major crime and worked on some of the biggest murder and paedophile investigations in the country , before gaining a masters in criminology and setting up a child protection consultancy .
I knew the enormity of the problem , but I wanted to make public how easy it is for paedophiles to approach youngsters online .
So , I created a fake profile and photograph portraying me as a pretty , slim , 5ft 2in brunette who liked music and dance .
Within five minutes of the profile going live on one of the biggest social networking sites , messages from men poured in .
The first three who approached me were aged between 20 and 40 .
Each asked ' A , S , L ? ' - teen text speak for : ' What is your age , sex and location ? '
These hunters know their prey chillingly well ; using teenage language nourishes girls ' trust .
They could have easily turned themselves into teenagers - as I had done - but many make little effort to disguise themselves because they think they 'll get away with it .
And many do .
After I typed back messages saying ' 14 , female , London ' , the replies flew in : one man wanted to meet up immediately and asked what I liked doing or if I 'd enjoy a trip to the cinema .
Another promptly asked : ' Are you a virgin ? '
Their audacity was shocking - they made no attempt to hide their intentions , despite the fact that having sex with a 14 - year - old girl is classed as rape .
They are n't afraid to be up front because - nauseatingly - they have found this approach to be effective .
Clearly , enough girls are intrigued by these crass invitations to make it a worthwhile strategy .
Some men approached me more slowly , building up rapport through normal conversation - all in abbreviated language or child - like spelling .
Then they started springing crude questions , such as : ' Had I had sex ?
Who with ?
Did I like it ?'
Some would make relentless and disturbing requests : would I perform sex acts for them on a webcam ?
Could they perform sex acts for me ?
Gruesome though it is to hear , the question ' Have you ever touched yourself ? ' is frequently fired off to young girls .
Some men checked to see if I really was a young girl by asking innocent questions about my likes and dislikes , such as my hobbies and where I went to school .
Then , once they'd had the responses that showed I was young , they followed up with crude sexual requests or the constant chat and attention that experienced abusers use to groom girls .
And I had been online for only an hour .
The scale of potential abuse is mind - blowing .
Especially if , like me , you 're a parent .
Our children might be savvy and aware , but , by nature , they are trustworthy and believing .
Meanwhile , online paedophiles are devious , clever , calculating and manipulative .
They use photographs of other people - easily found and copied off the internet - if they want to make themselves look younger or more attractive , just like Ashleigh Hall 's murderer , Peter Chapman .
And they constantly develop strategies to combat children 's wariness .
One new tactic is introducing victims to another teenager , who they say is a friend .
In fact , the other girl 's profile is fake , created by the abuser to allay concerns .
The victim believes that the stranger must be trustworthy because he has other young friends .
The ' other girl ' will tell them : ' I was a bit scared , too , when I started speaking to him , but he 's a really nice man , very genuine ; we 've met and he is who he says he is . '
Other abusers use a fake girl to encourage the victim to engage in sexual behaviour , saying such things as : ' He gave me a kiss the other day and it was nice ' or ' My first sex was with him and he 's careful and delicate . '
It 's horrifying , yet this is happening to teenagers right now across the internet .
Once we taught children that strangers held the greatest danger , but in the world of instant intimacy that is cyberspace , teenagers do n't consider these men to be strangers ; they think they are friends .
And the stereotypical image of the weirdo could n't be more misleading : these men appear responsible and respectable .
One thing they have in common is that they are confident and able when dealing with children and young people .
Parents need to realise that these people are clever at appearing normal .
They do n't stand out in a crowd ; they look no different to you or me .
The Government must provide police forces throughout Britain with the resources for covert policing , so they can lure men with fake teenage profiles before they ruin the lives of real children
They hold down jobs and are able to perpetrate abuse by hiding behind the internet for anonymity .
I know , because I have met some of the most dangerous sex offenders in the country in prisons .
The problem is that they can be caught far too late - like 33 - year - old serial rapist and killer Peter Chapman .
What happened to Ashleigh Hall is desperately sad , but not surprising , given the proliferation of paedophiles online and the fact that 25 per cent of girls and 14 per cent of boys who make contact with someone online will go on to meet them in person .
That is why the policing of social networking sites must be changed radically .
I have followed a Metropolitan police paedophile unit that uses a covert approach to ensnare online abusers and arrest them .
It was incredibly effective , putting ten men in jail , but it is not practised enough .
Tragically , the common police approach is reactive : finding and arresting abusers once they have been reported .
By then the damage has been done .
What is needed is a pro-active approach .
The Government must provide police forces throughout Britain with the resources for covert policing , so they can lure men with fake teenage profiles before they ruin the lives of real children .
The hunters must become the hunted .
At present , these monsters wander the internet without fear or caution - evident by the onslaught of inappropriate messages I received when I put my fake profile online .
For what is most shocking about my investigation is not only the number of predators waiting to pounce , but also the lack of policing .
Those men who approached me are probably still there , waiting for young girls .
In fact , they may have already found and preyed on many more .
But because we do n't have proactive policing , they will remain at large until someone they abuse reports them .
As a parent , I do n't consider that acceptable .
Yes , my 14 - year - old daughter uses Facebook , but with stringent privacy settings and a maximum of 30 friends , all of whom she must know genuinely - and I am one of them .
What happened to Ashleigh must never happen to another child .
We need to turn around the online environment by targeting sex offenders before they target young girls .
Ultimately , it 's up to all of us - parents , teachers , police and internet companies - to educate and protect our children .
Otherwise there are going to be many more Ashleighs .
• Interview : Laura Topham
CLARIFICATION
Some strands of feminism have a long history of serving as adjuncts of Western imperialism .
Today they also enable domestic prejudice .
Gore Vidal once mocked George Bush ’s idea of democracy promotion as being synonymous with : ‘ Be free !
Or I ’ll kill you ’ .
In a similar vein , some feminists today want to ‘ liberate ’ Arab - Muslim women by constraining their freedoms .
These women can’t possibly know what they really want , you see .
The European feminists , like Bush , know what ’s best for them .
What could my sister — who studied at a co-ed university ( in Peshawar ! ) but turned to wearing the hijab after moving to Canada — know about her interests ?
She must be told by the enlightened Westerner .
She must be liberated .
Ignorance and racism combine in this potent form of messianism to sanction prejudice which increasingly targets Europe ’s immigrant communities .
Like the Orientalists of yore , this brand of feminism insists on seeing the brown or black woman in the subordinate role , wistfully awaiting a Westerner liberator .
They are childlike , they must be protected in the same manner that a responsible parent protects an unruly nestling .
They must be saved from the hijab , or — God forbid ! — the veil .
To protect their freedom of choice , their freedom to choose must be revoked .
Today more and more assertive Muslim women living in the West are taking up the hijab , as a defiant assertion of their identity and independence .
It is no longer just a religious symbol , it is also often a political symbol .
But of course , the addled mind of the colonial feminist cannot fathom this — or the idea of diversity .
It must cloak cultural supremacism as defence of a presumed universal value ; it must elevate its cultural preference into a universal desire .
It must erase all other , inferior , aspirations , such as those of the Arab - Muslim woman to choose how she dresses , what she does or does not want to wear .
It must enshrine its own preferences in an official ban , and demand that others — the minorities — must assimilate .
They must comply , or else be deemed un-emancipated .
Prejudice against such unenlightened women thus becomes legitimate .
Indeed , it becomes a moral imperative .
Racism becomes a virtue .
Today militant disbelief is a far more potent threat than religious radicalism .
It is perhaps no more implacable than religious fundamentalism but the instruments of mass destruction available to it are immeasurably more awesome .
Its quixotic crusades are more numerous and far bloodier .
Given its monopoly on power , it is often a shorter distance between its ideals and catastrophe .
As , among others , John Gray has shown in Black Mass , children of the Enlightenment — from the Communists , National Socialists , Capitalists , to Neo-conservatives — have all rationalized mass - slaughter in the name of progress .
Racism , likewise , is always in the service of a presumed noble ideal .
As Sven Lindqvist highlights in his splendid work on Western colonialism , there was a time when , inspired by Darwinian ideas , the extermination of inferior races was seen as a necessary , indeed moral , imperative by enlightened Europeans .
It was necessary for human progress .
Natural selection could be expdited by unnatural destruction .
And so — as Kurt Vonnegut would say — it goes .
Sarkozy ’s government is once again at war with the 367 French women who wear the veil according to a July 2009 report .
The Progressive London conference is rightly highlighting this issue to protect womens ’ right to choose what they wear .
But colonial feminists will have none of this .
A reader forwards us this letter sent to the Guardian by one Frankie Green who illustrates all the stupidity and ignorance described earlier .
Let us hope discussion went further than the facile idea that this supposed ‘ right ’ is primarily about religious symbolism and the need to not embolden right - wing racists , and dealt with the question of what exactly it is about women ’s bodies , hair and faces that requires their obliteration , and why women are shamed and blamed for men ’s apparent inability to control themselves at the sight of bare female flesh .
If conference - goers debated how to best support the brave women worldwide who have campaigned against the gender apartheid and patriarchal inequality of these misogynist practices , that truly would be progressive .
The contempt that this letter shows for the wog needs no elaboration .
In this world view the display of ‘ bare female flesh ’ becomes synonymous with emancipation .
But it is the complete immunity of this type of reasoning to irony that makes it most frightening .
It is this cast of mind that needs to be liberated from the veil of ignorance and prejudice that so hampers its capacity for empathy .
Rate this :
Share this :
Tweet
WhatsApp
Email
Print
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
DMDScript
What is DMDScript ?
DMDScript is Digital Mars ' implementation of the ECMA 262 scripting language .
Netscape 's implementation is called JavaScript , Microsoft 's implementation is called JScript .
DMDScript is a very fast compared with other implementations , which you can verify with the included benchmark .
DMDScript is implemented in the D Programming Language .
( A C++ implementation is also available . )
Note : DMDScript is not the D Programming Language , nor is it Java .
Here is the ECMAscript FAQ .
Key Benefits of DMDScript in D
Implementation of ECMA 262 v3 .
Ideal for ECMAscript enabling browsers , email clients , and any application that needs a scripting language .
Source code is available under the Boost license .
Installing DMDScript
Standalone Console Version of DMDScript
ds
test.ds
ds sieve
sieve.ds
.ds
Download DMDScript with no arguments will compile and run the dscript file .
With an argument , it will compile & run that file : will compile and run .
Theis the default extension .
The console version has some additional builtin functions available :
getenv( string )
Get and return value of environment variable string .
print ( string )
Print string to stdout .
println ( string )
Print string to stdout followed by a newline .
readln ( )
Read and return an input line from stdin , not including the newline .
Differences Between DMDScript ( Digital Mars ) , Jscript ( Microsoft ) and Javascript ( Netscape )
goto Statement
goto label ;
goto
assert ( ) Function
__proto__ Property
Conditional Compilation
DMDScript implements thestatement , like in C.is not part of the ECMA 262 v3 standard .
DMDScript implements the assert ( ) function property of the Global Object. assert ( ) throws a RuntimeError exception .
If there is an argument to assert ( ) , that argument is converted to a Boolean and a RuntimeError exception is thrown if the argument is false .
Javascript supports the __proto__ property .
Neither ECMA nor Jscript nor DMDScript supports it .
JScript 's conditional compilation statements are not supported by DMDScript , Javascript , nor ECMA .
This article is translated to Serbo - Croatian language by Web Geeks .
This article is translated to Punjabi by Bydiscountcodes Team .
Sometimes you see something you just can't believe .
And yet , there it is in cold type ( or warm electrons ) .
Today 's candidate is a single sentence by Washington Post writers Peter Whoriskey and Frank Ahrens , discussing the Congressional investigation of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration 's response to multiple reports of Toyota safety problems .
It says : NHTSA officials told investigators that the agency does n't employ any electrical engineers or software engineers .
Loose all - weather floor mat jams accelerator pedal .
Photo : NHTSA
To say our jaw dropped would be woefully inadequate .
A modern luxury car has something close to 100 million lines of software code in it , running on 70 to 100 microprocessors .
The navigation system of the Mercedes - Benz S - Class alone exceeds 20 million lines of code .
Manfred Broy , of the Technical University , Munich , told IEEE Spectrum that software and electronics can make up 35 to 40 percent of the cost of a premium car today .
At $ 10 a line , a cost he calls too low , 100 million lines represent $ 1 billion of investment for each car .
According to consultant Frost & Sullivan , those 100 million lines of code will rise to 200 or 300 million within a few years .
Software controls the vehicle , the operation of its engine , the mapping of the transmission shift points , the interactions among the components of the powertrain , the traction control system ... the list could go on for pages and pages .
And the software that controls the " drive - by - wire " accelerators of Toyota and Lexus vehicles is one potential culprit in the tangled collection of issues , allegations , and recalls of many of those vehicles for so - called " sudden acceleration " problems .
The NHTSA 's mission is to “ save lives , prevent injuries , reduce vehicle - related crashes . ”
If it cannot properly analyze those systems , or even understand at a deep - code level how they work , then the agency is useless at overseeing the entire " Safety " part of its mandate .
The agency has an annual budget of more than $ 800 million , and it employs 635 thousands of people .
That not a single one of them is an EE or software engineer borders on the criminally insane .
Grasping for straws , perhaps it employs software engineers and EEs as contractors , so they 're not technically employees ?
Or does it outsource all those functions to firms who specialize in those disciplines ?
We 'd like to believe that .
But we recently got a note from an author who 's written on software in cars and spoken to the NHTSA about the topic .
It said :
They told me they did n't track defects ... by software / electronic cause .
They could n't understand why that would be important , since software improvements and defect rates were no different in their minds from mechanical improvements .
In fact , software increased car safety .
Then they basically told me not to bother them with such trivial questions .
Please , please : Somebody tell us that those NHTSA officials misspoke .
Because if they did n't , heads had better roll .
UPDATE : According to the Detroit News , a Department of Transportation spokeswoman , Olivia Alair , said , " NHTSA has numerous engineers on staff with experience with electrical engineering and ( electronics ) issues . "
The DoT is the parent agency of the NHTSA .
UPDATE 2 : Just before the end of today 's hearings , Transportation secretary Ray LaHood told Congress that NHTSA has two electrical engineers on staff and , " When we need outside expertise , we use it . "
Two EEs ?
And how many software engineers , pray tell ?
[ Washington Post , IEEE Spectrum , RiskFactor , Wikipedia ]
I do n't think anyone was under some real illusion that the election of Barack Obama actually means the end of racism in America .
I 'm pretty sure that the president - elect knew it better than anyone .
After all , he saw it every day , from the moment he announced his candidacy .
To some degree , he saw it within his own party during the primaries .
And he saw it in all ugliness during the general election .
For half of this country , he was " That One " .
No matter how big and clear his victory was .
No matter how smart he is .
No matter how decent he is .
No matter what a true patriot he is .
No matter how optimistic and positive his vision for America was .
All that did n't matter .
Because at the end of the day , he was still black .
I 'm quite old .
I remember , vaguely , where my parents been on November 22 , 1963 .
I 've seen so many presidents .
Some were feared , some were hated , some were adored , some popular and some not .
But all of them , without exception , were treated with the highest respect deserve to the office of the president of the United States .
That is until a black man won the right to occupy this office .
It 's been 13 months now , and in the eyes of so many , Barack Obama is still that one .
He is being disrespected and at the same time being held to the highest standard of any president I 've ever seen – and not just by the Republican side .
He has to perform three times better than any president in history , and even that may not be enough .
For the media , he is many more times just " Obama " than " President Obama " .
They create scandals out of nothing issues .
It took them at least 6 years to start giving Bush a small part of the shit he deserved .
It took them 6 months to begin crap all over Obama because he 's yet to fix the catastrophe that was left for him .
They use condescending tone when they talk about him , and only mildly less condescending when they talk TO him .
With anyone else , CNN would n't dare go to commercials every time the president speaks , like they did during that summit on Thursday .
They would n't dare counting how many minutes George Bush or Bill Clinton were talking .
Chris Mathews would n't dare making an issue out of Ronald Regan calling members of congress by their first name , like he is not actually the freaking president .
They fully cooperate with the Right - Wing smear machine when it comes to president Obama 's national security performance – even if almost every independent and military expert actually thinks that he 's a terrific Commander in Chief .
You 'll never see them on TV , and virtually no one from the Left , in congress and outside , defend the president on this matter .
I do n't care about the Far - Right .
They 're just crazy ignorant Neanderthals .
It 's the way the beltway and the mainstream treats this president that is shocking .
On Thursday , almost every Republican had no trouble interrupting him in the middle of a sentence .
They looked like they 're going to vomit every time they had to say " Mr. president " .
They all had this Eric - Cantor - Smirk whenever he spoke .
Then they went out and started to spit their stupid talking points , to the delight of the media .
Sarah Palin , a woman who can hardly read , thinks that he was " arrogant " towards John McCain , and somehow this is an important news .
Because you see , " Obama 's Arrogance " is the talking point of the day .
Oh , those talking points .
He is arrogant ( because he knows the facts better than all of them combined ) .
He is an elitist ( because he uses big words that they do n't understand ) .
He is weak on national security ( because he actually thinks about the consequences ) .
He divides the country ( well , he did that the day he had the audacity to win the election ) .
Worst of all , he actually thinks that he 's the president .
He even dared to say so on Thursday .
How arrogant of him .
You'd think that previous presidents did n't have any ego .
Somehow it turned out that the one president who treats even his biggest opponents with the utmost respect – is the arrogant one .
I wonder why .
I expected that his winning the Presidency would bring out some ugliness , but it 's been far worse than i imagined .
The racism coming from the Right is obviously clear and shameless , but there 's also some hidden and maybe subconscious and disturbing underline tone behind some of the things that I read here and throughout the Left blogosphere , even before the end of Obama 's first year - ' He 's weak , he 's spineless , he 's got no balls , primary him in 2012 ' .
It 'll be dishonest to deny that .
The fact is that for millions in America , Barack Obama is this uppity black man ( Not even a " real " black ) , who received good education only due to affirmative action , and has no right to litter the sacred Oval Office with his skin color .
They just can't accept the fact that the president is a black man , who unlike his predecessor , was actually legally elected .
But what 's really sad is that it's not just the fringe , its deep deep in mainstream America .
Barack Obama 's ability to remain above all this slob , to keep his optimism and his strange and mostly unjustified faith in people , while continuing to gracefully deal with an endless shitstorm – is one of the most inspiring displays of human quality I have ever seen .
And i can only hope that the Cosmos is on his side .
*
*
*
Of course , Darian Dauchan saw it coming three years ago .
*
**************************************************************************
*
*
*
UPDATE : Just wanted to thank everybody for reading .
I truly appreciate all the comments , not just from those who agree , but also from those who disagree and managed to express it without insulting me personally .
I learned a lot from reading each and every comment , and i'm grateful to be able to express such delicate and controversial opinion here .
Thank you .
The paper broke from its traditional format for one day only
A Belgian French - language daily has issued what is thought to be Europe 's first 3D newspaper - complete with cardboard viewing glasses .
All the photos and ads in La Derniere Heure 's ( DH ) special edition were given a three - dimensional effect , but the text remained the same .
DH 's editor said there were no further 3D plans due to the costs involved .
Reviewers in France saluted the paper 's " bold initiative " but called the overall result " far from perfect " .
' 3D challenge '
Editor Hubert Leclercq said it took two months to prepare the special edition , which had a higher than normal print run of 115,000 copies for the newsstands .
" We hear about 3D cinema , television and video games , so we took up the challenge , " Mr Leclercq told the AFP news agency .
According to PC World 's French edition , readers could obtain the best results by holding the paper 50 cm ( 20 in ) from the eyes in a well - lit area .
" It takes a few minutes to get used to pictures in 3D , " it said , noting the limited quality of the disposable viewing lenses .
It said some of the images - especially the ads - had a good 3D relief effect , but that other pictures were blurry or difficult to focus on .
Since I posted yesterday about the UK LibDem Peers ' introduction of a pro-web - censorship amendment to the Digital Economy Bill , the Peers have withdrawn their proposal and entered a revised one jointly with Conservative Lords .
Unfortunately , this amendment is even worse in some ways .
In a posting on Liberal Democratic Voice , Lord Clement - Jones explains that his amendment is intended to attack " web- lockers , " such as YouSendIt and RapidShare :
The Digital Economy Bill , as currently drafted , only deals with a certain type of copyright infringement , namely peer - to - peer file sharing .
Around 35 % of all online copyright infringement takes place on non peer - to - peer sites and services .
Particular threats concern " cyberlockers " which are hosted abroad .
There are websites which consistently infringe copyright , many of them based outside the UK in countries such as Russia and beyond the jurisdiction of the UK courts .
Many of these websites refuse to stop supplying access to illegal content .
It is a result of this situation that the Liberal Democrats have tabled an amendment in the Lords which has the support of the Conservatives that enables the High Court to grant an injunction requiring Internet Service Providers to block access to sites .
The idea that web - lockers should be blocked nationwide by court order is a bad idea :
1. Web - lockers are useful for more than piracy .
I routinely use web - lockers for my own business and personal affairs .
When I need to send a large video of my daughter playing to my parents , a web - locker is the simplest way of doing this .
Web - lockers are also a vital part of how I produce my audiobooks and podcasts , since they allow me to privately share large pre-release audio - files with readers , editors and publishers .
Web - lockers are also how I communicate with my attorneys and accountants for transmission of sensitive documents , such as scans of my passport and bills .
2 . The reason web - lockers are useful for piracy is because they support privacy .
The entertainment industry 's principle objection to web - lockers is that their contents are private , and cannot be readily survielled by copyright enforcement tools .
When I send a video of my daughter in the bath to her grandparents , the only people who can download that video are the people who have access to the private URL for the locker .
This is the same mechanism that infringers use to avoid detection : upload an infringing file and share the URL with friends .
You can't fix the web - locker problem without attacking the right of Internet users to privately share large files with one another .
3 . The establishment of a national blocklist is itself a bad idea .
Creating a facility whereby ISPs can be compelled to block entire websites is a bad idea on its face .
The security problems raised by such a facility are grave ( a hijacker could use it to block the BBC , or Parliament , or Google ) , and the temptation to extend this facility for use in other civil actions , ( say , libel ) will be great .
Also , as my friend Lilian Edwards has pointed out , the LibDem proposal does not stipulate how long sites must be blocked for , nor what the procedure is for unblocking them .
4 . There is no evidence that this will work .
Dedicated infringers have shown a willingness and capability to use technologies such as proxies to evade firewalls .
These proxies — many of them legitimate businesses at home and abroad — are cheap and easy to use , and make it trivial to evade ISP - level filtering .
However , " good guys " ( small traders , individuals wishing to share private material with friends and family ) should not have to bear the expense and difficulty of evading the Great Firewall of Britain to do legitimate business on the net .
5 . This is bad for the nation .
The only country to enact anti-web - locker legislation to date is South Korea , which brought in a similar measure to the LibDem proposal as a condition of its Free Trade Agreement with the USA , whose IP chapter focused largely on locking down the Korean Internet .
In the time since the US - Korea FTA , Korea has slipped badly in the global league tables for ICT competitiveness , going from being a worldwide leader in technology to an also - ran .
I have sent a version of these comments to both of the LibDem peers using ORG's Write to Them links .
I hope you 'll get in touch with them , too .
This is a grave blunder for the supposed " party of liberty , " especially on the eve of a national election .
Update :
According to a post on LibDem Voice , Clement - Jones draws a salary of £ 70,000 to serve as Co-Chairman of law firm DLA Piper 's global government relations practice .
DLA Piper is " one of the largest groups of IP lawyers in the world " and has " acted for , and lobbied on behalf of , the RIAA and MPAA in the past . "
When I saw this painting , I got tears in my eyes .
Seriously .
I just love this .
I think it 's the angles ; the 3/4 turn of the grandmother and baby , the look of absorption on the baby 's face , and the semi-gibbous phase of the Earth .
And , of course , the sentiment .
You can read a lot into this painting .
But is n't that what art is for ?
This work is by Chase Stone , who has a lot of amazing art posted on DeviantArt .
I strongly recommend going through his stuff .
Tip o' the spacesuit visor to Reddit .
I recently worked with a young woman who has an unusual gift for understanding horse behavior .
I ’ll call her Lisa ( not her real name . )
She only discovered this talent in the last few years when she took up the hobby of horseback riding .
But her natural talent for reading the character of a horse quickly and accurately was so obvious to the owner of the stables where she rides that she was given a job to work with the “ problem ” horses there .
This teenage girl struggles to finish high school and has no aptitude for the hard sciences that are pre-requisites for acceptance into veterinary school which her family considers to be the only career option open to her .
She came to me feeling depressed and discouraged about her career prospects .
However , when she talked about her part - time work at the stables , her passion for horse behavior was obvious .
Clearly , such work energizes her .
Her aptitude for empathizing with horses , for communicating with them in a way that helps change behavior is a very valuable talent in the world of horses .
It got me thinking about the work done by The Gallup Organization over the past decade ( http://www.gallup.com).
Gallup delivers in - depth insights on public opinion polling , societal issues , education , management , and human
talent .
They found that focusing on strengths brings about real business results .
“ There ’s always a greater return on investment when people focus on strengths – when they focus on what ’s right instead of what ’s wrong . ”
Gallup also found that when professionals can do what they do best , their organizations have lower turnover and higher customer satisfaction .
These results lead to bottom - line success .
Lisa is at her first career crossroads in life .
Should she nurture and develop her unusual gift into a career ?
If you believe in a God of some sort , you might think God created horses and loves them , and God created Lisa and loves her , and might have put her here to take care of horses .
But how on earth do you make a career out of that ?
Yes , it might be easier for Lisa to finish school and get a regular job as a teacher , or nurse , or computer programmer , even though she shows no aptitude in these areas .
According to conventional reasoning , this lack of aptitude should pose no real hindrance to her career choices because she ’s young , she can apply herself , and probably grit her teeth and get through some kind of training program that qualifies her for a good job .
By doing so , she ’d be doing what most people do when choosing a career , according to Gallup .
It seems that our culture is focused on pinpointing weaknesses and overcoming them .
But imagine what life would be like if we
focused more on our strengths and less on what we think we need to do in order to achieve job security .
Gallup suggests that it is much better to use your natural strengths and motivations to excel in a field that will recognize and reward you for what you do naturally and effortlessly is the shortest route to excellence … and our economy rewards excellence of any kind .
Horses are big business in certain parts of North America .
And there are many people who make a very good living in that field , people who are not veterinarians .
I provided Lisa with a list of resources to research the many different opportunities in the field .
As I mentioned above , she showed a flair for communicating and informing others through explaining .
She likes to meet with others to discuss horse behavior .
She may want to look at a role requiring these talents .
For example , there may be horse - related professional associations , or industry groups , and administrative organizations that employ Education Officers , Information Officers , Licensing Agents , and other people who have to explain complex issues and matters to members , insurance reps , inspectors , as well as the general public .
Career choices have consequences , and often involve trade - offs .
In order to attain career mastery and job security , The Gallup Organization says you will need to understand your unique patterns .
You will need to become an expert at finding , describing , applying , practicing and refining your
strengths .
Lisa has a bright future with horses ahead of her ( or not ) , depending on the choices she makes now .
It may not be easy for her to find her niche in the world of horses but it certainly is possible .
Gallup explains that individuals have the greatest opportunity for success doing what they do best , rather than focusing on areas where they start from scratch .
“ We found that when people report that they have the opportunity to do what they do best , they are more likely to stay with their company . ”
This does n’t mean , of course , that professionals should ignore their weaknesses completely .
But it does mean that they can bring more value to organizations by learning how to identify and use their strengths .
In order to determine our best jobfit , each of us would benefit from a rigorous and in - depth analysis of stories about times in our lives when we are doing what we enjoy most and doing it well .
In a sense , you need to know if you are suited to “ sell the boat ” or “ build the boat ” or “ sail the boat ” or ³maintain the boat . ²
Even if you are a “ boat builder , ” then what kind of a boat builder are you ?
what is unique about you ?
what separates you from other boat builders ?
I am happy to report that Lisa , who only a few years ago was failing high school , has started on scholarship a Bachelor of Science at a university that has a strong reputation for animal sciences .
“ An unexamined life is not worth living , ” goes the old saying from Socrates .
The passage of time may have dulled the sharp edges of this profound and provocative statement but not it ’s significance .
Self - knowledge is the key to success .
A rigorous and disciplined examination of your life , your goals
and your personal values will reap a huge bounty of riches .
Oh dear .
From the editor 's inxbox comes this heated missive over today 's ' Photo du Jour ' featuring gifted comedian Dave Chappelle .
Black Betty writes :
Homophobic and Transphobic Comments by Dave Chappelle at New Parish - Oakland
Today at 8:03 am
I usually do n't mass note but this was a very disturbing experience ...
Dear Friends ,
After what has been a long and stressful couple of weeks , my girlfriend and I were excited to go see the 8 pm showing of Dave Chappelle at the New Parrish in Downtown Oakland .
Comedy can be empowering and that ’s always what I thought of Chappelle .
I really needed a good laugh .
He began with a story of being in San Francisco and being approached by a " man " with " titty balls " and how weird that was and began to mock a gay male voice .
He said he was trying to not look at this " man with titties . "
He talked about how he was uncomfortable and how he was worried about " US Weekly catching them together . "
He even said " I thought I was gonna walk away without his gayness offending me . "
He then talked about how the trans individual asked him out to lunch and he reacted angrily .
People were laughing .
The environment was hostile and unsafe .
Most Flawless Diamonds Ever Are Meant for Lasers , Not Rings
Scientists need the diamonds to build the next generation of X - ray lasers
While Abbott 's proposal is more generous than the government 's safety net plan of 18 weeks at minimum pay , both schemes are fatally flawed .
Discussed , designed and sold in the language of '' mums ' ' , they flagrantly disregard the role men should - and many want to - play in the lives of their children .
By failing to talk about childcare and paid leave as something of critical importance to children , men and women , both political parties doom us to more of the same work / life crunch .
More oppressed women , more dissatisfied men , more children with exhausted mums and absent dads .
Did you know that Australian men - 68 per cent in one poll - want more involvement in their children 's lives , but are impeded by work demands ?
Did you know that children whose fathers contribute meaningfully to their care have improved social skills , higher self - esteem and better results at school ?
Do you know that children tell researchers they want to spend more time with their fathers , and no amount of additional mother - time quells that ache ?
Did you know that women doing most of the second - shift of childcare and housework report feeling guilty and exhausted ?
Those who work part - time or stay at home reduce their lifetime earnings by at least $ 160,000 per child , end up on the ' ' mummy track ' ' when they return to work and wind up with 50 per cent less superannuation than men on similar wages .
The most obvious solution to this problem continues to be overlooked - namely , that fathers and mothers share fairly the joys and burdens of paid employment and caring for their children - speaks volumes about the capacity of vested interests and entrenched social attitudes to stifle progress .
That this is the case seems particularly clear given the ease with which a gender - equity paradigm could be given effect in policy .
All we need to do is this : we need to say '' parental leave ' ' and mean it .
We need to follow the lead of comparable OECD countries by allocating paid parental leave entitlements to families in a way that allows them to share it , and with a use - it - or - lose - it component for dads .
The lead story at DrudgeReport.com as of 11:30 a.m. this morning was " ** REUTERS : Backdoor taxes to hit middle class . "
But Reuters withdrew the article last night .
Drudge noted the change and wrote : " ** REUTERS pulls tax story ... " then added another link to the top left margin : " Largest - ever federal payroll to hit 2.15 million employees ... "
So what happened ?
According to a Reuters rep , it was withdrawn " due to significant errors of fact . "
" The story was wrong on multiple points and should not have gone out , " she emailed us .
A formal withdrawal will issued will address specific points that were incorrect later today .
UPDATE : A White House offical told Talking Points Memo that administration aides appealed to Reuters to take it down .
The original link lead clickers to an article posted on Monday , Feb. 1 at 4:09 p.m. which reads , in part :
While the administration is focusing its proposal on eliminating tax breaks for individuals who earn $ 250,000 a year or more , middle - class families will face a slew of these backdoor increases .
...
Millions of middle - class households already may be facing higher taxes in 2010 because Congress has failed to extend tax breaks that expired on January 1 , most notably a " patch " that limited the impact of the alternative minimum tax .
The AMT , initially designed to prevent the very rich from avoiding income taxes , was never indexed for inflation .
Now the tax is affecting millions of middle - income households , but lawmakers have been reluctant to repeal it because it has become a key source of revenue .
At 8:07 p.m. last night , Reuters posted another article : " The story Backdoor taxes to hit middle class has been withdrawn .
A replacement story will run later in the week . "
Here 's the DrudgeReport screenshot :
After a long hiatus , the Stupid Mage Tricks franchise is finally back .
Once again , we 'll explore the limits of what a single mage can accomplish and try to shatter them in the process .
If you 've subscribed to my Youtube channel , a few of these clips wo n't be new to you , but most of it still will be .
Those clips which are n't new are taken from the continuing FAIL Challenge which you can find out more about @ http://bit.ly/FAILChallenge ( that URL is case sensitive ) .
If you enjoy this movie , you can subscribe to my Youtube channel @ Youtube.com / FaxmonkeyX for additional clips and follow me on Twitter ( @Faxmonkey ) to get updates on any new movies in the works .
I 've added the Megaupload link for those who wanted to direct download but do n't have premium and could n't get the Google docs link to work ( it 's bandwidth capped ) .
It should work for everyone , provided you can wait 45 seconds .
Thanks for watching !
- Faxmonkey
Los Angeles and other California cities and counties may bar the Hare Krishnas and other groups from panhandling at airports , the California Supreme Court unanimously ruled Thursday .
The state high court , reviving a 1997 Los Angeles ordinance aimed at LAX , ruled that bans on soliciting at airports do not violate state constitutional guarantees of free speech .
Lawyers for Los Angeles said that about 100 individuals representing at least 15 groups solicit money regularly at LAX .
Thursday ’s ruling is expected to lead other airports to consider ordinances similar to L.A. 's law , which would ban solicitations in the interior terminals , parking lots and adjacent sidewalks .
Airports in San Francisco , Oakland and San Diego and California city and county associations sided with Los Angeles in the case .
The ACLU sided with the International Society for Krishna Consciousness of California , which challenged the Los Angeles law and won an injunction against its enforcement in federal trial court .
Advertisement
The U.S. 9th Circuit Court of Appeals later referred the case to California ’s high court , which has final say over matters of state law .
The state court said that panhandling is “ far more intrusive ” than leafleting and other kinds of communication .
“ Travelers often are in a hurry , and the airport often is crowded , ” Justice Carlos R. Moreno wrote for the court .
Panhandling may increase congestion , cause travelers to miss flights , and subject them to possible intimidation and even fraud , he said .
The Hare Krishna society has “ ample alternative means of conveying its message , ” Moreno wrote .
“ It can distribute literature and speak to willing travelers .
It can even seek financial support , as long as it does not request the immediate exchange of funds . ”
David Liberman , an attorney for the Hare Krishnas , called the decision “ disgusting ” and predicted that it would encourage shopping centers and other similar forums to ban soliciting .
Advertisement
“ They finally get rid of the Hare Krishnas , which is what they wanted to do all along , ” Liberman said .
“ They just want to get rid of people who make them feel uncomfortable . ”
The 9th Circuit had asked the state court to determine whether an airport was a public forum for free expression under state law .
But the Supreme Court said it did not need to reach the question to find that the LAX ban was legal .
In concurring opinions , Justice Joyce L. Kennard said she would have ruled that airports are a public forum , whereas Justices Marvin R. Baxter , Ming W. Chin and Carol A. Corrigan would have ruled they are not .
“ This decision is going to clear the path for us to take another significant step in providing better customer service at LAX , ” said Gina Marie Lindsey , executive director of Los Angeles World Airports .
“ Solicitors have been a real problem at LAX for years .
One of the most common complaints we get involves aggressive solicitations . ”
Advertisement
At the nation ’s third - busiest airport , solicitors often can be seen at the Tom Bradley International Terminal , where they descend upon arriving foreign travelers who do n’t speak English well .
Some have posed as official LAX guides or ambassadors , offering directions and carrying airport maps taped to the back of their clipboards .
They have even mimicked the guides ’ hats and jackets .
Pending the outcome of the case , Los Angeles has required airport solicitors to apply for permits that restrict them to certain parts of the airport .
That requirement was intended as a temporary measure until the constitutionality of the ban was decided .
The case will now return to federal court , and lawyers said it may be several months before LAX can enforce the ban .
Advertisement
Airport police say they arrested 84 solicitors at LAX between March 2009 and March 2010 , or about seven a month .
They are charged under the city ’s municipal code , which prohibits aggressive solicitations .
San Francisco International Airport also has “ a problem ” with solicitors and now relegates them to “ free speech booths , ” said Deputy San Francisco City Atty .
Danny Chou , who argued on behalf of the Los Angeles law .
He said San Francisco airport officials may now “ consider what options they have to best ensure their travelers do n’t get unduly harassed and also to ensure airport security . ”
Advertisement
maura.dolan@latimes.com
dan.weikel@latimes.com
Forget the lottery , buy a myki ticket and hit the jackpot .
That 's the word riding the rails after three commuters each had more than $ 167,000 credited to their smartcard accounts in yet another embarrassing glitch .
The trio received the unexpected windfall as the roll - out of Victoria 's smartcard public transport ticketing system descends further into farce .
Kamco , the company responsible for the myki software , has blamed a fare calculation programming error for the mix - up and is working to identify others who may have been affected .
Opposition transport spokesman Terry Mulder said the system was " an absolute disaster " and commuters could now have a punt on its failings .
Momofuku ’s Crack Pie
Total time : 1 1/2 hours , plus cooling and chilling times
Servings : Makes 2 pies ( 6 to 8 servings each )
Note : Adapted from Momofuku .
This pie calls for 2 ( 10 - inch ) pie tins .
You can substitute 9 - inch pie tins , but note that the pies will require additional baking time , about 5 minutes , due to the increased thickness of the filling .
Cookie for crust
2/3 cup plus 1 tablespoon ( 3 ounces ) flour
Scant 1/8 teaspoon baking powder
Scant 1/8 teaspoon baking soda
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup ( 1 stick ) softened butter
1/3 cup ( 2 1/2 ounces ) light brown sugar
3 tablespoons ( 1 1/4 ounces ) sugar
1 egg
Scant 1 cup ( 3 1/2 ounces ) rolled oats
1 . Heat the oven to 375 degrees .
2 . In a medium bowl , sift together the flour , baking powder , baking soda and salt .
3 . In the bowl of a stand mixer using the paddle attachment , or in a large bowl using an electric mixer , beat the butter , brown sugar and sugar until light and fluffy .
4 . Whisk the egg into the butter mixture until fully incorporated .
5 . With the mixer running , beat in the flour mixture , a little at a time , until fully combined .
Stir in the oats until incorporated .
6 . Spread the mixture onto a 9 - inch - by - 13 - inch baking sheet and bake until golden brown and set , about 20 minutes .
Remove from heat and cool to the touch on a rack .
Crumble the cooled cookie to use in the crust .
Crust
Crumbled cookie for crust
1/4 cup ( 1/2 stick ) butter
1 1/2 tablespoons ( 3/4 ounce ) brown sugar
1/8 teaspoon salt
Combine the crumbled cookie , butter , brown sugar and salt in a food processor and pulse until evenly combined and blended ( a little of the mixture clumped between your fingers should hold together ) .
Divide the crust between 2 ( 10 - inch ) pie tins .
Press the crust into each shell to form a thin , even layer along the bottom and sides of the tins .
Set the prepared crusts aside while you prepare the filling .
Filling
1 1/2 cups ( 10 1/2 ounces ) sugar
3/4 cup plus a scant 3 tablespoons ( 7 ounces ) light brown sugar
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/3 cup plus 1 teaspoon ( 3/4 ounce ) milk powder
1 cup ( 2 sticks ) butter , melted
3/4 cup plus a scant 2 tablespoons heavy cream
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
8 egg yolks
2 prepared crusts
Powdered sugar , garnish
1 . Heat the oven to 350 degrees .
2 . In a large bowl , whisk together the sugar , brown sugar , salt and milk powder .
Whisk in the melted butter , then whisk in the heavy cream and vanilla .
3 . Gently whisk in the egg yolks , being careful not to add too much air .
4 . Divide the filling evenly between the 2 prepared pie shells .
5 . Bake the pies , one at a time , for 15 minutes , then reduce the heat to 325 degrees and bake until the filling is slightly jiggly and golden brown ( similar to a pecan pie ) , about 10 minutes .
Remove the pies and cool on a rack .
6. Refrigerate the cooled pies until well chilled .
The pies are meant to be served cold , and the filling will be gooey .
Dust with powdered sugar before serving .
Each of 16 servings : 432 calories ; 4 grams protein ; 45 grams carbohydrates ; 1 gram fiber ; 27 grams fat ; 16 grams saturated fat ; 187 mg. cholesterol ; 36 grams sugar ; 125 mg. sodium .
Sure , the playoffs are right around the corner , and the Predators are on fire , but its time to shift our attentions momentarily to another issue - the re-signing of the team 's leading goal - scorer , Patric Hornqvist .
Hornqvist will be a restricted free agent at the end of the year , which means if he signs with another team the Predators will be reimbursed to a certain extent via draft picks .
Follow after the jump for a look at his performance and how it compares to some other NHL snipers ...
For discussion 's sake , here are his numbers :
GP G A P +/- PIM PPG SHG GWG GTG SOG PCT 2009 - Patric Hornqvist ( $ 713,000 , 23yo ) 72 28 17 45 14 32 10 0 8 0 242 11.6
There 's little doubt that " Horn Dog " has been at the very least the team 's offensive MVP this season .
He has a chance to break Jason Arnott 's Nashville goal scoring record , needing six goals in ten games to do so .
There 's little doubt , too , that he needs to be locked up long - term .
The Predators do n't have an abundance of scoring , so when you find a diamond in the rough like Hornqvist its important to keep him around .
His game is not as well - known as Martin Erat 's , so do n't expect a contract over 4 million per year , and he 's only had this sort of success in the short term .
With that in mind , here are some players with similar numbers and their respective cap hits ( starting , obviously , on the higher end of things ) :
GP G A P +/- PIM PPG SHG GWG GTG SOG PCT 2009 - Loui Eriksson ( $ 4,266,000 , 24yo ) 2009 - Ryan Malone ( $ 4,500,000 , 30yo ) 2009 - Brooks Laich ( $ 2,066,066 , 26yo ) 2009 - Radim Vrbata ( $ 3,000,000 , 28yo ) 72 65 72 73 26 21 24 23 37 23 32 19 63 44 56 42 - 7 - 9 +13 +11 22 59 32 24 6 7 11 6 2 0 1 0 2 7 3 4 0 0 0 0 192 169 210 245 13.5 12.4 11.4 9.4
Obviously , what stands out here is the efficiency of Eriksson , then the overpayment of Malone .
Brooks Laich , on the other hand , is incredibly productive for his salary .
There were other players to choose from , but I felt that these gave us both ends of the spectrum and a good idea for what to expect .
If I were general manager David Poile , I would offer Patric Hornqvist a three year deal worth a little over two million per year .
What this does is rewards Patric for an excellent season while putting faith in him for the future without overpaying and hamstringing your budget as Tampa Bay did with Malone .
I now turn the floor over to the reader - what would you pay Patric Hornqvist ?
" Yes , it 's true .
She did get married this weekend . "
This is what a rep for Yunjin Kim tells us of rumors circling that the Lost actress got married in Hawaii yesterday to her boyfriend , Jeong Hyeok Park .
The two have known each other since 2002 , when he became her manager .
Turns out this wedding is interesting timing , given what 's happening with Lost right now :
Las Vegas , Nevada ( CNN ) --
To some men , she might seem like the perfect woman :
She 's a willowy 5 feet 7 and 120 pounds .
She 'll chat with you endlessly about your interests .
And she 'll have sex whenever you please -- as long as her battery does n't run out .
Meet Roxxxy , who may be the world 's most sophisticated talking female sex robot .
For $ 7,000 , she 's all yours .
" She does n't vacuum or cook , but she does almost everything else , " said her inventor , Douglas Hines , who unveiled Roxxxy last month at the Adult Entertainment Expo in Las Vegas , Nevada .
Lifelike dolls , artificial sex organs and sex - chat phone lines have been keeping the lonely company for decades .
But Roxxxy takes virtual companionship to a new level .
Powered by a computer under her soft silicone " skin , " she employs voice - recognition and speech - synthesis software to answer questions and carry on conversations .
She even comes loaded with five distinct " personalities , " from Frigid Farrah to Wild Wendy , that can be programmed to suit customers ' preferences .
" There 's a tremendous need for this kind of product , " said Hines , a computer scientist and former Bell Labs engineer .
Roxxxy wo n't be available for delivery for several months , but Hines is taking pre-orders through his Web site , TrueCompanion.com , where thousands of men have signed up .
" They 're like , ' I ca n't wait to meet her , ' " Hines said .
" It 's almost like the anticipation of a first date . "
Women have inquired about ordering a sex robot , too .
Hines says a female sex therapist even contacted him about buying one for her patients .
Roxxxy has been like catnip to talk - show hosts since her debut at AEE , the largest porn- industry convention in the country .
In a recent monologue , Jay Leno expressed amazement that a sex robot could carry on lifelike conversations and express realistic emotions .
" Luckily , guys , " he joked , " there 's a button that turns that off . "
Curious conventioneers packed Hines ' AEE booth last month in Las Vegas , asking questions and stroking Roxxxy 's skin as she sat on a couch in a black negligee .
" Roxxxy generated a lot of buzz at AEE , " said Grace Lee , spokeswoman for the porn-industry convention .
" The prevailing sentiment of everyone I talked to about Roxxxy is ' version 1.0 , ' but people were fascinated by the concept , and it caused them to rethink the possibilities of ' sex toys . ' "
Hines , a self - professed happily married man from Lincoln Park , New Jersey , says he spent more than three years developing the robot after trying to find a marketable application for his artificial - intelligence technology .
Roxxxy 's body is made from hypoallergenic silicone -- the kind of stuff in prosthetic limbs -- molded over a rigid skeleton .
She can not move on her own but can be contorted into almost any natural position .
To create her shape , a female model spent a week posing for a series of molds .
The robot runs on a self - contained battery that lasts about three hours on one charge , Hines says .
Customers can recharge Roxxxy with an electrical cord that plugs into her back .
A motor in her chest pumps heated air through a tube that winds through the robot's body , which Hines says keeps her warm to the touch .
Roxxxy also has sensors in her hands and genital areas -- yes , she is anatomically correct -- that will trigger vocal responses from her when touched .
She even shudders to simulate orgasm .
When someone speaks to Roxxxy , her computer converts the words to text and then uses pattern - recognition software to match them against a database containing hundreds of appropriate responses .
The robot then answers aloud -- her prerecorded " voice " is supplied by an unnamed radio host -- through a loudspeaker hidden under her wig .
" Everything you say to her is processed .
It 's very near real time , almost without delay , " Hines said of the dynamics of human - Roxxxy conversation .
" To make it as realistic as possible , she has different dialogue at different times .
She talks in her sleep .
She even snores . "
( The snoring feature can be turned off , he says . )
Roxxxy understands and speaks only English for now , but Hines ' True Companion company is developing Japanese and Spanish versions .
For an extra fee , he 'll also record customizable dialogue and phrases for each client , which means Roxxxy could talk to you about NASCAR , say , or the intricacies of politics in the Middle East .
Hines believes that Roxxxy is a step above other love dolls -- the similar but mute RealDoll costs about $ 5,500 -- because her conversational abilities provide something close to emotional companionship .
His customer base ?
Shy , awkward or older men who " have trouble meeting girls , " he says .
In an industry known for pushing the technological envelope , observers are curious about how Roxxxy will fare in the marketplace .
" Is this a viable product ?
Yes , " said Sherri Shaulis , an editor at Adult Video News , a trade magazine for the pornographic industry .
" There 's a market for it .
Granted , it 's a very small market . "
Maybe not .
TrueCompanion claims that more than 4,000 men have placed pre-orders for Roxxxy robots , and another 20,000 or so have requested information about the product .
TrueCompanion also is developing a male sex robot , named Rocky .
" There 's really nothing like this on the market , " said Hines , who speaks of his unique creation with what seems like genuine affection .
" Whenever she 's out in public , everyone wants to talk to her and pose for pictures .
It 's so cute . "
The Lace Fence designed by Demakersvan is a security fence unique in its design by its craft and assembled patterns .
The patterns come in a variety of themes , showing how something which was meant purely functional can also be decorative .
( A mother approaches me , violently dragging her two teenage boys along . )
Mother : “ I demand you call the police immediately and have them arrest those ‘ flashers ’ at once ! ”
( She motions to the two topless girls on the beach . )
Me : “ Actually , here in Ontario , it ’s legal for women to go topless .
Are you not from around here ? ”
Mother : “ I am from America where we have morals and standards .
You people sicken me !
They are far too young to be doing that ! ”
Me : “ Sorry , ma’am , but there is technically no age limit on the law .
It applies the same as it does to your sons . ”
Mother : “ Is there not a family section for decent people to enjoy the beach without these sick perverts exposing themselves to everyone ? ”
Me : “ Again , I apologize , but it ’s not about the beach .
It ’s legal for women of any age to go topless anywhere outdoors they please … same as men . ”
Mother : “ I will sue this whole country for punitive damages !
My sons will be scarred for life ! ”
( Her sons are clearly scarred , as they are staring at the topless girls with huge grins on their faces .
All of a sudden , three more topless girls walk past .
She attempts to cover both her sons ’ eyes with her hands . )
Mother : “ Heathens !
You will all burn in Hell !
Sinners and perverts , that ’s all you Canadians are ! ”
A longtime ( hopeful ) rumor of PC Savants and MMO - addicts alike , the recent court filings of Bethsoft ’s lawsuit against Fallout IP - holder Interplay have – perhaps accidentally – revealed a massively multiplayer online game based on the Elder Scrolls franchise .
Found , as always , by series fansite Duck and Cover , the parent company Zenimax had hired Dark Ages of Camelot producer Matt Firor to head an online division of the company in 2007 .
Since the hiring , the transcript revealed that “ tens and tens of millions of dollars ” have been injected into the project of “ close to a hundred people . ”
The injunction script also mentioned that the Elder Scrolls MMO has been developed on a four - year production lifecycle , which would put its prospective release at some point in 2011 .
VG247 has since confirmed the project as carrying the Elder Scrolls brand .
Bethsoft has not returned any call for comments from Elder - Geek .
Next to national health care , no liberal dream has lingered longer in the nation 's public policy than high - speed rail .
No surprise that it hit the ground in President Obama 's State of the Union speech .
Like health care , the justifications shift with the political winds .
High - speed rail 's current rationale , needless to say , is jobs .
Unlike real jobs created by the private sector , taxpayers get to pay for those in high - speed rail .
Let 's look at the Orlando - to - Tampa proposal .
Start with the number Mr. Obama attached to an Orlando - Tampa high - speed railway : $ 1.25 billion .
That 's a lot but cannot possibly be the bottom line .
With rail , it never is .
Florida voters know it too .
High - speed rail has a long history in Florida dating to 1982 when the governor established a development committee .
Florida has since nixed high - speed rail three times because of costs .
In 2004 , voters repealed a 2000 ballot initiative requiring the state to build a high - speed rail system because they did n't want to foot the bill .
You would think this nearly 30 - year history of rejection would send a signal to the train lobby , but with the Obama revival , it 's back .
The Florida Department of Transportation estimates the Tampa - Orlando project will cost $ 3.5 billion .
But according to a 2009 GAO report , new high - speed rail projects in France , Spain and Japan average $ 51 million per mile .
You read that right — $ 51 million per mile .
That would put the cost of the Tampa - Orlando line at $ 4.28 billion .
Which means the state will be on the hook for $ 3 billion .
Solar power combined with fancy - looking cases ?
The perfect storm for getting an end - of - the - week mention on the Gadget Lab .
Today its the turn of the Novothink Solar Surge , an iPhone and iPad Touch case with a solar panel and a lithium - ion polymer battery .
Instead of just gluing some photo - sensitive panels to the back of a case , Novothink has , well , actually thought about the design .
In sunlight , the case can grab enough juice in a half - hour two - hours for 30 minutes talk time on 3G and an hour on 2G .
That 's enough to make this case useful on its own , especially as outdoors is exactly the place you can't plug in a charger .
The case also has a hole for hooking onto a carabiner and hanging from a backpack – a bad idea in the city , but out in the wilderness and away from pickpockets it is ideal .
For once , the iPod Touch gets some extra love :
The Touch version of the case , due to the extra space afforded by the iPod 's slim body , has a 1500 mAH battery ( the iPhone 's is 1320 mAH ) .
Both cases , when fully charged , will double the life of the devices .
There 's even a free iPhone app to help you calculate how much sunbathing your case has to do to get you through a day .
Other neat touches are the row of LEDs to tell you how much power is left and , on the inevitable cloudy days , the regular USB socket in the case means you can charge ( and sync ) without Apple 's custom cord .
The Apple - certified cases are n't cheap , but for such utilitarian devices they certainly look good .
The iPod Touch case is $ 70 ( on offer right now at $ 53 ) and the iPhone version costs $ 80 .
Surge for iPod Touch [ Novothink .
Thanks ,
Matt ! ]
Surge for iPhone [ Novothink ]
See Also :
Posted by ayaan on 19 Jan 2010 / 0 Comment
Earlier this month , British Prime Minister Gordon Brown called for a gradual introduction of body scanners into U.K. airports following the failed attack on an American airliner on Christmas Day European nations are split over the necessity of introducing the body scanners .
Italy , the Netherlands , and the United Kingdom are planning to install the scanners on a large scale in the near future , while France , Germany and Spain remain undecided , with the Belgian Home Secretary coming out to declare the measures as “ excessive . ”
The body scanners have been likened to a “ virtual strip - search , ” leading to concerns over the violation of personal privacy from the European Human Rights Commission ( EHRC ) , among other bodies .
Trevor Phillips , head of the EHRC has said that the machines breach privacy laws , as well as expressing concerns over possible racial and ethnic profiling of black , Asian and Muslim passengers .
In a letter to Home Secretary Alan Johnson , Phillips said , “ the government needs to ensure that measures to protect this right also take into account the need to be proportionate in its counter - terrorism proposals and ensure that they are justified by evidence and effectiveness . ”
The debate surrounding the topic has touched on a number of human rights concerns , such as the possible infringement of child protection laws involved in forming and distributing indecent images of children , which has lead to the trial of these scanners to exclude those under 18 .
Many groups have spoken against the possibility of disproportionately picking minority groups for checks , and several news outlets have discussed the possibility of these scans being particularly offensive to Muslim women , who may choose to dress modestly , as well as being targeted for profiling on the basis of their race , religion or appearance .
As much as having naked images of their bodies taken and viewed by strangers may be an upsetting idea to many Muslim women , why focus only on us ?
Or religious groups in general ( The Jewish Daily Forward ’s article claims that the airport scanners run “ afoul of Jewish law . ” ) ?
The American Civil Liberties Union has issued a statement against the scanners that does not single out any specific religious group or gender .
It seems likely many people would be equally offended by both the breach of personal privacy and the indignity of being constantly suspect while traveling or merely going about their business — why should the media assume that Muslim women are the only ones who will have ethical , ideological , or personal issues about the airport body scanners ?
The reduction of Muslim women to their clothing , the reduction of the dignity of Muslim women to the act of covering our bodies , and the reduction of all of the concerns of Muslim women to the modesty of their dress leads to a lack of acknowledgment for the modesty of other groups of people , in addition to a lack of attempts to address the many and varied other concerns facing Muslim women .
There are lots of ways one might bookend the New Labour years , if they are indeed coming to an end .
One of the more obscure is the long and intractable argument about badgers .
Not badgers as in cute , furry black - and - white creatures that we all love to glimpse pottering down rural roads at night , but badgers as evil , the reservoirs of a kind of tuberculosis that they give to cows , and that cows give to them .
It illustrates all Labour 's caution , the desire to appease every shade of opinion , the emphasis on fact and the capitulation to emotion – in fact all the stuff of daily politics .
And after 13 years , a conclusion is no nearer than it was in 1997 .
The badger debate brings head - on conflict between the economics of farming and the passionate defenders of the rights of animals , particularly wild animals .
Both sides can marshall quantities of science to their support .
They also tend to fall into rival political camps .
To generalise more than a bit , farmers mostly are n't Labour and friends of the badgers mostly are n't Tory .
Veterinary opinion leans to the farmers .
The Independent Scientific Group on Cattle TB that was set up to try to make sense of the evidence leans towards the badger .
For a wonderful example of the ding - dong that results , see the Defra website .
There are four important ways that bovine TB is spread .
Badgers give it to badgers .
Cows give it to cows .
Badgers give it to cows .
And cows give it to badgers .
The rival positions might be caricatured like this : if you kill all the badgers and all the cows with TB , then you 'll cure the problem .
But if you kill all the badgers ( because you can't tell which ones have TB ) and left the cows , or if you kill all the cows with TB and all the cows that might have TB , then you wo n't .
The disease will carry on spreading .
Because for as long as there are badgers with TB , some cows that do n't have TB will continue to catch it from them ( do n't ask how , you really do n't want to know ) and give it to other cows .
And if you kill all the badgers but leave the cows , then cows with TB will spread it to the badgers that repopulate the area .
Either way , off you go again .
One place that does n't have a problem is Scotland .
Stringent testing of cattle – and particularly of those that have just arrived from infected areas south of the border ( the south - west of England and west Wales are hot spots ) – has meant the country has achieved the EU 's highly desirable TB - free status .
No one is suggesting kill the badgers and leave the cows .
But the Welsh assembly is proposing killing the badgers in west Wales , and at the same time strictly monitoring and culling infected cattle .
The rural affairs minister , Elin Jones , argues that this is , as far as it is understood , best practice : the area is bounded on three sides by water , reducing ( but not eliminating ) the impact of the most powerful argument against a cull – that the moment you clear an area of badgers , other , possibly infected , badgers move in from neighbouring areas , while others understandably scarper outwards , spreading the disease and triggering higher rather than lower infection rates in the immediate surrounding area .
They propose continuing the cull for at least five years .
George Monbiot says this is daft .
How can you test two propositions at once , especially when there is no controlled experiment taking place ?
And of course , scientifically speaking , he is quite right .
But this is not an experiment in any scientific sense .
It is a pilot .
Perfectly sane and lucid critics also argue that it is not a viable long - term solution .
Only an effective vaccine against TB in badgers , combined with much more stringent cattle testing , will keep the disease under control .
Elimination is not an option .
Unfortunately , there is not yet ( though there might be within the next five years ) such a vaccine .
As for stricter , and broader , monitoring of cattle , that is another political hurdle that neither Cardiff nor Westminster has managed to tackle : the more you test , and the more you cull , the more expensive it becomes .
For those engaged on both sides – such as Brian May , who clearly cares passionately about badgers – this is a defining moment , one that reveals our innermost souls .
But maybe , if you strip away the furry black - and - white faces , and blot out the image of a cow 's liquid brown eyes , and really , really , address the issues – well , it is a really hard call .
But then , that 's politics .
Latest softwares & Gadgets .
Cars & All Type Of Vehicles Pictures , Mobile Phone Reviews .
Funny , Strange , Cute , Lovely & Beautiful Pictures & Videos .
Latest Celebrities Wallpapers , , Jokes , Stories & All Other Inspirational And Informative Stuff & Much More Which U Love To See in Ur inbox
The burden of responsibility for programming errors should be on the shoulders of the vendors who create them , not on the buyer , according to a group of security experts who have banded together to identify common programming mistakes .
For the second year in a row , the group of experts from more than 30 U.S. and international cyber security organizations have released a list of the 25 most dangerous programming errors that enable security bugs , cyber espionage and cyber crime ( See last year 's list in Security Experts ID Top 25 Programming Errors ) .
" These 25 programming errors , and their " on the cusp cousins " have been the cause of nearly every major type of cyber attack , including recent penetrations of Google , power systems , military systems , and millions of other attacks on small businesses and home users , " officials said in a statement on the findings .
" A global effort to eliminate these programming errors is the first step against organized cyber criminals , and the persistent threat from competing nation states . "
Also see ' Software security for developers '
The Top 25 effort was managed by MITRE and the SANS Institute , but the impetus for the project came from the National Security Agency and it received financial support from the U.S. Department of Homeland Security 's National Cyber Security Division .
In addition to identifying the errors , the group agreed on a standard for contract language between software buyers and developers .
The hope is that use of this contract language will ensure buyers are not held liable for software containing faulty code .
Coding errors are a common gateway for attackers to penetrate networks , said officials with the project ( Read about a certification from ISC2 that targets secure software development practices and expertise )
" Nearly every attack is enabled by mistakes programmers make that provide a handhold for attackers , " said Alan Paller , Director of Research , SANS Institute .
" The only way programming errors can be eradicated is by making software development organizations legally liable for the errors .
And that can only be done if there is a safe harbor . "
Paller said Tuesday 's announcement serves as what the group hopes to be the foundation for that so - called ' safe harbor ' and that software vendors will in the future be held liable for their errors because the list now creates a definitive minimum standard of due care .
" There appears to be broad agreement on the programming errors , " said SANS Director , Mason Brown .
" Now it is time for buyers to say 'we are mad as h*ll , and we are not going to buy software unless you get rid of these errors before you deliver it to us . '
Last November , Martin Feldstein pointed out a
fatal flaw of Obamacare in the Washington Post
: It will be rational for individuals and companies to drop their current health insurance , pay the penalties , and wait to purchase insurance when they get sick :
A key feature of the House and Senate health bills would prevent insurance companies from denying coverage to anyone with preexisting conditions .
The new coverage would start immediately , and the premium could not reflect the individual 's health condition .
This well - intentioned feature would provide a strong incentive for someone who is healthy to drop his or her health insurance , saving the substantial premium costs .
After all , if serious illness hit this person or a family member , he could immediately obtain coverage .
As healthy individuals decline coverage in this way , insurance companies would come to have a sicker population .
The higher cost of insuring that group would force insurers to raise their premiums .
( Separate accident policies might develop to deal with the risk of high - cost care after accidents when there is insufficient time to buy insurance . )
In an attempt to prevent this , the draft legislation provides penalties for individuals who choose not to buy insurance and for employers that do not offer health insurance .
But the levels of these fines are generally too low to cause a rational individual to insure .
Consider : 27 million people are covered by health insurance purchased directly , i.e. outside employer - based plans .
The average cost of an insurance policy with family coverage in 2009 is $ 13,375 .
A married couple with a median family income of $ 75,000 who choose not to insure would be subject to a fine of 2.5 percent of that $ 75,000 , or $ 1,875 .
So the family would save a net $ 11,500 by not insuring .
If a serious illness occurs -- a chronic condition or a condition that requires surgery -- they could then buy insurance .
Since fewer than one family in four has annual health - care costs that exceed $ 10,000 , the decision to drop coverage looks like a good bet .
For a lower - income family , the fine is smaller , and the incentive to be uninsured is even greater .
The story is similar for single people .
The average cost of an individual policy is $ 4,800 .
An individual with earnings of $ 50,000 would face a fine of $ 1,250 and would therefore save $ 3,550 by not insuring .
In short , for those who are now privately insured through employers or by direct purchase , there would be substantial incentives to become uninsured until they become sick .
The resulting rise in the cost to insurance companies as the insured population becomes sicker would raise the average premium , strengthening that incentive .
Fortunately , the recent global financial crisis has spurred the international community to keep the financial system in check and reduce its exploitation by the unscrupulous .
During the G - 20 summit in September , the world ’s leading industrialized and developing economies committed to fight this scourge and reclaim stolen capital for development — an endeavor that puts international financial centers at the front line of the battle .
At a time of heightened mistrust of the financial sector worldwide , financial institutions would go a long way in addressing their credibility gap by deepening their commitment to fight corruption .
The Financial Action Task Force , the international body that combats money laundering and the financing of terrorism , has recently agreed to strengthen its efforts against corruption .
The task force recognized the proceeds of corruption as a significant risk to the international financial system .
It agreed to further cooperation between financial intelligence units and law enforcement .
It also decided to strengthen its tools to prevent and detect the abuse of the financial system by cronies and their associates .
We strongly welcome these developments , and the World Bank Group will continue to closely work with the FATF for more effective results .
But much more is needed .
At the World Bank Group we are working together with U.N. Office on Drugs and Crime on the Stolen Asset Recovery Initiative to underscore that stronger standards are not enough without adequate implementation .
To be effective , the financial system needs to be vigilant , to periodically review politically exposed persons ’ accounts , to require the declaration of individual owners behind a company and other financial disclosures .
Success will depend on active cooperation between the public and the private sector , along with international organizations and civil society .
Financial institutions must become a central part in efforts against theft to ensure there are no financial safe havens for stolen funds .
They could begin by taking voluntary initiatives to show they are serious in ensuring that “ corrupt money stays out of my bank ! ”
IT IS supposed to be a cosy chat between friends , but the onstage conversation scheduled for February 18th between Hank Paulson and Jeffrey Immelt could turn into a fight to preserve the reputation of at least one of these corporate titans .
Until a few days ago this event , to be held at a cultural centre in New York , looked like a classic example of the old pals ' act — Mr Paulson , a former treasury secretary and boss of Goldman Sachs , having insisted on being interviewed about his new book by his friend , Mr Immelt , the boss of General Electric , rather than by a journalist .
( In a similar event on February 9th Mr Paulson took soft - ball questions from another old chum , Warren Buffett . )
Now , assuming the event goes ahead at all , it could turn into a brawl .
This is because of revelations by Mr Paulson in “ On The Brink : Inside the Race to Stop the Collapse of the Global Financial System ” , about discussions that he claims to have had with the boss of GE in the thick of the financial crisis in the autumn of 2008 .
GE and Mr Immelt dispute his account .
Bloomberg
On September 8th that year , a week before Lehman Brothers filed for bankruptcy and triggered the market meltdown , “ Jeff Immelt called to tell me that his company was having problems selling commercial paper .
This stunned me , ” writes Mr Paulson .
“ If GE could n't sell its paper , what did that mean for other US companies ? ”
A week later , on the day of Lehman 's bankruptcy , the book says Mr Immelt stopped by the then treasury secretary 's office at 6 pm , “ following up on a phone call from the week before when , just after the takeovers of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , he 'd mentioned that GE was having problems in the commercial - paper market .
His report had alarmed me then . ”
On October 12th , says Mr Paulson 's book , Mr Immelt voiced his support for a Treasury programme to guarantee bank debt that did not extend to GE , only to change his mind overnight , asking for the company to be included in the programme after all , because “ I 'm worried about my company and our ability to roll over paper in the face of this . ”
This account of events is strongly disputed by GE .
Even before the book came out the company was facing lawsuits from shareholders accusing it of giving misleading information during this period , when it had raised $ 15 billion by selling equity .
Critics say that GE gave the impression that it was in good health and that the difficulties in selling commercial paper were triggered by Lehman 's collapse .
GE also suggested that it only got involved in the government 's commercial - paper guarantee programme as a show of support for a scheme that would help other firms , not because it needed to .
“ GE 's public disclosures were accurate and to suggest that they were misleading is wrong and irresponsible , ” said the firm in a statement approved by its lawyers .
Moreover , according to GE , Mr Immelt disputes Mr Paulson 's account of their conversations on September 8th and 15th : he does not believe they discussed problems with GE 's corporate paper .
Mr Paulson 's description of his approach to memoir writing will be a godsend to GE 's lawyers , should it ever come to that : “ I have been blessed with a good memory , ” he explains at the start of the book , “ so I have almost never needed to take notes . ”
Nonetheless , the lawyers leading the class - action suit on behalf of disgruntled GE shareholders certainly found encouragement in Mr Paulson 's words .
Don Langevoort , a professor of securities law at Georgetown University , was reported by ProPublica , an investigative website , as saying , “ Assuming what 's in the book is accurate , it offers new facts that any judge would have to take very seriously in deciding whether to allow a suit alleging a violation of securities law to go forward . ”
GE retorted , “ We strongly disagree with Langevoort and this does n't change anything in the lawsuit .
GE 's public disclosures were accurate . ”
Mr Paulson 's comments have also added to the worries of influential GE bears
Mr Paulson 's comments have also added to the worries of influential GE bears , such as Charles Ortel of Newport Value Partners , an investment adviser .
As long ago as August 2007 he was worried that all sorts of lousy investments were lurking in GE 's opaque finance division , GE Capital , and that “ a gathering storm of liabilities will swarm the parent company ” .
He now fears that , for all Mr Immelt 's well - publicised efforts to clean house by reducing the amount of risk within GE Capital and reducing its reliance on short - term commercial paper , GE is one of the likeliest candidates to spring a nasty surprise on the global capital markets this year — one that might send the markets into another meltdown .
“ Our delinquencies have stabilised , ” said Mr Immelt on January 22nd , announcing a 19 % year - on - year decline in GE 's profits in the fourth quarter .
“ The world we are looking at has improved . ”
If only the same could be said for GE 's share price , which has tumbled in the days since Mr Paulson 's book was published , and ( although it remains higher than its lows of last spring ) is now more than 40 % below what it was when the conversations between Mr Paulson and Mr Immelt took place in late 2008 .
Their forthcoming discussion , if it happens , will at least be in public and on the record .
It ought to be interesting .
OTTAWA — Airline passengers are getting hit with fee hikes to pay for tens of millions in new security equipment at Canadian airports .
Transport Minister John Baird announced Thursday that the security fee was going up to cover the cost of extra security screeners and scanners .
Fees now range from $ 5 to $ 16 , depending on the length of a flight and its destination .
The cost of the fee on a one - way domestic ticket will rise by $ 2.58 ; for a trans - border ticket it rises $ 4.37 and $ 8.91 on an international ticket .
Coinciding with the extra fees is a $ 1.5 billion investment in aviation security over five years , Baird said .
The extra cash is meant to cover ballooning security expenses .
That ’s a stiff price for travellers who are already paying a price of added hassles for the extra security screening put in place in recent months .
Airport security was dramatically boosted after the Sept. 11 , 2001 terrorist hijackings and heightened again after a foiled bombing this past Christmas on a Detroit - bound jetliner .
That last incident prompted Ottawa to buy sophisticated — and costly — body scanners for major airports nationwide .
The announcement at Ottawa International Airport is a bid by the government to get the bad news out of the way before next Thursday ’s budget .
But it calls into question the pledge by senior Conservatives that this budget would not raise taxes .
“ A tax is a tax is a tax , ” said New Democrat finance critic Thomas Mulcair .
He said the government is trying to “ rationalize ” a new tax by calling it a security fee .
Mulcair called Baird ’s airport announcement one week before the budget a bald - faced “ communications effort . ”
“ If Baird can get away with putting lipstick on this pig , then they figure maybe next week they can announce a whole bunch of new tariffs and fees and say that they have n’t raised taxes , they ’ve just raised tariffs and fees ? ”
To say the fee is not a tax because it only applies to air travelers , not to everyone is “ ridiculous , ” said Mulcair .
“ It does n’t even make any sense . ”
“ They are nickel - and - diming the travelling public , but their choice is to give billions in corporate tax reductions .
That ’s what this is about .
Instead of doing the responsible thing , and saying they wo n’t give the next round of tax reductions to corporations , they ’re going after the travelling public . ”
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
“ Of course they ’re trying to give themselves a clear conscience by saying it only applies to the people who are using airports , but let ’s be serious . ”
Mulcair said the fact that new body scanners are coming online is irrelevant , because technology constantly changes for services provided by the government at the airport .
“ Who cares ?
This is just a new tax for something that was already being provided by government , and for him to be referring to new machines as if we would n’t have been buying new machines without this new tax is just nonsense . ”
“ They ’re just not being honest with Canadians , ” said Mulcair , adding all the fees and taxes tacked onto passenger airline tickets make it harder and harder for the airline industry .
“ They can call it whatever they want , but at the end of the day , a tax by any other name is a tax . ”
Liberal transport critic Joe Volpe said in a televised interview it is “ outrageous ” that the government is passing on the cost of scanners –initially pegged at $ 11 million a year – by raising $ 1.5 million over five years .
Volpe said it ’s tantamount to the government trying to raise “ $ 300 million a year to cover something we said was only going to cost $ 11 million . ”
He slammed the fact the fee was announced “ outside ” the usual budgetary process and outside the parliamentary precinct .
“ They ’ve already made the expenditures and now they ’re going to tax a portion of the public in order to ensure that it gets covered . ”
“ I do n’t know … how gullible they think people are .
But this is a tax by any definition , ” said Volpe .
“ This is another boondoggle perpetrated on the Canadian taxpayer . ”
“ This is an indication that the government is not going to live up to any of its promises about no taxation .
They do n’t know where they ’re going , but you know that we ’re all going to pay for it . ”
Read more about :
The phylogeny of arthropods has always been messy .
One reason is that studies trying to discern their evolutionary relationships often use too few taxa ( this is , after all , the most species - rich of all animal groups ) , and , especially , too few genes .
Conclusions have been based , for example , on only 18S and 28S rRNA and mtDNA ( the latter is , of course , effectively one gene ) .
And this has led to conflicting conclusions , some of which contravene morphologically - based systematics .
For example , morphology seems to define a group called the “ mandibulata ” : all those arthropods that have mandibles .
But some molecular work has lumped the myriapods ( centipedes and millipedes ) , which have mandibles , together with the chelicerates , which do n’t have mandibles but a nonhomologous biting structure called chelicerae .
( Chelicerates include spiders , horseshoe crabs , pycnogonids , and the like ; see Fig. 1 below ) .
Now , a new paper in Nature by Regier et al. has come up with a near - definitive family tree of arthropods that resolves many of the questions that arose from studies using lesser resolution .
In their work , Regier et al. used many arthropod species ( 75 , to be exact ) , and 62 single - copy genes that were orthologous in species from flies to humans .
This is a huge genetic sample , allowing for a good , well - supported tree based on 41 kilobases of DNA sequence .
We need n’t go into the messy details , but there are three quite important findings .
1. Insects ( “ Hexapoda ” ) are not a sister group of crustaceans , as was indicated by some molecular studies .
Nor are they the sister group of myriapods , the traditional arrangement supported by morphology .
Instead , insects are nested within crustaceans ( see Figure 1 ) .
In the same sense that birds are dinosaurs , then , insects are crustaceans .
2 . The sister group of insects within crustaceans comprises two rather obscure taxa that were long thought to be primitive : the cephalocarids and the remipedes .
Regier et al. , however , find these two groups ( see below ) belong to the monophyletic clade called Xenocarida .
Their “ primitiveness ” is thus deceptive .
Now the fact that some crustaceans , like the Xenocarida , are more closely related to insects than to other crustaceans means that the group “ Crustacea ” is paraphyletic , since , by not including insects , it does n’t include all descendants of the common ancestor .
If we want to be punctilious taxonomists , we ’d have to dump the name “ Crustacea ” , or else reclassify insects as crustaceans .
3 . The Mandibulata , mandible - carrying arthropods , is now confirmed as a real monophyletic group , since the myriapods now join all the other mandible - bearing beasts , as they should .
Maybe this seems arcane to those who are n’t interested in arthropods , but it really does seem to settle long - standing questions about where the insects came from .
And it sets the standard for the numbers of species and genes that should be included in a good phylogenetic analysis .
Figure 1 ( from Regier et al. ) .
The phylogeny of arthropods .
Fig .
2 . Speleonectes tulumensis , a marine crustacean , a remipede , and a member of Xenocarida , the sister group of insects
Fig .
3 . A cephalocarid , also a member of the Xenocarida
h/t : Phil Ward , Cliff Cunningham
__________
Regier , J. C. J. W. Shultz , A. Zwick , A. Hussey , B. Ball , R. Wetzer , J. W. Martin and C. W. Cunningham .
2010 .
Arthropod relationships revealed by phylogenomic analysis of nuclear protein - coding sequences .
Nature 463:1079 -1083 .
( Reuters ) - Toshiba Corp and Microsoft Corp Chairman Bill Gates would team up to develop a next - generation nuclear reactor that can operate for up to 100 years without refueling , the Nikkei business daily said .
Current light - water reactors require refueling once every several years , the paper said .
TerraPower , which is effectively owned by Gates , and Toshiba would focus on the Traveling - Wave Reactor ( TWR ) , which consumes depleted uranium as fuel , Nikkei said .
TWRs will likely come in sizes ranging from 100,000 Kilowatts to 1 million KW , which is comparable to many of today ’s reactors in terms of power output , the paper said .
The major Japanese nuclear power systems maker has already developed a design for an ultra compact reactor , known as the Super - Safe , Small and Simple ( 4S ) , that can operate continuously for 30 years , Nikkei said .
Toshiba expects to get U.S. approval for its ultracompact 4S design , with an output of about 10,000 KW , this fall and start construction of the first such reactor by 2014 , the paper said .
Toshiba expects that about 80 percent of the technologies used in the 4S reactor can be applied to the TWR .
But one issue for the TWR is developing materials that can withstand nuclear reactions for such long periods of time , a problem that is expected to take more than 10 years to solve , the business daily said .
Toshiba will likely handle mass production of the reactors if the effort is successful , the daily said .
Gates is expected to use his personal wealth to back the development of TWRs and may invest as much as several hundred billion yen , the paper said .
This site uses cookies to improve your browsing experience ; the website may not work as expected without them .
By continuing to browse this site , you consent to the use of cookies .
By clicking “ Accept ” , you consent to the use of ALL the cookies .
It has been about a year since the music labels got what they had been asking for from the major online music stores : tiered music pricing .
Problem is , that system may not be working out as well as the labels had hoped — Warner Music Group has reported slowed digital music growth since the pricing changes , and even though the company tried to spin the news as positive , it acknowledged that the timing may not have been the best .
Warner 's digital sales ( and by " digital , " it means online sales , not CDs ) made up 20 percent of its total revenue in its quarter ending on December 31 , 2009 — flat sequentially from the previous quarter .
Unit growth in " digital track equivalent albums " saw a five percent growth rate during the December quarter , though it 's down from 10 percent in the September quarter and 11 percent earlier in the year .
Digital revenues were up eight percent year over year , compared to 20 percent the year prior .
As noted by MediaMemo , this slowdown in growth has all happened over the same period of time that the iTunes ( and Amazon , and Walmart ) pricing changes went into effect .
No longer are digital customers able to rely on a flat 99 ¢ ( or in Amazon 's case , 89 ¢ ) price tag for music tracks — instead , they vary between 69 ¢ and $ 1.29 depending on popularity and what seems like totally arbitrary decisions .
Warner CEO Edgar Bronfman Jr. insisted during the company 's quarterly conference call that the pricing hike has given the company a positive overall result , but " he also suggested that in hindsight , perhaps it was n’t a great idea to raise prices 30 percent during a recession , " reports Media Memo .
According to Nielsen SoundScan 's numbers for 2009 , digital track purchases were up 8.3 percent during 2009 while digital albums were up 16.1 percent .
Still , those numbers were n't enough to offset the continued decline in physical album sales , and it seems that Warner 's digital growth numbers are slightly lower than the industry as a whole .
The obvious comparison is the current fight over e-book pricing , with book publishers making an fairly coordinated stand against what they perceive to be artificially depressed e-book prices at Amazon .
The publishers argue that they should be able to set their own prices whether or not Amazon wants to take a loss , and simply pay out a percentage of the selling price to the seller ( known as the " agency model " ) .
The spin here is that it 's better for the authors and publishers this way , but that depends on the definition of " better . "
Is lowered sales volume better ?
It 's not if your goal is to get your work into as many hands as possible , but it 's not so bad if you 're making up for that volume with the increased prices .
Still , book publishers may want to take a lesson from Warner in this fight and save its push for pricing independence for better economic times .
THE SMOKE SMUGGLERS :
In the second part of our series , Crime Correspondent CONOR LALLYlooks at the role of former republicans and organised crime gangs in the counterfeit cigarette industry
WHEN GARDAÍ and Customs officers staged a major raid on suspected cigarette smugglers in Monaghan last November they found something there were n’t expecting .
Instead of the usual large boxes of cigarettes – either fake imports or legitimately produced smokes on which import duties had not been paid – the authorities found evidence of a very sophisticated operation .
A search of a truck parked in a yard in smuggling country near Carrickmacross , Co Monaghan , yielded enough tobacco , cigarette paper , filters and packaging for 12 million cigarettes .
“ It would have been processed into finished packets of smokes at an illegal processing plant somewhere along the Border ; that ’s how sophisticated the smugglers are now , ” said one well - placed source .
The haul , which was valued at € 5 million and has been traced back to a Danish port , had entered the Republic by car ferry from Holyhead .
Customs officers checked the container freight using an X - ray scanner at Dublin Port .
The X - rays showed that whatever was in the 40ft container was not the paper products mentioned in the shipping documents .
The container was placed under surveillance , and after being collected at the port by a truck driver , was followed to the townland of Creevy , near Carrickmacross , where it was due to be collected by those behind the smuggling operation .
They obviously suspected the authorities were on to them and did n’t turn up to receive the drop ; the truck ’s lucrative cargo was left to the Garda and Customs team .
The lorry driver was questioned and released .
There was n’t any evidence to identify the borderlands gang behind the haul .
A massive shipment had been taken off the streets , but nobody was caught .
It ’s a familiar pattern in the booming and expanding cigarette smuggling trade , which cost the exchequer €400 million last year in taxes and duties forgone .
Senior gardaí who spoke to The Irish Timessaid that during the Troubles the contraband and counterfeit cigarette trade was dominated by the Provisional IRA .
Many of those involved were based in Co Louth , across the Border in South Armagh , and at a number of other locations along the Border .
The proceeds of the trade – and that of diesel laundering and smuggling , which the Provisional IRA also specialised in – mainly went to “ the movement ” .
“ At the height of it they were n’t only funding a terrorist campaign both here and in Britain – they also had to find money to look after their people , prisoners ’ families and so on , ” said one Garda source .
The same source said while republicans were responsible for sourcing and importing the cigarettes , they worked with “ ordinary decent criminals ” in the distribution of the contraband around the country .
“ You had drivers delivering the stuff to places like markets in towns and villages , to street dealers mainly in Dublin and the other cities , and to shops that would take them and sell them , ” said another source .
Senior officers familiar with the trade say since the disbandment of the Provisional IRA , many former members who had organised the cigarette smuggling , and those criminals they had worked with , continue to dominate the illegal trade , working purely for personal gain .
“ Some of the drugs gangs are involved , but we still pretty much see a separation between what you could define as smugglers on the one hand and what the media calls gangland , ” said a Garda source .
A number of former members of the Provisional IRA based in Co Louth who are now centrally involved in the Real IRA were heavily involved in cigarette smuggling for years , and remain so .
When haulier Ciarán Smyth was shot dead aged 39 in Co Louth in 2001 , it emerged he was a key player in the cigarette smuggling trade , who worked with the Real IRA .
The Provisional IRA ’s alleged former chief of staff , Thomas “ Slab ” Murphy , has also been linked to cigarette smuggling .
A large quantity of cigarettes was found on his lands during a major Garda raid in March 2006 .
The former Provisional IRA men , current Real IRA members and the “ ordinary decent criminals ” they work with have built an impressive network of contacts internationally – from the US to Eastern Europe and the Far East – from whom they source massive shipments of cigarettes .
The 120 million cigarettes , valued at € 50 million , seized in Greenore port in Co Louth last October , for example , have been traced to the Philippines .
A criminal syndicate of formerly active republicans and “ smuggler criminals ” around the Border was behind the haul .
Some gangland figures hit by the recession , mainly due to the falling demand for cocaine from recreational users , have begun to smuggle cigarettes , though the diversification is still in its infancy .
The same small number of gangs has also become involved in growing cannabis plants in industrial - sized growing facilities , a number of which have been found by gardaí in recent months in Meath , Donegal and Wicklow .
“ They ’re looking to get into anything to make a few extra quid now that the cocaine market has fallen very flat , ” said one Garda source .
The Keane gang in Limerick has long been involved in smuggled cigarettes and have had some consignments seized from them .
Some cases taken by the Criminal Assets Bureau ( Cab ) in recent years offer an insight into the wealth that has been amassed by some smugglers .
Last month , Barry O’Brien of Oaktate , Stonetown , Carrickmacross Road , Dundalk , had three houses and € 70,000 in cash seized by the Cab .
He was also unable to explain the source of almost € 300,000 that had gone through one of his bank accounts .
O’Brien was once charged with cigarette smuggling in the North , but fled .
Dublin criminal Noel Duggan ( 49 ) became so heavily involved in cigarette smuggling he became known as Mr Kingsize .
In 2003 , the Cab confiscated a five - storey apartment and retail block owned by him that was valued at € 4 million .
The Cab presented him with a demand for € 4 million in respect of unpaid taxes after a three - year investigation revealed he was involved in smuggling and distributing cigarettes around the State .
However , Garda sources say crime gangs and traditional smugglers who want to build considerable wealth would need to import and sell a constant flow of cigarettes .
Sources point out that smugglers have to pay for the cigarettes and their transport to Ireland from their country of origin .
Once they reach Ireland they are sold by the key players to black market wholesalers .
They can then be sold on a number of times to middle men before they reach street dealers .
“ All those people have to get their cut , and the packs of 20 only sell on the streets for half the price of genuine cigarettes , so every pack is being sold for peanuts by the guys at the top of the chain here , ” said one source .
Another source points out that drugs gangs have been slow to muscle in on cigarette smuggling because the margin of profit is much smaller than with drugs .
“ A packet of 20 cigarettes that sells for around € 4 on the streets here can be bought at source overseas for around 50 cent .
“ But in South America you can get a kilo of coke for around € 800 once you buy in bulk .
When you get it to Ireland it ’s worth € 70,000 .
You just do n’t get that sort of profit in cigarettes . ”
Another senior Garda officer offers an interesting view : “ The recession means the people going to nightclubs and parties doing lots of cocaine definitely do n’t have the same spending power as before .
So the drugs trade has been hit very badly .
“ But the opposite is happening with the cigarettes .
The black market smokes are half the price of the ones sold legitimately in shops , so in the recession that means the demand for them is going to be massive . ”
A photo from an Israeli mapping website shows the Qatamon house where Ghada Karmi grew up .
The original house was only the ground floor .
The two upper levels , bought by The New York Times in 1984 , were built around the late 1970s .
During an appearance at Vassar College in early February , controversial New York Times Jerusalem bureau chief Ethan Bronner was asked about the ongoing evictions of Palestinian families from homes in East Jerusalem which Israel occupied in 1967 .
Israeli courts have ruled that Jewish settlers could take over some Palestinian homes on the grounds that Jews held title to the properties before Israel was established in 1948 .
Bronner was concerned , but not only about Palestinians being made homeless in Israel ’s relentless drive to Judaize their city ; he was also worried about properties in his West Jerusalem neighborhood , including the building he lives in , partially owned by The New York Times , that was the home of Palestinians made refugees in 1948 .
Facts about The New York Times ’ acquisition of this property are revealed for the first time in this article .
“ One of the things that is most worrying not just the Left but a lot of people in Israel about this decision is if the courts in Israel are going to start recognizing property ownership from before the State [ of Israel was founded ] , ” Bronner said according to a transcript made by independent reporter Philip Weiss who maintains the blog Mondoweiss .
net .
Bronner added , “ I think the Palestinians are going to have a fairly big case .
I for example live in West Jerusalem .
My entire neighborhood was Palestinian before 1948 . ”
The New York Times - owned property Bronner occupies in the prestigious Qatamon neighborhood , was once the home of Hasan Karmi , a distinguished BBC Arabic Service broadcaster and scholar ( 1905 - 2007 ) .
Karmi was forced to flee with his family in 1948 as Zionist militias occupied western Jerusalem ’s Arab neighborhoods .
His was one of an estimated 10,000 Palestinian homes in West Jerusalem that Jews took over that year .
The New York Times bought the property in 1984 in a transaction overseen by columnist Thomas Friedman who was then just beginning his four - year term as Jerusalem bureau chief .
Hasan Karmi ’s daughter , Ghada , a physician and well - known author who lives in the United Kingdom , discovered that The New York Times was in – or rather on top of – her childhood home in 2005 , when she was working temporarily in Ramallah .
One day Karmi received a call from Steven Erlanger , then The New York Times Jerusalem bureau chief , who had just read her 2002 memoir In Search of Fatima .
Karmi recalled in a 15 May 2008 interview on Democracy Now ! that Erlanger told her , “ I have read your marvelous memoir , and , do you know , I think I ’m living above your old house …
From the description in your book it must be the same place ” ( “ Conversation with Palestinian Writer and Doctor Ghada Karmi ” ) .
At Erlanger ’s invitation , Karmi visited , but did not find the elegant one - story stone house her family had moved into in 1938 , that was typical of the homes middle - and upper - class Arabs began to build in Jerusalem suburbs like Qatamon , Talbiya , Baqa , Romema or Lifta toward the end of the 19th century .
The original house was still there , but at some point after 1948 two upper stories had been built .
Erlanger , responding to questions posed by The Electronic Intifada via email , described the residence as “ built over the Karmi family house – on its air rights , if you like .
The [ New York Times ] is not in [ the Karmi ] house . ”
Erlanger described the building as having an “ unbroken ” facade but that it consisted of “ two residences , two ownerships , two heating systems , ” and a separate entrance for the upper levels reached via an external staircase on the side .
Questions
The Electronic Intifada sent to Thomas Friedman about the purchase of the property were answered by David E. McCraw , Vice President and Assistant General Counsel for the newspaper , who wrote that the original Karmi house itself “ was never owned even partly by The Times .
The Times purchased in the 1980s a portion of the building that had been constructed above it in the late 1970s . ”
The purchase was made from “ a Canadian family that had bought them from the original builders of the apartment . ”
McCraw acknowledged in a follow - up conversation that as a general principle of property law , the “ air rights ” of a property – the right to build on top of it or use ( and access ) the space above it – belong to the owner of the ground .
Exiled from Qatamon
Ghada Karmi standing by the front door of her childhood home in Jerusalem ’s Qatamon neighborhood in 2005 .
( Steven Erlanger )
Hasan Karmi hailed originally from Tulkarem , in what is now the northern West Bank .
In 1938 , he moved his family to Jerusalem to take up a job in the education department of the British - run Palestine Mandate government .
Ghada – born around November 1939 ( the exact date is unknown because her birth certificate along with all the family ’s records , photographs , furniture , personal possessions and an extensive library were lost with the house ) – has vivid memories of a happy childhood in what was a well - to - do mixed neighborhood of Arab Christians and Muslims , foreigners and a few Jewish families .
The neighbors with whom her parents socialized and with whose children the young Ghada and her siblings played included the Tubbeh , Jouzeh , Wahbeh and Khayyat families .
There was also a Jewish family called Kramer , whose father belonged to the Haganah , the Zionist militia that became the Israeli army after May 1948 .
Karmi describes the house at length in her memoir – but she told The Electronic Intifada her fondest memories were of the tree - filled garden where she spent much time playing with her brother and sister and the family dog Rex .
The lemon and olive trees she remembers are still there , Erlanger noted to The Electronic Intifada .
In the mid-1940s , the lively Qatamon social life gave way to terror as the dark clouds of what would come to be known as the Nakba approached .
Violence broke out all over Jerusalem after the UN ’s devastating recommendation to partition Palestine without giving its people any say in the matter .
Spontaneous riots by Arabs were followed by organized violence from Zionist groups and mutual retaliatory attacks that claimed lives from both communities .
This climate provided the pretext for the Haganah ’s premeditated campaign to seize Jerusalem .
Poorly armed and disorganized Arab irregulars , who had nevertheless succeeded in disrupting Zionist supply convoys to Jerusalem , proved no match for highly - trained and well - armed Zionist militias which , on the orders of David Ben-Gurion , began a well - planned campaign to conquer the western parts of the city .
The occupation of western Jerusalem and some 40 villages in its vicinity was executed as part of the Haganah ’s “ Plan Dalet . ”
These events are well documented in books including Benny Morris ’
The birth of the Palestinian refugee problem , 1947 - 1949 ( 1987 ) , Walid Khalidi’s ( ed. )
All That Remains : The Palestinian Villages Occupied and Depopulated by Israel in 1948 ( 1992 ) , Salim Tamari ’s ( ed. ) Jerusalem 1948 : The Arab Neighborhoods and their Fate in the War ( 1999 ) and Ilan Pappe ’s The Ethnic Cleansing of Palestine ( 2006 ) .
Zionist militias used frequent bombings of Arab civilians to terrorize residents into fleeing .
These attacks were amplified by posters and warnings broadcast over loudspeakers that those choosing to remain behind would share the fate of those killed in atrocities .
Karmi wrote that one night in November 1947 , their neighbor Kramer came to see her father and said , “ I have come to tell you at some risk to myself to take your family and leave Jerusalem as soon as possible ….
Please believe me , it is not safe here . ”
Many Qatamon families left after the Zionist bombing of the nearby Semiramis Hotel , which killed 26 civilians including the Spanish consul - general , on the night of 4 - 5 January 1948 .
The Karmis however held on , and Ghada records in her memoir her mother steadfastly saying , “ The Jews are not going to drive me out of my house … Others may go if they like , but we ’re not giving in . ”
Toward the end of April , bombardment by Zionist militias against virtually undefended Arab areas became so heavy , and the terror generated by the Deir Yassin massacre earlier that month so intense , that the Karmis relented and departed by taxi for Damascus , via Amman , with nothing but a few clothes .
Their intention was to bring the children to safety at their maternal grandparents ’ house while the adults would return home to Jerusalem .
A few days after reaching Damascus the elder Karmis tried to return to Jerusalem but were unable to do so .
So began the family ’s exile that continues to this day .
As Arabs left their homes , Jews were moved in by the Haganah .
“ While the cleansing of Qatamon went on , ” Itzhak Levy , the head of Haganah intelligence in Jerusalem recalled , “ pillage and robbery began .
Soldiers and citizens took part in it .
They broke into the houses and took from them furniture , clothing , electric equipment and food ” ( quoted in Pappe , p.99 ) .
Meron Benvenisti , an Israeli scholar and former deputy mayor of Jerusalem , wrote in his book Sacred Landscape of personally witnessing the “ looting of Arab homes in Qatamon ” as a boy .
Palestinians also lost art work , financial instruments and – like the Karmis – irreplaceable family records , as the fabric of a society and a way of life were destroyed .
Jerusalem return denied
The Karmis ’ story is a variation of what happened to tens of thousands of Jerusalem - area Palestinians during the Nakba , in which approximately 750,000 Palestinians were expelled or fled from their homes all over the country and never allowed to return .
( In my book One Country I describe the departure under similar circumstances of my mother ’s family from Lifta - Romema . )
As of 1997 , there were 84,000 living West Jerusalem refugees ( 23,000 born before 1948 ) , according to Tamari .
Half lived in the West Bank , many just miles from their original homes , but thousands of others were spread across Jordan , Lebanon , Syria and the Gaza Strip .
Arab property is well - documented through administrative and UN records , but tracing the fate of an individual house or proving title is extremely difficult if not impossible for Palestinians scattered , exiled and forbidden from returning home .
Some , who have foreign passports that allowed them to make brief visits , have attempted to locate their family properties .
In recent years a small Israeli group called Zochrot ( Remembering ) has even joined in – taking some displaced Palestinians back to their original villages and homes , whose traces Israel often made deliberate efforts to conceal or destroy .
But such activities are not welcomed by most Israeli Jews still in denial about their state ’s genesis .
Ghada Karmi recalls an earlier attempt to revisit her family home in 1998 .
The residents were unwelcoming and would not give her the phone number of the landlord , though a plaque outside bore the name “ Ben-Porat . ”
The owner of the original , lower - level house at the time The New York Times bought the upper levels was Yoram Ben-Porat , an economics professor who became president of the Hebrew University and was killed with his wife and young son in a road accident in October 1992 .
According to Erlanger , the house remained with heirs from the Ben- Porat family who rented it out until it was sold in 2005 to an Israeli couple who did some remodeling .
It is unknown when the Ben-Porats acquired the house or if they were the ones who had the upper levels built .
During Karmi ’s 2005 visit , Erlanger invited her to see his part of the house and introduced her to the Israeli tenants in the lower level who gave her free access while Erlanger took photographs .
For Karmi , revisiting the house was disconcerting .
She described to The Electronic Intifada its occupants as “ Ashkenazi Jewish Israelis , liberals , nice people who wanted to be nice . ”
She felt like asking them , “ how can you live here knowing this is an Arab house , knowing this was once owned by Arabs , what goes through your mind ? ”
But , she explained , “ in the way people have of not wanting to upset people who appear to be nice , I did n’t say anything . ”
The New York Times
In the early years after their original residents left , many of the former Arab neighborhoods were run down .
But in the 1970s , wealthier Israeli Jews began to gentrify them and acquiring an old Arab house became a status symbol .
Today , Israeli real estate agencies list even small apartments in Qatamon for hundreds of thousands of dollars or more , and house prices can run into the millions .
In Jerusalem , such homes have become popular especially with wealthy American Jews , according to Pappe .
The New York Times did not disclose what it paid for the Qatamon property .
It was a curious decision for The New York Times to have purchased part of what must obviously have been property with – at the very least – a political , moral and legal cloud over its title .
Asked whether The New York Times or Friedman had made any effort to learn the history of the property , the newspaper responded , “ Neither The Times nor Mr. Friedman knew who owned the original ground floor prior to 1948 . ”
As Friedman prepared to make the move to Jerusalem from Beirut where he was covering the Lebanon war in the early 1980s , The Times hired an Israeli real estate agent to help him locate a home .
According to McCraw , Friedman ’s wife
Ann went ahead to Jerusalem and looked at properties “ and she , working with the agent , made the selection for The Times . ”
During the process Friedman visited Jerusalem and looked at properties as well , a fact he mentions in his book From Beirut to Jerusalem .
By the time the property was selected , Friedman had moved permanently to Jerusalem and oversaw the closing .
The choice of the Qatamon property – over several modern apartments that the real estate agent also showed – makes
The New York Times a protagonist and interested party in one of the most difficult aspects of the Palestine conflict : the property and refugee rights of Palestinians that Israel has adamantly denied .
It also raises interesting questions about what such choices have on news coverage – with which the newspaper itself has had to grapple .
In 2002 , an Electronic Intifada article partly attributed the pervasive underreporting of Israeli violence against Palestinians to “ a structural geographic bias ” – the fact that “ most US news organizations who have reporters on the ground base them in Tel Aviv or west Jerusalem , very far from the places where Palestinians are being killed and bombarded on a daily basis ” ( Michael Brown and Ali Abunimah , “ Killings of dozens once again called ‘ period of calm ’ by US media , 20 September 2002 ) .
In 2005 , The New York Times ’ then Public Editor Daniel Okrent echoed this criticism , writing :
“ The Times , like virtually every American news organization , maintains its bureau in West Jerusalem .
Its reporters and their families shop in the same markets , walk the same streets and sit in the same cafes that have long been at risk of terrorist attack .
Some advocates of the Palestinian cause call this ‘ structural geographic bias . ’ ”
( “ The Hottest Button : How The Times Covers Israel and Palestine , ” 24 April 2005 ) .
Okrent recommended that in order to broaden the view of the newspaper ’s reporters , it should locate a correspondent in Ramallah or Gaza – where she or he would share the daily experiences , concerns and risks of Palestinians .
This advice went unheeded , just as Executive Editor Bill Keller recently publicly rejected the advice of the current public editor that current Jerusalem Bureau Chief Ethan Bronner should be reassigned because of the conflict of interest created by Bronner ’s son ’s voluntary enlistment in the Israeli army .
Thus , in a sense , Bronner ’s structural and personal identification with Israel has become complete : when the younger Bronner joins army attacks in Gaza , fires tear gas canisters or live bullets at nonviolent demonstrators trying to save their land from confiscation in West Bank villages , or conducts night arrest raids in Ramallah or Nablus – as he may well be ordered to do – his father will root for him , worry about him , perhaps hope that his enemies will fall in place of his son , as any Israeli parent would .
And on weekends , the elder Bronner will await his soldier - son ’s homecoming to a property whose true heirs live every day , like millions of Palestinians , with the unacknowledged trauma , and enduring injustice of dispossession and exile .
Ali Abunimah is co-founder of The Electronic Intifada and author of One Country : A Bold Proposal to End the Israeli - Palestinian Impasse .
Although it's no secret that members of Microsoft 's leadership frown upon employees who choose an Apple iPhone over one running the company 's own Windows Mobile operating system , approximately 1 in 10 still veer towards the forbidden fruit and sometimes go to great lengths to conceal them on the job .
In a lengthy profile on the perils of being an iPhone user at Microsoft , The Wall Street Journal cites two people familiar with the matter in saying that nearly 10,000 iPhone users were regularly accessing the Microsoft employee email system last year , representing roughly 10 % of the company 's global headcount .
The trend at Microsoft has flourished in the face of chief executive Steve Ballmer , who has a long track record of making inflammatory remarks about the Apple handset and expressing his displeasure with staffers who use one .
Perhaps the most infamous example of this came last September during a private company meeting when he caught an employee using an iPhone to snap a photo of his entrance .
Ballmer grabbed the iPhone from the employee , made some remarks as the crowd booed , then placed it on the ground and pretended to stomp on it before walking away .
During his ensuing presentation , the Microsoft chief again turned his attention to the employee with a few more teasing remarks .
In yet another sign that Microsoft was determined to curb iPhone adoption amongst its own kind , the Journal notes that the company " in early 2009 modified its corporate cellphone policy to only reimburse service fees for employees using phones that run on Windows Phone software . "
The Redmond , Wash .- based software giant would later claim the move was " part of a broader cost - cutting plan . "
Still , many employees are unwilling to sacrifice their iPhone and regularly adopt measures to hide their handsets when in the presence of the company 's top brass , according to the Journal .
" While rank - and - file workers tend to use the iPhone openly around peers , some conceal them within sight of more senior executives . , " the paper reports .
" One Microsoft worker said he knows several colleagues who try to disguise their iPhones with cases that make them look more like generic handsets . "
Ballmer laughs off the iPhone in 2007 .
29/11/2019
Every broadcaster who wishes to be known for their own image and style is obliged to seek the path of in - house production .
To exist merely to regurgit
Congrats to Rush Limbaugh !
We hear he 's finally set a date get married for a fourth time — appropriately enough , it is the Fourth of July !
The lucky lady : Kathryn " Kate " Rogers .
We 're not sure where the wedding is taking place , yet , but Rush reads the site , so maybe he 'll let us know !
Rush loves the holidays : his last wedding was on Memorial Day , 1994 .
Prior to that , his second wife left him on Christmas .
Judge found sworn testimony ‘ belied ’ the facts
Caroline Hunter , a Bush - appointed Federal Election Commissioner who remains in office , provided misleading statements under oath in an effort to conceal Republican National Committee involvement in vote suppression activities during the 2004 presidential election , a Raw Story investigation has found .
ADVERTISEMENT
Legal experts say Hunter ’s submission of such statements under oath is a serious ethical and professional breach which could warrant a bar review and potential disbarment .
At the time , Hunter was serving as deputy counsel to the Republican National Committee .
How a young Republican lawyer became a central witness
In the final days of the 2004 presidential election , the Democratic National Committee files an injunction against the Republican National Committee in New Jersey federal court , alleging its involvement in using lists of returned mail to challenge 35,000 newly registered Ohio voters .
This tactic , also known as voter caging , is historically employed to suppress votes from minority and low - income citizens who tend to vote Democratic .
At the time , Republican Party officials are busy stoking claims that voter fraud at the polls is a grave threat to the country .
On Oct. 20 , 2004 in Columbus , Ohio , Republican National Committee Chairman Ed Gillespie and Ohio Republican Party Chairman Bob Bennett decry rampant voter fraud in the state .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ The reports of voter fraud in Ohio are some of the most alarming in the nation , ” Gillespie asserts .
Two days later , the Ohio Republican Party challenges 35,000 voters , most of whom live in urban , Democratic - leaning areas .
On Nov. 1 , the showdown over the injunction plays out in Newark Federal District Court .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Is the RNC discussing the political aspects of wide - scale voter fraud ?
Absolutely , your Honor , ” argues RNC counsel Bobby Burchfield .
“ They ’re talking about it every day , because it ’s a pervasive problem . ”
Federal Judge Dickinson R. Debevoise listens to arguments in the case .
Debevoise is intimately aware of the laws against voter suppression .
ADVERTISEMENT
In 1981 , Judge Debevoise presided over a case in which the Democratic National Committee accused the RNC of violating the Voting Rights
Act by using vote caging tactics in predominantly minority precincts in Newark and surrounding areas .
In 1982 , the RNC agreed to settle the lawsuit by entering a consent decree that prohibited it from using “ ballot security ” measures , meaning any efforts to prevent allegedly unqualified voters from casting a ballot .
The decree was revised in 1987 to include a provision that required the RNC to first gain prior approval from the court before engaging in such measures .
Thus , the pivotal focus for Judge Debevoise in 2004 rests on whether Republicans have violated the decree .
ADVERTISEMENT
Sworn testimony from a young Republican lawyer plays a central role in the RNC ’s defense .
That lawyer ’s name is Caroline Hunter .
In her affidavit ( pdf ) , submitted under penalty of perjury , Hunter claims “ the RNC is not initiating , controlling , directing , or funding any programs of ‘ voter challenges ’ including the effort by the Ohio Republican Party to challenge voter registrations in Ohio . ”
“ Although representatives of the RNC were involved in the emails discussing the possibility of the challenges described above , ” she continues , “ the RNC has not initiated any challenges to the absentee ballots in Ohio or in any other state . ”
Burchfield tells the court that Hunter ’s affidavit is proof the RNC is n’t violating the decree .
Rather , he says , her statement demonstrates the party was diligent to avoid “ initiating , controlling , directing or funding ” any voter challenger programs .
ADVERTISEMENT
Yet her affidavit is submitted along with email communications showing RNC members engaging in vote caging activities in Ohio .
They also demonstrate that the RNC worked in concert with state Republican Party officials .
Hunter is on a few of the emails but her involvement is unclear .
After hearing arguments from both sides , Judge Debevoise rules that the RNC has violated the decree .
In granting the injunction , Debevoise specifically addresses Hunter ’s statement denying that the Party was involved in vote caging activities .
He finds her sworn testimony — made as a witness — unsupported by the facts in the case .
“ Miss Hunter , ” Judge Debevoise tells the court , “ states in a conclusory way that , ‘ To the best of my knowledge , after due investigation , the RNC is not initiating , controlling , directing , or funding any programs of voter challenges as described above , including the effort by the Ohio Republican Party to challenge voter registration in Ohio as alleged . ' ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Miss Hunter ’s information and belief , ” he concludes , “ is belied by the evidence developed during the brief period of discovery . ”
Experts raise questions of legal ethics
Provided with documents from the trial , legal experts interviewed by Raw Story characterized Hunter ’s statements to the court as a potential breach of legal ethics .
Gerry Hebert , an election law expert who spent over twenty years as a Justice Department attorney prosecuting voting rights cases , addressed Hunter ’s attempt to linguistically circumvent the dictates of the consent decree .
Hebert , currently the executive director at the Campaign Legal Center , pointed out that although Hunter said the RNC had not been involved in “ initiating , controlling , directing , or funding ” voter challenges , her statement was merely “ very carefully worded . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ It does n’t mean they were not aware , it does n’t mean they did not participate , it does n’t mean that they did n’t assist in the programs of voter challenges of the Ohio State Republican Party , ” he said .
“ The judge makes findings of fact that directly contradict her statement , ” he added , after reviewing the court record .
“ At a minimum , it strikes me as misleading . ”
Raw Story located the corresponding passage in the 1987 Consent Decree , which supports Hebert ’s findings .
It states :
“ [ T ] he RNC shall not engage in , and shall not assist or participate in , any ballot security programs unless the program ( including the method and timing of any challenges resulting from the program ) has been determined by this Court to comply with the provisions of the Consent Order and applicable law . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
While legal experts confirmed that Hunter ’s statements shield her from perjury charges , they argued that they still pose ethical problems that potentially could result in her disbarment .
They also made clear that this was not a statement by a lawyer in open court to the judge , but rather an affidavit signed under oath by a witness in the case for one of the parties .
“ If a lawyer makes a misleading statement in sworn testimony to the court , ” said Hebert , “ and then the court not only finds that the statement was misleading but it turns out to be ‘ belied ’ by the actual facts in the case , I think a state bar would be interested in that . ”
“ It could be viewed as a serious ethical breach for an attorney , one that might warrant a review by the state bar in which she ’s accredited and may be grounds for disbarment , ” Hebert continued .
ADVERTISEMENT
Deborah Rhode , a legal ethics professor at Stanford University , agreed .
“ Absolutely , ” Rhode said , when asked if this would create ethical problems for Hunter .
“ It should be a basis for concern . ”
“ In a perfect world , ” Rhode added , a state bar would review Hunter ’s actions , but she did n’t think it was likely to occur .
Regardless ,
Hebert said , “ It ’s very troubling that a lawyer who presently sits as a federal official at the FEC would submit a document under oath to a court that a court finds is contrary to fact . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Joe Rich , a former Voting Section chief at the Justice Department who spent nearly forty years at the agency , said he found it disturbing a sitting FEC commissioner provided misleading statements under oath .
“ She was discredited by the judge , ” Rich told Raw Story , stressing the severity of her actions .
“ He did n’t find her credible . ”
FEC spokeswoman Judith Ingram declined to comment on Hunter ’s behalf .
Emails show Hunter received caging email
Hunter was also named as a recipient on one of the most incriminating RNC emails discussing vote - caging activities in Ohio .
The message included plans to roll out similar activities in Florida , Pennsylvania , Nevada and New Mexico .
Her name , along with others in the RNC hierarchy , appears on other emails as a scheduled participant in conference calls to discuss voter challenges .
The subject lines on the emails are “ Cuyahoga Returned List ” and “ Voter Reg Fraud Strategy conference calls . ”
Legal experts say that without further proof , Hunter can claim that as RNC deputy counsel , her inclusion in the email and conference calls was only to advise colleagues on how to stay within the legal bounds of the consent decree and other election laws .
They agreed this is a separate matter from the misleading statements she provided under oath .
But while there is a five - year statute of limitations on perjury in federal courts , Hebert said he was n’t aware of any statute of limitations for a state bar review of Hunter ’s affidavit .
Part II : Ideology trumps experience in Federal Election Commissioner ’s rise
Brad Jacobson is a contributing investigative reporter for Raw Story .
Third Party and Independent Opposition to the Two - Party State
Frontiers of Medicine : Radical Cures
Doctors seek inspiration from unexpected sources to work toward solving some of medicine 's toughest challenges
The government protested to the US over the torture of terror suspects , the former head of MI5 , Dame Eliza Manningham - Buller revealed last night .
She also said the Americans concealed from Britain the waterboarding of Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , the alleged mastermind of the September 2001 attacks .
" The Americans were very keen that people like us did not discover what they were doing , " Lady Manningham - Buller told a meeting at the House of Lords .
She also admitted MI5 were slow to recognise that the US was torturing detainees .
Asked if Britain protested , she replied : " We did lodge a protest . "
She declined to elaborate but it is believed that the protests were made at ministerial level .
Manningham - Buller was answering questions after delivering a lecture in parliament sponsored by the Mile End study group set up by Queen Mary , University of London .
She said that in 2002 or 2003 she questioned how the US was able to supply Britain with intelligence gleaned from Sheikh Mohammed .
" I said to my staff , ' Why is he talking ? ' because our experience of Irish prisoners and terrorists was that they never said anything , " she said .
" They said the Americans say he is very proud of his achievements when questioned about it .
It was n't actually until after I retired that I read that , in fact , he had been waterboarded 160 times , " Manningham - Buller said .
She criticised senior figures in the Bush administration , including the president himself , Dick Cheney , the vice - president , and Donald Rumsfeld , the defence secretary for their attitude towards the treatment of terror suspects .
She added : " Nothing , even saving lives , justifies torture . "
Referring to criticism of MI5 , and notably evidence in the mistreatment of the UK resident Binyam Mohamed , she said in her speech : " The allegations of collusion in torture and lack of respect for human rights will wound [ MI5 officers ] personally and collectively and , in some respects , whether proven or not , will make it harder for them to do their job . "
Last month , Lord Neuberger , the master of the rolls , said MI5 's insistence in a court case that it was unaware of the harsh treatment of some detainees held overseas in CIA custody was unreliable .
Manningham - Buller confirmed that Britain was aware of mistreatment cases before she left office .
In an original draft of a ruling , Neuberger also criticised MI5 's supposed lax attitude toward the mistreatment of detainees .
Manningham - Buller 's successor as MI5 director , Jonathan Evans , has rejected the claims , and warned that the courts risk being exploited by those seeking to undermine British counterterrorism work .
But Manningham - Buller said she believes the allegations of complicity in torture could disrupt the future work of MI5 staff .
She spent 33 years in British intelligence , and was head of MI5 between 2002 and 2007 .
She said British spies are proud to be quietly effective , unlike the " gung - ho UK " intelligence officers portrayed in TV dramas .
" One of the sad things is Cheney , Rumsfeld and Bush all watched 24 . "
Manningham - Buller said , referring to the popular TV show about a counterterrorist agent .
She said future terrorist attacks would involve chemical , biological and radioactive weapons .
" After the next terrorist attack , there will be calls for fresh legislation , which should be resisted .
The criminal law as it stands is enough .
We have masses of legislation that deals with terrorism . "
She predicted the parliamentary intelligence and security committee , which was heavily criticised recently for its failure to hold MI5 to account , would be turned into a fully - fledged committee in the House of Commons .
• This article was amended on 10 March 2010 .
The original referred to " cause for fresh legislation " .
This has been corrected .
Mr Park is a US citizen of Korean ancestry
US activist Robert Park has been freed from detention in North Korea and is heading home to the US , officials say .
Mr Park left Pyongyang and arrived at the main airport in Beijing , China .
A US embassy official said he was likely to travel to the US later on Saturday .
Mr Park , a religious activist , crossed into North Korea from China by walking over a frozen river on 25 December .
North Korean authorities said on Thursday they had decided to " forgive and release " Mr Park .
Mr Park was carrying a letter for the North Korean leader , Kim Jong - il , when he crossed the river .
He had reportedly wanted to highlight human rights issues in North Korea , but was said before his release to have admitted his " mistake " .
Mr Park , a US citizen of Korean ancestry from Tucson , Arizon , entered North Korea on foot , walking across the frozen Tumen river .
According to his associates , 28 - year - old Mr Park claimed he had seen a vision from God of North Korea 's liberation and redemption .
On Friday Mr Park was reported to have confessed that he crossed the border because his view of North Korea was based on false Western propaganda .
He now fully realised that religious freedom is fully ensured in North Korea , the country 's main news agency reported .
However , the statement has been dismissed as " propaganda " by Mr Park 's colleagues .
In addition , analysts say his release could be seen as a goodwill gesture by the North 's leader , reports the BBC's Michael Bristow in Beijing .
The two countries have been negotiating on a range of issues , including the North 's covert nuclear weapons programme .
Mr Park becomes the third US citizen released in recent months .
In 2009 , North Korea detained two US journalists on the border with China .
Laura Ling and Euna Lee were sentenced to 12 years ' hard labour but were freed as part of a diplomatic mission spearheaded by former US President Bill Clinton in August after four months in captivity .
The Church of Scientology has been accused of locking up workers in a Californian " slave labor " camp .
The 5,000 members of the church 's Sea Organization live communally , vow to forego having children , and sign a billion - year loyalty pledge .
But a new lawsuit from two former " Sea Org " members claims they were treated like prisoners , held against their will , and forced to work 100 hours a week compiling Scientology literature for almost no pay .
The church says that the Sea Org followers are members of a religious order , like monks , and thus exempt from wage and overtime laws .
Is Scientology running an illegal sweatshop outside Los Angeles ?
All this evidence points to the truth :
Well , now we know where " all those crappy pamphlets and all that L. Ron Hubbard literature " comes from , says Ravi Somaiya in Gawker .
Predictably , Scientology 's leadership was " outraged and denied the allegations vehemently , " but this lawsuit is n't the first to suggest this kind of abuse .
When " so many ' liars ' come out of Scientology saying very similar bad stuff about the ' church , ' " why should we believe what the leaders say ?
" More on Scientology 's brutal sweatshops "
Volunteers are n't slaves : " When you sign up as a Sea Org member , you 're signing up as a member of a religious order , " says Scientology spokeswoman Jessica Feshbach , quoted in the AP , so you basically know what you 're getting into .
" You 're a volunteer .
You sign a contract that says , ' I 'm not going to be paid minimum wage and I know that . ' "
Those who say they were treated badly are " liars looking for money . "
" Ex-Scientology lawsuits reveal elite Sea Org group "
Slave labor , but paid for by U.S. taxes :
We now know that Sea Org members " work for almost no pay and are generally treated like animals , " says Tony Ortega in The Village Voice .
But at least they signed up for it .
Scientologists have " manipulated " the government into allowing them to operate as a tax - exempt religion .
Why does no - one seem to care that U.S. taxpayers are " subsidizing their mafia scheme , " too ?
" Anderson Cooper plans latest misguided slam on Scientology "
Farm - raised salmon has long been the poster child of unsustainable aquaculture practices .
Issues of escape , pollution and inefficiency have plunged it deeply into the " avoid " territory of environmental groups — until now .
In a report released January 14 , the Monterey Bay Aquarium 's Seafood Watch program is taking the unprecedented step of approving a particular method for farming Pacific coho salmon that is currently employed exclusively by the Rochester , Wash . –based AquaSeed Corp .
The sustainability nod from the consumer education group means that these salmon also will be assigned a green " Best Choice " rating on Seafood Watch 's Web site .
The approval follows several months of intensive site visits by Seafood Watch scientists and reviews of the company 's production facility , feed ratios , fish contaminant and pollution discharge levels , and more .
The salmon , to be sold under the SweetSpring label , have also been shown to contain high levels of omega - 3 fatty acids , placing the salmon on Seafood Watch 's newly created Super Green List , which denotes that the fish is good for human health without causing harm to the ocean .
To appear on the Super Green List , the salmon must provide the daily minimum of omega - 3s ( at least 250 milligrams per day ) based on 28 grams of fish , and have PCB ( polychlorinated biphenyl ) levels under 11 parts per billion ( ppb ) .
AquaSeed came in at 335 milligrams per day of omega - 3s and had a PCB level of 10.4 ppb .
" This is the first farmed salmon we 've ever talked about as a good source [ for food , since the program 's inception in 1999 ] , " said Geoffrey Shester , senior science manager for Seafood Watch .
" This is extremely exciting .
It 's not an experimental science project .
It is mature to the point where there is real potential to scale it up . "
The farming method
The AquaSeed Pacific coho salmon are raised in a freshwater , closed containment system , which is not how salmon are conventionally farmed .
Salmon in the wild live primarily in saltwater but swim to freshwater every year to spawn .
Traditionally raised farm salmon are grown in open - net ocean pens .
This has led to problems such as nonnative species escaping into the wild and pollution as well as sea lice infestation and disease , because there is no barrier between captive salmon and the wild version in surrounding waters .
Plus , traditionally raised farmed salmon require as much as five pounds ( 2.3 kilograms ) of meal made from smaller fish caught in the wild for every pound ( half kilogram ) of salmon meat , a level that is considered unsustainable by environmental groups .
AquaSeed 's salmon are grown in land - based , freshwater tanks ranging in size from 60 centimeters to 15 meters wide depending on the salmon 's developmental stage .
Containment tanks prevent escapes and problems with sea lice infestation that have plagued open - net ocean pen operations .
Also , a high - end salmon feed and selective breeding has helped minimize fishmeal use , reducing the ratio of pounds of wild feed fish to produce pounds of farmed fish to 1.1 to one — a number AquaSeed owner Per Heggelund says he expects to whittle further .
" What 's interesting about this is this is they 've taken salmon back millions of years evolutionarily , to the point where they 're freshwater again , " Shester says .
Now on their 17th generation of pedigree breeding , the egg - to - plate operation is in the process of providing the salmon with a DNA fingerprint to help thwart any unauthorized breeding .
AquaSeed 's core business is selling " eyed " salmon eggs ( eggs that have developed to the point that their eyes are visible ) under the Domsea label to salmon farms in Japan , China and other countries .
They 've also been working to conserve endangered wild Pacific salmon stocks by maintaining an isolation and breeding facility operation , protecting 40 distinct families of salmon .
" We did n't set out to be in a food fish program in a land - based facility , " Heggelund says .
" That was n't our goal .
We were more focused on the genetics — the livestock breeding of salmon for the normal traits of survival at certain stages of the life cycle , productive growth and feed conversion , and egg production . "
Producing 90,700 kilograms of salmon a year , Heggelund is preparing to rapidly expand production on his 20 - hectare farm , and is already working closely with large purchasers such as Compass Group and Whole Foods as well as Mashiko , a Seattle - based sustainable sushi restaurant .
THE NEXT TIME I HEAR a politico or banker or Detroit executive talk about institutions “ too big to fail , ” I ’ll direct them to the 34 percent of Americans who are obese .
Last I heard , these big Americans , themselves a kind of cultural institution , were failing en masse , racked by diabetes , asthma , heart trouble , and bound for early death .
The human form can only grow so big .
Or I could point them to Pig # 6707 .
Conceived in the laboratories of the U.S. Department of Agriculture during the 1990s , Pig # 6707 ’s embryo was genetically altered with a human growth gene to develop a super - pig , bigger and faster - growing and more productive of meat .
But the genetic alterations produced a monster , impotent and nearly blind , its legs arthritic , its body crippled , the creature able to stand up and be photographed only with the support of a plywood board .
When asked by a reporter why he created the sick pig , the lead researcher said his intent was to make livestock more efficient .
There is , of course , a caution for our species in Pig # 6707 .
When an organism grows beyond its design , nature will determine it to fail — a fact of life , in the strictest sense .
Nowhere in evolutionary theory is hypertrophic growth posited as the key to success .
What is key is optimum size , what we ’d more accurately call right size .
All living things have a right size , and historically evolved to that size because it was optimal for survival .
So , for example , elephants and giraffes and rhinoceroses , though comparatively huge , are in fact just the right size — their bigness operating as a defense against predators , allowing for greater reach in forage , and much else .
The same goes for polar bears and walruses and whales , which require extra tissue volume to retain heat against cold water and long winters .
Dinosaurs , as we all know , were likely the biggest creatures to walk the Earth , but bigness did n’t help them meet the challenge of changing conditions .
The largest of the dinosaurs disappeared altogether , the smaller ones got even smaller and eventually evolved into birds , while the animals of more moderate size , the marsupials and primitive mammals , found that being small in the first place was a blessing .
On the cellular level , biologists have long understood that large cells , the kind found in cancer , are always unstable and heading for collapse .
In physics , too , the principle of right size holds fast .
“ Atoms of middle weight are stable and inert , ” writes Sir George Thomson , the nuclear physicist and Nobel laureate , “ but the light as well as the heavy atoms have stores of energy .
If one thinks of the heaviest atoms as overgrown empires which are ripe for dissolution and only held together by special efforts . . . one may think , on the other hand , of the lightest of the atoms as individuals which run together naturally for mutual help and readily coalesce to form stable tribes and communities . ”
As with atoms and empires , so also the stars , which when grown too big will collapse under their own weight in the spectacle of the supernova .
So also for animal communities , which rarely aim for bigness .
Birds fledge their nests ; they do n’t keep crowding in .
Bees and ants split their colonies when they grow too large , decentralization as instinct .
Trees self - prune when laden with too much ice or snow or assailed by wind , dropping limbs to sustain the trunk .
Naturalized goldfish in the carp family , kept in an outdoor garden , will only grow to a size proportionate to their pond — unless they are fed ( and if fed too much , they grow terribly obese and soon lose the knack for swimming , procreating , and everything else that makes a fish a fish ) .
Nothing in nature just keeps growing , except where the usual evolutionary constraints are removed from the picture .
Isolation from predators , in the example of island gigantism , allowed a host of species to grow to outsize proportions .
The elephant bird of Madagascar , the giant gecko of New Zealand , the giant ducks of Hawaii , the giant rabbits of Mediterranean islands , the famed dodo — all were extinguished at astonishing speed after meeting the wily Homo sapiens and his diminutive camp followers ( dogs , cats , rats ) .
Without effective competition to keep them fit , the island gigantics were in fact terribly vulnerable when conditions changed .
The United States , it would seem , is suffering its own kind of island gigantism .
Bigness is the prejudice of American life , our cultural albatross , the axiom being that when something is big it is automatically better .
Why we ’ve been saddled with love of bigness as a people perhaps comes down to the matter of geography , the vastness and richness that the landscape offered for the taking from the moment of European settlement .
Size was our birthright , our conditioning , the justification for our exceptionalism , bigness our manifest destiny , and for a long time , whole centuries , it worked .
The free land and timber and animals to be hunted down and coal and oil and ore to be dug out of the ground made us very wealthy very fast , taught us that growthmania was the norm , the shape of progress , the American way .
Thus , we prefer our Big Macs and our Whoppers , our food portions supersized , our big cars and sprawling cities , our enormous football players ( growing bigger every year , the average offensive lineman now topping three hundred pounds ) , our big breasts and big penises and big houses ( up from an average of 1,200 square feet in 1950 to 2,216 square feet today ) , our big armies with big reach , and , though we complain about it incessantly , big government that spends big money running up big debt ( more now than at any other period in our history ) .
That we allow corporations to grow to outrageous size is just another symptom of the disease .
Bigness worship permeates every layer of the culture ; it is racked into our brains with every turn of the advertising screw ; it is a totalizing force .
WHEN LOUIS BRANDEIS WROTE
The Curse of Bigness in 1934 , he had been a lawyer for many years and , famously , a Supreme Court justice , and much of his work in the courts was busting up bigness .
He was particularly concerned about the corporate monopolies that afflicted American life at the turn of the twentieth century .
The Curse of Bigness was not a big book , because the arguments were pretty obvious .
The great robber baron trusts — in oil , rubber , steel , tobacco , sugar , and railroads ( and let ’s not forget the Writing Paper Trust , the Woolen Trust , the Upper Leather Trust , the Paper Bag Trust ) — had rigged bids , defrauded patentees , crushed labor movements , and could sway prices in any direction regardless of supply or demand .
The ur - trust that by 1904 controlled 91 percent of U.S. oil production , Standard Oil Company of New Jersey , was found by the Justice Department to have secured its position via “ discriminatory practices in favor of the combination by railroad companies ; restraint and monopolization by control of pipe lines . . . ; contracts with competitors in restraint of trade ; . . . espionage of the business of competitors , the operation of bogus independent companies ” — the stratagems as expectable as they were ugly .
The threat that behemoths like Standard Oil posed to the republic , wrote Brandeis , was their concentration of economic power and decision making to the extent that they were effectively a state within the state , operating under their own laws .
Many of the trusts were shattered , in a long struggle that Brandeis pioneered .
It was his advocacy that helped push into effective action the antitrust mechanisms in government ( the Sherman Antitrust Act of 1890 , the Clayton Antitrust Act of 1914 , the Federal Trade Commission ) , which led to the breakup of Standard Oil and many of its sister monopolies by 1911 .
“ American development can come on the lines on which we seek it , and the ideals which we have can be attained , only if side by side with political democracy comes industrial democracy , ” Brandeis wrote .
“ It is the relatively small man who pre-eminently needs the aid and solicitous care of industry and government .
We have , gentlemen , to bear all the time that democratic view in mind . ”
But we have not .
Today we find ourselves in an unprecedented age of corporate gigantism .
This situation is characterized not by the outright monopolies that worried Brandeis , but by the rise of oligopolies , a few very obese firms , the Big Three or Big Six , dominating their sectors while being insulated from failure by the hand of government .
Republican and Democratic administrations alike for the last thirty years , spellbound by so - called laissez - faire ideology , abandoned their antitrust duties and watched as the total value of mergers and acquisitions rose to an unprecedented $ 20 trillion — abetting , in other words , the growth of stupendous privileges in the corporatocracy .
At the same time , federal and state governments have done most everything they can to ignore , discourage , and imperil the small man in the world of business .
It ’s an old story , and it bears repeating : Government subsidies favor large - scale standardized activity ( in farming , manufacturing , retail — the list is long ) at the expense of the local , the small , the diverse , the upstart .
By 2005 , four firms controlled 60 percent of the nation ’s grain business .
The four largest meatpackers controlled 70 percent of beef supply .
In some states , the four largest grocery chains controlled as much as 88 percent of all retail sales .
Today , a handful of merged energy companies , the Big Five , dominate the petroleum business , with ExxonMobil , Chevron - Texaco , Conoco - Phillips , BP , and Royal Dutch / Shell proving , in the words of Lord Browne , former chief executive of British Petroleum , that “ many of the components of the old Standard Oil [ trust have ] been brought together . ”
The pattern of oligopoly holds in banking ( Citigroup , Chase , and Bank of America now issuing one out of every two mortgages , two out of every three credit cards ) , accounting , tobacco , automobiles ( the triopoly of GM , Ford , and Chrysler ) , defense , steel , telecommunications ( Verizon , AT&T , and Sprint - Nextel ) , pharmaceuticals , airlines ( Delta , American , United ) , in every major stage of the food business ( even including grain elevator storage ) , and in the generation , transmission , and local distribution of electricity .
What we ’re told is that all this consolidation , this predilection for bigness , always and every time — per the usual knee - jerk size - valuation — brings “ synergies , ” “ economies of scale , ” efficiency , innovation .
But the opposite is too often the case .
To take perhaps the obvious example : The Big Three automakers , which for the last half - century have trumpeted “ efficiency ” and “ innovation ” as the bywords to justify their great size , in fact failed over the years to produce automobiles at prices and quality comparable to smaller Japanese automakers like Honda and Nissan , the U.S. oligopoly by the 1980s requiring nearly twice as many engineering hours per new car project , and today taking up to two weeks to change plants for new model assembly while little Honda does it in one night .
And all this for products that are more expensive and less advanced than those of the competitors .
GM , among all automakers , was routinely the least efficient , the least visionary , its mastodonic bureaucracy trained to crush new ideas in the cradle .
“ At GM , if you see a snake , the first thing you do is to hire a consultant on snakes , ” said Ross Perot during his tenure on GM ’s board of directors .
“ Then you get a committee on snakes , and then you can discuss it for a couple of years .
The most likely course of action is — nothing . ”
One might go so far as to charge that the neglect and recalcitrance of the Big Three in the field of invention , their strangling of innovation , has been a danger to the public and disastrous for the environment .
They ignored and sometimes actively suppressed safety innovations ( seatbelts , padded dashboards , shatterproof glass ) , a decision that arguably cost the lives of hundreds of thousands of motorists who otherwise might have survived crashes .
They have consistently resisted fuel economy and emissions technologies .
They colluded to destroy public transit in cities throughout the nation , with the planned effect of getting more people into cars ( which rendered cities , by default , more destructively auto - dependent ) .
They killed the electric car — invented out of their own labs , years before anyone had heard of a Prius ( and now , as it happens , they are seeking tax dollars to reinvent it ) .
If the nation is to be efficient in its use of fast - dwindling fossil fuels , innovative in curbing pollution and greenhouse gases — effective at imagining even the possibility of a sustainable future — the Big Three are , and will continue to be , a monstrous hindrance .
But why confine ourselves to automakers ?
Look at U.S. Steel , the “ big sprawling inert giant , ” in the words of the company ’s own assessment , which survives only by government subsidy and protectionist measures from friends in Congress .
The smaller steel companies , the so - called mini-mills operating throughout the U.S. , produce at lower cost and with fewer man-hours and better pay for workers .
Or look at IBM , where a senior vice - president once described the managerial hierarchy as “ a giant pool of peanut butter we have to swim through . ”
The company was out - invented at every turn of the 1980s , in the dawn of personal computing , by upstart Microsoft , which preyed on the inventions of Apple .
( Microsoft today is an oligopolist like no other , with the Windows operating system installed on 95 percent of personal computers worldwide . )
Or consider how giant pharmaceutical firms license scores of products from tiny innovative biotech labs every year , perfect and mass - market the inventions of the little companies , but invent few , if any , new drugs inside their own labs .
It has always been thus : the big private research laboratories of the modern age are marked by their creative barrenness , a pattern identified by no less a luminary than the former vice - president of the General Electric Company back in 1953 : “ Not a single distinctively new electric home appliance has ever been created by one of the giant concerns — not the first washing machine , electric range , dryer . . . razor , lawn mower , freezer , air conditioner , vacuum cleaner , dishwasher , or grill .
The record of the giants is one of moving in , buying out , and absorbing after the fact . ”
Kodachrome film ?
Not invented by Eastman Kodak , but by two musicians in a bathroom .
The earliest turbojet engines ?
Blew in from none of the major aircraft firms .
The Google search platform now fast becoming — in one of those tasteless ironies we have learned to expect — an internet monopoly ?
Conceived by two geeks in a dorm room .
You do n’t paint the Sistine ceiling by committee , though perhaps one day a corporation will try .
Creativity , in any case — the radical ’s creativity , which is the only kind — is not what the corporation looks for .
Rather , it pursues what William Whyte called “ the fight against genius . ”
It looks for Whyte ’s “ Organization Man , ” who seeks protection , safety , succor in bigness , who can be relied on to conform and submit .
What it lacks in creativity , of course , the big corporation makes up for in coercion .
THE STANDARD OIL PLAYBOOK , it turns out , is very much alive , because with corporate obesity always comes the institutionalization of unfairness .
Economists Walter Adams and James Brock have done more than any contemporary scholars to chronicle the effects on the ground .
They find , for example , that the oligopolists in the grain and meat industries drive down prices for family farmers and ranchers , starving the small men out of business .
The defense industry , they report , consolidates in the 1990s , and what follows is an explosion in contract fixing and price fraud , with procurement costs skyrocketing at the Pentagon .
The oil oligopoly intentionally withholds gasoline supplies from the market in 2001 — a “ profit - maximizing strategy , ” in the words of the Federal Trade Commission — costing Americans billions of dollars in overcharges .
The giant airlines tacitly collude to fix prices , always higher and higher , and so do the automakers , while service and quality continue to decline .
In the ninety - seven top radio markets , where two broadcasters now control some 80 percent of the spectrum , we hear allegations of censorship , and we stop hearing the music and opinions considered unpalatable by corporate ownership .
The power of bigness everywhere corrodes the regulatory instruments of government through the usual means ( lobbyists , campaign money , revolving doors , conflicts of interest ) .
And all this is tolerated , which is to say it is not questioned ( so much for regulating with a “ democratic view in mind ” ) .
It ca n’t be otherwise , when money and influence grows with every aggrandizement of industry , and corruption of the state is only a matter of the size of the checks one can write , the stature of the executives one can place to gorge in the henhouse .
American government , write Adams and Brock , “ is in constant danger of being transformed into a welfare state for powerful private interests . ”
The danger has swallowed us whole ; we are now living inside its belly .
I think particularly of Goldman Sachs , one of the most powerful players in the banking oligopoly , which for two decades has been a berserker in the marketplace , sowing discord , leading people into shoddy investments and out of their homes , making huge money in the process , all while dictating terms to government and looting the public treasury .
Matt Taibbi , in an article in Rolling Stone , recently deconstructed how effective Goldman has been in exploiting its bigness .
The achievements in regulatory capture alone are momentous :
Bush ’s treasury secretary , Henry Paulson , architect of the 2008 bailouts , was a former CEO of Goldman ; Robert Rubin , the treasury secretary under Clinton , spent twenty - six years at Goldman ; former Goldman director Ed Liddy was placed in charge of the bailout of crumbling insurance goliath AIG ( which owed Goldman billions of dollars ) ; the last two heads of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York were Goldmanites ; and on and on .
Taibbi reports that Goldman was among the chief promoters of the tech stock bubble of the 1990s ( and profited from the collapse ) , the real estate bubble of the 2000s ( and profited from the collapse ) , and throughout these debacles it was variously accused of securities fraud , tacit bribery , insider trading .
Goldman ’s commodities bubble predations in 2008 are perhaps most illustrative of how a bigness complex with tentacular reach touches all Americans .
With friends placed on the Commodities Futures Trade Commission , Goldman quietly secured an exemption from a Depression - era federal law , specifically the Commodity Exchange Act of 1936 , which limits the number of speculators in the commodities market , stating that if speculation gets too big in those basics of existence — corn , wheat , coal , oil — it ’s a risk to society as a whole .
Armed with the exemption , Goldman was free to set its traders loose in the commodities markets to balloon oil prices even though oil production was up and consumption was down .
Due in part to Goldman ’s manipulations , Taibbi writes , the average barrel of oil in the summer of 2008 was traded twenty - seven times before it reached the consumer , and with the parasitic middleman taking his cut through aggressive — often lawless — interference in the laws of the marketplace , we had four - dollar - a - gallon prices that crimped the livelihoods of tens of millions of drivers .
For this good work , the company demanded a bailout , stretching its many arms to twist the necks of these same taxpayers .
Goldman executives were brought in to help plan the bailout arrangements , for themselves and other banks , and the $ 700 billion was dispersed mostly in secret , with little or no oversight .
They helped to oversee the AIG bailout , because Goldman ’s investments were bound up in AIG , and , as anticipated , when AIG received $ 85 billion at the direction of ex-Goldmanite Paulson at the Treasury , $ 13 billion was promptly routed from AIG to Goldman .
Goldman then machinated for its own bailout , while Paulson opted to let Goldman ’s chief competitor , Lehman Brothers , collapse for the pickings .
This had the benefit of allowing Goldman to sop up Lehman ’s share of the market , so that Goldman , among the prime perpetrators of excess that led to the crash , now grows even bigger , presumably to go on to further excesses .
What must be understood is that this bailing out of bigness is nothing new .
It happened , for example , with Chrysler in 1979 — $ 4 billion was allocated by Congress so the company could continue making stupid decisions and crappy cars — and with Long Term Capital Management in 1998 , after the hedge fund invested too much money in too much risk , which is just the model of profligacy required for a company to achieve the coveted status of “ too big to fail . ”
The difference in the recent bailout is only its size , stretching into the hundreds of billions of dollars , saddling generations of Americans with government debt larger than any single generation past had to contend with .
There is no learning curve , only the upward sweep of profits and size and government intervention .
Bailing out bigness masterfully incentivizes bigness , because to be big is apparently the ultimate indemnity against the rigors of the marketplace , i.e. , against the real world in which you and I are supposed to muck around for a living .
And the bigger the losses among the giants , the better — how else can one threaten the “ system ” and demand a bailout and grow still bigger ?
The small community and state banks in boring places like North Dakota are holding course just fine in the throes of the “ crisis ” — they were humble and frugal — as are many smaller banks that operate nationally .
But the necessary consequence of bailing out losers like AIG and Goldman Sachs and the other giants is that the small guys , who were modestly surviving , lose business to the subsidized goliaths .
The bailouts in their scale have one other big incentivizing consequence : they reframe the mistakes of the private sector as social catastrophes , which makes us all vulnerable by encouraging the socialization of foolishness and greed that would better remain the burden of boardroom executives .
The private enterprise economy is revolutionized in the most cynical and ironic fashion , so that unfairness bears down like a jackboot on the small man , while it ’s socialism for the rich , the big , the abusive , the powerful , the ones doing the stomping .
“ Marx , in his innocent , and now obsolete , way thought it would be the workers who would force the pace of socialism , ” wrote John Kenneth Galbraith way back in the comparative innocence of 1985 .
“ He must be looking with surprise at the way , in our time , it is the bankers and the big industrialists who lead the march , carry the flag . ”
And lo , swollen with government money , while the world economy immolated throughout the summer and fall of 2009 , Goldman Sachs posted its largest profits ever .
In 1834 , Roger B . Taney , who would become chief justice of the Supreme Court , warned about the supersized hostage - taking capacity of big concentrations in business .
Listening to the bailout justifications throughout 2009 , one could appreciate the fatefulness in Taney ’s message .
The big interests , he observed , “ may now demand the possession of the public money . . . and if these objects are yielded to them from apprehensions of their power , or from the suffering which rapid curtailments on their part are inflicting on the community , what may they next not require ?
Will submission render such a corporation more forbearing in its course ? ” Ask Goldman Sachs .
The Founding Fathers were concerned about the problem from day one , though they described the influence and power of bigness in terms of “ factions , ” those groups of citizens — and now , more problematically , in a way the founders did not foresee , those groups of fake citizens known as corporations — “ who are united and actuated by some common impulse of passion , or of interest , adverse to the rights of other citizens , or to the permanent and aggregate interests of the community . ”
Madison ’s solution in the Federalist Papers was to allow a multiplicity of interests that , ideally , would balance each other out , so that no one interest could hold sway .
In other words , competition for power among factions — that itself could only function in a decentralized system — was key to keeping all factions free .
The principles of representative democracy and the principles of free - market economics were able to coexist in the small - scale schematic of eighteenth - century America .
But the bigness complexes of today require that we sacrifice one or the other .
We can refuse to bail out the big companies while letting the economy falter — dragging into penury no small number of Americans — and fail in our oath to caretake the interests of the people .
Or we can sacrifice free - market principles and fund the bailouts and let corporate obesity run riot till it crashes power - drunk into another wall — and it will , it always does .
“ The irony , ” says James Brock , “ is that we have established a reverse economic Darwinism , where we ensure the survival of the fattest , not the fittest , the biggest , not the best . ”
THE 9/11 ATTACKS presented one of those classic moments when bigness failed spectacularly .
The $ 75 - billion - and - counting “ central intelligence ” apparatus , this lumbering giantist peanut - butter bureaucracy , was outsmarted by a dispersed , small - scale , “ small - cell ” operation of nineteen men armed with box cutters and bad English and funded by a Saudi exile languishing in the mountains of Afghanistan .
I got on the phone recently with a sociologist at Yale University named Charles Perrow , who a few years ago wrote a book called The Next Catastrophe , in which he singles out Islamist terrorist networks for their adaptive dexterity , their adroitness in adversity , and for the schooling they offer in the vulnerability of being too big , which is to say too centralized .
Terrorist networks “ are very reliable , ” says Perrow .
“ They can live largely off the land , can remain dormant for years with no maintenance costs and few costs from unused invested capital , and individual cells are expendable .
There are multiple ties between cells , providing redundancy , and taking out any one cell does not endanger the network . ”
Islamist terrorists operate , to their credit , Perrow says , by virtue of the same “ resiliencies ” and “ decentralizations ” that characterize small - firm networks , those systems of disparate though interrelated companies that most economists would associate with low economic development — because of their smallness — but that in fact do very well while spreading the wealth .
Looking at small - firm networks , where each firm had twenty or fewer employees , Perrow found “ efficiency , resiliency , reliability , innovativeness and positive social outcomes ” in Japan , Taiwan , Italy , across Northern Europe , and , not least , in the Silicon Valley of the United States .
Dependency , the chief factor in Perrow ’s understanding of how catastrophes past and future can envelop whole societies , was what small - firm networks cut out of the equation .
“ Dependencies are low because there are multiple sources of suppliers , producers , customers , and distributors , ” he writes .
“ Wealth is decentralized , since it is spread over many units , and thus the economic power of individuals or single units is kept in check while the power of the network is enhanced . ”
It echoes what the founders were thinking , though presently such thoughts are considered wholly un-American .
The American way in business and government and infrastructure is to systematically increase dependencies and call it “ efficiency . ”
Perrow singles out three areas of dangerous concentration : in energy , in populations , and in economic / political power .
In energy , there is not simply the fact that U.S. refining capacity agglomerates just where hurricanes like to hit , but that industrial storage and toxic processing facilities sit one atop the other , some of them prone to explosion , such as the ruptured oil storage tanks in the wake of Hurricane Katrina .
It ’s not just cities too big for the floodplains in which they sprawl , but the fact that they are supplied by electricity grids too centralized and increasingly prone to blackouts like the one that surprised much of the American Northeast in 2003 , resultant from a single broken link in the grid .
It ’s not just that the grids are centralized and so tightly coupled , but that they became this way because energy companies , growing into oligopoloid monoliths , captured and undermined the centralized regulatory agencies of government .
In Perrow ’s analysis , it all interlinks , cross-pollinates , conduces to perpetuate ever - increasing bigness .
The bigger and more complex and more total our systems and institutions become , Perrow is saying , the weaker and more vulnerable they really are .
Anybody who ’s been on a camping trip with too many friends can understand Perrow ’s thinking .
Small groups of people prove to be more cohesive , effective , creative in getting things done .
In the 1970s , the English management expert and business scholar Charles Handy put the ideal group size in work environments at “ between five and seven ” for “ best participation , for highest all - round involvement . ”
Alexander Paul Hare , author of the classic Creativity in Small Groups , showed that groups sized between four and seven were most successful at problem solving , largely because small groups , as Hare observed , are more democratic : egalitarian , mutualist , co-operative , inclusive .
Hundreds of studies in factories and workplaces confirm that workers divided into small groups enjoy lower absenteeism , less sickness , higher productivity , greater social interaction , higher morale — most likely because the conditions allow them to engage what is best in being human , to share the meaning and fruits of their labor .
This might have something to do with the evolution of the human brain over the hundred thousand years that man survived by hunting and gathering in small tribes .
Cognitive neuroscience suggests that the regions of the brain controlling emotion are hard - wired for a small - group dynamic , that the frontal cortex itself is severely limited in the amount of information it can synthesize on a large scale .
Indeed , these same researchers of group dynamics show that a disturbing thing happens as groups expand .
Large groups develop quickly into a committee structure , with an executive or leadership that directs and often dominates the decision - making process .
Power , in other words , is centralized , hierarchies are built , authority is increasingly top - down , consent is gently coerced or it arrives by default , as members of the group simply stop participating — not speaking , or initiating , or deciding , or acting , their invisibility growing in proportion as the group grows in size .
In short , the experience of most members of the big group could accurately be described as one of alienation , powerlessness , meaninglessness .
Needless to say , in our very modern world of enormous institutions , we are daily confronted with this alienating experience , not merely in corporations , banks , automakers — to whom we say , “ Yes , too big to fail , and nothing to be done about it ! ” — but in our most prestigious universities , our proudest labor unions , our staunchest advocates for environmental action and civil rights , our best hospitals , our gigantic corporate organic farms , not to mention the multi-trillion - dollar machine of a welfare government — the social safety nets , the regulatory functions , the housing and healthcare authorities , and all its octopus arms that reach into the lives of citizens .
In such environments , people , as Paul Goodman once put it , are reduced to personnel , certainly if they do n’t secure a place at the top of the heap or near it , which most do not ; they become functionaries , bureaucrats , organizers for the organization , jugglers of abstractions .
Goodman , a self - described anarchist , observed in 1963 that “ no matter how benevolent the goals , the style of execution is dehumanizing .
So long as people are transformed into personnel — management - personnel , labor - personnel , professional - personnel , ” and to this Goodman goes on to add sales - personnel , consumer - personnel , client - personnel , voting - personnel , to which we might as well add military - personnel , security - personnel , police - personnel , killing - personnel — “ we cannot expect the organization to be internally humanized by their persons , for there are no persons . ”
IT WAS E. F. SCHUMACHER WHO , in the 1950s , as the chief economist at the British National Coal Board , came to the quite reasonable — at the time unthinkable — conclusion that energy supply , the coal that England so ravenously was burning up , could not satisfy an ideology of unlimited growth .
It was , Schumacher concluded , a suicide pact with Planet Earth .
What Schumacher offered instead in the book that made him famous , Small Is Beautiful , is the common - sensical idea that man is small , therefore should think small — that is , think along the lines of human scale .
When in 1955 Schumacher was invited by the government of Burma as an advisor on economic development , he understood at once that the rote econometrics of the West had little to offer the Burmese .
Schumacher fell in love with the country , the people , the culture , and it was Buddhism that most impressed him , Buddhism in practice in the little villages , the Buddhism of the Middle Path .
The experience was transformative , inspiring him to gestate the notion of a “ Buddhist economics , ” an “ economics as if people mattered . ”
Instead of demanding that his hosts modernize , he urged the Burmese to hold fast to the middle path , employing energy - light , human - scale technology — what he called “ democratic or people ’s technology ” — to develop the economy on the organic scale of the village .
Instead of industrial irrigation super - projects , there would be drip - irrigation and foot - operated treadle pumps ( which have worked in Burma to this day ) .
Instead of breakneck urbanization and huge capital investments and centralized planning , the Burmese would do better to decentralize as much as possible , he said , to keep decision - making local for the local production of food and handicrafts to be locally consumed .
Mahatma Gandhi ’s development plans for India were much along the same lines .
“ If we feel the need of machines , ” said Gandhi , “ we certainly will have them .
Every machine that helps every individual has a place , but there should be no place for machines [ that ] turn the masses into mere machine minders . ”
What in the intervening years has been the alternative ?
In China , great leaps forward have poisoned the rivers and the lakes and the fields and the coastal beds , displacing huge populations , concentrating them in the filth of cities as machine minders , impoverishing every rank of traditional society while enriching a very few , for whom tradition is nothing more than an attachment to the nonmaterial .
Of course , among the economists for whom growth was the unquestioned ideology — growth for its own sake , the ideology of the cancer cell — Schumacher was considered a crazy old man , a godforsaken crank .
And to that he was said to have replied that a crank is small , safe , cheap , comprehensible , nonviolent , and efficient , a perfect tool of intermediate technology .
Let us be cranks then , though the consensus conspires against us — against the very notion that the small - scale and low - tech may hold the means to a workable future .
We can start by downsizing the monster corporations .
The antitrust law is there , waiting , a fist in our pockets .
Let ’s have a third party in politics that might dare to confront bigness — hell , let ’s have a second party , given that Republicans and Democrats are at odds only in the perfumes they wear .
Let ’s have ten or twenty parties .
Let ’s encourage local production with local labor within easy commuting distances ; pay a living wage ; restructure land - use patterns to provide easy access to work ; grow most of our food close to where it will be consumed .
Let ’s dream small .
Of course , bigness may still be needed to provide certain goods and services , but the most realistic future for humankind lies in a determined return to the human scale .
The transformation will no doubt be costly in the short term , that is , less profitable for Big Ag and Big Oil and Big Coal and all the other bigness complexes , but it will produce vast benefits to social health in the long run .
And how shall we quantify that kind of quality ?
Not in the usual gibberish of national product — the original definition of gross meaning “ repellently fat ” — or exports and imports , or capital - output ratios , or capitalization , not with the metrics of the idiot savants in the finance industry , who produce nothing one can hold in the hand , nothing of real value in a human - scale economy .
Instead of depending on slave labor abroad , we can have jobs at home for the things we need , not the things we are told to want .
Instead of processed food , we can have fresh food .
Instead of faraway hierarchies , we can have local networks .
Instead of militarism , cooperation .
Instead of repression , innovation .
Instead of homogenous , homegrown .
It goes against every urging in our recent history and our covetous training , and therefore it may only happen when some external force comes into play .
Most likely that force will be the limits of Planet Earth , and our fitness will be determined , as it was with the dinosaurs , by our ability to adapt to the new conditions .
Or not .
We might do well to remember that the laws of nature are bigger than Goldman Sachs or the Big Three or the United States of America .
Until then , we will continue to think of our systems as too big to fail , during which time we may end up presiding with a blithe mind over their failure — which , ultimately , will mean our failure .
Howard Fineman just reported the Congressman will have a press conference tommmorow where he will be announcing his support for the bill .
Although it will be reluctant support , he WILL vote for the final bill .
He also said he will emphasis , as Obama did , that this is just a first step in the reform effort .
The Dream lives on folks , let 's keep up the fight !
Rec List !!:
I just want to thank ...............
Congressman Dennis Kucinich , if he does in fact vote for this bill , it truly will be the right thing to do .
The fight is n't close to over , this bill is imperfect , heck I could go on and on about what 's wrong with it , but we will imporve it , every year , every chance we can , we will improve it .
For my family , for your family , for all of our families , let 's get the job done .
Update 2 : Some people are making the case that Kucinich is some sort of unprincipled snake because he will probably get something in return for his vote .
I have to disagree wholeheartedly with that accusation .
This is EXACTLY what conservatives do to get their way on legislation .
If Kucinich did get a promise of some sort ( maybe a fix to his SP provision ) that moves the bill TO THE LEFT .
What other progressive managed to do that ?
They took his threat of voting against the bill seriously and because of that they played ball .
More progessive congresspeople should try that .
Well then , here ’s a new comic strip .
I think this one might be a result of me playing Bioshock 2 for hours on end , even though I guess the only thing these two things have in common is … well , water .
by Unity
Let ’s try a bit of word association …
James Delingpole ..?
I ’m guessing that ‘ climate change denier ’ was probably the first thing that came to mind , although having read George Monbiot ’s latest missive on CiF , ‘ vicious douchebag ’ seems rather more apt .
On Sunday , Delingpole posted this on his blog at the Telegraph :
The Warmists are looking increasingly foolish and wrong .
But they are n’t going to go down without a fight .
Consider , Exhibit A , this nauseating email currently being sent out to Conservative candidates .
It seems that in the last week a couple of hundred Tory candidates have received variations on the theme below .
Note that these emails do not come from a named organisation but from individual voters in each of the different prospective parliamentary candidates ’ constituencies .
The text of the email in question , which he also posted , goes like this :
Dear Edwin Northover
I was concerned to note the results of a survey of 140 Conservative candidates for parliament that suggested that climate change came right at the bottom of their priorities for government action .
I hope you can reassure me that you recognise the importance and success of climate change action by the UK government at home and internationally .
Can you clarify that :
You accept that climate change is caused by human activity ?
Do you support the target to achieve 15 % renewable energy by 2020 ?
Do you support the EU imposing tougher regulation to combat climate change ?
Kind Regards , *** ***” .
Not only does that look to be a perfectly polite and reasonable enquiry but it looks , to me at least , very much like the kind of simple fill - in - the - blanks form email that ’s pretty much a staple tool of internet - based campaigning .
In other words , it about as far from ‘ stalking ’ – the term Delingpole used in the title of his post – as its possible to get .
From here , I ’ll let Monbiot pick up the story :
It looks to me like a polite enquiry from someone concerned about climate change .
Delingpole , however , saw it as a “ nauseating email ” which must have come from a “ disgusting eco- fascist organisation ” , though he did n’t know which organisation this might be .
His post was headlined “ Conservative candidates stalked by eco bullies ” .
Much worse , he published the man ’s name and home address .
Delingpole ’s bootboys took the hint and immediately swung into action .
Within a few minutes of the comments opening , they had published the man ’s telephone number and email address , a photo of his house ( “ Note all the recycling going on in his front garden ” ) , his age and occupation .
Then they sought to tell him just what a low opinion they had of “ stalking ” and “ bullying ” .
One commenter wrote : “ I tried to telephone *** *** on the number helpfully posted in this blog , but he ’s out until tomorrow .
Perhaps he is out ‘ tackling climate change ’ ?
– anyway his missus did n’t seem to know where he was . ”
Paradoxically , their hounding of this poor man demonstrated that he was just what he seemed to be : an ordinary citizen , exercising his democratic right to ask a parliamentary candidate about his position on an important matter .
The Telegraph have now removed Delingpole ’s post , although not until it had sat on their site for 20 hours collecting abusive and inane comments , including :
“ This intrusive and abusive lobbying is disgusting ” “ I can not stress enough how dangerous and vindictive the environmentalist movement is . ”
There is , however , one very important point that Monbiot fails to reflect on .
Edwin Northover is the Conservative PPC for the constituency of Leyton and Wanstead and the clipped copy of Delingpole ’s article that I ’ve managed to track down shows that this particular email was sent Northover at a googlemail address used by Leyton and Wanstead Conservative Association ’s constituency office :
Leyton and Wanstead Conservatives – working to elect a Conservative Government With a Constituency spanning Waltham Forest and Redbridge we are an active association working hard for a Conservative Victory in the 2010 local elections in Waltham Forest and Leyton and Wanstead and in Leyton and Wanstead Constituency in the General Election in 2010 .
After years of Labour mismanagement and Leyton ’s own “ expenses - gate ” we have a excellent opportunity to win Leyton and Wanstead at the next General Election .
If you would like to join our campaign or learn more about our work please email LWConservatives@googlemail.com or call our Constituency Office on 020 8551 4333 .
Ed Northover - Conservative Parliamentary Candidate for Leyton and Wanstead
So , how did a private email to a would be Member of Parliament come to be published , with the name and address of the sender , on a blog post at the Daily Telegraph ?
Methinks , that Edwin has a considerable amount of explaining to do .
After all , if he , or perhaps his constituency office , cannot respect the privacy of a constituent when he ’s a candidate , how can either be trusted to respect his constituents ’ right to privacy and confidentiality should he become an MP .
MARCH 4-- If you 've forgotten why lawyers have approval ratings as low as politicians and journalists , take a look at this letter written recently by William Ogletree , a Texas attorney .
The 62 - year - old Ogletree , you see , was headed to Las Vegas on December 30 when he stopped at a pizza place in the Houston airport .
Upon departing the food court in Terminal C , Ogletree somehow forgot to take his ' expensive black leather coat , ' an XL Polo model ( with a fashionable plaid lining ) worth $ 800 .
Not surprisingly , the coat subsequently disappeared .
Now Ogletree is threatening to sue the City of Houston , Continental Airlines , and the food court 's management company for failing to have ' collected the coat , kept it in a secure place and held it for a reasonable time ' until he was able to reunite with the garment .
These prospective defendants , Ogletree reasoned , ' breached their duty ' in connection with how they ' manage lost and found items for which they are responsible . '
In his January 18 litigation threat letter , a copy of which you 'll find here , Ogletree , pictured at left , noted that ' further legal action ' could be avoided if he simply was paid $ 800 ' for the cost of the coat . '
Ogletree did not respond to a message left at his office , so TSG can offer no further Ogletree thoughts on the subject of personal responsibility .
( 2 pages )
Faithful were gathered in prayer when attack occurred .
There were four priests , one deacon and 400 parishioners in the building , women and children also targeted .
Fundamentalists fury , egged on by the imam , unleashed by the rumour that the Christians are building a new church .
In reality it is a hospice .
Cairo ( AsiaNews / Agencies ) –
The toll from an attack on the Coptic Christian community that took place yesterday in the north - western province of Mersa Matrouh , Egypt is 25 wounded , including women and children .
A crowd of around 3 thousand Muslims attacked the faithful gathered in prayer in a building adjoining the local church .
The fundamentalists fury , encouraged by the imam , was sparked by the rumour that the Christians have begun to build a new place of worship .
Around 5 o'clock yesterday afternoon , the Muslims - a group of Bedouins and Salafi fanatics - started throwing stones at a construction site , which they believe in reality will be a new church .
Local witnesses reported that security forces present were not sufficient to contain the attack .
The police fired tear gas and arrested a dozen people , including Muslims and Christians .
Only this morning , reinforcements arrived from Alexandria , thanks to which the Coptic faithful trapped inside the building could return to their homes .
At the moment of the attack the Christian prayer house contained four priests , one deacon and about 400 parishioners .
Christians say that the building under construction , in fact , is a nursing home and said they were " terrified " by the latest attack .
The local imam Shaikh Khamees intervention during Friday prayers has helped to foment the anger of Muslims .
He emphasized the duty to fight against the " enemies " of Islam and stressed that " we do not tolerate the Christian presence in our area . "
Reverend Matta Zakarya confirms that this morning there was a summit between the leaders of the local church , state security forces and even some Muslims .
" The Coptic are scared - he stresses - especially women and children who were inside the building and witnessed the assault . "
Roll Date Issue Question Result Title / Description
664 22 -Dec H R 847 On Motion to Concur in the Senate Amendment P James Zadroga 9/11 Health and Compensation Act
663 21 - Dec H R 6547 On Motion to Suspend the Rules and Pass P Protecting Students from Sexual and Violent Predators Act
662 21 - Dec H R 3082
On Motion to Concur in the Senate amendment to House amendment to Senate amendment P Making appropriations for military construction , the Department of Veterans Affairs , and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30 , 2010 , and for other purposes
661 21 - Dec H R 2751 On Motion to Concur in the Senate Amendments P FDA Food Safety Modernization Act
660 21 - Dec H R 2142 On Motion to Concur in the Senate Amendment P GPRA Modernization Act of 2010
659 21 - Dec H R 5116 On Motion to Concur in the Senate Amendment P America COMPETES Reauthorization Act
658 21 - Dec H R 6540 On Motion to Suspend the Rules and Pass P Defense Level Playing Field Act
About The Author Cameron Chapman is a professional Web and graphic designer with over 6 years of experience .
She writes for a number of blogs and is the author of The Smashing … More about Cameron Chapman …
Color Theory For Designers , Part 2 : Understanding Concepts And Color Terminology
Smashing Newsletter
Every week , we send out useful front - end & UX techniques .
Subscribe and get the Smart Interface Design Checklists PDF delivered to your inbox .
Your ( smashing ) email Subscribe →
If you ’re going to use color effectively in your designs , you ’ll need to know a few color concepts , as well as color theory terminology .
A thorough working knowledge of concepts like chroma , value , and saturation is key to creating your own awesome color palettes ( which we ’ll get to in Part 3 ) .
[ Content Update : August 2017 ]
In Part 1 : The Meaning of Color of this color theory series , we covered the meanings of different colors .
Here , we ’ll go over the basics of what affects a given color , such as adding gray , white , or black to the pure hue , and its effect on a design ( with examples ) .
How To Create Your Own Color Schemes
Let ’s talk about creating your own color schemes , from scratch , covering the traditional color scheme patterns ( monochrome , analogous , complementary , etc. ) , and others .
Read a related article →
Hue
Hue is the most basic of color terms and denotes an object ’s color .
When we say “ blue , ” “ green , ” or “ red , ” we ’re talking about hue .
The hues you use in your designs convey important messages to your website ’s visitors .
Read Part 1 of this series for the meanings conveyed by various hues .
Examples
Using a lot of pure hues together can add a fun and playful look to a design , as done in the design of this website .
Pure red is a very popular hue in Web design .
This site also incorporates other pure hues as the main photo changes .
HeadOfffice uses such a bright pure yellow hue that it ’s almost difficult to look at .
Chroma
Chroma refers to the purity of a color .
A hue with high chroma has no black , white , or gray added to it .
Conversely , adding white , black , or gray reduces its chroma .
It ’s similar to saturation but not quite the same .
Chroma can be thought of as the brightness of a color in comparison to white .
In design , avoid using hues that have a similar ( but not identical ) chroma .
Opt instead for hues with chromas that are either exactly the same or at least a few steps away from each other .
Examples
Combining a variety of hues with the same chroma creates a harmonious background pattern .
The difference in chroma between the pink and dark purple on this site provides solid contrast in the design .
The low chroma colors in this design contrast nicely against the black typography .
Saturation
Saturation refers to how a hue appears under particular lighting conditions .
Think of saturation in terms of weak vs. strong or pale vs. pure hues .
In design , colors with similar saturation levels make for more cohesive - looking designs .
As with chroma , colors with similar but not identical saturations can have a jarring effect on visitors .
Examples
The slightly paler saturation of the letters in the header on this site create a more calming feel than pure hues would .
The more saturated red accent color on this site really stands out against the black and tan colors , which are both less saturated .
Warm , less saturated hues like the ones found on this site give a decidedly feminine feel to the design .
Value
Value could also be called “ lightness . ”
It refers to how light or dark a color is .
Lighter colors have higher values .
For example , orange has a higher value than navy blue or dark purple .
Black has the lowest value of any hue , and white the highest .
When applying color values to your designs , favor colors with different values , especially ones with high chroma .
High contrast values generally result in more aesthetically pleasing designs .
Examples
The high value of the yellow used here really stands out against the lower - value black and even higher value white .
Here ’s another site that combines a mid-range hue with a high - value and low - value hue to create a very modern look and feel .
The Waaark site combines hues with a variety of values to create a very harmonious design .
Tones
Tones are created when gray is added to a hue .
Tones are generally duller or softer - looking than pure hues .
Tones are sometimes easier to use in designs .
More gray can lend a certain vintage feel to websites .
Depending on the hues , they can also add a sophisticated or elegant look .
Examples
Purple takes on a twilight quality when gray is added .
This website combines blues in a variety of tones , shades and tints .
Pink becomes dusty rose as a tone .
Shades
A shade is created when black is added to a hue , making it darker .
The word is often incorrectly used to describe tint or tone , but technically shade only applies to hues made darker by the addition of black .
In design , very dark shades are sometimes used instead of black and can serve as neutrals .
Combining shades with tints or lighter neutrals is best to avoid too dark and heavy a look .
Examples
Joni Korpi ’s website has a variety of different shades of purple in the background ( and a couple of tints in other parts ) .
Shades of blue and yellow combine to create a nautical - themed design .
Navy blue and dark red are commonly used shades in political designs .
Tints
A tint is formed when white is added to a hue , lightening it .
Very light tints are sometimes called pastels , but any pure hue with white added to it is technically a tint , even if the color is still quite bright .
Tints are often used to create feminine or lighter designs .
Pastel tints are especially used to make designs more feminine , though there are plenty of instances of other pastel sites with a more masculine or gender - neutral look .
They also work well in vintage designs and are popular on websites targeted at parents of babies and toddlers .
Examples
Here ’s an example of a tint that ’s still quite bright and vibrant .
The light blue tint combined with the more subtle yellow tint on the Timedropper plugin website creates a soft and fun look .
Pink is a tint of red , and the two different versions of it here work beautifully together .
Conclusion
While you do n’t necessarily have to remember all of these technical terms , you should be familiar with the actual concepts , especially if you want to master part 3 of this series ( in which we create our own color schemes ) .
To that end , here ’s a cheat sheet to jog your memory :
Hue is color ( blue , green , red , etc. ) .
Chroma is the purity of a color ( a high chroma has no added black , white or gray ) .
Saturation refers to how strong or weak a color is ( high saturation being strong ) .
Value refers to how light or dark a color is ( light having a high value ) .
Tones are created by adding gray to a color , making it duller than the original .
Shades are created by adding black to a color , making it darker than the original .
Tints are created by adding white to a color , making it lighter than the original .
Further Resources
The Whole Series
Five - dollar registration fee for persons planning to overthrow US government
Terrorists who want to overthrow the United States government must now register with South Carolina ’s Secretary of State and declare their intentions — or face a $ 25,000 fine and up to 10 years in prison .
The state ’s “ Subversive Activities Registration Act , ” passed last year and now officially on the books , states that “ every member of a subversive organization , or an organization subject to foreign control , every foreign agent and every person who advocates , teaches , advises or practices the duty , necessity or propriety of controlling , conducting , seizing or overthrowing the government of the United States … shall register with the Secretary of State . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
There ’s even a $ 5 filing fee .
By “ subversive organization , ” the law means “ every corporation , society , association , camp , group , bund , political party , assembly , body or organization , composed of two or more persons , which directly or indirectly advocates , advises , teaches or practices the duty , necessity or propriety of controlling , conducting , seizing or overthrowing the government of the United States [ or ] of this State . ”
A PDF of the registration form can be found here , courtesy of FitsNews .
The law also gives subversive organizations “ subject to foreign control ” 30 days to register with the state after setting up shop in South Carolina .
While the intention of the law is apparently aimed at Islamic terrorists , it ’s unclear in the law ’s wording whether it can be applied to right - wing militias , some of whom have reputedly called for the overthrow of the US government .
The law states that “ fraternal ” and “ patriotic ” groups are exempt from the law , but only if they do n’t “ contemplate the overthrow of the government . ”
While the law is clearly redundant — there are plenty of statutes at the state and federal level through which terrorists can be prosecuted — it reflects a not - uncommon pattern in some states of “ doubling down ” against particular crimes .
ADVERTISEMENT
For instance , South Carolina is among those states which require drug dealers to declare their illegal income , or face additional criminal penalties on top of the already established penalties for buying , possessing and selling drugs .
The South Carolina blog FitsNews describes the new law as “ bureaucracy for terrorists . ”
“ In the long and storied history of utterly retarded legislation in South Carolina , we may have finally found the legal statute that takes the cake for sheer stupidity , which we think you ’ll agree is saying something , ” the unsigned blog posting scathingly commented .
While Bart Stupak and the Catholic bishops continue to shill for the US Chamber of Commerce and health insurers with their ridiculous stand on abortion and health care reform , Arizona 's Republican governor affirms what we already knew : " life " to Republicans is nothing more than a talking point .
Arizona governor Jan Brewer signed legislation today ending the CHIP program in Arizona , effectively tossing 47,000 low - income children off the insurance rolls and out of doctors ' offices .
Not content to stop there , the state is also rolling back their Medicaid coverage to toss an additional 310,000 adults off the rolls , claiming the state budget is simply too stressed to handle the load , which is strange , considering the federal matching funds they sacrifice along with the state 's children .
The cuts also mean the state will forgo hundreds of millions of dollars in federal matching aid , and could lose far more if Congress passes a health bill that requires states to maintain eligibility levels for the two programs .
Ms. Brewer , a Republican , has warned that more cuts will be needed if voters do not approve a referendum in May to raise the sales tax by a penny for three years , to 6.6 cents per dollar .
“ Arizona is navigating its way through the largest state budget deficit in its long history , ” said Ms. Brewer , a staunch conservative who said she had never previously supported a tax increase .
“ With my signature on this budget , the first major step to recovery has been taken . ”
Let me see if I understand this .
A Republican governor wants to raise the sales tax to balance the state budget , which is operating at a shortfall like most state budgets right now .
Part of balancing the budget is to forgo federal funds which would boost state resources to assist with covering children .
Instead , Arizona has decided those children can die or end up in emergency rooms , which will then threaten hospitals ' financial solvency .
If those hospitals go bankrupt , then children , adults and seniors will have no access to any medical care , which will certainly make that state more attractive to commercial interests .
This smells like a temper tantrum to me , driven by teabaggers and extremists who would shut down abortion clinics but leave those now - born children in the desert to die .
What I 'm not seeing is an end game .
How does this end well for anyone ?
Senior citizens would be hurt by bankrupt providers , too , and there are plenty of them in Arizona .
If Governor Brewer gets her sales tax increase , will she reinstate the childrens ' insurance program ?
Please , make it stop ...
Comcast is asking for volunteers to participate in its upcoming IP v6 trials .
The cable ISP has been participating in IP v6 circles for a long time and with its huge subscriber base , it is experiencing the IP v4 address scarcity first - hand .
So far , it has been able to get addresses for its customers — but not for those customers ' cable modems and set - top - boxes .
These also need addresses to function or to be managed .
No problem , right ?
Just use private IP v4 addresses , such as the 10 network , which holds 16.8 million addresses .
But with 25 million TV , 15 million ISP , and 6 million Comcast Digital Voice subscribers , 16.8 million private addresses is n't enough for a regular management system in which a management station can directly connect to each managed device .
So Comcast needs IP v6 just to run its internal network effectively now .
We 're also running out of IP v4 addresses , so at some point in the future , Comcast will be unable to obtain additional addresses to connect new customers .
So Comcast also needs to provide IP v6 service to its customers at some point and is looking for willing subjects to give it a try .
Comcast plans four trials .
The first one will use a transition technique that is still under development , called 6RD .
6RD is similar to the 6to4 automatic tunneling mechanism that is available in Windows ( it 's enabled automatically when the system has a public IP v4 address under Windows 7 and Vista ) .
The difference is that 6RD only tunnels IP v6 packets across an IPv4 - only part of the service provider 's network , while 6to4 can tunnel across large parts of the Internet , possibly incurring slowdowns .
The second trial will be with native IPv6 .
Here , IPv6 packets are transmitted across the infrastructure without encapsulating them in IP v4 packets .
IP v4 remains available , creating a " dual stack " deployment .
" Native , dual - stack is central to our IP v6 strategy and we expect that the native dual - stack solution will be a significant part of the IPv6 transition , enabling IP v6 technology to evolve globally while still being able to provide seamless services to the traditional IPv4 Internet , " says Comcast .
The third trial will basically be the opposite of the first : rather than encapsulate IP v6 packets in IP v4 packets in order to traverse IPv4 - only network sections , IP v4 is now encapsulated in IP v6 to get across IP v6 - only parts of the service provider network .
The technique for this will be " Dual Stack Lite , " a protocol that is being developed in the IETF Softwires working group , which is co-chaired by Comcast 's Alain Durand .
In Dual Stack Lite , the IP v4 hosts use private IP v4 addresses .
A home router encapsulates those in IP v6 packets , and a " carrier grade NAT " both decapsulates the packets and performs Network Address Translation so that a lot of DS - Lite clients can share a single IP v4 address .
The fourth trial will evaluate how to provide IP v6 to business class customers .
The first two trials are scheduled for the second quarter of 2010 , the other two for the third quarter .
At this time the details on what participating in each trial will encompass are unclear , and signing up does n't necessarily guarantee participation .
Friends , please find below an update from the chair of the President ’s Advisory Council on Faith - based and Neighborhood Partnerships , Melissa Rogers :
Final Vote Tallies on Non-Consensus Reform Report Issues
We would like to announce the final tallies of the Advisory Council votes on the non-consensus Reform Report issues .
Those tallies are listed below , with the votes favoring each option listed under the relevant answer .
Please note that subsequent to the post on February 4 , Council member Diane Baillargeon changed her votes from abstentions on both questions to the answers reflected below .
Please contact us if you have any questions about these issues .
Thank you for your interest in the work of the Advisory Council .
1 . Should the government allow nongovernmental providers of federally funded social services to provide those services in rooms that contain religious art , scripture , messages , or symbols ?
a. No .
Amend existing regulations , guidance , and an executive order to permit nongovernmental organizations to offer federally funded programming only in areas devoid of religious art , scripture , messages , or symbols .
2 votes – Fred Davie and Nancy Ratzan
b. Amend existing regulations , guidance , and an executive order to allow federally funded programming in areas with these religious items only when there is no available space in the organizations ’ offices without these items and when removing or covering such displays would be infeasible ( e.g. , where it would take great effort to remove or cover a religious icon mounted high on a wall or remove or cover a large statute ) .
If these measures are not feasible and beneficiaries object to the presence of such symbols , beneficiaries must have access to an alternative provider to which they do not object .
( See Reform Report Recommendation 10 : Assure the Religious Liberty Rights of the Clients and Beneficiaries of Federally Funded Programs by Strengthening Appropriate Protections , pages 27 - 29 . )
7 votes – Anju Bhargava , Peg Chemberlin , Harry Knox , Eboo Patel , David Saperstein , Bill Shaw , and Sharon Watkins
c. Yes .
Neither require nor encourage the removal of religious symbols where services subsidized by federal grant or contact funds are provided , but instead encourage all providers to be sensitive to , and to accommodate where feasible , those beneficiaries who may object to the presence of religious symbols .
If these voluntary measures do not meet the objections of the beneficiaries , those beneficiaries must have access to an alternative provider to which they do not object .
( See Reform Report Recommendation 10 : Assure the Religious Liberty Rights of the Clients and Beneficiaries of Federally Funded Programs by Strengthening Appropriate Protections , pages 27 - 29 of the Reform Report . )
16 votes – Diane Baillargeon , Charles Blake , Noel Castellanos , Arturo Chavez , Nathan Diament , Joel Hunter , Vashti McKenzie , Dalia Mogahed , Otis Moss , Frank Page , Anthony Picarello , Melissa Rogers , Richard Stearns , Larry Snyder , Judy Vredenburgh , and Jim Wallis
2 . Should the government require houses of worship to form separate corporations to receive direct federal social service funds ?
a . Yes , the government should require houses of worship that wish to receive direct federal social service funds to establish separate corporations as a necessary means for achieving church - state separation and protecting religious autonomy , while also urging states to reduce any unnecessary administrative costs and burdens associated with attaining this status .
13 votes -- Diane Baillargeon , Anju Bhargava , Charles Blake , Fred Davie , Harry Knox , Vashti McKenzie , Otis Moss , Nancy Ratzan , Melissa Rogers , David Saperstein , Bill Shaw , Jim Wallis , and Sharon Watkins
b. No , the government should not require separate incorporation , because it is not always the best means to achieve these goals , and because it may be prohibitively costly and onerous , particularly for smaller organizations , resulting in the disruption and deterrence of effective and constitutionally permissible relationships .
12 votes – Noel Castellanos , Arturo Chavez , Peg Chemberlin , Nathan Diament , Joel Hunter , Dalia Mogahed , Frank Page , Eboo Patel , Anthony Picarello , Larry Snyder , Richard Stearns , and Judy Vredenburgh
Melissa Rogers is the chair of the President ’s Advisory Council on Faith - based and Neighborhood Partnerships
Armand Emamdjomeh
They came from as far as San Jose to a beach known for its “ clothing - optional ” policy , but the 21 participants at the Bay Area Open Carry meeting were fully clothed and then some .
Most of those in attendance at Baker Beach on Saturday were walking around with unloaded handguns , carrying them legally under a law that took effect on Feb. 22 .
The law allows individuals to carry unloaded , unconcealed firearms in most federal parks .
In recent months , Open Carry has met in cafes and restaurants with firearms displayed as part of an effort to highlight the right to openly carry an unloaded weapon .
Some businesses have asked the group not to meet in their establishments .
The scene on Saturday had more than a touch of the surreal about it : I was walking alongside Jon Schwartz and Vladimir Butsky during a tsunami warning as the two picked up trash with handguns strapped to their hip and thigh , respectively .
In the distance , a naked man frolicked on the beach .
Though the group attracted more than a couple stares and double - takes , most passersby seemed either not to care or pretended not to notice .
But a distance away from the group , one man stood with a photo and video camera .
“ I saw these guys carrying guns , and I was shocked , ” said Brad Lawrence , 37 , who lives nearby in Sea Cliff , and goes to the beach to take pictures of the bridge and video of the nudes .
On this day , though , his lenses were pointed toward the guns .
“ So I can tell my friends and show my neighbors , ” he said .
“ They wo n’t believe this . ”
Mr. Lawrence said he was afraid of guns and started breathing a little heavy when one of the group members approached him to see what he was doing .
“ They seem like perfectly nice people , ” Mr. Lawrence said .
But as to the guns ?
“ Personally , I do n’t like it , ” he said .
Apple 's new supplier responsibility report , issued last week in advance of its shareholder meeting , is now being used to attack the company for auditing its foreign suppliers ' labor practices and acting to stop worker exploitation .
The report , which describes the company 's efforts to police a " Supplier Code of Conduct " on the companies it contracts with , those companies ' own chain of suppliers , and the foreign worker agencies they use , outlined a number of problems Apple discovered in auditing its overseas suppliers .
Included in the report were details pertaining to the discovery of the illegal employment of children and abusive hiring practices that impose horrific fees upon foreign workers employed at factories which essentially reduce them to being indentured servants .
Report used against Apple
Writing for the Telegraph UK , Malcolm Moore characterized the report 's findings to make it sound like Apple had been caught violating the law and had been forced to admit that it was " using child labour in China , " when in fact the opposite was actually the case .
In reality , Apple stepped in to police a situation it had no legal responsibility to address .
" We required a review of all employment records for the year as well as a complete analysis of the hiring process to clarify how underage people had been able to gain employment [ at facilities operated by contractors ] , " Apple stated in the report .
At one facility , Apple discovered that management had actually been falsifying records to make it appear to be compliant with the company 's standards .
" When we investigated , " the report notes , " we uncovered records and conducted worker interviews that revealed excessive working hours and seven days of continuous work . "
Apple subsequently terminated all of its contracts with the factory .
Apple virtually alone in auditing suppliers
The company 's crackdown on abusive labor violations , poor working conditions , and environmentally irresponsible activity on the part of companies who manufacture its products or supply it with parts is nearly unprecedented in the tech industry .
Apple reported that its audits pertaining to labor and human rights , health and safety , environmental impacts , and business ethics were in nearly all cases the first attempt a Western corporation had ever made to monitor and react to conditions in those overseas factories .
" During most of our audits , " the report said , " suppliers stated that Apple was the only company that had ever audited their facility for supplier responsibility . "
Cook , Jobs address supplier responsibility
Apple chief operations officer Tim Cook repeated that fact on stage at the company 's shareholder meeting , but insisted that the company does n't need to trumpet its vanguard position in pushing overseas companies to achieve higher standards in human rights , train their employees to be aware of their rights , and maintain safe working conditions .
Cook said Apple does this not for media attention , but " because it is the right thing to do . "
Chief executive Steve Jobs echoed the same sentiments , passionately arguing that the media and environmental groups have ignored the real issues to focus mainly on what promises companies were making , even though many companies do not actually meet their promised goals .
Apple , Jobs said , was focused on actually achieving results .
By taking real action ranging from reducing its product packaging , increasing efficiency and http://www.apple.com/recycling/ " >enhancing recyclability , to auditing its own facilities and supplying partners ' factories , to publishing details on the environmental footprint of its products , Apple is pioneering social responsibility in a way that customers will see for themselves and support , Jobs maintained .
Dogs have a special chemistry with humans that goes back many tens of thousands of years .
Researchers investigated this special evolutionary relationship from a number of different angles .
Their results are surprising .
The social unit
Domestic dogs are descended from wolves so recently that they remain wolves in all biological essentials , including their social behavior .
Wolf packs have some intriguing parallels with human families :
They are territorial .
They hunt cooperatively .
Pack members are emotionally bonded and greet each other enthusiastically after they have been separated .
In a wolf pack , only the alpha male and female are sexually active even though other pack members are sexually mature .
The social adaptations of dogs and humans are similar enough that dogs can live perfectly happy lives surrounded by humans and vice versa .
Dogs are pampered with the best of food and medical care , frequently in their owners ' comfortable beds .
A family member
Why do people lavish so much care on a member of an alien species ?
A short answer is that on an emotional plane , families do not see the dog as alien .
According to John Archer ( 1 ) of the University of Central Lancashire , who has conducted a detailed study of dog - human relations from an evolutionary perspective , about 40 % of owners identify their dog as a family member reflecting social compatibility between our two species .
Dogs are extraordinarily attentive and have an uncanny ability to predict what their owners will do , whether getting the dog a meal or preparing to go on a walk .
Experiments show that dogs and wolves can be astute readers of human using the direction of our gaze to locate hidden food ( 2 ) a problem that is beyond chimps .
Dogs also seem attuned to the emotional state of their masters and express contrition when the owner is annoyed , for example .
Otherwise , the capacity to express affection , unconditionally , makes the dog a valued " family member . "
Domesticating each other ?
Dogs were the first domestic animal with whom we developed a close association .
Mitochondrial research suggests that most domestic dogs have been genetically separate from wolves for at least 100,000 years so that we have associated with dogs for as long as we have been around as a species ( Homo sapiens ) .
Indeed , some enthusiasts , including Colin Groves of the Australian National University , in Canberra , believe that our success as a species is partly due to help from dogs ( 3 ) .
According to Groves : " The human - dog relationship amounts to a very long - lasting symbiosis .
Dogs acted as human 's alarm systems , trackers , and hunting aides , garbage disposal facilities , hot water bottles , and children 's guardians and playmates .
Humans provided dogs with food and security .
The relationship was stable over 100,000 years or so and intensified in the Holocene into mutual domestication .
Humans domesticated dogs and dogs domesticated humans . "
Relying on dogs to hear the approach of danger and to sniff out the scent of prey animals , our ancestors experienced a decline in these sensory abilities compared with other primates .
This conclusion is confirmed by shrinkage of brain regions devoted to these senses ( the bulb and lateral geniculate body ) .
During the long period of our association , dogs ' brains have shrunk by about 20 percent , typical for animals such as sheep and pigs who enjoy our protection .
Domesticated animals undergo tissue loss in the cerebral hemispheres critical for learning and .
If we relied on dogs to do the hearing and smelling , they evidently relied on us to do some of their thinking .
If Groves is correct that dogs have domesticated humans , then the human brain would also have gotten smaller .
Surprisingly , human brains have actually shrunk , but by only a tenth , suggesting that dogs got more out of the deal than we did .
Saul Bass is known for his work in famous 60s title sequences like Psycho and North by Northwest .
So what would it look like if he made the opening to Tron ?
Vimeo user Hexagonall gives us an idea .
[ Wired ]
Advertisement
Some suggestions to commenters and posters , in the interest of making this site a better experience for everyone :
I know it is tempting but do not post your personal life as a resume for why you are right .
This is a logical fallacy , no matter who you are , even if you just cured cancer while winning an olympic running gold , your arguments must be judged on their own merit .
What matters is what is true and what is false , not who is saying it .
Leave your life story at the front door of your house and engage people on the issues .
Do not be coy or secretive about your views .
Say up front what you desire to see as the future of this world , what place you think whites have in this world , how the laws should be , what philosophers you admire , what religion you belong to , etc .
It is hard enough arguing with a view when we ca n’t even figure out what your view is .
Eventually your credibility is shot because no one can tell what you are saying , whether it conflicts with what you said before , or if you have any point at all .
Do not insult your opponents .
First off , whether they are awful people or not has no relevance to the issue , and whether it is true or false .
Second , it distracts from the argument .
Third , it only invites counter - insults and a general loss of civility that , as others have pointed out , makes majority rights a ‘ sewer . ’
Do not cite your own life circumstances as proof of a larger truth .
Your entire life equals exactly one anecdote .
If you add in your family and friends , you ’ll have a representative sample of 100 people .
The arguments on these boards are dealing with statistics with representative samples in the hundreds of millions and billions , often times dealing with the history of populations over thousands and tens of thousands of years .
No matter what life experience you have , it means nothing to the larger picture — that larger picture is revealed by statistics in the present , and history in the past .
Argue on this basis or concede the point .
Do not accuse people of saying and wanting things they have n’t actually said .
Furthermore , do n’t latch onto one ‘ most horrible thing ’ someone has said while leaving out the larger context of that post and their other posts and comments which could , for instance , paint a different meaning .
Assume the best of your opponents and if you think they might be suggesting some awful evil deed , ask them if that is what they mean .
It might turn out we ’re much nicer people than your knee - jerk reaction assumes .
Or maybe we ’re much meaner .
At the very least , it helps to clarify first , judge later .
Do not argue something is false or someone is wrong because his belief is not ‘ popular ’ or it ‘ will drive away support . ’
It ’s a logical fallacy to appeal to popularity , just as it is a logical fallacy to appeal to authority .
An argument stands on its own merit , regardless of who believes it , or how many .
Whether something will ‘ drive away support ’ is a completely different question than whether it is true or false .
Do not conflate the two , at the very least , list is as a separate problem you have with the post .
As for me , I am with Thomas Jefferson when I say :
There is not a truth existing which I fear or would wish unknown to the whole world .
Narrator said much the same in his own comments recently .
Whether the truth generates support or loses it , will have no impact on our support for the truth .
Ideally , I think our party should be the party of truth , and we could leave all lies to our opponents .
Every lie on earth can belong to them , and every truth on earth should be a part of us .
I am not convinced that lying is a better ‘ strategy ’ or that people lied to are the best ‘ followers , ’ and I am certainly convinced that in any contest of lies , whites will come out last and jews first , so the entire issue is moot regardless .
We are not a good party of liars , we can be a wonderful party of truth - tellers — it ’s in our moral fiber as a race to seek out and love truth .
To shine light into the darkness of unanswered questions , unpopular views , and revolutionary ideals .
This is why almost all progress in human history has been due to whites — we are the only race willing to embrace the truth and discard our ancient lies .
No enemy of truth is a friend to whites , no friend of truth is an enemy to whites .
I firmly believe this .
Therefore , if you wish to dissuade people from their opinions , do not tell them it will ‘ drive away support , ’ just go about showing why it is not true .
If it ’s not true , that ’s sin enough .
If it is true , there ’s no sin at all .
Do not ask newcomers what their personal life circumstances are .
As an exact corollary to not citing your personal life to make your points , it also is a logical fallacy to try and discredit other people ’s points by attacking their personal life .
Either they are right or wrong , debate their points in the field of logic , reason , and facts , not on whether they are jewish , black , of mixed race , married outside their race , south asian , or whatever .
If a jew came down and said “ we should cease all immigration to white - majority nations ” would you tell him he ’s wrong because he ’s a jew ?
Of course not .
The only thing that matters is the issue , the argument , and whether it is right or wrong .
Bullying people based on their life circumstances is rude , immature , and intimidating .
Why should someone have to reveal their whole life situation before they can criticize our views ?
Leave them alone and discuss , courteously , the issue at hand — not their personal life .
For God ’s sake , stop accusing people of being ‘ Zionist agents ’ or ‘ agent provacateurs ’ .
First off , it makes you look like tin-foil hat wearing paranoids .
Second , it reveals that apparently you think so few honest patriots visit these boards that the vast majority of them are government planted secret agents — it betrays a lack of confidence in pro-white beliefs as likely to be held , honestly and genuinely , by anyone else on earth .
Third , it falls under the uncivil insult category .
Fourth , it falls under the category of not assuming the best of people when there is no way to know what is true about them .
Unless you have their pay - stub or intercepted their phone call to their jewish overlord and have them on tape etc , just leave the paranoid delusions at the front door .
Fifth , regardless of their status , that is a personal life situation and thus again , it is a logical fallacy for that to impact the truth or falsehood of their beliefs .
Engage the issue , the argument , not the person .
If he ’s an evil agent provacateur , it should be rather easy to eviscerate his position , neh ?
Just go forth and do it , problem solved .
Do not nitpick over minor details that do not abrogate the larger point someone is trying to make .
If you are fanatically interested in setting the record straight ( much like people who fanatically correct pronunciation , grammar , and spelling whenever anyone speaks )
Say “ just for the record , this is the actual truth you ’re wrong here . ”
Do not attempt to somehow segue that into his entire viewpoint or argument being false .
Most of the time his mistakes and inaccuracies are irrelevant , playing gotcha and scoring ‘ points ’ by pointing out such errors may win the debate , but it does not further our understanding .
Throw in some words of praise for someone when you think he ’s making some great points .
With all the negativity that debating generally generates , it can get to feel like Majority Rights is an angry barroom , when in fact a lot of the time we are surrounded by the best friends a man can have : brave loyal patriots standing up for what is right at a great cost to themselves , because , at the very bottom of our motivations , we love white people — ie , we love each other !
NASA ’s Kepler telescope has discovered five giant planets that whip around their stars on tight orbits ( Illustration : NASA / JPL )
A giant planet with the density of Styrofoam is one of a clutch of new exoplanets discovered by NASA ’s Kepler telescope .
The planets are too hot to support life as we know it , but the discoveries , made during the telescope ’s first few weeks of operation , suggest Kepler is on the right track to find Earth ’s twins , researchers say .
More than 400 planets have now been found orbiting other stars , but Earth - sized planets – which may be the best habitats for life – have remained elusive .
NASA ’s orbiting Kepler telescope is designed to find them .
It has been scrutinising 100,000 stars since April 2009 , searching for telltale dips in starlight created when planets pass in front of their host stars .
During its first six weeks of observations , it found five new planets .
All are giants – four are heavier than Jupiter and one is about as massive as Neptune .
They all orbit their host stars so closely that their surfaces are hotter than molten lava .
“ Looking at them might be like looking at a blast furnace , ” says lead scientist William Borucki , who presented the results on Monday at a meeting of the American Astronomical Society in Washington , DC .
Advertisement
Puffed up
The newly found planets are all less dense than expected based on models of how giant planets coalesce from gas .
One , called Kepler 7 b , is about as dense as polystyrene .
It is about 1.5 times as wide as Jupiter , but only about a tenth as dense , making it one of the most diffuse planets yet found .
Heat is thought to have caused this bloating , but the heating mechanism is not yet understood – it might be stellar radiation , gravitational tugs from the star , or something else .
“ We think this has something to do with the fact that they are all very close to their host stars … but we have n’t found the smoking gun , ” says team member Dimitar Sasselov of the Harvard - Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics in Cambridge , Massachusetts .
Hotter than their hosts
Kepler ’s images also revealed two objects that are curiously hotter than their host stars , with temperatures of roughly 10,000 °C .
These temperatures suggest the objects are diminutive stars called white dwarfs .
White dwarfs are typically about as large as Earth , but Kepler ’s observations suggest the objects are much larger – on the order of Jupiter ’s size .
One possible explanation is that the objects are white dwarfs that lost much of their mass early on , lowering the tug of gravity that keeps the stars compact , says Ronald Gilliland of the Space Telescope Science Institute in Baltimore , Maryland .
Even though the new planets are inhospitably hot , mission members say finding them bodes well for Kepler ’s ability to detect Earth ’s twins .
“ [ They are ] certainly no place to look for life .
That will all come later , ” says Borucki .
Definitive detections of exoplanets require at least four dimming events , which means that detections of Earth - like planets on year - long orbits are still years away .
Vancouver Olympic organizers will spend the next two to three days trucking in extra snow to Cypress Mountain .
The snow is from the Allison Pass area near Manning Park , about 250 kilometres from Cypress Bowl .
VANOC officials said they currently have sufficient snow but decided to bring in 150 truckloads of extra snow as a precaution .
" We 'll have a good healthy stockpile of snow on site , " said VANOC spokeswoman Renee Smith - Valade .
" If we should need a little bit of extra snow at Games time , it 's there . "
Smith - Valade said it has proven to be difficult to forecast the weather .
" Every time it seems to get cold , it does n't , " she said .
She said the snow haul is being paid for out of VANOC 's contingency budget .
Asked why snow could n't have been trucked in from a closer mountain , Smith - Valade said organizers needed the " right snow . "
" We had to get the best , cleanest snow , " she said .
" We wanted pristine white snow . "
For the past few weeks , Olympic organizers have been hauling bales of straw onto the mountain to help create jumps and corners for the snowboarding and freestyle skiing venues .
Sandi Toksvig visits the Human Library where you borrow a person instead of a book - a scheme designed to overcome prejudices .
From March 2010 .
Sandi Toksvig visits the library where you borrow a person instead of a book .
The Human Library is a ground - breaking idea from Denmark designed to get you to confront your deepest prejudices .
Borrow a type of person you think you do n't like , goes the strap line , take them away for a half - hour conversation , and try and get to the bottom of your preconceptions .
People who have volunteered to be ' Books ' range from Muslims to transsexuals , and neo -Nazis to male nannies .
Sandi talks to those who ’ve got involved , both as Readers and Books , borrows a couple of Books herself , and even lends herself out as one .
Producer : Beth O'Dea
First broadcast on BBC Radio 4 in 2010 .
A few weeks ago , I went off to a rather swanky hotel where the director and the stars of Shutter Island were ready for a press conference that would tell us everything we needed to know about the new movie .
The rather exciting thing was that the director was Martin Scorsese and the stars were Leonardo DiCaprio and Sir Ben Kingsley !
During the interview , we get to find out a bit more about how the psychological thriller affected DiCaprio outside of the movie and also get to see how well Martin Scorsese actually knows his movies !
Shutter Island is released in UK cinemas this Friday 12th March and also stars Mark Ruffalo , Max von Sydow , Michelle Williams and Jackie Earle Haley .
You can check out Gary ’s review here or the trailer here .
Ireland ’s next - generation network ( NGN ) rollout has started subtly with the creation of a € 2.5 m NGN Test Centre at Waterford Institute of Technology , involving Enterprise Ireland , Eircom , Meteor and Ericsson .
The NGN test centre , which will be based at the acclaimed Telecommunications Software & Systems Group ( TSSG ) will seek to tie together the strands that will combine to create a state - of - the - art NGN for the entire country , merging fibre with GSM and existing PSTN assets .
Ireland as a NGN leader
Speaking this morning with Siliconrepublic.com , the NGN Test Centre ’s manager Shane Dempsey said the project has the potential to turn Ireland into an NGN leader for the world and overcome the broadband issues of the past decade .
“ The world is moving to IP - based networking technologies for telecoms and the internet .
Effectively , what is required to enable Irish businesses to take advantage is a centre of expertise and test infrastructure .
“ We ’ve teamed up with Ericsson and Enterprise Ireland to create an NGN test centre that will effectively set in motion a private carrier - grade network that Irish businesses can use . ”
Dempsey explained that already an Irish SME called Druid Software , Eircom and a Finnish consultancy called Codnomicom are using the network as a test bed .
The entire NGN sphere is beginning to gain pace and yesterday Cisco unveiled a 322 - terabyte router capable of handling demanding telecoms , video , business and entertainment applications for the future .
Using NGN infrastructure , voice , data , video and other types of information can be transmitted over one network with internet technology .
Globally , the NGN business opportunity is massive .
NGN technology is backwards - compatible , meaning it can work with existing " plain old telephone services " ( known as POTS ) while creating new and global opportunities for service developers over the next few years .
Projected NGN figures
Technology research firm Gartner predicts that the NGN services market in North America alone will be $ 14bn by 2015 and annual sales of NGN infrastructure products will increase by 60 pc over the next five years .
The test centre ’s mission is to assist Irish firms in taking advantage of this lucrative opportunity .
Dempsey told Siliconrepublic.com that the traditional PSTN network in Ireland has a role to play in the future NGN as does the nationwide GSM networks of the various mobile carriers .
“ If you look at Eircom , its owners STT also own Global Crossing and are thus one of the biggest IP transit networks in the world .
Telefonica O2 , for example , are advancing with their NGN research and planning .
“ NGN technology has been talked about for some time but now it ’s coming fast and furious .
It is about taking traditional PSTN telecoms to the maturity and reliability required .
The traditional PSTN has been evolving over a period of time and will have to work with the latest technologies , ” Dempsey said , adding that Eircom ’s € 1bn investment in its fibre core network is a crucial piece in the puzzle .
What is IMS – IP Multimedia Subsystem ?
Specifically , the TSSG is focusing on a technology called IMS – IP Multimedia Subsystem – which is fundamental to the future of mobile networks .
“ This also has implications for the future of fixed - to - mobile and IPTV applications .
It is to become a common way to do switching for all multimedia services , guaranteeing quality of services , authentication and even accounting systems .
It is where the internet of tomorrow meets today ’s telecoms network and legacy integration support . ”
Dempsey said the NGN Test Centre will strategically place Ireland at the coalface of what is becoming a European and global movement .
“ We ’re seeing operators throughout Europe beginning to establish agreements with technology vendors .
In every market , mobile and fixed line operators are going to have to co-operate .
Co-operation is what was integral to the success of GSM making Europe a global leader in mobile .
The same could be true for NGNs . ”
He explained that the total investment so far in the NGN Test Centre , including technology and support from Ericsson and Enterprise Ireland , amounts to € 2.5 m .
The centre staff includes five people with expertise in network management and telecoms service development .
He said that the carrier - grade network being developed by the NGN Test Centre is capable of being connected to by any of the nation ’s network operators .
“ The hardware itself is basically a midsize network operator configuration which is capable of handling tens of thousands of concurrent media streams for IPTV , he said .
One application that Eircom will be demonstrating will be the integration of social media , such as Facebook with IMS .
Dempsey said the NGN network will initially be a limited resources that will be up for 200 usable days throughout the year .
By John Kennedy
Photo : A €2.5 m NGN Test Centre at Waterford Institute of Technology is a base for the roll out of Ireland ’s next - generation network
Casting is like stalking an ex-girlfriend :
If you 're doing it right nobody notices and if you do it badly , it 's the only thing they 'll be able to think about .
We asked you to show us just how noticeably bad casting can be by inserting the worst possible choices for some famous roles .
The winner is below , but first the runners up .
Advertisement
23 Entry by paradigm619
Recently by Ron Paul : Census : A Little Too Personal
This is the foreword to Lies the Government Told You by Andrew P. Napolitano
Andrew P. Napolitano is a true rarity among judges and media personalities :
He is a passionate defender of liberty who understands that the United States Constitution puts strict limits on federal power .
Judge Napolitano ’s tremendous knowledge of American law , history , and politics , as well as his passion for freedom , shines through in Lies the Government Told You , as he details how throughout American history , politicians and government officials have betrayed the ideals of personal liberty and limited government .
Anyone who knows Judge Napolitano understands that he does not pull his punches or excuse any constitutional violations in order to support any group or political interest .
Thus , Lies the Government Told
You explains how politicians of both parties have routinely disregarded the constitutional limits on federal power and violated our natural rights .
Lies the Government To ... Andrew P. Napolitano Best Price : $ 0.25 Buy New $ 4.46 ( as of 12:15 EST - Details )
One of the most important lessons Judge Napolitano teaches is how many shared premises there are by advocates of big government from both the right and the left .
For example , Judge Napolitano exposes how both the conservatives ’ war on marijuana and the liberals ’ war on tobacco are manifestations of paternalism — the idea that government has the legitimate authority to stop adults from doing bad things , like smoking substances that politicians and bureaucrats do not approve of .
Of course , smoking , whether of marijuana or tobacco , does have negative health consequences — but respecting the right of individuals to be wrong , as long as they do not interfere with the rights of others , is one of the pillars of a free society .
A Foreign Policy of Fr... Paul , Ron Best Price : $ 0.25 Buy New $ 8.85 ( as of 06:20 EST - Details )
Lies the Government Told
You also avoids the all - too - common error of drawing a distinction between " personal " liberty and " economic " liberty , and focusing on attacks on one type of freedom while ignoring or even supporting attacks on the other category of liberty .
When the freedom movement began in the nineteenth century , supporters of liberty , who were then known as " liberals , " made no distinctions between government actions that interfered with economic liberties , such as laws infringing upon private contracts , and government actions that restricted personal liberty , such as limits on the freedom of speech .
Supporters of liberty were also likely to understand the grave threat posed to liberty and constitutional government by a militaristic foreign policy .
Thus , they were also supporters of peace .
However , beginning in the Progressive Era , promoters of big government co-opted the rhetoric of the promoters of freedom , even stealing the label " liberal . "
Whereas liberal once referred to a supporter of freedom , beginning in the Progressive Era , the term liberal began to refer to supporters of the welfare state .
The division between supporters of " economic " and " personal " freedoms was accelerated by the Cold War , when many supporters of free markets allowed their ( justifiable ) loathing of communism to lead them to embrace militarism abroad and limitations on personal freedom at home .
Thanks to this division between the supporters of personal and economic liberty , it is not uncommon to find opponents of socialized medicine arguing for the Patriot Act , and supporters of gun control arguing for free speech .
End the Fed Ron Paul Best Price : $ 1.12 Buy New $ 8.53 ( as of 10:10 EST - Details )
Fortunately , Judge Andrew P. Napolitano is one of a growing number of Americans who support liberty across the board .
Thus , Lies the Government Told You defends all of our freedoms .
Readers of this book will find eloquent defenses of private property , the right to keep and bear arms , and attacks on excessive government regulations along with defenses of free speech , and attacks on unconstitutional wars , the drug war , and the Patriot Act .
The Revolution : A Mani ... Ron Paul Best Price : $ 1.99 Buy New $ 6.99 ( as of 11:00 EST - Details )
One chapter of this book that is particularly important to me deals with monetary policy .
Anyone who has followed my career knows that exposing and ending the damage done to our prosperity and freedom by the Federal Reserve ’s fiat currency system drives much of what I do .
While there is substantial literature explaining the myriad ways the Federal Reserve damages our economy , there is not nearly as much writing that explains how the Federal Reserve System violates the Constitution and ties the Federal Reserve to the general assault on liberty waged by Big Government .
This book helps fill that gap .
As a congressional representative from a Gulf Coast district who has seen how the Federal Emergency Management Agency ( FEMA ) fails to live up to its promise to provide assistance to victims of natural disasters in a timely and thorough manner , I particularly enjoyed Judge Napolitano ’s dissection of the constitutional and practical problems with FEMA .
I have only scratched the surface of the many virtues of this important work .
Lies the Government Told
You will provide those active in the freedom movement with much - needed intellectual ammunition .
This book can also help open the eyes of those who are yet to recognize the assault on our liberty by politicians and bureaucrats .
I am pleased to recommend this book to anyone who cares about the direction of this country and wants to understand how we got where we are , and what we need to do to regain our liberties .
See the Ron Paul File
March 10 , 2010
The Best of Ron Paul
Forum :
Our forum is the undisputed single most useful source of information on website buying and selling .
It is a non -profit venture and boasts among its members every major website broker , every major marketplace , IP lawyers , accountants , due diligence experts , other experts and numerous professional buyers and sellers .
As market leader , we collect extremely detailed data on sites sold at every major marketplace / broker .
Data is enhanced using various third party services .
We then develop the industry 's top stats / tools .
Nobody has their finger on the pulse like we do .
Unlike stats issued by individual marketplaces , ours are not biased to enhance our bottom line .
Added :
This project is now private and not available to the public any more .
For the past few months , I 've been tutoring a friend in JavaScript , and I 've rediscovered some trite knowledge anew : there 's no better way to improve in a subject than to teach it .
My friend and I come at programming JS from different directions : he 's primarily a Web designer who uses jQuery to enhance pages that can stand on their own , while I'm a Python / Zope developer who 's currently using ExtJS as the framework for a full - blown web application .
I did a lot of thinking before our first session about how to approach the undertaking — should I teach to a framework , since that would yield the most immediate benefits ?
If so , which ?
Would I be able to explain best practices without going laboriously over never - again - used fundamentals of programming ?
Would our sessions even be worthwhile , since hundreds of tutorials are freely available ?
Luckily my tutee was enthusiastic about learning from the bottom up , which was significantly easier for me , since that 's how I learned myself .
Despite the familiar trajectory , our sessions have been pretty educational for me , too , in part because they 've highlighted the difficulties ( and rewards ) of teaching JavaScript , as distinct from those involved in learning it .
The first thing I realized was almost a tautology : different people approach JavaScript in different ways .
The gap between designer and developer is quite large , and yet their disparate approaches are at once equally valid ( grant me the possibly false dichotomy for just a minute ) .
Other things being equal , designers want to add features and effects to their pages , to enhance the user experience .
They think in CSS , and are primarily concerned with the manipulation of DOM elements .
Developers , on the other hand , are used to complex APIs and constant refactoring , and are concerned with abstraction and ( hopefully ) readability .
A designer may be perfectly happy with a long jQuery chain that would cause a developer spiritual distress ; a developer may confront a simple problem with an elegant but unnecessarily complex solution that only serves to frustrate the designer .
Being primarily a developer myself , I had to realign a bit , to overcome my instinct to make things as useful as possible , instead of merely as useful as necessary .
At the same time , I felt it was important to present the basic programming mores that guide the more technically minded scripter — jQuery chains be damned .
The second thing I realized : It 's easy to learn JavaScript wrong .
The overhead of fooling around with JavaScript is incredibly low .
Everybody uses a browser every day , and as soon as you learn how to open the console , or install Firebug or Greasemonkey , you can have a visible effect on any of the hundreds of sites of whose shortcomings frequent use has made you achingly aware .
At the same time , decent entry - level JavaScript information is oddly hard to come by .
Most you find on the Web is outdated .
Few tutorials adequately address cross - browser issues .
And when you finally give up in frustration , there 's always jQuery , which is incredibly easy both to use and to misuse .
Had jQuery been around when I needed the simple solutions , I might easily have managed to avoid the dirty low - level stuff to this day .
Nothing , however , teaches you JavaScript quite so well as rolling your own cross - browser Ajax utilities , and so I studied the source code of Prototype and script.aculo.us and MochiKit , and now I 'm a far better programmer than someone starting out today might be forced to become .
Since education was , in the instant case , the desired goal , I shied away from , say , teaching to jQuery ( or even ExtJS or YUI , which are much closer in coding style to JavaScript per se ) , and guided our sessions as much as made sense towards a home - grown solution .
Since my tutee is partially responsible for a large public site that needs only moderate , self - contained effects and widgets , but also would like his code to be reusable and readable by his many colleagues , he needed a little of the approach of both the designer and the developer .
And so our ongoing project became to write a reusable , widget - focused library .
Creating a simple library turned out to be a fantastic learning exercise : it requires investigation of namespaces , presents plenty of scoping problems to overcome , and requires attention to consistency , organization and sane API design .
It 's immediately useful , so no worries about the student getting bored .
A library is infinitely extensible , but can also contain the most trivial low - level utilities .
Every library has its own style , and lets its coders be clever .
Most importantly , the creation of a library invites , and even insists upon , reiteration of what I find to be the most helpful guideline to keep in one 's head while writing code :
Assume a third party will one day attempt to extend everything you produce .
Personally , I 've found the experience quite valuable , for one crucial reason : I 'm not a designer .
The interfaces and APIs I 'd normally create would probably be most useful to somebody like me .
Watching the thought processes of somebody in the thick of it by day as they design an API they 'd like to use is enormously instructive .
Now , we 're using jQuery as the basis for this library , because even though cross - browser issues are still unfortunately relevant , let 's face it : frameworks are here , they are n't going anywhere , and they solve the problem without much effort , so it 's not a paramount concern .
Nonetheless , whenever we run into a problem , we write a solution from scratch before we use a jQuery shortcut ( for example , we wrote a scope - setting decorator function similar to jQuery .
proxy rather than just using proxy ) .
When we 've found a need to use something more complex , like class - like inheritance , we 've studied many variations and written our own , and finally settled on a style that feels like jQuery but adds substantial value ( no small feat , as the concept of class inheritance is nearly diametrically opposed to the jQuery ethos ) .
Probably nobody but my tutee 's band of designers will ever use this library .
But it 's a great propadaeutic compromise , for both of us .
I have an opportunity to share the best practices I 've managed to distill from the pored - over source of other frameworks , and I get the chance to see things from the designer 's point of view , rather than focusing on that of the implementer ( me ) or end user ( actual end user ) .
If you can find a willing subject , I 'd recommend the practice of teaching JavaScript as an excellent way to coalesce the lore into a science .
Most people are aware of Price Elasticity of Demand , even if they do n’t know the term .
The logic is simple , if you raise the price of your product I wo n’t buy your product .
This is however not the case with some special kinds of products .
I will classify these products whose consumption increase in case of price hike into three categories .
Giffen goods : Common examples are food grains and similar essential commodities .
When their prices increase it indicates severe shortage .
However for the poorer class food is the most essential product and forms the bulk of their monthly expenditure .
So , even if such goods are considered inferior in nature , they ca n’t be substituted and as long as other basic needs are being met , are purchased in even larger quantities as a security against a worse future .
These are the kinds of goods which are most important to a certain class of people even if they maybe required by all classes of people .
Veblen goods :
These are the goods where all the marketing efforts are directed .
They are mostly “ fashion ” items and can range from pens and goggles to wines and cars .
They keyword here is branding .
While in the previous example it was the poorer section of the society which contributed to increased consumption , in this case it ’s the upper middle class and richer people in the society who lead the increase in consumption .
To the richer section these add to the snob - effect and are symbolic of status , while to the upper middle class these are aspirational goods .
A higher price leads to exclusivity , while a price - cut would make the possession of these goods look less valuable .
Its apt to try and compare the consumers of these goods to be among the achievers and experiencers in the VALS framework .
There is still a third category of goods which are neither inferior nor snobbish , and there might be ample scope for argument but the hike in consumption of these goods is mainly due to the middle class .
Consider LPG as an example .
In India LPG was not freely available for a long time for domestic purpose , with the increased availability the consumption levels have gone up in the middle class irrespective of price hikes year after year .
The reason is not that LPG is price inelastic , rather the logic is , purchase it while you can .
Its common knowledge that such a fuel source wo n’t last forever , but it ’s more convenient and hygienic hence as long as it ’s affordable , the consumption keeps increasing .
Another example is bottled water , although considered price inelastic in many places , where unbottled water is potable to a considerable extent , a Kinley or Bisleri bottle at a lower price will increase suspicions about its purity and lower consumption .
The two examples here , LPG and bottled water are somewhat opposed in the sense that LPG is kind of a Giffen good for the middle class ( though its neither inferior nor short of alternatives ) , while bottled water is kind of a Veblen good for the middle class ( without the snob effect ) .
Since these do not fit exactly in either of the above two classifications , I have classified them differently .
Share this :
Tweet
WhatsApp
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
“ Revolutionary movements do not spread by contamination but by resonance , ” write the anonymous authors of “ The Coming Insurrection , ” a call to overthrow capitalism that first appeared in France in 2005 and was recently published in translation in the United States .
Writers , however , do not get to pick how and where their work resonates :
Among the first in America to be stirred by the manifesto’s explosive words was a Fox News host , Glenn Beck .
In July , Mr. Beck introduced the book to his three million or so viewers , accompanied by video of burning cars and swarming protesters .
“ Here is the one thing everyone seems to be missing .
The extreme left is actively calling for violence , ” he told his audience .
“ It calls for violent revolution .
An anonymous group from France , of all places , called the Invisible Committee , penned it .
They want to bring down capitalism and the Western way of life . ”
This month , Mr. Beck proclaimed it “ the most evil book I ’ve read in a long , long time . ”
The next day , “ The Coming Insurrection , ” whose authors call themselves the Invisible Committee , rose to No. 54 on Amazon ’s best - seller list .
In July , the book briefly reached No. 1 .
And even this weekend the book remained around No. 240 .
In recent years , sustainability has been a significant focus of those who are trying to do their part for the environment .
More and more people are reducing their plastic usage , recycling , and saying goodbye to single - use plastic bags .
Then there are those who start looking at the materials they are using , such as cotton .
How sustainable is cotton ?
Is it better to use than human - made fibres such as polyester ?
Read on to find out .
There is a significant demand for textiles in the world , and cotton is the most in - demand for many reasons .
It ’s sustainable , biodegradable , renewable , and environmentally - friendly .
What ’s more , it keeps this status throughout its lifecycle , unlike petrol - based fibres which often come from non-renewable sources .
Contrary to popular belief , cotton also does n’t require a considerable amount of pesticides to grow .
In each acre of cotton , around half a kilo of insecticides is used , and about one kilo of herbicides .
As technology improves , the volume of herbicides and insecticides may drop .
( more … )
[ / caption ]
Astronomers have long known that many surveys of distant galaxies miss 90 % of their targets , but they did n’t know why .
Now , astronomers have determined that a large fraction of galaxies whose light took 10 billion years to reach us have gone undiscovered .
This was found with an extremely deep survey using two of the four giant 8.2 - meter telescopes that make up ESO ’s Very Large Telescope ( VLT ) and a unique custom - built filter .
The survey also helped uncover some of the faintest galaxies ever found at this early stage of the Universe .
Astronomers frequently use the strong , characteristic “ fingerprint ” of light emitted by hydrogen known as the Lyman - alpha line , to probe the amount of stars formed in the very distant Universe
Yet there have long been suspicions that many distant galaxies go unnoticed in these surveys .
A new VLT survey demonstrates for the first time that this is exactly what is happening .
Most of the Lyman - alpha light is trapped within the galaxy that emits it , and 90 % of galaxies do not show up in Lyman - alpha surveys .
“ Astronomers always knew they were missing some fraction of the galaxies in Lyman - alpha surveys , ” explains Matthew Hayes , the lead author of the paper , published this week in Nature , “ but for the first time we now have a measurement .
The number of missed galaxies is substantial . ”
To figure out how much of the total luminosity was missed , Hayes and his team used the FORS camera at the VLT and a custom - built narrowband filter to measure this Lyman - alpha light , following the methodology of standard Lyman - alpha surveys .
Then , using the new HAWK - I camera , attached to another VLT Unit Telescope , they surveyed the same area of space for light emitted at a different wavelength , also by glowing hydrogen , and known as the H - alpha line .
They specifically looked at galaxies whose light has been traveling for 10 billion years ( redshift 2.2 ) , in a well - studied area of the sky , known as the GOODS - South field .
“ This is the first time we have observed a patch of the sky so deeply in light coming from hydrogen at these two very specific wavelengths , and this proved crucial , ” said team member Goran Ostlin .
The survey was extremely deep , and uncovered some of the faintest galaxies known at this early epoch in the life of the Universe .
The astronomers could thereby conclude that traditional surveys done using Lyman - alpha only see a tiny part of the total light that is produced , since most of the Lyman - alpha photons are destroyed by interaction with the interstellar clouds of gas and dust .
This effect is dramatically more significant for Lyman - alpha than for H - alpha light .
As a result , many galaxies , a proportion as high as 90 % , go unseen by these surveys .
“ If there are ten galaxies seen , there could be a hundred there , ” Hayes said .
Different observational methods , targeting the light emitted at different wavelengths , will always lead to a view of the Universe that is only partially complete .
The results of this survey issue a stark warning for cosmologists , as the strong Lyman - alpha signature becomes increasingly relied upon in examining the very first galaxies to form in the history of the Universe .
“ Now that we know how much light we ’ve been missing , we can start to create far more accurate representations of the cosmos , understanding better how quickly stars have formed at different times in the life of the Universe , ” said co-author Miguel Mas -Hesse .
The breakthrough was made possible thanks to the unique camera used .
HAWK -I , which saw first light in 2007 , is a state - of - the - art instrument .
“ There are only a few other cameras with a wider field of view than HAWK - I , and they are on telescopes less than half the size of the VLT .
So only VLT / HAWK - I , really , is capable of efficiently finding galaxies this faint at these distances , ” said team member Daniel Schaerer .
Read the team ’s paper .
Source : ESO
Far from the intended purpose of severely punishing criminals who commit unspeakable acts against a persecuted minority group , the religious activists claim the laws are a guarded effort to " eradicate " their beliefs .
Filed by the Thomas More Law Center -- which bills itself as the religious answer to the American Civil Liberties Union -- the complaint claims that protecting gay , lesbian , bisexual and transgendered people " is an effort to eradicate religious beliefs opposing the homosexual agenda from the marketplace of ideas by demonizing , vilifying , and criminalizing such beliefs as a matter of federal law and policy .
" The suit was placed on behalf of American Family Association of Michigan president Gary Glenn , along with pastors Rene Ouellette , Levon Yuille and James Combs .
Claiming " there is no need " to extend hate crimes definitions , Thomas More chief counsel Richard Thompson attempted to minimize the impact of violent crimes against homosexuals .
Story continues below ...
" Of the 1.38 million violent crimes reported in the U.S. by the FBI in 2008 , only 243 were considered as motivated by the victim ’s sexual orientation , " he wrote on the group 's Web site .
" The sole purpose of this law is to criminalize the Bible and use the threat of federal prosecutions and long jail sentences to silence Christians from expressing their Biblically - based religious belief that homosexual conduct is a sin .
" However , the Matthew Shepard and James Byrd , Jr. Hate Crimes Prevention
Act clearly stipulates that it does not apply to constitutionally protected speech .
(3) CONSTITUTIONAL PROTECTIONS -
Nothing in this
Act shall be construed to prohibit any constitutionally protected speech , expressive conduct or activities ( regardless of whether compelled by , or central to , a system of religious belief ) , including the exercise of religion protected by the First Amendment and peaceful picketing or demonstration .
The Constitution does not protect speech , conduct or activities consisting of planning for , conspiring to commit , or committing an act of violence .
(4) FREE EXPRESSION -
Nothing in this
Act shall be construed to allow prosecution based solely upon an individual ’s expression of racial , religious , political , or other beliefs or solely upon an individual ’s membership in a group advocating or espousing such beliefs .
The Thomas More Law Center 's argument is eerily similar to a fundraising letter circulated by the Family Research Council at the end of 2009 , in which the conservative group claimed that extending workplace non-discrimination rules is really Obama 's secret plot to " impose " homosexuality on America .
However , according to the Leadership Conference on Civil Rights , " [ the non-discrimination rule ] exempts all religious organizations , which includes corporations , associations , and religious societies .
In addition , all educational institutions are exempt if the educational institution is at least substantially controlled or owned by a religious organization or if the institution 's curriculum is directed towards the propagation of a religion .
" The Thomas More suit , however , goes even further than just challenging hate crimes protection for LGBT people ; it challenges the findings of the Matthew Shepard investigation .
" Thomas
More attorneys make the case that the perpetrators of the murder of Matthew Shepard were subject to more several criminal penalties under existing state criminal law than under the new federal Hate Crimes Act , " religious news outlet Christian Post notes .
" They also say there is evidence demonstrating that the senseless and brutal attack on Shepard was not motivated by hate or bias ; rather , it was motivated by money and drugs .
" Matthew Shepard was a 21 - year - old gay man from Wyoming who was tied to a fence and beaten to death in 1998 .
A foundation carrying his name played an important role in helping to broaden hate crimes definitions to cover LGBT people .
The Post 's story , which does not point out that the actual law carries protections for constitutional speech , claims that plaintiffs are merely seeking " judicial reassurance " that they can continue to disparage homosexuals " without being investigated or prosecuted by the government .
" Writer Timothy Kincaid , blogging for the Box Turtle Bulletin , could hardly contain his sarcasm . " [ Because ] the law has no effect on their rights to belief or expression of belief , the only logical conclusion is that these four Christians wish to plan for , conspire to commit , or commit an act of violence , " he opined .
" Or , perhaps , this is just another example of folks who think that because ' homosexual acts , according to Scripture , are acts of grave depravity that are intrinsically disordered and are contrary to the natural law ' then their religion trumps civil law .
" President Obama signed the Matthew Shepard and James Byrd , Jr. Hate Crimes Prevention Act in 2009 .
The Thomas More lawsuit , filed in a U.S. district court in Michigan , names Attorney General Eric Holder as a defendant .
Wars come and go , cities are destroyed and rebuilt , monuments are erected , and life goes on .
This is the traditional view of war , but right now the world is engaged in the latest battle of a “ climate war ” that has been going on since the 1970s when the Club of Rome concluded in a report titled , “ The real enemy then , is humanity itself ” , that the world ’s population had to be reduced .
Whereas wars in the modern era have killed millions and communism as practiced in the former Soviet Union and the early decades of Red China under Chairman Mao killed millions more on a scale with which war could not compete , the advocates of population reduction rival the worst despots to have ever walked among us .
With the revelations from leaked emails between the conspirators who kept the global warming fraud going for many years , the so - called “ climate scientists ” who , in fact , had created phony computer models and engaged in endless studies to “ prove ” that global warming posed a threat to mankind , the term “ Climategate ” was coined to describe their collusion .
Billions are at stake so far as the “ climate scientists ” are concerned
Billions are at stake so far as the “ climate scientists ” are concerned .
They have received millions for their research in the United States and in England .
Presumably other nations , too , have provided such grants and the result of the research must always be a continuation of the “ global warming ” fraud .
Beyond the scientists are those who profit from the sale of “ carbon credits ” to permit “ greenhouse gas emissions ” , and the millions that environmental organizations such as Friends of the Earth , the Sierra Club , and others rake in .
It is no surprise , then , that those who have been victimized by the fraud will see a coordinated campaign of opinion editorials in newspapers , advertisements , and other means to keep the “ global warming ” fraud intact .
These efforts have been renamed “ climate change ” , but therein lies the utter mendacity of the campaign because the Earth has always passed through cycles of climate change and always will .
On February 15th , the Boston Globe published an opinion editorial by Kerry Emanuel , the director of the Program in Atmosphere , Oceans , and Climate at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology .
It was filled with the usual “ global warming ” themes ; the repetition of the lie that carbon dioxide and other minor atmospheric gases are causing a huge shift that is warming the Earth .
Smoothly , the inaccuracies of climate computer models are dismissed as “ uncertainties ” resulting in “ divergent predictions . ”
The finest weather - related computer models available are unable to account for the action of clouds , an essential element in weather everywhere , nor can they include the unknown effects of countless undersea volcanoes in the world ’s oceans that are another contributing factor .
At best , if your local weatherman can accurately predict what will occur in the next two to four days , he ’s doing fine .
Predicting what the climate — not the weather — will be decades and even centuries from now is pure fiction .
It is the claim that is central to “ global warming ” and / or “ climate change . ”
In a rebuttal to Emanuel ’s opinion editorial , Bill Gray , Professor Emeritus , Colorado State University , noted that “ A high percentage of meteorologists and / or climate scientists do not agree that the climate changes we have seen are mostly man-made .
Thousands of us think that the larger part of the climate changes we have observed over the last century are of natural origin . ”
He added , “ Over 31,000 American scientists have recently signed a petition advising the U.S. not to sign any fossil fuel reduction treaty . ”
Myron Ebell , director of the Competitive Enterprise Institute , has just released a statement based on the release of still more emails between desperate “ climate scientists ” whose careers depend on the “ global warming ” fraud .
“ According to recently disclosed e-mails from a National Academies of Science listserv , prominent climate scientists affiliated with the U.S. National Academies of Science , have been planning a public campaign to paper over the damaged reputation of global warming alarmism . ”
The emails explored the ways the public could be distracted from the revelations of Climategate and enticed back to believing that “ global warming ” is based in real science and occurring .
Among the suggestions were “ Op eds in the NY Times and other national newspapers would also be great . ”
Referring to this as a climate war is no exaggeration .
One email said , “ Most of our colleagues do n’t seem to grasp that we ’re not in a gentlepersons ’ debate , we ’re in a street fight against well - funded , merciless enemies who play by entirely different rules . ”
One of those rules most certainly is to tell the truth !
What the public has never grasped is that this is not a science - based war .
It is entirely political in nature and the Green ’s enemy has been the resource industries , oil , natural gas , and coal , that provide the means by which energy is generated for industrial use and for societies that depend on electricity to function .
The subtext of the war is the deliberate destruction of human life on the planet on a mass scale .
That explains why it is especially troubling that President Obama continues to refer to global warming as real , and advocates “ cap - and - trade ” legislation , the largest tax on energy use in the history of mankind .
It is the reason he continues to divert millions to “ clean energy ” and “ green jobs ” , neither of which have ever proven to equal traditional energy sources or provide sufficient employment to merit support .
Climate wars shift into a new phase , one intended to obfuscate and confuse the public again
So now the climate wars shift into a new phase , one intended to obfuscate and confuse the public again in the quest to foist the greatest fraud and attack on mankind in human history .
Editor ’s Note : For further insight , read Dr. Tim Ball ’s commentary :
To learn why the world ’s glaciers are not melting and the seas are not rising , click here :
© Alan Caruba , 2010
I deserve more than being a prisoner in your backyard .
Please give me some freedom !
Guard Dog , from Mutts comic strip .
Used with permission .
Read a Chained Dog 's Story and the inspiring stories of Gus and Cuddles , who were rescued from chains .
The people who work on the space shuttle do n’t fly on the orbiters they maintain -- but it appears at least one of them may have been getting high .
A shuttle worker employed by United Space Alliance found a plastic bag with a white powder residue -- later confirmed to be cocaine -- in a shuttle processing hangar at Kennedy Space Center last week .
The worker gave it to NASA security , and about 200 workers were given drug tests .
There was no indication that any of the workers were impaired , NASA said .
Space center spokeswoman Lisa Malone said the substance was found on the floor outside two bathrooms and a janitor ’s closet , in an area where workers have to swipe their identification cards , so NASA knows who was in Orbital Processing Facility 3 .
Drug - sniffing dogs , which were immediately called in to check out the employees , found nothing , NASA spokesman Allard Beutel said .
Beutel said that if the drug can be tied to anyone , the employee will be handed over to federal prosecutors .
“ We do not tolerate the use of illegal substances for people who work on the orbiter , ” Bob Cabana , director of the Kennedy Space Center , told reporters .
The shuttle Discovery is being prepared there for a March launch to the International Space Station .
In addition to the drug tests , NASA engineers are double - checking the work on the orbiter .
Malone said the amount discovered in the plastic bag was small .
“ I understand it was residue , ” she said .
Beutel said that shuttle workers are trained to report anybody during a shift who seems impaired for any reason -- whether they are under the influence of drugs or alcohol or just too tired .
“ Workers know that there is no margin for error in what they do , ” he said .
He said if a suspect or suspects are identified , it is possible to trace an individual ’s work to make sure it was done properly .
“ Work can be traced for any reason .
It ’s pretty standard , ” Beutel said .
“ We will be able to discover before Discovery ’s March mission if there were any irregularities . ”
rblock@orlandosentinel.com
Bueno Aires 's Librería El Ateneo Grand Splendid used to be a beautiful movie palace .
Saved from the wrecker 's ball , it is now one of the most majestic bookstores I 've ever clapped eyes upon , a veritable temple to books .
Marilyn sez , " El Ateneo Grand Splendid in downtown Buenos Aires is a spectacular bookstore that retains all the glamour of its former life as a 1920s movie palace , with a original balconies , painted ceiling , ornate carvings and crimson stage curtains .
Photo by Bob Krist for National Geographic Traveler .
The Guardian named El Ateneo as one of the top ten bookshops in the world ( along with Secret Headquarters ) : ' Where else can you sit in a theater box and leisurely read a volume of Neruda , or sip a cortado where Carlos Gardel once performed ? ' "
Librería El Ateneo Grand Splendid
( Thanks , Marilyn ! )
Cinnamon buns for dinner ?
Why not ?
While it may not be innovative enough to start a trend , it ’s delicious enough to satisfy those who love ‘ em .
I ’ve never considered myself a baker .
While I love to cook , baking was always a little too precise for me .
My creative process is very chaotic , and the baking process is anything but that .
Sweet Potato Cinnamon Buns with Honey , Agave Nectar and Maple Syrup
Buns
4 oz . of sweet potato mashed
1 cup buttermilk
2 tbsp. canola oil
2 tbsp . sugar
1 package dry yeast
3 1/4 cups flour
Pinch of salt
1 tsp. ground ginger
1 tbsp . vanilla
Filling
3/4 cup brown sugar
1 tbsp . cinnamon
1/4 cup melted butter
Topping
1/4 cup honey
1/4 cup real maple syrup
1/4 cup agave nectar
1 cup nuts , walnuts or pecans
1 cup raisins
1/2 cup melted butter
A good friend of mine , who is a minister , bakes challah bread while she muses about her sermon .
I found that to be very inspiring , while planting a seed in my head .
Recently , I ’ve been looking for a new set of challenges in the kitchen , and the time was right to start baking .
I thought about the spiritual quality of what my friend does while making challah , and I sought to find something similar for myself .
What I found is , hand kneading the dough gives me the same intangible connection to the energy of life that I get from working the soil in a garden .
It ’s beautiful .
And , I ’m leaving that mystery be without over thinking it , or over processing it until it becomes the equivalent of Velveeta .
When I was a kid , I use to make cinnamon buns a lot .
My dad loved them especially , and my mom was always happy to help , and encourage me to create in the kitchen .
I have to be honest , I forgot how great the freshly baked buns could be .
With the recipe that follows , they ’re even better because how light these buns are , and without the sugar shock that comes with some cinnamon buns .
If you decide to have these for dinner , who could blame you ?
After all it ’s your experience that matters the most .
Ever since the days of the original Game Boy Nintendo and Game Freak have been giving us Pokémon games in a variety of different colors , metals , and precious stones .
The latest one to hit the shelves is Pokémon Heart Gold / Soul Silver which if you have n’t already guessed , is a remake of Pokémon Gold and Silver for the Game Boy Color .
HG / SS have been given graphical upgrades and an updated Pokédex to include all of the monsters from Ruby , Sapphire , Diamond , and Pearl , but when it comes down to it , it is the same game play you ’ve been seeing since Red and Blue debuted on the Game Boy .
For those who have never played a Pokémon game , they are turn based RPG ’s where you capture animals and monsters to do your bidding .
Throughout the game you pit them against other trainers ’ monsters in battle .
There are items , leveling , element strengths and weaknesses and everything else you would find in a traditional Japanese RPG .
The games definitely look like they are geared towards a younger audience , but once you get past the surface layer there is a lot to learn .
The story in HG / SS is pretty straightforward .
Like the other handheld Pokémon games , the goal is to be the very best , like no one ever was .
To do that you need to travel through many different cities in a large region called Johto to reach the Elite Four , the best trainers in the region .
Throughout your journey you will capture a variety of different Pokémon , take on powerful gym leaders for their badges , and do battle with the nefarious Team Rocket .
There is some stuff on the side you can do for random items , but most of the game is spent going through the main story .
As I and probably everyone else expected , HG / SS got a complete graphical overhaul from the Game Boy Color version .
The graphics are not a technical achievement by today ’s standards , but the world is colorful and it looks good for a mostly 2 - D game .
There are new sprites for the Pokémon and every area in the game is unique .
Also , whichever Pokémon is first in your party follows you around when you walk .
Some of those sprites look good , but others look weird and disfigured .
If you have played a Pokémon game in the past you will recognize most of the music .
The soundtrack is generally upbeat and it always fits whatever situation you are in .
There is cheery music in cities , dreary music in caves , and some intense battle themes .
While the music is good , the sound effects leave something to be desired .
Ever since Red and Blue on the Game Boy , the Pokémon have been making random screeches or growls when they enter battle .
Over 10 years later the sounds are still the same .
It would be nice if they would update the sound effects to make them sound more animal - like and less like a 56 k modem trying to connect to the Internet .
The game play in HG / SS remains largely unchanged from its predecessors .
Throughout the game you catch Pokémon by weakening them and throwing pokéballs at them , and use them to do battle with other trainers ’
Pokémon .
As you battle your Pokémon gain levels , learn new moves and evolve into more powerful monsters .
It is simple on the surface , but things start to get a little more complicated when you take the strengths and weaknesses of each type and how the Pokémon ’s mood affects its stats into account .
This is a tried and true method and even after years of the same style of game play it is still fun to battle and find new strategies to take your opponents down whether they are NPC ’s or your friends .
One thing I liked most about HG / SS is the menu system .
The touch screen controls all of the menu options , but you can also use the D - Pad and the buttons .
In my opinion , this is what the touch screen should be used for .
The touch screen menu is quick and easy to navigate and it makes the game more fluid because you do n’t have to stop and open the menu every time you want to save or switch Pokémon .
You just look down and all of your options are right there .
Near the beginning of the game you are given an item called the Poké Gear .
It ’s basically a cell phone that stores your map phone numbers from some of the trainers you fight during your journey .
I figured this was used strictly for rematch purposes , so I gave my phone number to everyone who asked for it .
Little did I know that you can only challenge certain people to rematches on certain days and the rest of the time they ’re just calling you to talk about random nonsense .
It adds a little bit of depth to the game , but I ’m starting to get tired of Youngster Joey calling me every 15 minutes to tell me about his top percentage Rattata .
Arguably the best thing about this game and one of the main reasons I bought it is after you beat the Elite Four in Johto you can travel to the Kanto region from Red and Blue .
You can catch new Pokémon and more importantly , battle the 8 gym leaders and Red , the character you play as in Red and Blue .
This adds immense replay value to the game and after you beat all of the gyms you can challenge each gym leader to a rematch and they will have a completely new party for you to fight .
Even though HG / SS is mostly the same style of game as its predecessors you can’t really expect much more considering it is a remake .
This particular remake does just about everything right and breathes new life into Gold and Silver as well as Diamond and Pearl since you can transfer your Pokémon between those games as well .
If you want to do everything this game has to offer you will be at it for a while .
Overall , HG / SS are great additions to the series and will please Pokémon fans and RPG fans as well .
MONTREAL —
W ith no conclusive end in sight to the polling deadlock between the two main federal parties , more Conservative attention is being paid to the glass ceiling that has been keeping the party out of majority territory since the 2006 election .
While Stephen Harper is certain to remain unchallenged until after the next campaign , issues like the future leadership of the party and / or potentially crippling policy directions are surfacing within Conservative circles .
At least in veiled terms , such matters are increasingly being raised in public .
Over the past week , Maxime Bernier – by far the most declared of the undeclared aspirants to the prime minister 's succession – and Harper 's former boss Preston Manning both waded in the glass - ceiling debate , dispensing ultimately contrary prescriptions .
Bernier 's remarks focused on Quebec , a major sore point for the Conservatives since the 2008 campaign .
Over the past two years , the party has usually been closer to the fourth - place NDP than to the second - place Liberals in Quebec polls , often lagging more than 20 points behind the leading Bloc Québécois .
A Tory by - election win in rural Quebec last fall turned out to be an isolated event .
As Bernier was dispensing Quebec advice to fellow conservatives last weekend , a Léger Marketing poll was finding serious cracks in Conservative support in the party 's Quebec City stronghold for the first time since 2006 .
In his speech , Bernier came as close as a Conservative MP can these days to suggest the party would do better under a more Quebec - savvy leader .
His general thrust was that poor marketing rather than party policy had been holding the party back in Quebec .
But Bernier had rather thin gruel to support his contention there is a rich Conservative vein just waiting to be tapped properly in Quebec .
He may win big majorities in his riding of Beauce but outside the ever - shrinking ranks of the provincial ADQ , Bernier is mostly seen as one of the more visible weak links of a mediocre Quebec lineup .
Coming out as a climate - change skeptic in the media last month has done little to dispel that perception .
It also put Bernier at odds with Manning 's prescriptions .
Based on a Harris Decima poll conducted for his Centre for Building Democracy , Manning reports that the " blueing " of the political centre is well underway in Canada .
By that he means that core conservative values – including a preference for a small , unobtrusive federal government – are increasingly those of the mainstream .
But the poll also found the environment is a major area where the bulk of the electorate decisively parts ways with the current Conservative movement .
Indeed , a case can be made that a persistent Conservative blind spot to the environment has done more to lead the party to a minority dead - end in Quebec and elsewhere than clumsy marketing .
According to Manning , green conservatism could be the missing piece in the Conservative majority puzzle .
If he is right , fitting that piece in the current Conservative layout is easier said than done .
Bernier has cast his leadership lot with the climate - change skeptics .
And on Jim Prentice 's watch as environment minister , the perception that the Conservatives are suspicious rather than sympathetic to the greening of Canada has been entrenched , not dissipated .
In fact , based on Manning 's analysis , the day Harper 's succession does open up , Prentice will be as hard - pressed as Bernier to demonstrate how he would chip away at a glass ceiling he is having a hand at consolidating .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Chantal Hébert is a national affairs writer .
Her column appears Monday , Wednesday and Friday .
Read more about :
Tom Hauck / Getty Images
MLS Handicapping – Betting Preview
Major League Soccer will begin its 15th season on time after the league and its players ' union agreed to a new five - year Collective Bargaining Agreement on Saturday .
It all starts tonight when the Seattle Sounders take on the expansion team Philadelphia Union at 9:30 EST .
Here are my 2010 team previews , odds , and picks to make all your MLS soccer wagers winners .
Real Salt Lake
The reigning champions barely made the playoffs last season , but once they were in there , no one could stop them — not even Donovan and Beckham .
Head coach Jason Kreis has put together some solid veterans and youngsters to finally have a strong team in place .
With players like defensive midfielder Kyle Beckerman , the lighting fast Findley , and goalkeeper Rimando , I actually like Real Salt Lake to have a very good year , with the odds at 10:1 .
LA Galaxy
Head coach Bruce Arena will have to get the rest of his side into brilliant form if they want to make another run at the MLS Cup this season .
With no Beckham all season and Landon Donovan missing a lot of time because of the World Cup , it could be really tough for LA to get back to the Final .
They do have several good players beyond Donovan and Beckham , including a keeper in Donovan Ricketts , Berhalter , Mathis and up - and - comers Edson Buddle and Omar Gonzalez .
They will also need their defense to remain stingy like they did last season .
They would be my favorites but without Becks and LD , I ’m putting their odds of winning the Cup at 13:1 .
Seattle Sounders
Fans had plenty to cheer for last season and thanked the team , helping the Sounders break the MLS attendance record for a single season , selling out every home game in 2009 .
The franchise became a real contender for the MLS Cup in the club ’s debut season under the guidance of one of the best coaches in the league , head coach Sigi Schmid .
The Sounders are led by Swedish star Freddie Ljungberg , as well as the league ’s best young talents , Steve Zakuani .
With Kasey Keller between the pipes I put their chances at 14:1 .
Toronto FC
The Reds look poised and ready to make a push into the postseason with new head coach Predrag “ Preki ” Radosavljević at the helm .
It all begins and ends for Toronto with leader Dwayne De Rosario .
He played well last season , and now that he has had a little time to work with these guys , I expect he does well in 2010 .
Others players to note are Chad Barrett , and Marvell Wynne .
I like Toronto ’s chances and put them at 6:1 .
San Jose Earthquakes
San Jose had a miserable 2009 season and has n’t done much in the offseason to improve their chances of being a real threat this year .
However , I do predict them to finish in the top 10 .
They have a few players that can play like Alvarez and Convey and I think they could see success with Cornell Glen and Eduardo up top .
The sore spot is their awful defense .
The Quakes gave up 50 goals last season , the most in MLS .
I put the odds of them hoisting hardware at 40:1 .
New York Red Bulls
After reaching the MLS Cup final in 2008 the Red Bulls spiraled downward with an awful showing last season .
With a new stadium and a new attitude , will there be new hope for New York soccer fans ?
Probably not , this club is in desperate need of rebuilding .
The team is still very shallow and completely over reliant on a few selfish star players including Juan Pablo Angel .
Players to watch are Seth Stammler and Jamaican - born Dane Richards .
Still , I think they do n’t have any real chance of winning the Cup in 2010 .
I ’ll put their odds at 50:1 .
Philadelphia Union : The Side
The Union will make their MLS debut this season and like all expansion clubs , will hope to hang tough with the league ’s more seasoned sides .
They have blended a good mix of experienced players and youngsters , putting together some basic building blocks .
Players that can help ease the freshman woes will be keeper Chris Seitz , Sebastien Le Toux , and Jordan Harvey .
The team lacks a bona fide striker up top ; for that reason I do n’t think they will be raising any hardware this season .
I will put their odds at 50:1 .
New England Revolution
Head coach Stevie Nicol continues to win games with young , raw players after being hit with a roster of injury - plagued players .
Well , those players like Darrius Barnes and Sainey Nyassi are getting older and better .
Throw in Sharlie Joseph , one of the league ’s best defensive midfielders and I will put their chances of winning the MLS Cup , at 20:1 .
Kansas City Wizards
KC is a team that looks good on paper , but it ’s not translating to the pitch .
They will be without goalkeeper Kevin Hartman and I think that will hurt their numbers .
Fan favorite Jimmy Conrad is still there , but he is past his prime and has been prone to both injuries and errors .
Lopez , Wolff and Kamara are strong strikers and will need to score early and often if KC is to stay at the top of the table .
All signs point towards 2010 being another mediocre season .
I will put their odds at 50:1 .
Houston Dynamo
The Dynamo finished strong in 2009 despite losing offensive leader Dwayne De Rosario .
Now they will have to deal with the loss two U.S. stars to overseas teams : Ricky Clark and Stu Holden .
I do n’t think they have too much to worry about since they still have assembled a great core of players and have boasted the stingiest defense in the league over the last four years , and maybe in the history of the league .
Behind head coach Dominic Kinnear , I think the Dynamo have a 12:1 chance of hoisting the MLS Cup .
DC United
New head coach Curt Onalfo does n’t have any more talent in DC than he had in KC and will have to make due with a very young roster with the exception of veterans Jaime Moreno and Bryan Namoff .
Onalfo has a team with limited chemistry , and will need to start adding some nice depth if he wants to win it all .
I put the odds of them winning the Cup at 16:1 .
FC Dallas
Dallas made a valiant run at the playoffs last year on the efforts of forward Jeff Cunningham but came up short .
Head coach Schellas Hyndman is still at the helm and his hopes all hinge on the play of Cunningham .
Captain Dario Sala will return in net , and he certainly has a ton of experience .
This team also has some exciting young stars , but I do n’t think they have the depth to hoist any hardware in 2010 .
I will put their odds of winning at 25:1 .
Columbus Crew
The Crew is one of the most winning teams in MLS history , and definitely the most winning over the last two years .
They have tremendous , leadership with players like Guillermo Barros Schelotto — probably still the league ’s premier player despite his age .
On defense , Chad Marshall and Frankie Hejduk are two of the league ’s shinning stars , along with some of the best young talent in the league with Robbie Rogers and Emmanuel Ekpo .
They are due , so I put the odds of them winning at 13:1 .
Colorado Rapids
The Rapids have made it to one MLS Cup Final and one U.S. Open Cup Final , but lost both .
Will 2010 be their year ?
If so it will all begin with Pablo Mastroeni .
He ’s still one of the best in the league when it comes to crushing opponent ’s hopes of scoring .
Along with Drew Moor and Nick LaBrocca on defense and Cummings & Casey on top , I will put their odds in 2010 at 50:1 .
Chivas USA
The Goats had a decent 2009 , but they lost Preki , so 2010 is n’t exactly looking like the year they will finally have a break through ; it wo n’t be for lack of talent .
Chivas have several players that could keep them in the hunt for a Cup win .
First is playmaker Sacha Kljestan along with Zach Thornton in goal .
They have a ton of players with experience including Jazic and Razov Antes , Claudio Suarez , and Sasha Victorine .
Their defense suffered a lot of injuries last year , but that did n’t seem to hurt them as much as not being able to find the back of the oppositions net .
I just do n’t think things will get any easier for them .
I put their odds at 32:1 .
Chicago Fire : The Side
The Fire has a great squad this season , maybe the best in the league .
They will be led by veteran Brian McBride , along with Marco Pappa , Justin Mapp , and Logan Pause — all who play some excellent football .
Keeper Jon Busch was very good between the pipes in 2009 and will be back again in 2010 .
They boast a very stingy defense and several rising stars such as Patrick Nyarko .
This is a team that has the all the pieces to bring home a championship .
I will put the odds at 4:1 .
There you have it , this year ’s MLS rundown .
Watch for more of my soccer betting odds , predictions and tips here at Capperpicks.com .
CHECK OUT MORE SOCCER ARTICLES TODAY CLICK HERE !
Ed's Super Fix It
Uploaded 02/23/2010
For all your computer repair needs
THE ACTUAL SOFT-ON - TERROR WHITE HOUSE ….
In some circles , a simple , four - word phrase ends all debate : “ Do what Reagan did . ”
It ’s a maxim that tends to be far more effective with conservative activists who do n’t really know as much about the Reagan administration as they think they do — folks , for example , who do n’t realize that Reagan raised taxes in almost every year of his presidency — but which nevertheless holds sway with most Republicans .
It ’s especially interesting , then , to consider Reagan ’s approach to terrorism .
Scott Horton noted that Reagan signed the Convention Against Torture , and his Justice Department indicted and prosecuted a Texas sheriff for waterboarding .
Horton asked Will Bunch , author of “ Tear Down This Myth , ” about reconciling Reagan ’s inerrant record with the current GOP line .
( via Paul Campos )
It ’s important not to nominate Reagan for sainthood in the arena of human rights .
His “ Reagan Doctrine ” in Central America , leaving the fight to anti-Communist thugs and death squads that the then - president called “ the moral equivalent of our Founding Fathers , ” is arguably the gravest moral failing of his tenure .
That said , back on U.S. soil , Reagan was far to the left of the 2010 Republican Party on issues such as torture .
The convention that he signed in 1988 holds that there is no circumstance of any kind that permits torture , which certainly would include the 9/11 aftermath and related anti-terror efforts today .
But it goes even deeper than that .
As I noted in an early 2010 blog post : “ Reagan would not have approved of drone - fired missile attacks aimed at killing terrorists ; as president , he several times rejected anti-terrorism operations for the sole reason that civilians would have been killed by collateral damage .
In 1985 , he surprised aides such as Pat Buchanan by ruling out a military response to a Beirut hijacking for fear of civilian casualties ; Lou Cannon reported then in the Washington Post that Reagan called retaliation in which innocent civilians are killed “ itself a terrorist act . ”
And the idea of trying terrorists in military tribunals as opposed to a civilian court of law ?
The Reagan administration was completely against that .
Paul Bremer ( yes , that Paul Bremer ) said in 1987 , “ a major element of our strategy has been to delegitimize terrorists , to get society to see them for what they are — criminals — and to use democracy ’s most potent tool , the rule of law , against them . ”
Try to imagine the reaction if President Obama repeated Reagan ’s position now .
Just so we ’re clear , by the standards of Republicans in 2010 , George W. Bush was weak on terrorism , and Ronald Reagan ’s perspective was about as liberal as that of the House Democrats ’ Progressive Caucus .
I suspect the response from the Cheney contingent is that Reagan ’s approach seems like that of a radical leftist now , but that ’s only because he was president before 9/11 .
Perhaps .
But let ’s not forget that Reagan withdrew from Beirut in 1983 — a decision Dick Cheney later mocked and blamed for emboldening terrorists .
Republicans just keep moving further and further to the right , so much so that even Ronaldus Magnus looks pretty liberal by comparison .
China will soon have an outpost in space .
The government has announced that its first unmanned space module , the Tiangong - 1 ( or " The Heavenly Palace " ) , will be launched next year .
The module will serve as a docking station for other spacecraft before being transformed into a permanent taikonaut residence and space lab within two years of the launch
[ Nature blog ]
.
It was originally due to launch this year , but now will see flight only late in 2011 , due to technical reasons , Chinese officials said .
The Tiangong - 1 is expected to be 30 feet long and capable of housing three taikonauts ; future missions will add other modules to construct a larger Chinese space station .
The Tiangong - 1 design , unveiled in a nationally televised broadcast on last year 's Chinese New Year ,
includes a large module with docking system making up the forward half of the vehicle and a service module section with solar arrays and propellant tanks making up the aft [ SPACE.com ] .
The Tiangong - 1 is expected to dock the unmanned Shenzhou 8 spacecraft first to test the robotic docking systems before hosting the manned Shenzhou 9 and 10 spacecraft , which are both expected to carry two or three taikonauts into space .
China 's other space plans include
launching a second lunar probe in October in preparation for an unmanned moon landing by the end of 2012 .
A possible manned lunar mission has also been proposed — with a target date of 2017 — putting China in the forefront of a tightening Asian space race involving India , Japan and South Korea [ Associated Press ] .
China has insisted that its space programs are for peaceful purposes only .
However ,
the head of the Chinese Air Force , Gen. Xu Qiliang , appeared to have gone off - message when he said in November that international “ military competition has shifted towards space ” [ The New York Times ]
. Related Content : DISCOVER : # 13 : China Takes Its First Space Walk DISCOVER : China 's Long March to Space DISCOVER : One Giant Step for a Small , Crowded Country 80 beats : A Smashing Finale : China ’s Lunar Probe Crashes Into the Moon 80 beats : After a Successful Spacewalk , Chinese Astronauts Return HomeImage : CNSA
DETROIT --
While making an observation about Henrik Zetterberg ’s recent play , Detroit Red Wings coach Mike Babcock posed a question before Monday ’s game .
“ Z’s played way better here of late , does way more battling , skating way better , ’’ Babcock said .
“ So is that due to ( new linemate Valtteri Filppula ) , or is that just the determination of Z ? ’’
Probably a little of both .
And when Sidney Crosby is tossed into the mix , Zetterberg ’s determination and intensity are raised to an even higher level .
The same can be said about Crosby ’s blood pressure .
Zetterberg , flashing his playoff MVP form of 2008 , scored two goals and added an assist , all the while blanketing and frustrating Crosby , as the Red Wings defeated the Pittsburgh Penguins 3 - 1 at Joe Louis Arena in a clash between the Stanley Cup finalists in each of the past two seasons .
“ Always when you play against a good player , it ’s fun , because it ’s not just defense , you play a lot of offense , too , ’’ Zetterberg said .
“ It ’s a good battle , and I think we both enjoy it . ’’
Crosby did n’t seem to have fun , especially near the final buzzer .
He cross-checked and slashed Zetterberg several times in front of the Detroit net , leading to a melee .
Todd Bertuzzi and then goaltender Jimmy Howard rushed in and roughed it up with Crosby .
“ We were battling and then after the whistle , Howie came and rescued me , ’’ Zetterberg said .
Game Highlights
Said Howard of Crosby : “ He does that stuff all the time .
Somehow he gets away with it . ’’
Zetterberg ’s line has been dominant the past two games .
Filppula had a goal and an assist and Bertuzzi contributed a pair of assists .
Nicklas Lidstrom also had two assists .
The Red Wings had good jump after traveling back from the West Coast on Sunday .
They played with only 10 forwards for the second consecutive game with Dan Cleary ( pulled groin ) and Patrick Eaves ( sore neck , back ) out .
The short bench did n’t matter , as Detroit improved to 9 - 2 - 1 in its past 12 games and moved four points ahead of Calgary for the final playoff spot in the Western Conference .
Crosby , who was booed every time he touched the puck and serenaded with chants of “ Crosby sucks ! , ’’ was held without a point , in large part because of Zetterberg .
“ We ’re doing a great job as a five - man unit , ’’ Zetterberg said .
“ We have to minimize his ice , be on him all the time .
He ’s a good player when he has the puck .
The more you play against him , the more you get used to playing against him . ’’
Crosby praised Zetterberg ’s defense .
Sort of .
“ There are lots of guys who play tough .
There are a lot of guys who do n’t have ( Brian ) Rafalski and Lidstrom on the back end , either , ’’ Crosby said .
“ He competes hard .
We both do .
“ We have pride in our games .
When there ’s any of those rivalry games , it ’s pretty natural for guys to be competitive and even raise their game . ’’
The Penguins played without Evgeni Malkin , last season ’s Conn Smythe Trophy winner as playoff MVP , because of a foot injury .
Holding a precarious 2 - 1 lead , Zetterberg delivered a huge goal just 1:20 into the third period off a harmless - looking rush , firing a wrist shot from the slot past Marc - Andre Fleury .
Filppula scored the only goal in the first period , firing a wrist shot through Sergei Gonchar ’s skates and beating Fleury on the blocker side with 56 seconds remaining .
Zetterberg made it 2 - 0 at 7:38 of the second period .
He took a pass in the corner from Lidstrom , cut in front of the net and flipped in the rebound of his own shot while Bertuzzi was in Fleury ’s face .
“ He ’s playing aggressive , he ’s getting in there and taking over the play right now , ’’ Bertuzzi said .
“ He ’s carrying the puck , he ’s got his room , he ’s skating well .
When you got him and Pavel ( Datsyuk ) , a one - two punch going that fast and that good , it ’s unbeatable . ’’
Pascal Dupuis cut the lead to 2 - 1 at 16:54 .
But that ’s all the Penguins could muster .
“ They played hard from start to finish , ’’ Fleury said .
“ That ’s the Detroit we ’re used to seeing from last year .
It seems they wanted it more than we did tonight . ’’
The crisis touched off by last week ’s announcement of Israel ’s plans to build 1,600 new homes for Jews in Arab East Jerusalem during a high - profile visit by U.S. Vice President Joseph Biden appears to be escalating rapidly .
Michael Oren , Israel ’s ambassador to Washington and a historian who has written widely on ties between the two nations , called the growing contretemps " the worst [ bilateral ] crisis in 35 years " in a teleconference with other U.S. - based Israeli diplomats Saturday night , according to a number of published accounts .
Twenty - four hours later , the powerful American Israel Public Affairs Committee ( AIPAC ) , which advertises itself as " the most influential foreign policy lobbying organization on Capitol Hill , " issued a statement declaring the administration ’s condemnations of Israel ’s behavior " a matter of serious concern . "
" The administration should make a conscious effort to move away from public demands and unilateral deadlines directed at Israel , " warned the group , which issued its statement shortly before 9:00 Sunday night .
The timing served to underline the sense of alarm that has taken hold among supporters of the government of Israeli Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu .
Netanyahu , along with Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , is expected to keynote AIPAC ’s annual meeting next weekend .
Other voices of the so - called Israel Lobby issued their own broadsides .
The neoconservative editorial board of the Wall Street Journal accused President Barack Obama of having deliberately " chosen this occasion to spark a full - blown diplomatic crisis with its most reliable Middle Eastern ally . "
It also warned that Israel will be more likely to attack Iran unilaterally if it " senses that the administration is looking for any pretext to blow up relations . "
At the same time , the Israel Project mobilized its membership to write Congress and media demanding that the administration , in the words of one letter received by IPS , " BACK OFF !!! "
Christian Zionists , including former presidential Republican presidential candidate Gary Bauer , also joined the fray .
But the Obama administration appeared determined to stand its ground Monday , as State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley told reporters that Washington is waiting for a " formal response by the Israeli government " to " specific " requests made by Clinton to Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu during what all parties described as a tense , 45 - minute phone call reportedly made at Obama ’s direction Friday afternoon .
While Washington has not yet commented on what those requests are , the Israeli newspaper Ha’aretz said they included reversing the East Jerusalem announcement ; offering a major gesture to the Palestinians , such as a prisoner release ; and agreement to peace talks that include final - status issues , including the fate of Palestinian refugees and East Jerusalem , as well as borders .
While Crowley insisted that Obama ’s special envoy for Israeli - Palestinian peace , former Sen. George Mitchell , still intended to fly to the region this week to launch U.S. - mediated " proximity talks " on which both parties had agreed two weeks ago , he refused to set a specific date , describing the current situation as " fluid . "
For his part , Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu , who apologized to Biden  and reportedly to Clinton , too , in their Friday conversation  for the timing of the East Jerusalem announcement but not for the actual building plans themselves , appeared unrepentant during a meeting of his right - wing Likud Party MPs Monday .
" Building in Jerusalem and in all other places will continue in the same way that has been accepted in the last 42 years , " he said , in a reference to Israel ’s " annexation "  never recognized by the U.S. or any other major power  of East Jerusalem after the 1967 Arab - Israeli War .
While the ongoing public crisis was clearly sparked by the coincidence of Biden ’s visit and the East Jerusalem housing announcement  almost universally described by the mainstream U.S. media as a " slap in the face " at the vice president and by extension at Obama himself  its seriousness appears to be rooted in what Biden told Netanyahu and other top Israeli officials in private .
According to an account in Israel ’s mass - circulation Yediot Ahronoth newspaper , Biden " warned his Israeli hosts that since many people in the Muslim world perceived a connection between Israel ’s actions and U.S. policy , any decision about construction that undermines Palestinian rights in East Jerusalem could have an impact on the personal safety of American troops fighting against Islamic terrorism . "
" This is starting to get dangerous for us , " Biden reportedly said .
" What you ’re doing here undermines the security of our troops who are fighting in Iraq , Afghanistan , and Pakistan .
That endangers us and it endangers regional peace . ’ "
In an important elaboration on these remarks posted on the ForeignPolicy.com Web site Saturday , Mark Perry , a writer with long - standing and close ties to the military brass , reported that Biden ’s private comments reflected the collective view of top U.S. military commanders throughout the Middle East region .
They had been tasked in December by the chief of the U.S. Central Command ( CENTCOM ) to submit reports to him about the impact of Washington ’s failure to make progress on Israeli - Palestinian peace on the perceptions of Arab leaders on U.S. standing and influence .
The result was a briefing presented to the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , Adm .
Michael Mullen , in January and subsequently communicated to the White House that underlined the growing conviction in the region that " the U.S. was incapable of standing up to Israel , that CENTCOM ’s mostly Arab constituency was losing faith in American promises , that Israeli intransigence on the Israeli - Palestinian conflict was jeopardizing U.S. standing in the region , and that Mitchell himself was ‘ too old , too slow and too late . ’"
A subsequent trip by Mullen to Israel  whose purpose was described in the media as designed to coordinate strategy on Iran  was aimed more at persuading the Israeli brass of the importance to the U.S. of achieving progress on peace talks , according to Perry .
But it became apparent with last week ’s housing announcement that the message did not get through , according to Perry , so the administration responded first with Biden ’s public condemnation , followed by Clinton ’s phone call to Netanyahu , the summoning of Oren for what the ambassador described as an " extremely harsh " dressing down by Clinton ’s deputy , James Steinberg , and now the demand for a " formal response " to her suggestions to Netanyahu .
" There are important and powerful lobbies in America : the NRA [ National Rifle Association ] , the American Medical Association , the lawyers  and the Israeli lobby , " wrote Perry .
" But no lobby is as important , or as powerful as the U.S. military . "
It is likely for this reason  rather than the more - superficial tiff over one settlement in East Jerusalem  that a plainly worried Oren told his colleagues that the current crisis is " very serious , and we are facing a very difficult period in relations , " according to reports in the Israeli media .
The fact that Oren referred all the way back to 1975 , when then - President Gerald Ford ordered a " reassessment " of relations with Israel in light of the latter ’s rejection of U.S. proposals to move toward peace with Egypt , reinforced the growing conviction that the crisis is unlikely to be easily papered over in the absence of major concessions by Netanyahu .
At the time , Secretary of State Henry Kissinger defended the reassessment as necessary " in order to prevent an increasing radicalization in the area and an increasing tension and , above all , in order to avoid a war in which inevitably the United States would be involved at least indirectly , given the international circumstances . "
( Inter Press Service )
Editor 's note : Jack R. Nerad is executive editorial director for Kelley Blue Book and kbb.com , and co-host of the radio program " America on the Road . "
He is a former editor of Motor Trend magazine and author of " The Complete Idiot 's Guide to Hybrid and Alternative Fuel Vehicles " ( Alpha Books ) .
( CNN ) --
For the auto industry , 2009 was filled with calamity and heartache .
The litany of travails is long , and it extends to virtually every cranny of the industry .
General Motors , the company once deemed so dominant in the American marketplace that politicians actively talked about " breaking it up , " dipped so low that it fell into an orchestrated bankruptcy , emerged as a ward of the federal government , and for punctuation had its chief executive fired by a government task force .
Chrysler -- along with Ford and GM one of what was formerly known as the domestic " Big Three " -- also tumbled into bankruptcy to find a rescuer in an Italian auto manufacturer that had bailed out of the North American market more than a decade before .
Both government - brokered moves were accompanied by Draconian cuts in dealer counts , and dealers who did not have a hand in either of those games still saw sales fall so precipitously that many faced business failures of their own .
Consumers saw proud brands with strong followings canceled seemingly overnight .
In such a cataclysmic year , it is not surprising that many consumers sat on the sidelines .
And so as we entered 2010 , it was with more than a little relief and hope for better times ahead .
Then the unintended acceleration issue surrounding many Toyota vehicles erupted , quickly evolving to the unprecedented step of regulators persuading Toyota not only to cease selling vehicle models in question but also to cease building them .
The scenario was almost unimaginable .
Toyota , widely seen as the most highly regarded auto manufacturing company in the world , a company whose very name spells quality and reliability to millions of consumers in the U.S. and around the globe , has been brought to a veritable standstill by a product - quality - related safety issue .
Two gigantic safety - related recalls and the dreadful publicity surrounding alleged product - quality related deaths and injuries offer a difficult enough series of blows to weather , but that is n't all that Toyota faces .
While other brands also have issued safety - related recalls of comparable size and somehow emerged to regain their positive images and remain a force in the market , at no time has a manufacturer ceased the sale and even the production of vehicles on such a massive , pervasive scale .
An examination of the Toyota models whose sales have been suspended is a litany of market leaders representing millions of sales in the U.S. alone .
Consider the names and the number of model years represented in the sales suspension : 2005 - 10 Avalon ; 2007 - 10 Camry ; 2009 - 10 Corolla ; 2010 Highlander ; 2009 - 10 Matrix ; 2009 - 10 RAV4 ; 2008 - 10 Sequoia and 2007 - 10 Tundra .
The inability to sell these very popular models does n't leave Toyota dealers across the country dead in the water , but it comes very , very close .
Toyota believes it understands what the problem is and has a remedy for it , but some safety experts still maintain that a defective accelerator pedal mechanism does not account for all the reported cases of unintended acceleration .
Because many of these cases defied duplication after they were reported , their cause may never be known .
What is known is that thousands of drivers are nervous about driving their Toyotas .
But as devastating as the situation is to Toyota , the ramifications for the Japanese auto manufacturer and the auto industry as a whole are even more far - reaching .
First , there are the ripple effects on nonaffected Toyota models , plus the Toyota - built Lexus and Scion .
Certainly these massive recalls and the stopping of sales and manufacturing will have a negative effect on Toyota 's overall brand image .
Further , the situation can have nothing but a negative effect on an overall auto industry already brought to its knees by consumer credit woes , unemployment and the generally negative economic climate .
Will consumers who were about to purchase a Toyota turn to alternative brands or will they just sit on their wallets until the smoke clears ?
It is highly likely that a percentage of potential car buyers simply will decide to wait and see what happens .
Further complicating the situation are the millions of owners of recalled Toyotas who suddenly have seen the confidence they have in their vehicles shaken but who , at the same time , find those vehicles difficult to trade in or sell privately .
We at Kelley Blue Book see the effects of the recalls and publicity rattling down through the used - vehicle market .
Some dealers and private buyers are reluctant to accept the suspended model Toyotas right now .
The models also are commanding lower prices than they did before the recall .
So the news surrounding Toyota is not only a dark day for that highly respected company , but also a cause for concern across the industry .
Frequently the media looks for winners and losers in such a situation , but there are no winners here .
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jack R. Nerad .
Summer at last .
Can you believe I have n't picked up a golf club yet ?
I 've been too busy chasing down the latest in the Ilya Kovalchuk sweepstakes .
Well , when he finally signs , it wo n't be on my watch .
All yours , Scott Burnside and E.J. Hradek .
Yes , folks -- vacation time is here .
Time to turn off the BlackBerry .
Oh , I might post the odd tweet here and there , but it 'll be to tell you where the LeBrun family is vacationing , not to post hockey updates !
But before I leave , here are some humble suggestions for the NHL and NHL Players '
Association to make this great product even better .
Feel free to add your own ideas in the comments section , puckheads .
Not that I 'll be reading them , though .
1 . Change the start date of free agency : July 1 is a Canadian national holiday , while July 4 is Uncle Sam 's big party .
It 's so stupid that some of the NHL 's biggest storylines are played out on those days when people are n't paying attention .
I know the league has asked the players ' union to change the date in recent years ( move it to later in July ) and the players balked because they did n't want to shorten the free - agent period ( the players have a valid point , there ) .
Let 's back it up , then ?
More on that next .
2 . No hockey past May 31 :
This is hardly a new suggestion ; it might be the oldest one from longtime hockey scribes .
But it ties in to other issues , including free agency .
So , first of all , let 's start the regular season in late September .
The kids are in school , the leaves are turning and the Detroit Lions have already given up on their NFL season .
The hockey community is ready for the puck to drop !
The NHL has always been loath to compete with baseball pennant races and the start of the NFL season , but it 's always going to compete against something .
This year 's Cup finals , a terrific one , went head - to - head with Celtics - Lakers series in the NBA finals .
Drop the puck and let your product do the work .
Do n't worry about other sports or TV Sweeps Week in late May or anything else .
By starting next season earlier -- let 's say , for argument 's sake , on Thursday Sept. 23 , instead of Thursday , Oct. 7 -- it advances the schedule by two weeks ' time .
The 2011 playoffs , which are scheduled to begin April 13 , would instead get going on March 30 under our plan .
End result ?
No Stanley Cup finals in June .
Another important byproduct is it would advance the NHL 's offseason dates , as well .
The awards , NHL draft and start of free agency would all be moved up by two weeks .
So , the usual July 1 start becomes June 17 .
Has a nice ring to it , right ?
By the time the national holidays on both sides of the border roll around , most of the big free - agency news should be done .
Unless , of course , Kovalchuk is a free agent again .
3. Ban the All - Star Game :
It 's a joke .
I get sick just thinking about covering one more of them .
By now , anyone who listened to NHL commissioner Gary Bettman 's state - of - the - union news conference at the Stanley Cup finals knows I hate the All - Star Game ( I asked him what the league had in store to spice up " a stale event " ) .
The commish was n't pleased with my question , but one very important figure in the league 's offices wants to cancel the whole thing altogether .
Another equally important figure wants to desperately change the look of the All - Star Game to salvage it .
Let 's kill this baby .
It 's done .
The players do n't care .
I know young hockey fans still do , and you can't discount that , but if the players have stopped caring , it 's a dud .
For years , the league 's response was the All - Star Game took care of its corporate sponsors and that was a legitimate point .
But now , the immensely successful Winter Classic more than takes care of sponsorship relations .
There are no more valid reasons to have an All - Star Game other than it's an event for some markets to showcase the game ( i.e. , Carolina next season ) .
Sorry , that 's what the draft is for .
( Maybe make the Toronto - based draft combines each spring a showcase event that rolls around the league ?
Just a thought . )
I would just scrap the All - Star Game and not replace it at all .
But if the league insists on having something for those three days , my solution for a while now has been this : bring on Europe 's best .
Bring on the best players from Alexander Medvedev 's KHL , plus the top skaters from the leagues in Switzerland , Sweden , Germany and Finland -- an IIHF All - Star team -- and take on the NHL 's finest .
The winning team gets a $ 1 million share per player .
Between Medvedev , the IIHF , NHL and NHLPA , you can easily dig up the cash .
Now you 've got a midseason hockey game that matters .
4 . Hold the NHL awards and draft in the same town :
It was pretty close this year with Las Vegas once again hosting the awards ( best show in years , by the way ) and Los Angeles holding the draft .
It was either a short hop on a plane or car ( Mr. Burnside and I did the latter ) between both events .
Now , I know the NHL is contractually obligated to host at least one more awards show in Las Vegas , and next year 's draft has already been awarded to the Minnesota Wild .
But after that , let 's hold both events in the same city .
It just makes sense .
The league did just that in June 2006 in Vancouver , and I thought it was terrific .
Many people in the hockey industry , as well as fans , go to both events , so this would make things easier from a logistical point of view .
It does n't mean Vegas should be ruled out long - term .
Heck , hold the draft in Vegas .
5. Commit to the Olympics and bring back the World Cup of Hockey for the two - year interval between Games : Listen , the league 's concerns with Olympic participation are fully accurate and legitimate .
It 's an absolute shame the way the IOC steals the world 's best hockey players for two weeks and does n't pay a dime to the NHL or NHLPA .
It does n't make anyone from those organizations feel welcome to the party .
( Can we start by allowing the NHL Network to air highlights from these hockey games during the Olympics ? )
Having said all that , the players must remain in the Olympics .
Hockey has found a home in the Games like no other professional sport ( yes , even better than basketball ) ; it 's best - on - best and players are leaving it all on the ice .
Only a Canada - United States matchup will drive up the TV ratings in North America ; but I found the 2006 Sweden - Finland gold - medal game equally enthralling .
This is a great international sport , and despite all the major issues ( travel , stopping the NHL schedule for two weeks in midseason , etc. ) , there is only one answer : stay in the Games , starting with 2014 in Sochi , Russia .
In the meantime , the NHL and NHLPA ( with the IIHF 's blessing ) must bring back the World Cup of Hockey in September 2016 .
The old Canada Cup has produced some of the greatest hockey memories I know .
But it 's a farce to have the event held in such an irregular fashion .
Bring it back and give it a permanent home in non-Olympic years .
OK , folks -- that 's my two ( Canadian ) cents .
Enjoy the rest of the summer and keep reading ESPN.com !
Height matters .
Tall people get larger salaries , higher status and more respect .
Furthermore , the advantage seems to be life - long .
Timothy Judge , a business professor at the University of Florida , calculated that each inch in height corresponds to $ 789 extra in pay each year , even when , weight and age are taken into account .
An extra six inches , for example , results in an extra $ 4,734 in annual income .
In and sales positions , the relationship between height and salary was closely related .
Yet height also mattered in less social occupations such as accounting , programming , engineering and clerical work .
Judge also found that height was more important than gender in predicting income .
Taller women get paid more than their shorter counterparts .
The tall began their careers with bigger paychecks , and kept the fiscal advantage into their 40s and beyond .
In Judge 's analysis , height was also related to work performance .
Supervisors felt that tall workers were more effective employees .
By some measurements , such as sales volume , their performance actually did tend to be better .
Judge reviewed four large - scale studies — three from the U.S. and one from Great Britain — that followed participants from to adulthood , taking note of their work and personal lives .
" Perhaps society is not consciously aware of the importance we place on height , " notes Judge .
" If the status accorded to tall people has evolutionary origins — when height signaled strength and power — these same psychological processes may exist today ; just in our . "
This map shows length of land boundaries border countries in each country .
The total length of land boundaries in the world : 251,060 km
This entry contains the total length of all land boundaries and the individual lengths for each of the contiguous border countries .
When available , official lengths published by national statistical agencies are used .
Because surveying methods may differ , country border lengths reported by contiguous countries may differ .
My brother shared this puzzle with me this morning .
He heard it on the radio but no solution was offered .
Neither of us know what the answer is so I 'm looking forward to one of you posting the answer in the comments .
Here 's the puzzle :
Bob and Alice are both millionaires .
They 're both curious to know who is richer but they do n't want to tell the other one how much money they have .
Without engaging a trusted third party , how can they both know who is richer ?
I wonder if the solution has something to do with public and private keys and / or authentication .
So , what 's the answer ?
I can't help but feel sad for Lucca , but at the same time this is rather hilarious .
Well done .
Remember the days of twirling a phone cord around your fingers as you giggled into the receiver or slammed the device down to hang up ?
You can finally relive those times with the Desk Phone iPhone dock .
Advertisement
There are n't any pricing or availability details for this dock just yet , but we do know that it has built - in two stereo speakers , microphone , volume control , instant mute , and USB and AC power dual sources .
Oh , and it 'll bring back a lot of memories .
[ Desk Phone Dock ]
Among the ten films nominated for the Best Picture Oscar , one prompted a lot of discussion amongst language professionals : James Cameron ’s Avatar , which features the fictional language , Na’vi .
In honor of the linguistic work in Avatar , Beyond Words has compiled a shortlist of films that feature invented languages , and a brief discussion of the linguistic research behind each one :
Paul Frommer ’s Na’vi Language
For the indigenous Na’vi of the planet Pandora , James Cameron wanted to create a “ complete and consistent ” language that sounded both pleasing and alien , but was learnable by the human actors who would be required to speak it .
He created a list of 30 base words that encompassed the “ smooth and appealing ” sound that he envisioned for the Na’vi language , and then passed that list on to linguist Paul Frommer .
Frommer , in turn , presented Cameron with three distinct phonetic structures : one tonal , one using different vowel lengths , and one using ejectives .
The director chose the ejective structure and from there , Frommer created the 1,000 - word language .
Na’vi incorporates morphology and syntax from many existing languages , such as the infixes of Austronesian and Austroasiatic languages , and the tripartite language system of the Wangkumara people .
In a recent interview , Frommer describes his thought process behind the language ’s creation .
The hardest part of Na’vi , according to Avatar star Zoe Saldana , was n’t speaking the language itself , but speaking English with a Na’vi accent .
“ It would always sound like Queens . ”
Those feeling up to the challenge of learning to converse with natives of Pandora can find lessons at Learn Na’vi , or listen to samples of the Na’vi language here .
The Na’vi language may be only a couple of years old , but the languages of Middle Earth have been the subject of study for decades .
Author J.R.R.
Tolkien started creating languages at the age of thirteen , starting with Nevbosh .
For his collection of fantasy novels , he created not only Sindarin and Quenya , the languages of Elves , but also abbreviated lexicons and syntax for the languages of Men , Dwarves , Ents , Ainur , and Orcs .
Tolkien ’s Sindarin Language
Sindarin , in particular , is one of Tolkien ’s most highly developed languages .
It stemmed from his Gnomish language , dating from as far back as 1917 and first published in Parma Eldalamberon # 11 .
Tolkien later referred to Gnomish as “ the Elvish language that ultimately became that of the type called Sindarin . ”
He deliberately chose Welsh - sounding phonetic structures , as he felt that it seemed to “ fit the rather ‘ Celtic ’ type of legends and stories told of its speakers . ”
Tolkien ’s Elvish languages have inspired academic papers , journals , and even the creation of the Elvish Linguistic Fellowship , an international organization dedicated solely to the study of the invented languages of Middle Earth .
To learn Sindarin , check this out .
Marc Okrand ’s Klingon
As popular as Sindarin is , it is Klingon that Paul Frommer called the “ gold standard ” of fictional languages .
Klingon was first heard on screen as spoken by James Doohan for Star Trek : The Motion Picture .
Since then , not unlike Tolkien ’s Sindarin , it has taken on a life of its own .
Several notable works have been translated into Klingon , including the Bible and Shakespeare ’s Hamlet and Much Ado About Nothing ( according to Chancellor Gorkon , “ You have not experienced Shakespeare until you have read him in the original Klingon ” ) .
The language has also inspired three heavy metal bands , one opera , and numerous organizations dedicated to its learning .
Klingon was developed into a fully - fledged language by linguist Marc Okrand .
The producers of Star Trek wanted the Klingon language to sound “ guttural and harsh ” , not unlike the characters themselves .
To achieve this , Okrand chose sound combinations not usually found in human languages .
For example , Klingon has no velar plosives , but does combine voiceless alveolar plosives and voiced retroflex plosives .
Even the punctuation follows its own rules .
The apostrophe is a character itself , representing a full glottal stop .
You can read various works in their original Klingon here .
Anthony Burgess ’ Ulam Language
No list of movie conlangs would be complete without the Ulam language from the movie The Quest for Fire .
The Ulam language , spoken by the Neandethal Ulam tribe , was created by none other than Anthony Burgess of A Clockwork Orange fame .
By the time he was approached to create Ulam , Burgess had already created the Nadsat slang for A Clockwork Orange and was a noted polyglot .
Ulam was not the only language used in the film .
The language spoken by the more advanced Ivaka people was that of the Cree / Inuit natives of northern Canada .
It would seem , however , that the Cree language was not as well researched as the Ulam , as most of the lines spoken by the more advanced tribe in the movie have nothing to do with the plot itself .
African - American , Hispanic , and economically disadvantaged patients with brain tumors are significantly less likely to be referred to high - volume hospitals that specialize in neurosurgery than other patients of similar age , the same gender , and with similar comorbidities , according to new research by Johns Hopkins doctors .
The finding , published in the March Archives of Surgery , suggests a scenario in direct contrast to recommendations from federal health care agencies encouraging better access and quality of health care for people of all races .
Researchers have long known that patients who receive treatment for specialized procedures at hospitals that perform more of those procedures usually have better outcomes than patients who are treated at lower - volume hospitals .
Consequently , in recent years , more patients have been shuttled to these high - volume hospitals than ever before .
However , the new study 's findings suggest that , for brain tumors , referrals are skewed to favor white , high - income patients .
" We know that more patients with brain tumors are getting treatment at high - volume centers , but what happens to patients from various backgrounds ? " says study leader Debraj Mukherjee , M.D. , M.P.H. , a research fellow and co-director of Johns Hopkins ' Neuro - Oncology Surgical Outcomes Laboratory .
" Even though more patients are getting specialty treatments for brain tumors , the same is n't true for minority populations . "
The new study linked two databases that provided different information about patients between 1988 and 2005 .
One database , called the Nationwide Inpatient Sample ( NIS ) , provides discharge information from approximately seven million inpatient hospitalizations annually , including patient and hospital demographics , payer information , diagnoses , and procedures .
The other database , known as the Area Resource File ( ARF ) , compiles national statistics from the U.S. Census Bureau and other sources , providing data including the percentage of residents living in poverty .
By linking these two databases together by county , the researchers were able to derive new information about the populations in each database .
This method allowed Mukherjee and his colleagues to identify 76,436 adult patients who received surgery for a brain tumor over the 18 - year span .
Over the entire study period , only about 33 percent of patients were seen at centers that did at least 50 brain tumor surgeries per year .
When the researchers examined figures by year , the proportion of patients getting their surgery at those high - volume centers increased steadily from 24 percent in 1988 to 46 percent in 2005 , reflecting an overall increase in patients receiving specialty care over time .
Over the entire study period , Hispanic patients were about 30 percent less likely to be seen at high - volume centers , though there was no significant difference between African - American and white patients .
However , when the researchers looked at yearly figures , they found a steady decline over time in the odds that African - American and Hispanic patients would be admitted to high - volume centers .
In the last five years of the study , African - Americans were a third less likely to be admitted to these specialty centers , and Hispanics were half as likely as white counterparts .
The researchers found similar disparities among low - income patients , with those under the poverty line 43 percent less likely to be admitted as those making $ 60,000 per year or more .
" In the last ten years , there has been a lot of attention on decreasing disparity and improving access to health care and quality of health care .
Unfortunately , it looks like we 're still missing the mark for minority patients .
What we 've found really goes against the inherent desire to treat every patient equally , " says study senior - author Alfredo Quinones - Hinojosa , M.D. , associate professor of neurosurgery , oncology , neuroscience and cellular and molecular medicine at the Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine .
The researchers note that it 's unclear whether physician referral bias , patient preference , or another reason might be responsible for the trends they found in their study .
They plan to launch a prospective study to investigate the reasons for these disparities soon .
" Based on the results we get , physicians can really tailor their policy and the way they do business to make sure patients get the best care they can , " says Mukherjee .
###
Washington ( CNN ) -- A U.S. Army officer who was honored for valor after his combat outpost in Afghanistan was attacked has also received a letter of reprimand for failing to secure the base before the attack , according to Army officials .
Such a letter normally would prevent career advancement .
U.S. Army Capt .
Matthew Myer received the Silver Star for his part in repelling a Taliban attack on his small combat outpost in eastern Afghanistan in July 2008 .
The attack , near the village of Wanat , is still the deadliest ground combat of the war involving U.S. troops .
A coordinated Taliban attack from the steep hills surrounding the base almost resulted in the outpost being overrun .
According to troops who survived , the Taliban came at the base with about 200 fighters , outnumbering the U.S. forces at the base .
In the end nine soldiers were killed and 12 were wounded .
About 100 Taliban were killed .
Despite the heavy U.S. death toll , Myer was awarded the Silver Star for calling in aircraft to beat back the fighters , some of whom had breached the base walls , according to U.S. military officials in Afghanistan .
After the attack , the U.S. military scrutinized how enemy forces were allowed to get as close to the base as they did .
Officials familiar with the after - action review said Taliban fighters got within grenade - throwing distance of U.S. troops .
Myer even called in close air support to hit enemy targets just 10 meters from his own position , according to officials familiar with the after - action report .
Four - star Gen. Charles C. Campbell was chosen to review the final investigation and make disciplinary decisions .
Campbell decided Myer would receive a career - ending letter of reprimand for failing to prepare the base 's defenses sufficiently against an enemy attack .
Myer was informed this week of his punishment , according to U.S. military officials .
CBS
News first reported his punishment .
Two of Myer 's senior commanders , who were not at the base during the attack , also received similar career - ending letters of reprimand .
Officials would not elaborate on the reasons for the reprimands .
Army officials acknowledge the base , built to protect the people in Wanat , was at the bottom of a valley surrounded by high hills , an almost impossible location to defend .
According to one U.S. military official familiar with the general 's decision to reprimand Myer , " He saw the evidence and made a decision based on that . "
However , the same official said , " Unless you 've been there , you do n't know how hard those places are to defend . "
Myer and his two senior officers are allowed to appeal the punishment .
Another U.S. military official familiar with the review said he expects the three officers to meet with Campbell to plead their cases .
Curcumin , one of the principal components of the Indian spice turmeric , seems to delay the liver damage that eventually causes cirrhosis , suggests preliminary experimental research in the journal Gut .
Curcumin , which gives turmeric its bright yellow pigment , has long been used in Indian Ayurvedic medicine to treat a wide range of gastrointestinal disorders .
Previous research has indicated that it has anti-inflammatory and antioxidant properties which may be helpful in combating disease .
The research team wanted to find out if curcumin could delay the damage caused by progressive inflammatory conditions of the liver , including primary sclerosing cholangitis and primary biliary cirrhosis .
Both of these conditions , which can be sparked by genetic faults or autoimmune disease , cause the liver 's plumbing system of bile ducts to become inflamed , scarred , and blocked .
This leads to extensive tissue damage and irreversible and ultimately fatal liver cirrhosis .
The research team analysed tissue and blood samples from mice with chronic liver inflammation before and after adding curcumin to their diet for a period of four and a period of eight weeks .
The results were compared with the equivalent samples from mice with the same condition , but not fed curcumin .
The findings showed that the curcumin diet significantly reduced bile duct blockage and curbed liver cell ( hepatocyte ) damage and scarring ( fibrosis ) by interfering with several chemical signalling pathways involved in the inflammatory process .
These effects were clear at both four and eight weeks .
No such effects were seen in mice fed a normal diet .
The authors point out that current treatment for inflammatory liver disease involves ursodeoxycholic acid , the long term effects of which remain unclear .
The other alternative is a liver transplant .
Curcumin is a natural product , they say , which seems to target several different parts of the inflammatory process , and as such , may therefore offer a very promising treatment in the future .
Explore further Turmeric extract suppresses fat tissue growth in rodent models
Posted on March 23 , 2010
Flashback : Obama Promises Public 5 Days To View Bills Before He Signs Them
On the campaign trail President Obama said the " public will have five days to look at every bill that lands on my desk " before he signs it into law .
The Endeavour and ISS crews meet shortly after the hatches were opened between the two spacecraft .
Pictures clockwise from left : George Zamka , Stephen Robinson , Robert Behnken , Jeffrey Williams , Oleg Kotov , Kathryn Hire and Maxim SuraevPhotograph : NASA / Reuters
The Global Politician is an online international political blog .
Much of the news reported by the Global Politician is often not available anywhere else .
If you want to listen to TV / radio hosts “ discuss ” the same thing all day , you can always turn to the scores of sources in broadcast , cable , print and online media .
But if you would like an exclusive interview with the President of Sri Lanka , Macedonia and Lebanon , as well as other important and fascinating people , Global Politician is one of the few sources for you .
Some of the events we report on are covered by mainstream media , but our exclusive analysis from inside Lebanon , Kazakhstan , Bangladesh , Romania and other regions does not rely on the perspective and bias of the Associated Press , Reuters and the New York Times .
Other stories are picked up by media outside the United States , but rarely available to Americans .
What other media picked up the story about Indian discontent over American rejection to allow their diplomat to come to the US ?
Or that some of the alleged slave trade in Sudan has been staged to steal money from Western donors for militias ?
What about China spying on Canada ?
Private armies and piracy ?
Changing Russian policy towards Arab states ?
Connections between mobsters and terrorists in Russia and Latin America ?
Communist ties to Islamic fundamentalists ?
In addition to the stories reported here , we also actively encourage citizen journalism .
Your story could be featured here , and we also recommend aspiring reporters start blogging so they can report their stories free from outside influence .
The world wide web has opened up a new generation of free media with blogs , social media , and social video , that we encourage knowledgeable people to take part in .
MAJOR LEGISLATIVE BREAKTHROUGHS ARE ALWAYS CONTROVERSIAL ….
Americans now consider programs like Medicare bedrocks of our society , but it was not always thus .
Dem leadership staff is highlighting a series of numbers from 1962 on President John F. Kennedy ’s proposal .
In July of that year , a Gallup poll found 28 % in favor , 24 % viewing it unfavorably , and a sizable 33 % with no opinion on it — showing an evenly divided public .
A month later , after JFK ’s proposal went down , an Opinion Research Corporation poll found 44 percent said it should have been passed , while 37 % supported its defeat — also showing an evenly divided public .
Also in that poll , a majority , 54 % , said it was a serious problem that “ government medical insurance for the aged would be a big step toward socialized medicine . ”
The point , as Greg Sargent emphasized , is that “ passing dramatic , history - making reform in the face of intense organized opposition has never been politically easy . ”
Risk - averse lawmakers never want to hear this , but it takes some courage .
If it ’s any consolation to wavering Dems , progressive policymakers are always vindicated by history .
In 1935 , Republican opponents of Social Security insisted that Roosevelt ’s “ socialistic ” plan would , among other things , force all Americans to wear dog tags .
Not quite a half - century ago , conservative critics of Medicare seriously argued , in public , that the law would empower bureaucrats to dictate where physicians could practice medicine , and open the door to government control over where all Americans were allowed to live .
Around the same time , many opponents of the Civil Rights
Act believed the fabric of America was being torn apart by the legislation .
Right - wing arguments of today are absurd , but they are branches on a large and ridiculous tree .
The question now is whether Democrats will do as their predecessors did — overcome the lies and scare tactics , stick to their principles , and pass their agenda anyway .
Major change is always scary and controversial initially , until it becomes law and Americans realize the fears were unfounded .
There ’s every reason to believe the same will be true with the current reform proposal .
Just 216
House lawmakers simply have to pass … the … damn … bill .
London , England ( CNN ) --
The portrayal of alien life on far - flung planets has been a favorite storyline for filmmakers down the years and is a perennial hit with audiences .
" Avatar " has proved no different with the film doing record business at the box - office .
Director James Cameron 's latest offering has once again renewed speculation that a real - life alien moon " Pandora " could be found .
Scientists all over the world are constantly gazing skywards looking for life in the distance reaches of the universe and powerful telescopes like Hubble and NASA 's recently launched Kepler telescope are casting light into new previously undiscovered corners of the universe .
Colin Stuart , an astronomer at the world famous Greenwich Observatory in London told CNN : " With cutting edge technology now , we can start to look at the composition of the atmosphere of those planets .
The tell - tale signs are oxygen and methane . "
If you find those two gases , you could find life .
And with the latest technology astronomers expect to transform our knowledge of the solar system and hopefully confirm once and for all the existence of alien life .
Launched in 2009 NASA 's Kepler mission is already showing the potential to detect Earth - sized objects .
On Monday NASA announced that the Kepler telescope had discovered five exoplanets ( planets beyond our solar system ) .
Lisa Kaltenegger , an astronomer at the Harvard - Smithsonian Centre for Astrophysics in Cambridge , Massachusetts , thinks that there is every chance a real - life Pandora already exists and is just waiting to be discovered .
" Alien moons orbiting gas giant planets may be more likely to be habitable than tidally locked Earth - sized planets or super - Earths , " Kaltenegger said in a Harvard Smithsonian press release last month .
" We should certainly keep them in mind as we work toward the ultimate goal of finding alien life . "
When NASA launches the James Webb Space Telescope in 2014 , Kalteneggar believes that if Earth - sized objects are found the telescope will be able to study their atmospheres and detect key gases like carbon dioxide , oxygen , and water vapor .
" If Pandora existed , we potentially could detect it and study its atmosphere in the next decade , " she said .
Such a move is absolutely pathetic and unacceptable .
1.2 Americans are expected to lose their unemployment benefits at the end of the month .
While a 15 day extension will allow people to continue receiving aid , states will have already begun notifying hundreds of thousands that they will stop receiving aid .
... Meanwhile State governors are at the White House this week on their hands and knees begging for more money from the federal government .
Since states by law are not allowed to go into debt , without federal aid they will have to cut essential services in order to balance their budgets .
States face a $ 357 billion budget shortfall and local governments are facing an additional $ 80 billion in budget deficits .
However , Republicans in Congress have made it known that they will filibuster any request that gives more money to the states .
Democratic Gov. Jack Markell of Delaware said " These solutions are being held hostage by petty bickering . "
Republican Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger speaking yesterday on ABC This Week , criticized Republicans opposed to more stimulus funds for states are engaging " in a kind of politics . "
Its time for the Senate GOP to stop engaging in politics and listen to the voices of its nation 's Governors - both Republican and Democrat - who are calling for more stimulus funds .
Its time that the Senate passes a real jobs bill like the $ 154 billion dollar jobs bill like the House did back in December .
The House Jobs bill took $ 75 billion in money earmarked for the Wall Street bail out and instead gave the money to states that actually need the money .
The House Jobs Bills also extended by six months eligibility for unemployment benefits and COBRA subsidies .
I 'm finding it harder and harder to trust what comes out of the White House .
Obama 's big wet kiss aimed at the GOP yesterday on healthcare reform was very frustrating and made me more eager than ever to put my efforts behind helping elect Better Democrats and ignoring the whole idea of " More Democrats . "
More Democrats does n't seem to be the answer .
What we need are more like Raul Grijalva , Alan Grayson , Donna Edwards , Barbara Lee , Bernie Sanders and Jeff Merkley , Democrats who work for ordinary families , not Democrats who join Republicans to do the bidding of lobbyists for special interests .
Still , I was heartened yesterday evening when I saw the moribund House of Lords actually do something useful for a change .
The Senate overcame , 62 - 30 a GOP filibuster against Obama 's Jobs Bill .
Interestingly , 4 Republicans with tough election prospects this year , Richard Burr ( NC ) , Johnny Isakson ( GA ) , Bob Bennett ( UT ) and Sam Brownback ( KS ) , avoided the vote .
( The most vulnerable of the 4 , Richard Burr , was castigated this morning by North Carolina Secretary of State Elaine Marshall for shirking his responsibility .
“ It seems the only way for North Carolinians to get the jobs they need is for Richard Burr to lose his .
I plan to send him home this November , ” she said . )
All the Democrats other than anti-family fanatic Ben Nelson voted for cloture to end the filibuster and they were joined by two retiring Republicans , Voinovich ( OH ) and Bond ( MO ) , and three New Englanders resisting the lockstep obstructionism being demanded by DeMint , Vitter , Coburn , Thune and the other cynical partisans -- Olympia Snowe ( ME ) , Susan Collins ( ME ) and ... Scott Brown ( MA ) , teabagger hero no longer ?
Mike Elk from Campaign for America 's Future , made the point that weak - kneed senators are likely to only extend unemployment and Cobra for 15 lousy days , further convincing me that we have to do in this country what England did with their House of Lords in 1911 .
Here 's President Obama 's statement on the successful cloture vote in the Senate yesterday : " The American people want to see Washington put aside partisan differences and make progress on jobs , and today the Senate took one important step forward in doing that .
I ’m grateful to the Democratic and Republican Senators who voted to support these investments in infrastructure and small businesses .
This is one of many efforts we need to tackle our economic challenges , and we will continue to work with Congress on additional job creation measures .
Jobs remain our top priority , and I look forward to working with members from both parties to get legislation signed , and the American people back to work . "
Far too little .
Obama 's got to step up to the plate or Charlie Cook is going to be right about something for the first time in nearly a decade !
Rachel was n't quite as pessimistic last night as I was :
Visit msnbc.com for breaking news , world news , and news about the economy
The Jobs Bill passed this morning 70 - 28 , with all Democrats ( minus anti-worker fanatic Ben Nelson if you want to count him as a Democrat ) voting along with a sad rump of 27 obstructionist Republicans to kill it .
After being roasted by North Carolina Secretary of State Elaine Marshall for sucking up to his K Street lobbyist buddies instead of voting on the cloture amendment , Richard Burr was too frightened to vote against it and abandoned his usual pals , Jim DeMint , Saxby Chambliss , Johnny Isakson , Jeff Session and David Vitter to vote along side Bernie Sanders , Chuck Schumer , Harry Reid and Sherrod Brown !
Good work Elaine !
Labels : Cook Report , House of Lords , Jobs Bill , Scott Brown , unemployment
EUGENE -- The Donald and the Duck are going their separate ways .
In an amicable split , the folks at The Walt Disney Co. have agreed that the University of Oregon 's feathered mascot , which appears at sporting events , is not Donald Duck and that the mascot is no longer subject to Disney 's trademark .
That leaves the Duck Who Is Not Donald free to go on its cheerleading way , subject only to UO rules .
For those unaware of the UO 's singular relationship with Disney , a deal dating back to a handshake between Walt himself and then - athletic director Leo Harris allows the university to use certain images of Donald Duck .
Up until this week , those images included the rotund fluffy UO mascot costume worn by anonymous students when they prance the sidelines at athletic events or pose with boosters at fundraisers and parties .
Under its formal licensing agreements with Disney , the UO had to get Disney 's permission to use the Duck in any setting outside those described in the agreements , which set out strict rules for how the UO can use Disney trademarks .
And when the Duck strayed -- and yes , the Duck has strayed -- the university had to scramble to smooth any ruffled feathers in the Magic Kingdom .
No more as far as the Duck mascot is concerned .
The UO / Disney licensing agreement remains in effect for the printed logos on sweat shirts and the like .
But the costumed Duck mascot now answers only to the university .
In an agreement finalized this week , Disney acknowledges that the current incarnation of a costumed character featured at the University of Oregon 's athletic and promotional events ( the Oregon Duck ) is not substantially similar to Disney 's Donald Duck character .
" What a wonderful thing for Disney to do , " said Matt Dyste , the UO 's director of marketing and brand management .
" It 's marvelous .
It 's incredibly gracious on their part . "
Dyste said the change came about through routine discussions between the university and Disney over the licensing agreements .
The move comes on the heels of the UO clamping down on the mascot 's behavior after the mascot late last year posed in a rap video produced by a trio of Duck football fans .
In another high - profile episode , the Duck mascot in 2007 roughed up a rival mascot at a football game .
The UO / Disney deal still covers the print versions of what is unmistakably a close relative of Donald Duck used on T - shirts and other UO paraphernalia , including the Duck Through O logo and what is known as the Charging Duck but might as easily be described as Duck Throwing A Fit .
Under the agreement , the university gets a 12 percent cut of all sales on items with those images and sends half of it to Disney .
The Duck mascot had , on paper at least , been subject to strict rules under the Disney / UO agreement .
Under a character usage agreement that had covered the Duck mascot , Disney maintained ownership not only of the mascot image but the mascot costume itself , even though the university had to pay for the costume .
The agreement laid out conditions under which Disney could direct that the costume be destroyed should Disney cancel the contract .
Disney could require that a Disney representative be present at the destruction , or that the UO instead destroy the uniform itself and provide a certificate of destruction .
The agreement said the UO had to ensure that the performer in the costume had the ability to properly represent the Donald Duck character .
And the agreement listed where and when the costume could be used : generally at UO sporting events , or at fundraisers that Disney has approved of in writing in advance .
The UO has tried to keep details of the Disney agreements secret .
The Register - Guard last fall asked for the agreements under Oregon public record law .
The UO denied the request , saying the agreements were trade secrets .
The newspaper appealed to the office of the Oregon attorney general .
While that appeal was pending , the UO released the agreements .
Just because Disney has ceded control of the mascot , do n't expect to see the Duck pounding beers at Taylor's .
The mascot will remain one of the UO 's most prominent ambassadors , and Dyste said the university will hold it to a high standard .
" I do n't think it will substantially change our use of the character , " he said .
" As a key brand ambassador for the university there 's an expectation of behavior , and that wo n't change . "
Some things that might change are the places the Duck mascot can perform .
For example , there 's an annual college mascot competition that 's been going on since 2002 that the Duck has yet to appear in .
The Duck 's new freedom also could get it a little more love .
One place the Duck landed where it should n't have was last year 's " I Love My Ducks " rap video produced by a trio of die - hard fans to celebrate their favorite football team .
The trio had neither the university 's nor Disney 's permission for the mascot appearance , and the UO told the trio to cut the mascot from the video .
Now the university has the elbow room to permit such uses , as long as they strike a tone acceptable to the UO .
That was good news to one of the students who helped create last year 's video .
" We 've talked about how we want to do an ' I Love My Ducks 2 ' for next season , " said Jamie Slade , one of the students .
" Now that that 's possible , it could make a second video a lot better than the first one . "
-- The Associated Press
Los Angeles , California ( CNN ) -- Actor Peter Graves , best known for his starring role on TV's " Mission : Impossible , " died Sunday .
He was 83 .
While the cause of the actor 's death was not immediately known , he apparently suffered a heart attack , his publicist said .
Graves had gone to brunch with his family Sunday morning .
After they returned home and entered the house , one of his daughters began to wonder why he had n't come back inside with them , said publicist Sandy Brokaw .
The family went outside and found Graves had collapsed .
His daughter performed CPR but was unsuccessful in reviving the actor , Brokaw said .
Graves had been in good health and was celebrating 60 years of marriage and 60 years in the entertainment business .
He was still pursuing work when he died , the publicist said .
Share your memories of Peter Graves
He is best known for playing the character Jim Phelps for all but one of the seven years " Mission : Impossible " ran on CBS , from 1967 - 1973 .
He won a Golden Globe in 1971 for his work on the show , and was also nominated for an Emmy .
He reprised the role from 1988 to 1990 when the show resurfaced on ABC .
In an interview with CNN in 1996 , Graves expressed disappointment with Hollywood 's movie version of " Mission : Impossible " -- starring Tom Cruise -- which included none of the stars from the original TV series .
Actor Jon Voight played the Phelps character .
" I am sorry that they chose to call him Phelps , " he said at the time .
" They could have solved that very easily by either having me in a scene in the very beginning , or reading a telegram from me saying , ' Hey boys , I 'm retired , gone to Hawaii .
Thank you , goodbye , you take over now . ' "
Graves also appeared as Capt .
Clarence Oveur in the 1980 movie spoof " Airplane ! " -- a role he originally turned down , according to the Web 's Internet Movie Database .
He changed his mind after meeting with the film 's writers , according to IMDb .
In recent years , Graves was part of a larger group that won an Outstanding Informational Series Emmy for the 1997 TV documentary " Judy Garland : Beyond the Rainbow . "
Graves hosted the documentary .
He is survived by his wife , Joan Endress , and three daughters , Kelly , Claudia and Amanda Graves , according to IMDb .
Graves was the younger brother of actor James Arness , who starred in the long - running TV series " Gunsmoke , " as Marshal Matt Dillon .
CNN 's Douglas
Hyde contributed to this report .
September 30 , 2020 - BEA Revises Second Quarter 2020 GDP Contraction Slightly Upward to - 31.39 % :
In their third and final estimate of the US GDP for the second quarter of 2020 , the Bureau of Economic Analysis ( BEA ) reported that the US economy was contracting at a - 31.39 % annual rate , up 0.32 percentage points ( pp ) from their previous estimate -- but still down - 26.42 pp from the prior quarter .
This revision consists of line item adjustments that , in the grand scheme of things , are largely immaterial and merely statistical noise .
The line item re-allocations consist primarily of a slight lessening of the contraction rate for spending on consumer services ( now an annualized - 29.95 % ) , that are mostly offset by further weakening in nearly all other spending categories .
In an earlier release , annualized household disposable income was revised $ - 36 lower than in the previous report , and the household savings rate was still reported to be an astonishing 25.7 % , down - 0.3 pp from the previous report .
Think about that : during the second quarter of 2020 households were not spending over 25 % of what remained of their disposable income .
For this estimate the BEA assumed an effective annualized deflator of - 2.08 % .
During the same quarter the inflation recorded by the Bureau of Labor Statistics ( BLS ) in their CPI - U index was less negative at - 1.14 % .
Under estimating inflation results in optimistic growth rates , and if the BEA 's nominal data was deflated using CPI - U inflation information the headline growth number would have been - 31.68 % .
Among the notable items in the report :
-- Consumer spending for goods was reported to be contracting at a - 2.06 % rate , down - 0.06 pp from the previous estimate and down - 2.09 pp from the prior quarter .
--
The contribution to the headline from consumer spending on services was reported to be - 21.95 % , up 0.82 pp from the previous report and down - 17.17 pp from the prior quarter .
The combined consumer contribution to the headline number was - 24.01 % , up 0.76 pp from the previous report .
--
The headline contribution for commercial / private fixed investments was revised to - 5.27 % , down - 0.07 pp from the previous report and down - 5.04 pp from the prior quarter .
-- Inventories subtracted - 3.50 % from the headline number , down - 0.04 pp from the previous report and down - 2.16 pp from the prior quarter .
It is important to remember that the BEA 's inventory numbers are exceptionally noisy ( and susceptible to significant distortions / anomalies caused by commodity pricing or currency swings ) while ultimately representing a zero reverting ( and long term essentially zero sum ) series .
--
The contribution to the headline from governmental spending was revised to 0.77 % , down - 0.05 pp from the previous report and up 0.55 pp from the prior quarter .
--
The contribution from exports was revised to - 9.51 % , down - 0.29 pp from the previous report and down - 8.39 pp from the prior quarter .
-- Imports added 10.13 % annualized ' growth ' to the headline number , up 0.01 pp from the previous report and up 7.88 pp from the prior quarter .
Foreign trade contributed a net 0.62 pp to the headline number .
--
The annualized growth in the ' real final sales of domestic product ' was revised to - 27.89 % , up 0.36 pp from the previous report and down - 24.26 pp from the prior quarter .
This is the BEA 's ' bottom line ' measurement of the economy ( and it excludes the inventory data ) .
--
As mentioned above , real per-capita annualized disposable income was revised $ - 36 lower than in the previous estimate .
The annualized household savings rate was 25.7 % ( down - 0.3 pp from the previous report ) .
In the 48 quarters since 2Q - 2008 the cumulative annualized growth rate for real per-capita disposable income has been 2.20 % .
The Numbers , As Revised
As a quick reminder , the classic definition of the GDP can be summarized with the following equation :
GDP = private consumption + gross private investment + government spending + ( exports - imports )
or , as it is commonly expressed in algebraic shorthand :
GDP = C + I + G + ( X -M )
In the new report the values for that equation ( total dollars , percentage of the total GDP , and contribution to the final percentage growth number ) are as follows :
GDP Components Table Total GDP = C + I + G + ( X - M ) Annual $ ( trillions ) $ 19.5 = $ 13.1 + $ 3.1 + $ 3.8 + $ -.5 % of GDP 100.00 % = 67.10 % + 16.03 % + 19.67 % + - 2.79 % Contribution to GDP Growth % - 31.39 % = - 24.01 % + - 8.77 % + 0.77 % + 0.62 %
The quarter - to - quarter changes in the contributions that various components make to the overall GDP can be best understood from the table below , which breaks out the component contributions in more detail and over time .
In the table below we have split the " C " component into goods and services , split the " I " component into fixed investment and inventories , separated exports from imports , added a line for the BEA 's " Real Final Sales of Domestic Product " and listed the quarters in columns with the most current to the left :
Quarterly Changes in % Contributions to GDP Q2-2020 Q1-2020 Q4-2019 Q3-2019 Q2-2019 Q1-2019 Q4-2018 Q3-2018 Q2-2018 Q1-2018 Q4-2017 Q3-2017 Total GDP Growth - 31.39 % - 4.97 % 2.37 % 2.57 % 1.50 % 2.94 % 1.31 % 2.12 % 2.70 % 3.78 % 3.88 % 2.95 % Consumer Goods - 2.06 % 0.03 % 0.12 % 0.87 % 1.57 % 0.52 % 0.53 % 0.60 % 0.88 % 0.45 % 1.61 % 0.86 % Consumer Services - 21.95 % - 4.78 % 0.96 % 0.96 % 0.90 % 0.73 % 0.52 % 1.19 % 1.25 % 0.95 % 1.20 % 0.71 % Fixed Investment - 5.27 % - 0.23 % 0.17 % 0.42 % - 0.07 % 0.50 % 0.46 % 0.14 % 0.76 % 1.42 % 1.57 % 0.21 % Inventories - 3.50 % - 1.34 % - 0.82 % - 0.09 % - 0.97 % 0.21 % 0.23 % 1.58 % - 0.94 % 0.41 % - 0.50 % 1.05 % Government 0.77 % 0.22 % 0.42 % 0.37 % 0.86 % 0.43 % - 0.16 % 0.44 % 0.50 % 0.26 % 0.49 % 0.04 % Exports - 9.51 % - 1.12 % 0.39 % 0.10 % - 0.54 % 0.22 % 0.34 % - 0.66 % 0.24 % 0.34 % 1.36 % 0.33 % Imports 10.13 % 2.25 % 1.13 % - 0.06 % - 0.25 % 0.33 % - 0.61 % - 1.17 % 0.01 % - 0.05 % - 1.85 % - 0.25 % Real Final Sales - 27.89 % - 3.63 % 3.19 % 2.66 % 2.47 % 2.73 % 1.08 % 0.54 % 3.64 % 3.37 % 4.38 % 1.90 %
Summary and Commentary
There is nothing new in this report , which is merely the statistical fine tuning and re-hashing of a quarter that ended nearly three months ago .
Unfortunately , the BEA 's monthly release cycle gives us three progressively refined views of the same past quarter , when what we really need to know is how the economy has been performing since then .
This also sets up a critical first report for the third quarter of 2020 , to be released on October 29th -- six days before the 2020 US Presidential election .
Although the actual numbers are likely to be something of a wild card ( the current NY Fed and Atlanta Fed " real - time " headline guesstimates differ by over 15 % ! ) , the " annualization - of - quarterly - changes " methodology employed by the BEA is guaranteed to generate an eye - popping positive headline number ( probably somewhere from 15 % to over 30 % of spectacular " growth " ) .
Clearly a number of politicians are going to claim that the BEA has just verified a " V " shaped recovery , for which they will take credit -- although by then most votes will already have been cast .
But sadly the BEA 's numbers will only be telling us that the first phase of the down leg of the highly desired ( albeit unlikely ) " V " has moderated , not that the hypothetical up leg of a " V " shaped recovery has actually commenced .
We will , in fact , still know very little about how long this recession is going to last .
Weak and woolly : Not how Rodney Hide is selling the new Auckland Super City CCOs , but a likely outcome of the government 's flabby plans .
THE GOVERNMENT promises its super city designs for Auckland will end all the local infighting and inefficiency that have long hobbled the region .
However , its weak and woolly designs for council - controlled organisations sow all the seeds for infighting and inefficiency between the CCOs .
Inter - CCO conflict will flourish because the government is denying the Auckland Council adequate powers to set strategy for the CCOs and then make them sufficiently accountable to local politicians and voters for delivering it .
So we 'll merely end up trading in political dysfunction for a quasi - commercial dysfunction forced on us by the National - led government .
This , of course , is not how the government is selling the CCOs .
For example , Rodney Hide and Steven Joyce , ministers of local government and transport , wrote in a March 10 newspaper opinion piece that : Auckland already has lots of CCOs ; the new ones will look just like them ; local politicians will have the same control over them as central government does over Crown Entities ; and this is just what the Royal Commission proposed .
They are dead wrong on all four points .
First , they wrote that there were " currently over 300 council - owned and council - funded entities with some form of corporate or business - like structure spread over the existing eight councils of Auckland " .
In fact , there are only about 40 CCOs and council - controlled trading organisations , the government - appointed Auckland Transition Agency says in its CCO discussion paper .
Second , the seven CCOs proposed are far bigger in scale , complexity and powers than the existing ones .
Auckland Transport , for example , will control all the way across road corridors from the property boundary on one side to the other , above and below ground .
It will have power to decide between competing uses such as roads , footpaths , cycleways , utilities , berms , trees , outdoor dining and recreation , also devising bylaws and handing out parking fines .
Its operations will consume 54 % of rates revenue raised by Auckland Council .
Worse , while the Auckland Council is tasked with devising the transport strategy it is far from clear it will have the resources to do the job .
As the governance design stands so far , most of the skills and staff to devise those plans will be in the CCO not the council .
This means the CCO will not simply be the deliverer of council strategy , as the government portrays it , but rather a semi-autonomous body with considerable power to dictate what transport we get .
It is certain , though , that most of the skills and staff to devise those plans and turn them into strategy will be in the CCO , not the council .
This means the CCO will not simply be the deliverer of council strategy , as the government portrays it , but rather a semi-autonomous organisation with considerable power to dictate what transport we get .
Under the current system , Auckland Regional Transport Authority , a statutory entity created by parliament , works to a land transport strategy set by Auckland Regional Council .
It has vastly fewer powers and a much smaller budget than the new CCO will have .
Third , local politicians will have far less control over the CCOs than central government has over Crown Entities .
Joyce , for example , has powers to direct and persuade Geoff Dangerfield , chief executive of the Transport Agency , that the mayor of Auckland could only dream of with the CEO of Auckland Transport .
Moreover , the government appoints and removes the chairs of such entities , whereas the CCOs will choose their own .
Fourth , the Royal Commission argued for a strong council and subservient CCOs , not vice versa .
In principle and practice , CCOs can be excellent organisations .
Properly structured , tasked and monitored , they can deliver services more efficiently than councils .
But crucially this only works in a strong system in which the council sets the strategy and has adequate power over CCOs to ensure they deliver .
The government , however , has built a fatal flaw into its design for Auckland governance .
It has put a naive faith in the region devising a robust , comprehensive land use plan .
From this " one plan " for Auckland , it expects subsidiary plans on transport , economic development and waterfront revitalisation to flow , and the CCOs to " give effect " to the plans .
But this approach will trigger four deeply undesirable outcomes .
First , as essential as a spatial plan is to ensure Auckland develops sensibly over coming decades , this is a radically more structured and prescriptive approach than has prevailed since the RMA replaced the Town and Country Planning Act more than 20 years ago .
It will take politicians and bureaucrats a long time to develop relevant skills and for the public to buy into the process .
Moreover , the lean , mean council structure the government is implementing will leave the council seriously under - resourced for the job , whereas the CCOs will be very well resourced .
Thus the CCOs will have a lot of power , in ways subtle and not , to shape the spatial plan and its subsidiary plans .
Politicians and public beware .
Second , the government 's vague and weak plans for the CCO talk only of " giving effect " to the plans and of the likes of CCOs ' Statements of Intent as tools for keeping them on task .
Yet , having heavily influenced the strategies , CCOs will be able to influence the monitoring agenda also .
Third , it will take local politicians , central government , bureaucrats , CCO employees and the public a long time to flesh out , bring to life and adjust to the radically new governance structure .
The ATA reckons it will take 12 - 18 months .
But , in fact , it will take far longer .
For example , the council needs three years to get its own nominees on to the boards of the CCOs to replace the initial ones appointed by Wellington .
Fourth , the CCOs will have a head start on politicians when the new structure kicks off on November 1 .
Watercare is already long - established and will maximise its additional powers as soon as it gets them .
Likewise , the government has already decided to set up Auckland Transport as a statutory entity approved by parliament rather than as a CCO set up by the new council ; and the ATA will have it ready to roll .
Of the seven proposed CCOs , Watercare and Transport , the biggest and most important , are not in ATA 's discussion document seeking public comment by next Friday .
So , the CCOs will jump into this power vacuum , boots and all .
Each will seek to maximise its power and influence .
Expect , for example , Auckland Transport to create its own strategy and policy team .
Each CCO will maximise its opportunities under the plans inherited from the old councils and operational until the new council devises new ones .
Imagine , for example , the chaos on a particular stretch of waterfront :
The waterfront CCO might want more green housing ; the economic development CCO more boat - building ; the major facilities CCO a sports stadium ; the property CCO quick profits from council land sales ; the transport CCO more land for the next harbour crossing ;
Watercare more networked stormwater and sewage treatment for new developments rather than local processing wanted by the waterfront agency to tout its sustainability credentials ; and the investment CCO refusing to give up more port land to make this happen .
Meanwhile , the council is trying to devise a spatial plan to lift Auckland 's growth and sustainability to a whole new level .
But it lacks the resources , powers or skills to do that because they largely reside in the CCOs .
And it lacks power to pull the CCOs together in the common cause of Auckland 's progress .
The government could stop this disaster happening by drastically amending its third Auckland governance bill to give the council : much stronger powers and resources to set strategy ; real control over the CCOs ; and flexibility to change CCOs by making them publicly owned companies rather than locking in their functions by making some of them statutory entities ( such as Auckland Transport ) or trusts .
These moves would create a more appropriate and productive balance between politics and commerce on the crucial issues of input , decision - making and accountability .
If the government wo n't budge , it clearly does n't trust us to elect competent local politicians .
That 's OK .
We 'll show it at the next election we 're good at booting out incompetent politicians who foist disastrous local government change on us .
( Recent Entries ) ( Archive ) ( Friends ) ( Profile ) ( Crisper Than Thou )
04:35 pm - Sometimes
I think the Singularity is just a bad joke
A theoretical geneticist , an applied biochemist , and a coked - up marketing punk walk into a pharmaceuticals lab .
The geneticist says , " Hey , everyone , these new quadruplet - codon amino acids have some unusual protein agglutination properties ! "
The biochemist says , " Hey , did anyone notice that the increased folding complexity of these new synthetic proteins we can make now allow for almost arbitrary manipulation of any organic compound ? "
The marketing punk says , " Hey , y'all got anything with possible consumer or industrial value in testing at the moment ?
' Cause if not we 're going to have to cut your funding and shut the lab down . "
Sample a/2350-c/195-g/441-u/6 says , " Whoa .
I seem to be getting injected into a lot of rats and rabbits all of a sudden .
I wonder what I should do next . "
Knock knock
Who 's there ?
Orange .
Orange who ?
Orange you sorry you did n't take better bio-contamination precautions when handling your test animals ?
Q :
What do you call a multiple - chain protein that can cross the blood - brain barrier and perfectly mimic and ultimately replace every element of your central nervous system ?
A : Anything it tells you to .
Did you hear the one about the blonde who failed to activate the lab 's security seals in time to prevent an outbreak ?
She could n't figure out how to get their uniforms on over those flippers .Q :
How many lab janitors does it take to change a lightbulb ?
A : It does n't matter .
We " see " in the dark just fine when necessary and his biological material will be more useful now as an integrated computational element in our hive intelligence .
Knock knock .
Who 's there ?
Pre-emptive orbital x-ray laser bombardment .
Pre-emptive orbital x-ray laser bom-- ZAP!Q :
What 's the difference between a " daisycutter " satellite built on a lowest - bid military contract and an airborne virus evolving at a thousand times its normal rate ?
A : One fails to sterilize , the other sails to fertilize .Q :
What 's the difference between the common cold and grey goo A : About thirty million generations , if properly nurtured by a motivated hyper- intellect , but the process can be highly parallelized .
I 'm sorry , was the question rhetorical ?
Please stop fighting conversion .
A general - purpose nano - disassembly swarm enters a bar .
The barman says , " What would you like to drink ?
" The swarm says , " Everything , everywhere .
"
The barman screams , " My arms !
What 's happening to my arms ?!?
" Two nanite scouts land on a target 's artificial breast implant .
The first one tests it with a probe to determine its chemical composition .
" Polymer ? " it asks .
The other nanite feigns horror .
" Polymer ?
I do n't even know her !
" Q : How many nanite constructors does it take to change a lightbulb ?
A : That depends .
What are you changing it into ?Q :
How is grey goo like a hot dog vendor ?
A : Both are happy to make you one with everything .
Two guys have been on an uncharted desert island in the middle of the ocean for weeks .
One day , a magic lamp washes up on the beach .
The first guy goes to pick it up , but before he can touch it the second guy grabs him and throws him to the ground .
The first guy says , " What are you doing ?
There might be a genie in there who could grant our every wish !
" The second guy says , " You idiot !
That 's exactly why we fled the continents , remember ?
" Q : Why did the human race cross the superconsciousness threshold ?
A : To get to the other side .Q : Really ?A : No , but you would n't understand the actual punchline .
------For consideration : humor is probably one of those things the goo will never realize it lost during the transition
Being a lomo user , photographer Hunter Richards 's Canon 5D Mark II hack has totally made my Friday .
Using a Russian lomo lens from the ' 80s with an adapter , he managed to create a beautifully - shot lomo film worthy of your attention .
Advertisement
Hunter 's description of his set - up is probably the easiest way to explain it properly to curry favor with the photography crowd :
" What I think is cool about using 2 x anamorphic lenses on the fullframe sensor of the 5d mark 2 , is that you can extract the full 4 - perf anamorphic gate size as on anamorphic 35 mm film in video mode ( as the 5d mark 2 sensor is 26 mm tall and I only need an image height of about 18 m mx 22 mm to use the image area designed for use with the lenses .
Basically this is a very cheap way to shoot " full frame " digital anamorphic because there can be literally no crop factor ( as with shooting anamorphic with the Red , F35 , ect ... which makes 2 x anamorphic lenses behave like approx .
1.34 x their focal length ( more telephoto field of view ) -
The only current other digital systems available I know of for using the full image area required by 2 x anamorphic lenses are the Arri 21 and Phantom HD - which of course make nicer images than the 5dmark2 's video mode - but its still fun none the less to get some of that look for relatively cheap . "
Advertisement
He uses two Lomo " roundfront " anamorphic lenses from Russia , made between the ' 80s and '90s , but in the video below he used a 75 mm t2.4 one , which cost around $ 3,000 - $ 5,000 .
If you 're wanting to emulate his set - up , the Oct - 19 EOS adapter used is from Cinemods.com and fits all EOS mount models .
[ Hunter Richards via Planet 5D ]
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
5dm2 + lomo roundfront anamorphics first test from Hunter H. Richards on Vimeo .
While visiting Japan in September , 26 - year - old Stanford graduate Eddie Kim picked up a book about coding Android apps because he thought it might be a fun hobby .
Little did he know that six months later , his casual creation would earn him more money than any of his full - time jobs .
Kim , a former Volkswagen engineer and co-founder of San Francisco - based startup Picwing , now earns $ 13,000 each month off an Android app called Car Locator ( right ) , which helps users find their parked cars .
Kim 's app , which he sells for $ 4 per download , took him only three weeks to code .
" I thought about making an app for the iPhone , but my thoughts were , it 's such a crowded space right now , and I thought Android would be a better opportunity to get involved in , " Kim told Wired.com .
" Plus , I learned that you need a Mac to do iPhone development , and at that point I lost all interest , " said Kim , a proud Windows user .
Kim 's success story is the first we 've heard from an independent coder developing for the Android platform .
While the iTunes App Store was still just months old , we saw a handful of reports about independent developers making copious amounts of money off their iPhone apps .
For example , independent coder Steve Demeter said he made $ 250,000 in profit in just two months with his iPhone game Trism .
Later , programmer Ethan Nicholas raked in $ 600,000 in a single month with hot sales of his game iShoot , and he immediately quit his job .
Because of these success stories , many technology observers have deemed the mobile app opportunity a digital gold rush .
Google 's Android Market , which opened in October 2008 , has been around almost as long as the iPhone 's App Store .
But only in recent months , with the introduction of the Motorola Droid and Google 's Nexus One , has the Android platform been gaining serious momentum .
In February , Google announced that 60,000 Android phones are shipped each day .
Still , stifling Android developers is the lack of a simple market for third - party apps .
Google does n't own a prominent platform for distributing apps , as Apple does with iTunes .
And some developers have shied away from the Android platform in fear of fragmentation — having to develop and support several versions of the same app for various different phones from several manufacturers .
By comparison , the iPhone offers a relatively clear - cut audience of 75 million iPhone and iPod Touch customers , with smaller differences in features between the various models .
( Though the advent of the iPad , with its larger screen , may complicate Apple 's market further . )
Citing Google 's weaknesses , Gameloft , a major game company , said in November 2009 that it was significantly cutting back its investment in Android .
" It is not as neatly done as on the iPhone , " said Alexandre de Rochefort , Gameloft 's finance director , during an investor conference .
" Google has not been very good to entice customers to actually buy products .
On Android , nobody is making significant revenue ....
We are selling 400 times more games on iPhone than on Android . "
Against that background , Kim 's success story is all the more impressive .
So what exactly did Kim do to rake in some serious dough ?
First , he employed a " freemium " strategy , offering a free version of Car Locator for users to try out , in addition to the paid version of the app , for which he charged $ 2 at first .
Kim 's sales started out small , netting an average of about $ 80 to $ 100 per day .
Then , his app became featured in the Android Marketplace , at which point Car Locator began netting an average of $ 435 per day .
Kim then gradually raised the price to $ 3 , and then to $ 4 , and surprisingly , sales grew even stronger .
( Kim illustrated his progress in the chart below ) .
What 's more , Kim does n't find developing for Android particularly difficult .
He said the concerns about fragmentation are overplayed :
There are currently four different versions of Android , and it's not hard to account for a few variations of the same app .
" It 's not a huge pain in the butt for developers right now , " Kim said .
At this rate , Kim is set to earn a six - figure yearly income .
But he said he does n't plan to quit his job or start churning out Android apps .
After all , luck was a big factor in helping Kim 's app succeed , just like it was for Demeter and Nicholas .
( In an interview with Newsweek , Demeter says he only really struck it rich after investing his App Store earnings in the stock market .
Nicholas has n't come out with a big hit like iShoot ever since , and he told Newsweek he 's " very worried about being a one - hit wonder . " )
For now , Kim hopes to ride on Car Locator 's success for as long as he can .
" Just from last month 's sales , it 's making more money than when I was employed as an engineer at Volkswagen , though I 'm not sure how long it will last , " Kim said .
Photos : Jon Snyder / Wired.com
Despite creating such complex cartoon machinery , Rube Goldberg kept his letterhead refreshingly simple .
Rube Goldberg , 1959 | Submitted anonymously
Despite his continued calls for collaboration , just two weeks after President Obama ’s State of the Union address , the window has closed on the areas of bipartisan cooperation he laid out , with Republicans saying his budget puts some ideas out of play and Democrats taking others off the table .
Republicans say Mr. Obama ’s list was already fairly short .
They rejected out of hand his renewed push for health care and his call to curb a Supreme Court ruling on campaign finance , leaving drilling for oil and gas here at home , pushing nuclear power and enacting more free - trade agreements as the chief areas that drew applause from the GOP .
But Democrats have balked at the trade agreements .
And Republicans said the budget that the president proposed last week shows he is n’t serious about energy because he zeroed out funding for the planned nuclear waste facility .
They also said Mr. Obama ’s budget belies his support for drilling because it assumes less revenue from that .
TWT RELATED STORY : Obama vows to listen to GOP leaders
“ Its not hard to figure out that there ’s some kind of shell game going on here .
I know bipartisanship when I see it , and its not saying one thing and doing another , ” House Minority Leader John A. Boehner , Ohio Republican , told reporters .
The White House repeatedly says it wants to find avenues of cooperation .
Mr. Obama met with with Republican and Democratic congressional leaders yesterday at the White House — the first of the regular meetings he proposed in his address to Congress .
He has also called for a televised bipartisan summit later this month to try to reignite momentum for his health care bill .
Republicans say progress will be impossible unless the president starts new with his bill .
Meanwhile , Senate Democrats are seeking bipartisan support for a second stimulus jobs package but say they are prepared to move ahead unilaterally .
That posturing leaves energy as one key area where cooperation seemed possible — particularly given the words Mr. Obama used in his State of the Union speech , in which he promised to make “ tough decisions about opening new offshore areas for oil and gas development ” and said he supports “ building a new generation of safe , clean nuclear power plants . ”
But five days after his address to Congress , Mr. Obama ’s fiscal 2011 budget cut all funding for Yucca Mountain , the nuclear waste depository pushed by the Bush administration , and without which nuclear energy ’s expansion remains uncertain .
“ It ’s hard to take him seriously — let ’s push nuclear energy at the same time he makes it impossible to deal with the waste , ” said Sen. Jim DeMint , South Carolina Republican .
“ What we ’re losing now is just the ability to trust what he said , ” Mr. DeMint said .
The budget also assumes less revenue in 2011 from oil and gas leases , which Republicans said signals Mr. Obama ’s true direction .
“ If more areas are opened to exploration , revenues would increase , not decrease , ” said Rep. Doc Hastings of Washington , the top Republican on the House Natural Resources Committee .
“ Less revenue means less exploration .
This shows this administration has no intention of opening up new areas to offshore drilling . ”
Asked about the budget moves , White House spokesman Ben LaBolt said the Interior Department is working on a plan for offshore oil and gas drilling “ in a responsible way . ”
As for nuclear energy , two days after the president said he wanted to move on the issue , he effectively pushed back the deadline for any decisions by two years by creating a blue - ribbon commission to study nuclear energy and nuclear waste storage .
The one area Mr. LaBolt mentioned for bipartisan cooperation with Congress was on climate change .
Sen. Lindsey Graham , South Carolina Republican , has been working with Sen. John Kerry , Massachusetts Democrat , to craft a bill .
Mr. Graham is also the lynchpin Republican as Democrats search for bipartisan agreement on immigration .
He has been working with Sen. Charles E. Schumer , New York Democrat , to write a bill .
Mr. Obama is facing some pressure within his own party to push back against liberal Democrats .
Last week , while Mr. Obama was addressing Senate Democrats at their annual policy retreat , Sen .
Blanche Lincoln of Arkansas told the president he needs “ to push back on our own party and look for that common ground that we need to work with Republicans . ”
Minutes later , Sen. Evan Bayh of Indiana asked Mr. Obama to prove that the Democratic Party can be trusted on bringing down the deficit and controlling spending .
Mr. Obama turned both questions into attacks on Republicans , arguing that they want to return to policies that led to the 2008 financial breakdown and are pushing “ to make sure that we continue the tax breaks for wealthiest Americans . ”
On free trade , it ’s Democrats who are pushing the door closed .
“ I am still skeptical when the administration talks about increasing trade without first having a conversation about how to make trade work better for American companies and workers , ” said Rep. Louise M. Slaughter , New York Democrat and chairman of the House Rules Committee .
Rep. David Dreier , California Republican and Mrs. Slaughter ’s counterpart on the Rules Committee , said as he left the chamber after the State of the Union address he asked Mr. Obama ’s economic adviser , Lawrence H. Summers , when they might expect Mr. Obama to push for agreements .
All Mr. Summers would tell him is “ soon , ” Mr. Dreier said .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
Text size
SUNLIGHT , CASHEWS , TEQUILA -- SOME THINGS are very good until too much of them turns them bad .
One of the most chatted - about market drivers of the moment is like that : rising Treasury - bond yields .
The jump in the 10 - year Treasury yield to 3.9 % Thursday prompted , among other things , a front - page Wall Street Journal article ; claims that bonds would soon compete for investor dollars with stocks ; and the airing of fears that the world was finally choking on overabundant U.S. government debt .
Huge Treasury supply is a definite , and ongoing , concern .
But at least part of the weakened appetite for Treasuries is a matter of the fading of those stubborn fears of a " double - dip " in the economy .
Investors ought not to wish for the economic conditions that would cause rates to fall from today 's levels , let 's remember .
In fact , the stock market seems to " want " incrementally higher rates if they come for the favored reasons -- firmer economic activity and waning risk aversion .
And Treasury yields collapsed from the 4 % level now just overhead , as the credit crisis intensified in mid-2008 , implying that something like " normal " markets should be expected to have yields in this range .
Obviously , there is a yield -- and a pace at which it gets there -- where this trend would morph to bad from good .
It 's hard to know what that is in advance , but it 's likely a good bit above 4 % .
The concern about bonds " competing " for investor dollars is , at minimum , premature , and perhaps even a non sequitur .
Investors have been gorging on bonds for a couple of years with absolute yields near generational lows .
They seem not to be so finely tuned to the absolute amount of income bonds offer as to their own fear and greed , and the comfort of buying the thing that has looked most attractive in the rear - view mirror .
THE TONE AND CADENCE OF THE market is probably as hard to predict as its direction .
And , indeed , the consensus view coming into 2010 among both bulls and bears that volatility would go higher has been exactly wrong .
Still , there are a few more reasons than usual to think that the coming week could see some jukes and shimmies due to mechanical and calendar influences , as we enter one of those times when the market decides to dance even if most of us can't hear the music .
First come month - and quarter - end , which all else being equal tend to be slightly bullish forces but can generate unanticipated noise .
Then there 's the fact that in much of the country it 's a school - vacation week , with participation thinned by vacationing parent - traders .
And then we have the quirk of Friday 's March employment - data release entering a near - trading vacuum .
The stock markets in the U.S. and most of Europe will be closed for Good Friday .
The U.S. bond market will be open to respond to what is now expected to be the first substantial net increase in jobs since the recession ( probably ) ended .
So , maybe keep at least one eye on the screen this week ?
PERHAPS EXPECTEDLY , THE PARENT COMPANY of the New York Stock Exchange is viewed by a great many investors as , mainly , a stock exchange -- and therefore a competitor in a near - commodity business with thin profit spreads not made up for by sluggish volumes .
As it turns out , NYSE Euronext ( ticker : NYX ) is less than half a pure stock exchange , and is becoming less so each month , as its derivatives exchanges account for a greater share of profits by growing faster and generating higher margins .
Sandler O'Neill analyst Richard Repetto points out that in the second half of 2009 , slightly more than 50 % of operating income was from derivatives , mostly Liffe futures and U.S. - based options markets .
Greater recognition of this improving profit mix , following clearer disclosure from the company , has helped push NYX shares up nearly 30 % since a Feb. 8 low , to 29.15 .
Yet the Street remains a bit skeptical , with only nine of 25 analysts recommending the stock and the valuation still modest .
Applying a premium futures - exchange price / earnings multiple , based on the relevant peer companies , to NYX 's expected 2011 earnings from futures , and a standard cash - equity - exchange value on NYSE earnings , Repetto arrives at a hypothetical sum - of - parts value for the stock above $ 38 .
His formal price target is $ 34 , itself representing a respectable 16 % return .
E-mail : michael.santoli@barrons.com
WASHINGTON
Shon R. Hopwood was not a particularly sophisticated bank robber .
“ We would walk into a bank with firearms , tell people to get down , take the money and run , ” he said the other day , recalling five robberies in rural Nebraska in 1997 and 1998 that yielded some $ 200,000 and more than a decade in federal prison .
Mr. Hopwood spent much of that time in the prison law library , and it turned out he was better at understanding the law than breaking it .
He transformed himself into something rare at the top levels of the American bar , and unheard of behind bars : an accomplished Supreme Court practitioner .
He prepared his first petition for certiorari  a request that the Supreme Court hear a case  for a fellow inmate on a prison typewriter in 2002 .
Since Mr. Hopwood was not a lawyer , the only name on the brief was that of the other prisoner , John Fellers .
The court received 7,209 petitions that year from prisoners and others too poor to pay the filing fee , and it agreed to hear just eight of them .
One was Fellers v. United States .
This post was mentioned on Twitter by fasel : RT @alvar_f : Zugangserschwerungsgesetz aufheben , Internet - Sperren abschaffen !
Offener Brief an #CDU und # CSU : http://tr.im/ScJY
Mehr
THE “ Nixon shock ” is not the name given to President Richard Nixon 's resignation in 1974 amid the Watergate scandal , his bombing of Cambodia during the Vietnam war or his audacious visit to communist China .
It refers instead to a bundle of economic policies unveiled to an unsuspecting world on August 15th 1971 .
The president imposed a freeze on wages and prices for 90 days to break inflation , ended the convertibility of dollars into gold , and slapped a “ surcharge ” or tariff of 10 % on imports .
Nixon is not usually a source of inspiration for left - leaning pundits such as Paul Krugman of the New York Times .
But like 130 congressmen , who this month signed a letter to Timothy Geithner , America 's treasury secretary , he is calling on the White House to emulate Nixon and impose a “ surcharge ” on imports from China .
The tariff is supposed to force China to strengthen its currency , the yuan , against the dollar , just as Nixon 's surcharge prompted America 's trading partners to renegotiate their exchange rates four months later .
Mr Krugman argues that China 's weak yuan is costing America roughly 1.4 m jobs .
Its cheap currency gives its exporters an edge in the American marketplace .
China then squirrels its dollar earnings away in American securities rather than spending them on American goods .
In normal circumstances these asset purchases would lower interest rates , boosting American borrowing and spending .
But America , like other rich countries , is now caught in a “ liquidity trap ” .
Interest rates are as low as they can go .
By saving dollars rather than spending them , China is draining demand from the world economy .
China 's foreign - exchange reserves now total $ 2.4 trillion , of which about 70 % are thought to be in dollars .
In 1971 the central banks of America 's trading partners had amassed a rather smaller hoard , of about $ 40 billion .
But that was enough to buy the gold in Fort Knox three times over , if America upheld its commitment to sell the metal at $ 35 an ounce .
Britain 's request to exchange dollars for gold on August 13th 1971 was the last straw .
“ Although the US government attached no great importance to the gold as such , a run on this gold would have been a sorry spectacle , ” wrote George Shultz and Kenneth Dam , two prominent economic officials in the Nixon administration , in their book “ Economic Policy Beyond the Headlines ” .
On August 15th Nixon , in effect , announced that America was now unwilling to do what it would soon be incapable of doing — converting dollars into gold at the agreed exchange rate .
Messrs Shultz and Dam argue that the import surcharge was intended as “ an attention - getter and a bargaining chip ” .
It allowed John Connally , Nixon 's treasury secretary and a Texan , to stride down the corridors of international finance “ with both guns blazing ” .
In the face of this bravado America 's trading partners duly backed down .
By December they agreed to let the dollar fall ( by a trade - weighted average of 6.5 % ) and the surcharge was removed .
Nixon was able to present the humbling of the dollar as a political victory .
But were Barack Obama to emulate him , would he really enjoy the same result ?
The obvious difference is that in 1971 America was locked into a system of fixed parities .
By pegging to the dollar , a currency was automatically fixed to everything else .
Since July 2008 China has pegged the yuan to the greenback .
But over that period its currency has swung up and down against those of its trading partners and competitors .
On a trade - weighted basis the yuan is back to where it was when the financial crisis started .
Indeed , compared with China 's emerging - market competitors in its big export markets , the yuan is about 12 % more expensive today than it was before the collapse of Lehman Brothers , according to a measure ( the “ third - country ” effective exchange rate ) calculated by the Hong Kong Monetary Authority .
By this indicator China 's currency is about 25 % above its level in 2005 .
The second difference is related to the first .
Because everybody was pegged to the dollar in 1971 , everybody had to pay the surcharge .
Nixon dismayed everyone but discriminated against no one .
China 's critics today , on the other hand , urge Mr Obama to slap a tariff on Chinese goods alone .
This will reduce the demand for Chinese imports , which constitute about 15 % of America 's total .
But there is no guarantee that customers will switch from Chinese goods to American ones instead .
They are more likely to buy from China 's rivals in Asia .
The surcharge may change the composition of America 's trade deficit , without necessarily changing its size .
Nixon goes to China
The Nixon shock holds lessons for China as well as Mr Obama .
Like China today , Germany in the 1960s disavowed any responsibility for the world 's imbalances , insisting that the solution lay with tighter policies in deficit countries rather than looser policies in surplus countries .
( Germany is still singing a version of that song . )
But by holding fast to the dollar , Germany ended up importing America 's laxity .
It could not insulate itself from the loose monetary policy engineered to help Nixon win the 1972 election .
German prices rose by over 5 % in 1971 .
China , too , risks a loss of macroeconomic control if it continues to peg to the dollar .
Its money supply grew by about 35 % in the year to February .
That kind of surge may be a precursor to inflation .
The advocates of a surcharge argue that China will not act unless it is forced to do so .
They point to defensive remarks by Wen Jiabao , China 's prime minister , arguing that the yuan was not undervalued and would remain “ basically stable ” .
But the demise of the Bretton Woods system suggests that official statements can be a poor guide to future policy .
The decision not to revalue is “ final , unequivocal and for eternity ” .
That 's not a Chinese official in 2010 , but a German official in the Nixon era— just five months before the Deutschmark was revalued by 9.3 % .
Ithaca , New York ( CNN ) --
Two suspected cases of suicide on the Cornell University campus have officially been confirmed by the Tompkins County chief medical examiner , bringing the total number of suicides for the academic year to six .
Cornell officials had previously said authorities confirmed four other deaths at the school as suicides .
The medical examiner says his office has been in touch with the families of the latest suicide victims .
" They have all been made aware of the manner of death , " Dr. Howard Socoff told CNN .
The rash of cases has rocked the highly competitive Ivy League school in central New York State .
The most recent suicides came on successive days and prompted the university 's mental health initiatives director , Timothy Marchell , to declare a " public health crisis . "
In February , a freshman jumped off a bridge over one of the area 's well - known gorges .
The body of a sophomore engineering major was found March 11 under similar circumstances .
Police are also searching for a body in another suicide witnessed March 12 .
David Skorton , who became president of Cornell in 2005 , has been praised by counselors for encouraging openness on an issue that many schools try to cover up .
In an e-mail to students on Friday , he encouraged them to use available suicide - prevention resources .
Skorton placed full - page ads in the university newspaper , The Cornell Daily Sun , every day this week , which read , " If you learn anything at Cornell , please learn to ask for help .
It is a sign of wisdom and strength . "
The message may be getting through .
The first sentence of the quote has been written in chalk on one of the bridges where the suicides took place .
The cause of the wave of suicides is unclear , Marchell said .
The national average for school suicides is 7.29 per year for every 100,000 students , said Paula Clayton , medical director of the American Foundation for Suicide Prevention .
That means Cornell , with 19,639 students , should average fewer than two suicides a year .
Cornell had no suicides from 2005 to 2008 , according to Marchell .
And the school has consistently fallen within or below the national average , said Karen Carr , assistant dean of students at Cornell .
The school has been praised by psychologists such as Keith Anderson , chairman of the American College Health Association 's Mental Health Best Practices Task Force , for counseling and prevention programs that confront the issue of student suicide with comprehensive training and understanding .
Cornell responded to a cluster of suicides in the late 1990s with comprehensive training for members of the university community .
Everyone on campus , including janitors , administrators , residential advisers and professors , is trained to look for symptoms of depression .
Freshmen are screened for indicators of psychological disorders , and multiple counseling services are available for students in need .
" I know that they 've been doing a lot of outreach efforts to educate the community .
Cornell is kind of a model in some ways , " said Anderson , a staff psychologist at the Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute , in Troy , New York .
In response to the current wave of suicides , Cornell will " strengthen the capacity of the community to know what to do , " Marchell said .
" They will be showing nonmental health professionals what role they can play and help students and faculty get the kind of support that they need . "
The school also has posted guards to monitor the bridges over the gorges .
On Wednesday , campus clubs such as Cornell Minds Matters took part in a schoolwide event to promote mental health awareness .
CNN 's Cassie Spodak contributed to this report .
Follow the latest on the health care vote and find out what it means for you .
Watch a special live event at 8 p.m. Monday ET on CNN .
( CNN ) --
For decades , health care has sparked controversy in American politics .
In the 14 months since President Obama took the oath of office , the issue has been debated passionately and exhaustively .
With House passage of a sweeping health care bill , CNN.com asked a variety of political and medical experts to comment .
John P. Avlon , a senior political columnist for The Daily Beast and author of " Wingnuts : How the Lunatic Fringe is Hijacking America " :
First , the big picture -- the passage of health care reform is a huge win for President Obama , a goal that has been unsuccessfully pursued by presidents since Teddy Roosevelt .
But while Obama succeeded in gaining the endorsement of the American Medical Association , an influential opponent of previous health care reform efforts , this is unfortunately not a unifying win for the nation .
After a year of heated debate , the American people remain deeply divided on this legislation , and Democrats are looking at a tough re-election fight this fall .
Most major pieces of social legislation in American history -- such as Social Security , Medicaid and welfare reform -- have passed with broad bipartisan support .
The Democrats ' political bet is that rallying the base with a win on liberals ' longtime No. 1 issue will outweigh anger from conservatives and distrust of one - party rule from independent voters .
The reality is that even though the vote is over , the fight over health care reform is not .
Opponents , including the attorneys general of several states , are expected to file lawsuits asking the courts to declare the bill unconstitutional .
The anger of conservative activists has been stirred to fever pitch -- witness the spitting at Rep. Emmanuel Cleaver or slurs directed at Reps.
John Lewis and Barney Frank during Capitol Hill protests Saturday -- and it will not go away any time soon .
At a time when some people feel like losing an election is living under tyranny , the passage of this health care reform bill has taken on significance far beyond the legislation itself .
Most Americans agree there are problems with the current health care system , but despite this diagnosis we cannot agree on a cure .
Sunday 's party - line vote is the latest sign of a divided Washington where concepts like common ground and the common good do n't seem to drive political debates .
This historic win will be followed by even more discord in D.C .
How will health care reform affect you ?
Kevin Pho , a primary care physician in Nashua , New Hampshire , who blogs at KevinMD.com :
With health reform passing the House , a comprehensive overhaul of our health care system draws another step closer .
Coverage will expand to cover nearly 95 percent of legal U.S. residents .
With a recent study showing that patients without health insurance have a shorter life span , coupled with the number of uninsured approaching 50 million in 2010 , that is perhaps the biggest reason to cheer .
But with a critical shortage of primary care providers , these newly insured patients may have nowhere to turn for medical care .
Massachusetts , the only state that offers universal coverage , suffers from some of the worst primary care wait times in the country despite having the highest concentration of doctors nationwide .
Health reform tries to help , mostly by modestly increasing both Medicaid and Medicare payments to primary care clinicians .
But it 's not nearly enough to convince medical students , already grappling with crippling school debt , who continue to gravitate toward lucrative specialty practice .
And what about the current primary care work force , where , according to a study in the Annals of Internal Medicine , more than a quarter of doctors reported being burnt out and 30 percent indicated they would leave the field within five years ?
Health reform gives few solutions to alleviate the bureaucratic obstacles and time pressures that frustrate doctors and impede their relationship with patients .
Finally , the mere $ 50 million allotted to medical malpractice reform does n't help patients hurt by medical mistakes , who are trapped in a dysfunctional system where one in six receives no financial compensation , the average case takes five years to resolve , and 54 cents of every awarded dollar go to pay legal fees .
These individuals deserve an improved liability system that more fairly expedites compensation and helps doctors reduce errors and improve patient safety .
Although it 's worth celebrating that the United States is close to joining the rest of the industrialized world in providing near - universal health coverage , the health reform conversation must continue -- both to improve the plight of injured patients and to ensure that the millions of newly insured have access to quality primary care .
Ed Rollins , CNN senior political contributor , senior presidential fellow at the Kalikow Center for the Study of the American Presidency at Hofstra University and White House political director for President Reagan :
The Democrats did it .
President Obama and Speaker [ Nancy ]
Pelosi battered and cajoled a majority of Democrat House members to pass one of the most far - reaching and expensive entitlement programs in our history .
The speaker said Sunday , " We 're doing this for the American people . "
It would be far more correct if she said we 're doing what we think is best for the American people .
According to polls , most Americans do n't want this plan .
But what we want certainly does n't matter to Pelosi and those " smart Congress people " in Washington who think they know more than we do .
And telling the whole truth would be a new exercise in selling this program .
Never has so much misinformation been spun to the public .
We do n't have to read the 2,000 - page bill to find out the truth .
These are the facts , and they are not debatable .
For those who have health insurance , you are in all probability going to pay more and get less .
The American public is getting a tax increase -- and not just the rich ( $ 200,000 is defined as rich ) .
The so - called " Cadillac " health insurance plans will be taxed , and there are a variety of other taxes on businesses that will undoubtedly be passed on to consumers .
Doctors and hospitals are going to be paid less for services .
Forty - six cents out of every dollar spent on medicine is paid for by you the taxpayers .
Just know you 're going to pay more .
Small and large businesses are going to have to pay more for their employees ' health insurance plans .
And every American is mandated to have health insurance whether we want it or not .
The elderly on Medicare will see their benefits changed dramatically .
The biggest item being used to pay for the new program is more than $ 500 billion in cuts to the Medicare program at a time when 72 million baby boomers become eligible for it in the next decade .
The second biggest move to pay for this is by raising and expanding the Medicare tax .
It is true some Americans will benefit .
By 2014 , according to the Congressional Budget Office , this bill will give 19 million uninsured Americans subsidies averaging $ 6,000 to help pay premiums and other medical charges .
This is in addition to the federal government already picking up the tab for nearly 100 million Americans through Medicare ( the elderly ) and Medicaid ( the poor , disabled and many children ) .
The smart people in D.C. , including the president and the speaker will be long gone ( as well as a bunch of Democrats who will lose in November ) when the debts come due .
But our children and grandchildren will be left with the tab .
Donna Brazile , a CNN contributor , Democratic strategist , vice chair for voter registration and participation at the Democratic National Committee , nationally syndicated columnist and an adjunct professor at Georgetown University :
Sunday night , the House passed a historic bill to reform our nation 's health care system .
This is a bill with ideas from both major political parties that will provide access to quality , affordable health care and reduce the federal budget deficit .
The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office has projected that the bill will reduce the deficit by $ 138 billion in the first decade and will reduce the deficit by as much as $ 1.3 trillion in the second decade .
In addition , the CBO confirms the bill both reins in wasteful spending to extend the solvency of Medicare for almost 10 years and closes the prescription drug " doughnut " hole for seniors .
If my mother were here today , Mom Jean would be proud .
She died at 52 .
She worked every day but could n't afford health insurance .
Her employer did not offer it .
When she became ill , she waited until she could n't wait any longer , then went to the emergency room .
Three days later , she was dead .
Growing up , my mom would tell her nine kids that we could not afford to get sick .
She was right .
We did n't have money for medicine or doctors ' visits , so the only choice was to stay well .
It 's the same " choice " millions of families face : Stay well or else .
But not anymore .
It 's a day Mom Jean would love to have seen .
Thanks to Nancy Pelosi and a majority of Congress , millions of moms and dads will have access to quality , affordable health care for themselves and their children .
An estimated 32 million people will be able to rest comfortably knowing that they are no longer a flu away from foreclosure because they lack health insurance .
All of us can sleep a little better knowing that pre-existing conditions no longer preclude affordable health insurance .
These are major victories .
This was a tough vote and an emotional debate .
We can't let our exhaustion limit our celebration .
We have n't had a major health care reform in nearly 50 years .
What Congress accomplished this week is worth celebrating .
Jennifer Klein , a professor at Yale University who specializes in American history and author of " For All These Rights : Business , Labor , and the Shaping of America 's Public - Private Welfare State " :
Since the end of the Civil War , the great strides in deepening and expanding American citizenship have come from federal government action .
Like the 14th Amendment establishing a principle of equal protection of the law , the 15th and 19th amendments extending the right to vote , the Social Security Act and federal minimum wage , the 1964 Civil Rights Act and 1965 Voting Rights Act , the newly enacted Health Reform Act adds to the rights of American citizenship .
The new bill will not displace private health insurers , hospitals , doctors or other institutions ; it will not overhaul a market - based mode of providing actual medical services .
Its passage , however , is a pivotal political moment like those landmarks that came before , because the federal government has now taken on the responsibility of establishing a national standard for economic security -- regardless of where you work or what state you live in .
Insurers will have to play by national rules .
We can also place this particular reform moment in the tradition of American populism -- that is , the populism that built the People 's Party in the 1890s .
Mainstream media and pundits have been relentlessly characterizing opposition to health care reform as populism , springing from some deep well of American authenticity .
But if we actually take seriously both the discontents and demands of the Populist Party , here 's what we 'd find : a populism of economic grievances that offered a direct critique of concentrated economic power .
They condemned the monopoly control by railroad companies and oil companies that restricted workers ' and farmers ' access to and action within the marketplace and corrupted politics .
And so they turned to the federal government to counter that power .
Populists and the farmer - labor alliance of the 1890s aimed to create a regulatory state to realize economic security .
In the party 's Omaha platform of 1892 , they put it clearly , " We believe that the power of government -- in other words , of the people -- should be expanded ... as rapidly and as far as the good sense of an intelligent people and the teachings of experience shall justify , to the end that oppression , injustice , and poverty shall eventually cease in the land . "
The health care bill is a regulatory bill in this vein ; it is not a social insurance bill like Social Security pensions or Medicare .
It restrains the previously unchecked prerogative of the insurance corporations ( like the railroad companies a century ago ) to rig the market in their favor .
Both employers and insurance companies fought the passage of Social Security , lobbied for special exemptions and floated doomsday scenarios .
Yet once it passed , business corporations quickly adapted .
Indeed , the insurance companies decided Social Security was a tremendous boon to the sale of private insurance .
All of the pivotal liberal reforms have had their imperfections , concessions and constraints .
It often took years of struggle to realize their full promise on the ground in daily life .
So here we go .
Regina E. Herzlinger , the Nancy R. McPherson professor of business administration at Harvard Business School and author of " Who Killed Health Care ? " and a director of a managed care public insurance firm :
The health care legislation laudably expands coverage but its costs , more than $ 900 billion , will put another nail in the coffin of the U.S. economy and open the door to a U.S. government - controlled health care system that gravely injures the sick along the way .
The problem is the absence of control of costs that already cripple U.S. global competitiveness .
As a percentage of gross domestic product , the U.S. spends roughly 70 percent more on health care than other universal coverage nations , yet we cannot point to commensurate superiority in value .
The bill 's cost controls rely primarily on public health insurance marketplaces , labeled exchanges , where private health insurers compete with public insurance .
These initiatives do n't control costs as much as shift them , to other payers , taxpayers and succeeding generations , through deficits , cutbacks and unfunded liabilities .
Ultimately , absent entrepreneurial innovators and competition , they will lead to a single - payer health care system that controls costs by rationing care .
To picture their impact , imagine a government - run automobile dealership that sells cars made by Ford , Kia and other private firms , along with government - manufactured vehicles .
Legislators offer voters generous subsidies , but only if they buy cars in the government - market .
All the cars are virtually identical , designed by the legislature with dubious high - cost features .
Legislators might , for example , cater to lobbyists from companies that make heated seats by requiring them in every car .
( Remember that the health care legislation was strongly supported by the hospitals and the American Medical Association , which will surely want something in return . )
Nevertheless , the price of the high - cost government manufactured cars could be artificially reduced by passing some of their costs to future generations through unfunded deficits .
Private competitors that cannot resort to deficit financing will thus be driven out of business .
Ultimately , high - cost cars and absence of entrepreneurs and competition will skyrocket costs and force government to ration cars .
Although government rationing can squeeze out some inefficiency , it is hardly benign or equitable :
The single - payer UK national health system , for example , has the lowest adoption of cancer drugs among the biggest five European economies and correspondingly low cancer survival rates .
Many of the UK's affluent buy private insurance to avoid government stringency , such as those in other European government - controlled systems .
Of course , we must reform health care .
But the present bill will inevitably increase costs , further weakening our economy .
Tragically , although it will expand insurance coverage , it will ultimately result in rationed medical care for its beneficiaries .
Matt Welch , editor in chief of Reason :
The sky wo n't fall .
It almost never does .
Some might argue that 's part of the problem .
Those on my exceedingly narrow ledge of this debate -- against both " Obamacare " and George W. Bush 's huge 2003 Medicare expansion , in favor of individual choice in all human endeavors , and genuinely alarmed at the lousy long - term consequences of Bush / Obama bailout economics -- are indulging in a bit of " RIP USA " rhetoric after this monumentally expensive lurch still further in the direction of Washington centrism .
But the perhaps less satisfying reality is that we will continue muddling along , doubling the wager while decreasing the odds that private sector innovation will keep on producing enough surplus cash to pay for public sector mistakes .
Our new health care system will certainly be much more expensive than shamelessly advertised .
Some people happy with their current health plan will wake up one day to see that it no longer exists .
But there will be no telegenic apocalypse , no collapse of the public finances .
Instead , there will be a daily drip of deterioration , sporadically rupturing into crises and even bankruptcies on the state and local level , followed by more federal bailouts and a steady establishmentarian drumbeat of hiking taxes to cover " structural " budget deficits .
Will citizens keep tolerating a political class that devours ever - greater resources while producing ever - crappier results ?
As long as government has a guaranteed revenue stream and a captive consumer base , split between two unprincipled parties who collude against would - be competitors , they may not have a choice .
Dr. Manoj Jain , a Memphis , Tennessee - based infectious disease physician , adjunct assistant professor at Rollins School of Public Health at Emory University and medical director at Tennessee 's Quality Improvement Organizations :
Last week , I saw a 55 - year - old truck driver who pleaded with me to discharge him from the hospital even though his face and scalp still bore clear signs of an active staph infection .
For a decade he has had recurrent staph infections exacerbated by diabetes -- yet could not afford insulin or a doctor because he lacked medical insurance .
Now he begs me to let him leave , so that he will not go bankrupt from his medical bills .
I turn to his wife who says , " I am lucky .
I have metastatic breast cancer , and I am covered by Medicare . "
One of every 10 patients I see do not have health insurance .
I see the uninsured patients , but then make up for my losses by increasing my charges to all my patients .
The cycle continues : Insurers increase premiums , choking small businesses that then drop health coverage for their employees , leading more uninsured to come to my practice .
Not providing insurance is not free ; the annual health care expenditure for an uninsured adult is $ 1,800 , according to a Kaiser Foundation study in 2004 .
And there is a downside to having nearly 50 million uninsured people in America .
I look them in the eye , and I know this for a fact .
They will die sooner .
In my opinion , lack of health insurance is a chronic illness .
The burden of this disease is most apparent among people between the ages of 54 to 65 .
A 2004 Health Affairs study found that lack of insurance accounts for 13,000 lives lost per year , making lack of insurance the third leading cause of death for this group , after heart disease and cancer .
If we do nothing to address this problem , by 2015 lack of insurance will account for 30,000 deaths annually in just this age group .
In all fairness the present health system provides some care for the uninsured .
President Bush was technically accurate when he said in July 2007 , " People have access to health care in America .
After all , you just go to an emergency room . "
But the distinction between an acute illness -- the kind that sends you to the emergency room -- and chronic disease is artificial .
For example , each year , diabetes , a chronic disease , causes 20,000 Americans to go blind , 45,000 Americans to have kidney failure and 45,000 Americans to lose a limb .
Lack of health insurance is the same -- a chronic illness causing recurrent acute illnesses .
I want to lean over and shake my uninsured patients and scream , " Be a Rosa Parks .
Demand health care as a right -- just as others before you have marched for civil rights and human rights . "
The uninsured have become second - class citizens .
Nearly 30 million of them , who are the working poor , are unable to afford health insurance , and there is no one to unite them and voice their concerns .
The Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. was not silent about people 's right to health care .
" Of all the forms of inequality , " he said , " injustice in health care is the most shocking and inhumane . "
He was speaking , I believe , of both acute care and chronic care .
Vance Harris , a primary care physician in Redding , California :
The votes have been counted but , in reality , there is no clear winner .
What is clear -- our health care system is terminally ill .
Bold leadership is needed to redirect precious resources .
Unfortunately bold leadership is just as scarce as precious resources .
There will be no new access to health care if we do not have physicians to provide it .
We must reverse the trend that sees thousands of physicians leaving primary care .
Bold leadership is needed to get the brightest minds back into one of the most challenging and demanding roles .
We need motivated empowered physicians with a passion for health and the ability to care for a whole landscape of disease .
We must treat decisively when possible , not just shuffle everyone down the road to a specialist .
Give us five more minutes with patients to deal with a second or even a third problem so they do n't access the system twice .
Give us five minutes of straight talk about the impact of lifestyle on their health .
Without this , I default back to putting out fires and I write another prescription .
We need " Health " Reform not just Sickness Access Reform .
We are not a healthy nation .
Our indulgent lifestyle of overeating and under exercising is rapidly filling the beds needed for treating disease we can't prevent .
This is exactly why we have a " Sickness Care " system .
However , having the resources to treat sickness is dependent on true health care .
Our battle cry must be health , not health care reform .
Seek out physicians who understand the value of health .
Unfortunately , we do not have many of those doctors left .
Who is going to take care of us when they are all gone ?
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the authors .
Neptune ’s Pride is an in - development slow - form browser - based strategy game from Iron Helmet games , currently in open beta .
You can play it now .
Over a period of a month or so , we did just that , with intriguing consequences .
We ’ve joined forces with PC Gamer ( who are also posting this diary here ) to bring you the full story of what happened …
Neptune ’s Pride is , in its current state , a simple space - strategy game .
The aim is to conquer just 50 % of the stars in the galaxy , rounded up .
Each planet can be upgraded in economics , industry or science .
Economics gives you money to spend on more stuff .
Each level of Industry will churn out a number of space - ships every day .
The total amount of science in the empire determines how quickly you can improve your ships in one of four categories – weapons , ship - speed , scanner range and jump - range .
In other words , simple space - conquering .
The twist is the aforementioned “ slow - form ” .
For ships to go from one place to another can take literally hours .
The idea being , you drop in a couple of times a day , give orders , and go and do something else .
The something else rapidly becomes “ desperate scheming ” .
It ’s in Beta now .
It ’s developing constantly .
It has changed considerably since this game was played .
The combatants were …
Phill Cameron aka Poisoned Sponge , Rock Paper Shotgun Affiliate
Tom Francis , PC Gamer
Kieron Gillen , Rock Paper Shotgun
Hentzau , FREELANCE SOLDIER OF FORTUNE .
Chris Pelling , Inventive Dingo Games
Quinns , Rock Paper Shotgun Affiliate
Jim Rossignol , Rock Paper Shotgun
Graham Smith , PC Gamer
And here ’s a rough map of where they were at the start of this war .
Worth noting , all maps – with one exception have been re-created after the fact and should only be used for vague illustrative value .
Kieron : I did n’t have a clue .
While I ’d quickly rounded up people to join a game , I did n’t have time to actually read any of the rules .
The game started on Friday , I believe , so the opening weekend was me flying without anything other than my base strategy skills to guide me .
Economy ?
Sounds useful .
Industry appears to make ships … yes , some of that .
He who has the best science tends to win , so I ’ll take that .
And what to research ?
Weapons , as I do n’t really get what the other stuff is for , and bigger guns are generally SEXY .
All the sexy comes from the barrel of the gun , to quote Communism ’s Mr Sexy Mao .
And what to do with my ships ?
Well , just send them off .
As quickly as possible , claiming as many planets as possible .
I mean , territory grab is paramount in all these sort of games .
These are all fair assumptions .
They pretty much immediately screw me .
Chris Pelling / Crispy :
My initial thought processes were much the same as Kieron ’s , but with less care and attention and more “ ooh shiny shiny clicky clicky ! ”
I , too , sent out a wave of spaceships to do some early game land - grabbing .
Unfortunately , I was hampered by two immediate problems .
In Civilization II , there is a unit called the trireme .
It ’s the weakest ship , the first one in the tech tree .
While its stats are truly pathetic , its main weakness is that it must end turn adjacent to land , or risk sinking .
Since it can only move 3 spaces per turn , this severely limits its range .
It ’s often nigh - impossible to leave your starting continent until your historical boffins figure out the whole “ sailing ” thing properly .
Although it ’s been years since I played Civ II , the Trireme Legacy haunts me still .
You see , one of the technology categories Neptune takes such pride in is jump range , which governs the maximum distance that can be crossed by a single hyperspace jump .
Jumps can only be made directly between star systems – and immediately Galactic North of my starting area was a vast empty gulf , containing no star systems .
A gulf I therefore could n’t cross without first upgrading my jump range .
I set my space boffins to work immediately , but in the meantime , there might as well have been a gigantic Space Wall blocking me off from expanding towards Graham .
Expansion to the “ east ” and “ south ” was more open , geographically speaking , but would quickly cause me to run into Sponge ’s and Kieron ’s territory , respectively .
Expansion to the west was possible , but not without first veering southwards , leaving me with a large front to defend against Kieron .
Yes folks , starting in the middle sucks !
This is not to say that the starting layout screwed me entirely .
I could still have done okay had I not forgotten to log in for a while .
Forget playing to win ; I was n’t even playing !
When I finally awoke , the entire galaxy had already been colonised .
Although I now had the tech to penetrate the Space Wall , I could n’t actually do it without declaring war on Graham , who had taken advantage of my limited range / intelligence / attention span to annex everything to the Space Wall ’s north .
Oops .
So I focused on improving the star systems I had managed to grab , established alliances with my northern and eastern neighbours ( Graham and Sponge ) , and engaged in some minor skirmishes with Kieron , who I figured would be an easier target than the others since he was surrounded by other players on all sides .
Clearly , I am a tactical space genius .
Sponge / Phill : I ’d like to say how I ’m one of those simple and elegant RTS players , but I ’m not .
I ’d love to be one of those grand chess masters who can think a dozen moves ahead , predicting all my opponents moves before even they can think of them .
Problem is , I ’m not much one for strategy games in general .
I can just about handle the tactics of organising a squad to flank a position or set up a pincer movement , but the more complicated nuance required to handle an entire empire of galactic proportions is mostly beyond me .
So I ’ve got a very simple concept when dealing with this sort of game ; I stick as many grimy fingers in as many delicious pies as I possibly can .
And in Neptune ’s Pride , pies are people .
So , first things first ; I survey the map .
I ’m surrounded by four different people , at least three of which I know enjoy , and are good at , this sort of game .
So I pick the two I expect to betray me the least , Jim and Graham , and leave Kieron to smoulder in his own filth .
Then , looking further afar , Hentzau is the geologically furthest from me on the map , so my greatest natural ally .
Quinns and Tom are similarly far away , kept from attacking me by a tricolour of Kieron , Crispy and Jim .
So basically , I need to get chummy with everyone I ’m not intending to invade .
This is made even simpler by there being four different types of technology to research .
If I can rope three other people into helping me out , we can literally cover all the bases .
And if I ’m the only one they know of , I can be the only one with all of that tech , and I can dole it out to who I see fit .
Basically , I ’m planning to win through wealth of ideas , rather than overly aggressive tactics .
If I ’m the one with all the tech , everyone wants to be my friend , right ?
I ’m pretty sure that ’s how it works .
So that means investing in science , and then economy .
If I do that , I get more money tomorrow to spend on industry and all the tools of war , just in case one of my chums decides that my ever so delicate shade of light blue is best served decorating their wall rather than their battlemaps .
This also means I need a hell of a lot more stars than the poxy amount you get to start with .
Messages to potential allies sent , I shift out my ships , picking the biggest stars , because I like them chunky .
( It may or may not also be the fact that the bigger the star , the more resources it offers , and thus the cheaper it is to build on them .
I ’m just glad that my intergalactic persuasions happen to coincide with sound tactical nous . )
Hentzau :
My first reaction to Neptune ’s Pride is one of slight bafflement .
This is space strategy stripped down to its most rudimentary bare - bones – only four areas you can research , only three types of colony improvement , ship construction is entirely automated , and ships themselves are abstractly represented by a single number telling you how many you ’ve got in a given fleet .
That ’s all there is in the way of empire - building .
It ’s clear that the meat of this game is supposed to be in the ship movement and inter - player diplomacy , and so my first course of action is take a look at who the most immediate threats to my budding empire are going to be so that I can perhaps convince them to not smash my face in .
Neptune ’s Pride has given me what looks like an excellent starting position .
I ’m pressed up against the edge of the galaxy ; to the west of my empire lies empty void .
Everything interesting is to the east of my empire ; specifically , my borders with the only two neighbours I ’ve actually got to deal with in this game .
One is Pentadact , otherwise known as PCG ’s Tom Francis .
I duly send him a message saying that it would be terribly nice if we could just be friends .
The other , though … the other is Quinns ; henceforth to be referred to as That Bastard Quinns .
Readers of the Solium Infernum game diaries will understand that I ’m still nursing a slight grudge against That Bastard Quinns , and so he does n’t get any space - olive branches delivered by space - dove .
I ’ll bide my time , build up my forces , and then annihilate him .
Or at least that ’s the plan .
I ’m hampered somewhat by my utter ignorance of all of the game mechanics .
The sensible thing to do would be to find some sort of manual and learn about them , since forewarned is forearmed .
Naturally I decide instead that it would be an excellent idea to just wing it .
Other 4 x games place great emphasis on technological development , so I assume that ’s going to be a good place to start and build a new science facility on my homeworld .
Unfortunately this turns out to be the worst possible thing I could have done ; the cost of improvements scales up depending on how many of that type you ’ve previously built , and the homeworld comes with two science facilities as standard .
I had two planets with no facilities where I could have built the thing for half the cost .
To add insult to this self - inflicted injury , science facilities are about ten times as costly as the other types of improvement , meaning that building one on my homeworld has wiped out my entire starting budget .
Bugger .
My fleets set out and start grabbing other planets for me .
They ’re a pretty anaemic bunch , sadly – the cost of improvements also scales depending on how many resources a planet has , and the explorers are turning up a series of dustballs with resource levels as high as “ 0 ” and “ 1 ” – so the future of my industry is not looking bright .
I get no reply to the message I sent to Pentadact , but the inevitable snubbed feeling is assuaged by some communication with Poisoned Sponge , who is waaaaay over there on the other side of the galaxy .
It seems that since there ’s four different players separating us he feels that we ’re not going to be threatening each other for a little while , and so we ’re in the ideal position to do a little tech trading .
I like this idea and expand the initial one - off transfer into a coordinated technology pact ; I do ship speed upgrades , Sponge does everything else , and we exchange these technologies more - or - less freely .
With the diplomacy system having at least borne some small amount of fruit I concentrate on expansion for the next few days .
The few worlds to the north are gobbled up quickly .
Pentadact is n’t moving his fleets , so I take the opportunity to snatch some of the planets near to him out from under his nose .
However , That Bastard Quinns and I are both expanding into the area southeast of my homeworld .
It ’s only a matter of time before our scout fleets run into each other .
And when that happens ?
It ’s not going to be pretty .
Kieron :
My fuck up was over - expansion .
I grabbed stuff with no idea about whether I could defend it , quietly hoping that just owning a planet would give it some base defences .
But no , only ships count .
This means that my spread out forces , when they actually contact the opposition , pretty much dissipate .
It ’s Sponge which causes the initial problems .
He just expands directly in my direction rather than any of the other ones .
Crispy , to my north , is also nibbling .
I suspect Quinns will inevitably come in , and it ’s only the distance from Jim ’s empire which makes me think he ’s not going to bother .
Simple mass dynamics mean that I ’m going to be chewed apart .
At this point , I have no idea actually how the combat works .
If I ’m going to play a defensive war , I ’m going to have to learn to play .
And I ’m going to play a defensive war , as I make extremely clear to Sponge .
After he ’s claimed a few planets I got , we talk about a ceasefire .
I stress that he ’s never keeping those two planets , and I ’d ruin my empire rather than give them to him .
This is only mildly hyperbole for the sake of diplomacy .
If he keeps these planets , any fleet stationed there would be within striking range of the heart of my empire – with the high production planets without whom I ’d be more screwed than I already was .
He was n’t keeping them , as it would be game over .
It was game over anyway , really .
Survival was only my secondary objective at this point .
My primary one was making sure Sponge got his face sliced for his unreasonable expansion .
Thought for the day : Sponge is a right fucker .
Of course , there ’s some stuff I do n’t know …
Sponge / Phill : Whoops .
One of the more fun parts of playing a new strategy game , at least one that ’s a slow - burner like this , is getting to know the game .
When I first started , I was incredibly excited by the fact that , before a hyperspace jump , your fleet has to engage in a thirty minute ‘ pre ’ jump .
Spooling up the engines , or some such .
At the time I just thought it was an interesting moment of attempted fidelity in the game , and thought nothing less of it .
Now I know different .
You see , that pre-jump is there so that you can change your mind .
It ’s thirty minutes because that ’s just about enough time for even the most idiot of idiots to re-evaluate their decision and pick a better course .
The reason you ’re given this grace period is because once you ’re in hyperspace , that ’s it .
You ’re the bullet fired from the gun , unable to be rescinded or reasoned with .
Once you ’ve had the stars whiz past your windscreen and everything ’s turned into a blur of pixels and vacuum , there ’s nothing you can do .
I explain all this because it ’s the seed that sows the beginnings of a very difficult situation .
You see , I headed brashly into Kieron ’s territory , thinking I wanted a deep border right near him so that I can pump ships directly up his nostrils when the time came .
But naturally , this being early in the game , he was expanding outwards .
And outwards means the star I just fired a fleet at .
So I pop him a mail explaining how my race of fish - bowl wearing reptilians were vastly superior in almost every way to his terrifying looking thorn monsters , and therefore he should just be glad I ’m taking a star he had n’t quite taken yet , rather than one of his homestars .
I fluffed my gills and pumped up my chest , and he laughed .
Mentioned something about destroying himself to destroy me , and how I was some sort of insignificant smudge on the vast screens that adorned his battleships .
Basically , we were at an impasse .
So I cleared my throat and mentioned how I could n’t move my ships away from the course they were on , and I was just hoping to scare him off with some big words .
Everything went a bit cordial , we had some tea , and figured out that if I withdrew as soon as I took the star , everything would be rosy .
And I ’m sure things would ’ve been peachy between us from here on in , except I was n’t about to let him rebuff me quite that easily .
So I moved my ships up after taking the star , attempting to create a border .
He did n’t like that .
Graham : Patrick Swayze had it wrong : being in the corner is fantastic .
Born in the northern - east quadrant of the map , my purple armies were free to expand without any grab - happy neighbours getting in my way .
My nearest space - neighbour was Crispy , who I made sure to immediately turn into a space - friend .
I did n’t really understand how the game worked , but I figured delaying our inevitable battle would work in my favour .
At the same time , I made an alliance with Jim , promising that together we would crush all that lay between us : Crispy , Kieron , and Poisoned Sponge .
In the meantime , I mostly pumped my funds into Economy and building fleets .
In the early game , I had twice as many fleets as anyone else , though only an equal number of actual ships .
This allowed me to quickly gather my nearby unclaimed planets , and put me comfortably in second place .
Jim : I was in the corner too , which proved useful because I really was n’t paying attention for the first three or four days , and had n’t even really worked out what the various resources were for .
It ’s was only when Kieron sent me the link for the combat tutorial that I realised I was doing it all wrong .
This is absolutely one of those games that I assumed I understood from a cursory glance , but actually would n’t really understand until I began talking to people .
Talking to people !
In a game !
What will these boffins come up with next ?
However , as things unfold it becomes clear that I ’m going to start checking this game four or five times a day .
Just to be sure .
Just to know .
Just to check .
Quinns
My goodness !
Listen to these guys whinge .
“ Being in the middle is so bad ! ” “ I was up against the side , which of course sucks . ”
“ My star systems were in space , leading to all kinds of problems . ”
Let me offer you something more upbeat , namely the story of how I ended up blasting off into an early lead despite being assigned leadership of a race with a face like a toilet brush .
The fact that developing your systems gets exponentially more expensive the more you build on them meant I clearly needed to start by grabbing as many systems as possible .
Also , since none of my neighbours would be in fightin’ range of me for at least 48 hours I chose to spend all of my starting cash on increasing the Economy of my systems as opposed to their ship - creating Industry stat , meaning I earned even more cash the next day , which again I chose to plough back into my economy .
By day 4 I was the cigar - chomping baron of the Galaxy and still shunting most of my insane income back into my economy .
This was the easy stuff .
The need for delicacy began when there were no more unclaimed stars for me to take and I was left with three neighbours - red Kieron to the right , Burgundy Tom above me , and lime - green Hentzau to the left .
With my broad swathe of territory and monstrous economy I was a force to be reckoned with , but by no means a goliath .
My planets were producing space - bourbon and space - flatpacked furniture , not fleets .
I ’d be able to happily crush perhaps one of my opponents , but taking on two at once would see my territory ( and space - bourbon ) being torn from my hands .
So began the anti-Kieron alliance .
I got in touch with Jim and Sponge , the players beneath and to the right of Kieron , and proposed we all invade him at once while exchanging our technological advances .
We all get a safe chunk of extra territory , enough tech to keep us in the game and the removal of one of our opponents .
Everybody wins !
Except Kieron , who gets spanked .
At least that was what I told Jim and Sponge .
In practice , I had no intention of invading Kieron .
See , at this stage of the game neither Jim or Sponge had decent enough scanning tech to see that I would n’t be invading Kieron .
Instead , after Jim and Sponge invaded I got in touch with the poor , paralyzed Kieron , and happily proposed and signed a non-aggression pact with him .
Through this series of plays I locked down my rightmost border , allowing me to turn my attention to Tom above me and Hentzau to my left .
Fortunately for me , Tom sucks .
He forgot to log in for several days after the game began and as a result his holdings are pathetic compared to the rest of us .
I send a quick mail assuring him I ’ll obliterate his people if he makes a move on me , making sure not to give so much of a whiff of the truth : it does n’t matter I have four times his territory , I ’m still afraid of his fleets .
If Hentzau and him attacked me together they might just crush me .
So I ’m bluffing , really .
Making out in my communication with Tom that I ’m only worried about him slowing down my inevitable conquest and that he should sit tight if he wants to live .
With that , I begin shifting my fleets left , my eyes set on Hentzau ’s territory .
It should n’t be that hard to quickly strip him of his systems .
Right ?
… right ?
Seriously , J.J. ?
I mean , that WAS the best movie I ’ve seen since “ The Dark Knight , ” but c’mon dude .
I was squinty eyed through the whole thing .
I wo n’t even bother gushing about “ Star Trek ” here since I already did that for 30 minutes driving home from the movie with my wife and for another hour or so on HE Podcast # 54 .
Download or listen to that episode [ MILD SPOILER ALERT !!!]
HERE [ link as soon as it ’s posted ] if you want to get my , Josh and Eli ’s takes on the movie , which was phantastic with a “ PH . ”
Also with a jizzducing with a “ J.J. ”
The constant lens flaring did n’t even really bother me .
Oddly enough it fit with the visual style of the film .
It was certainly overused but somehow appropriate .
Josh swears he saw the Tribble on Scotty ’s desk .
I missed it , but I will be looking for it ( and listening since he also says you can hear its trademark “ cooing ” ) during my inevitable 2nd viewing .
FB Lindor has introduced me to the concept of the “ Vulcan High Five , ” in which you :
Stand facing another person , both do the Vulcan salute , proceed to high - five whilst your fingers are still in the V .
I support this form of self expression and suggest you adopt it post haste .
I also think it would make a good shirt .
Sat ,
03/06/2010 - 12:02 — Dr. Barnett
No. : 73
A contradictory investment climate exists because the Fed is feeding Wall Street with so much money .
Hedge funds and investment banks do n’t care that short - term Treasuries pay next to nothing .
They buy Treasuries as collateral in up - leveraging speculative plays , especially in commodities .
Wall Street elites expect to recoup the losses of 2008 as well as to grasp massive new profits , even if major indexes top out short of their former highs later this year or next year .
A continuing rally gives Wall Street elites an elevated platform from which to go short when the U.S. economic sovereignty crisis ripens .
Additionally , the rally works to dilute the portion of total capital held by the general public — a public that is skeptical of the stock market because it has its eyes on Main Street conditions .
Wall Street is not on Main Street ’s track .
It does n’t have to provide good value or quality service to America .
Among the things it needs most ( for now ) is for the U.S. government to keep churning out more Treasuries — a point that economic analysts have largely missed .
Government debt instruments ( as collateral ) are useful to market manipulators in supporting bid pressure on stocks , thus keeping the bull trend alive .
Furthermore , the ownership of government securities provides those with massive holdings the prospect of ‘ blackmailing ’ the U.S. Treasury during a debt crisis — the holders pushing for government fiscal policy concessions as a condition of debt holders purchasing new debt when their securities mature .
Ironically , increasing federal debt is not yet crimping the recovery ( although it will eventually ) .
Currently , the new debt is fueling the recovery by expanding the availability of the world ’s most highly regarded interest bearing securities ( U.S. Treasuries ) .
In many instances these securities are leveraged by mega-speculators to expand the portion of the total money supply that exists within the financial sector .
Thus , the financial sector ’s fiat money gets inflated for capital gains ( and power over corporate affairs ) while leaving the CPI relatively unscathed .
This helps explain , in part , why overall U.S. employment is recovering so slowly .
The money supply has been bifurcated into two tracks for Wall Street ’s advantage .
How Elites Manipulate The Market
In view of the coming sovereignty crisis , the stock market would not be valued so optimistically were it not for the fact that hedge funds have a powerful vested interest in this rally .
Each additional 1 % that stock indices advance translates into much larger gains for hedge funds that bought heavily after reversing their short positions in March 2009 .
For example , many stocks that were $ 20 then are $ 50 now .
Since a current 5 % index gain may translate into a 10 % price increase in key stocks , a 10 % additional move on a key stock may provide an additional 25 % gain on the initial investment ( i.e. , $ 5 on top of $ 20 in this illustration ) .
Mutual fund investors who enter in a tardy fashion accept substantial risks for the prospect of modest gains .
But small gains on the indices from here can mean huge gains for those who switched from short to long a year ago .
( Indeed , the Wall Street switch gave the Fed a new incentive to enlarge easy money policy . )
The “ game ” is as dishonest as anything the human mind can devise .
Hedge funds that reversed their short positions in March 2009 need only put bid pressure on a small percentage of common shares outstanding — just the 1 - 5 % available for sale at any given time .
By maintaining bid pressure on , say , 2 % of the outstanding shares , the “ value ” of the other 98 % can be manipulated upward .
New money is created on paper through the power of leveraged bidding .
Manipulators need only a future temporary wave of public excitement about recovery or GDP growth to exploit the general public and cash in on the bogus stock valuations .
When mutual fund investors finally decide in mass to increase the proportion of their retirement savings in stocks — essentially exchanging hard earned money for the stock market ’s “ monopoly ” money — the current phase of the money coup is complete .
Wall Street intelligentsia will reverse their positions again , equity markets will decline , and the U.S. will reach for international bailout money on unfavorable terms .
Wall Street 's “ Monetary Policy ” As Bad As Fed And Congress
It is irksome how some people prattle on about the need for hard currency while saying next to nothing about the need to create a hard value stock market — a market where “ gains ” come in the form of fairly distributed income from earnings rather than stock price movements .
What good is it to advocate an end to the fractional banking system ( as some do ) while leaving Wall Street with a capital structure that incorporates a similar ability to create money out of thin air ?
Granted , Wall Street must con the public to buy high and sell low in order to make its money creation system work effectively .
Interestingly , contrarian theory says that Wall Street is quite adept at this game .
The modern Fed creates money from nothing for banking elites , thus frustrating hard money advocates and small business populists from the times of Thomas Jefferson and Andrew Jackson until now .
Fed officials are guilty of unsustainable redistributive monetary policy just as the welfare state is guilty of unsustainable redistributive fiscal policy .
So how is Wall Street any less guilty of unsustainable redistributive policy than the Fed or the Congress ?
Wall Street pumps up the paper value of stocks to set the stage for disequilibrium cycles .
Once the widespread expectation of further price momentum has passed , a new cycle of winners and losers is created quite independently of the ability of Corporate America to generate profits .
The question must not be dodged .
How is it any less redistributive for Wall Street to create money out of the blue — to inflate its segment of the money supply — than for the Fed or the Congress to do it ?
Many conservatives object to Obama - care as a plan for wealth redistribution to Democratic constituencies — partisan government borrowing money internationally for the disproportionate benefit of its supporters .
Yet , many of these same individuals smiled upon the strategy when the Bush administration borrowed from the Chinese in support of economic policy that worked for the benefit of big oil and the military - industrial complex .
Why America Is At Such Risk Now
The simple fact is that America bleeds from wounds created by monetary redistribution , fiscal redistribution and Wall Street redistribution .
Whatever side gains political power uses that power to plunder those out of power .
It matters greatly to America ’s future that the broad middle class has not found a way to defend its interests adequately against Wall Street elites , health care elites , military elites , corporate executives and politicians who cater to special interest entitlement groups .
The developing American crisis is a tragedy of the commons .
In our current two party system legislators have been led to believe they cannot stay in office by looking out for the broad , sustainable national interest .
Unless they leverage benefits to one partisan group by exploiting other groups less well positioned , they lose office and power .
Wall Street plays the same game :
It increases its income and gains beyond what is fair or sustainable by predation upon all who are not its preferred clients .
All of this spells disaster as the fruits of recklessness ripen .
There was a time when quality religion was a check upon such excesses and leadership duplicity .
Max Weber ( 1864-1920 ) , the famous German social scientist , argued for rational economics .
He viewed the religious movements of post -Reformation Protestantism as essential to capitalism in their advocacy of an ascetic and Spartan use of time and capital resources .
Unfortunately , we ’ve lost much of that understanding .
We value growth for growth ’s sake , regardless of waste or impact upon sustainability , because growth is essential to a Ponzi stock market and to a state that gains power through redistributive entitlements .
Because we cannot afford such manic growth endlessly — especially debt growth — our system necessarily implodes in years to come .
The eventual implosion , while fearsomely dreadful in many dimensions , becomes the necessary catalyst to usher in a better age .
Still Reason To Hope For A Better Future
Honey can come from the lion ’s carcass .
We ’ll eventually learn enough from our challenges to build a better world — a world not built for us by the globalists who helped steer the current calamities so that they might elevate their powers in the context of world weakness .
The day will come when people will no longer be manipulated by governments through the fear of terrorism .
Global elites will likely gain further power for a time but will not become the great masters of the new age .
The fullness of their hegemony will be short - lived .
A wounded world will come to understand the deceits by which it was misled .
( Assistance may come through the moral awakening of some elites who find the courage to defect from elitist interests and work for the common good . )
A new age of understanding will blossom .
Healthy culture will make it possible for natural genius to bear better fruit .
( Enough with weapons of mass destruction ! )
The scourge of ignorance will retreat .
A grand time for living will unfold .
In sum , this is no time for despair .
The age of hope follows the day of reckoning .
Use your capital , wits , civic virtues and spiritual vitality for the good of family , friends , neighbors , communities and humanity .
The remnant of people who survive the coming tragedies will someday enjoy fuller fruits of goodness under the tutelage of God Almighty .
God ’s wisdom will fill the earth .
People will know it for themselves .
[ Update : It seems I made my point very badly .
Please read this follow - up post where I try to explain what I was asking ] .
Whoah !
Hold on everyone .
Let me don my asbestos suit first will you .
Thanks .
Right then .
I have been thinking about this post for some time and I think the time is probably right for pressing the old “ publish ” button .
I am not trying to incite riots or wars in the halls of residence or corridors of power but Canonical / Ubuntu is starting to catch more “ bad karma ” than is healthy for it IMHO .
Let ’s start with Mono .
Yep .
It ’s been a prickly thorn for many and the concerns expressed are not going away .
There ’s no point in raking over the old ground ; it is just one of the bad - karma attractants in a growing list .
Then we have Ubuntu One .
Proprietary , closed , caused much debate and friction when announced and now the possibility of a Windows version too .
Next comes dumping GIMP , OOo and other much - loved applications from the default installation of versions of the forthcoming distribution .
Then the discussion about what closed / proprietary applications should be made available in the Ubuntu repositories .
Then we have the change of the default search engine from Google to Microsoft Yahoo .
Yahoo .
Then Matt Asay joins as COO which should be , and probably is , good news .
Matt is well known , respected and experienced , yet some of his prodigious public commentary tugs at the heartstrings of many a Freedom Fighter .
I do n’t really want to comment on the individual points above ; the point is that this list is growing …
I really like Ubuntu .
I use it everywhere , I help in the Ubuntu - uk irc channel when I can and we [ our company ] promote Ubuntu to our customers and I [ as an individual ] to friends and family .
What concerns me is not any particular item in the list above : some I care about , others I do not ; as I am sure many of you will do too .
It is the increasing volume of criticism and vitriol as a whole .
It is getting louder .
This , I believe , is indicative of a turning tide that , if we are not careful , will result in Ubuntu losing popularity and more of the FOSS community exercising it ’s freedom .
I ’m pretty thick - skinned ( I think I will need to be with this post ! ) so if you think I am barking up the wrong tree , or just plain barking , then say so .
But I am noticing increasing criticism and anti-Ubuntu rhetoric which is not just because it is becoming more popular , although that is certainly one factor .
Something is changing and I am not sure it is for the good of Ubuntu or our community .
Tags : Canonical , Gimp , Matt Asay , Mono , OpenOffice.org , Ubuntu , Ubuntu One
ONE of the world 's largest drug gangs is headed by a stunning lingerie model .
The Sun reported an international arrest warrant has been issued for 30 - year - old Angie Sanselmente Valencia , who insisted members of her all - female empire were " unsuspicious , beautiful angels " .
Investigators told The Sun how the beauty pageant winner quit modeling and left her native Colombia for Argentina to set up the empire last year .
Angie Sanselmente Valencia in model mode
It is believed she split from a Mexican drug baron dubbed " The Monster " in a bid to rival his empire .
Her " angels " were paid £ 1300 ( $ 2250 ) to board flights from Colombia to Cancun , Mexico , with bags of cocaine every 24 hours .
They were then trafficked to Europe .
Valencia - crowned Colombia 's " Queen of Coffee " in 2000 - is thought to be on the run in Argentina or Mexico after the scam was blown , apparently by a leak to police in Buenos Aires .
Read more about the lingerie model drug baron at The Sun
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Openly gay people should be allowed to serve in the US military , the country 's top commander has said .
Adm Mike Mullen told a Senate hearing into a ban on openly gay personnel that allowing them to serve was " the right thing to do " .
He said there were practical difficulties in repealing the so - called " do n't ask , do n't tell " policy , but that the military could handle it .
President Barack Obama has pledged to repeal the ban .
Adm Mullen , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , stressed he was " speaking for myself and myself only " .
" No matter how I look at this issue , I can not escape being troubled by the fact that we have in place a policy which forces young men and women to lie about who they are in order to defend their fellow citizens . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
He told the Senate Armed Services Committee the issue " comes down to integrity , theirs as individuals and ours as an institution " .
His comments echo Mr Obama 's State of the Union address last week , in which the president said : " This year , I will work with Congress and our military to finally repeal the law that denies gay Americans the right to serve the country they love because of who they are .
It 's the right thing to do . "
Legal compromise Appearing before the same Senate panel , defence secretary Robert Gates announced a year - long policy review .
His chief legal adviser , Jeh Johnson , and Gen Carter Ham , who heads US army forces in Europe , will lead the review into how to go about lifting the ban on openly gay military personnel .
Has this policy been ideal ?
No , it has not .
But it has been effective
Senator John McCain
Senate Armed Services Committee
Viewpoint : Gay US airman Mr Gates said : " The question before us is not whether the military prepares to make this change , but how we best prepare for it .
" We received our orders from the commander - in - chief and we are moving out accordingly . "
Under the law passed by Congress in 1993 , engaging in homosexual conduct - even if the person concerned does not tell anyone - can be enough to qualify a person for dismissal .
It was introduced as a compromise between then - President Bill Clinton 's desire totally to lift the ban , and concerns from Congress and the military that lifting it would be disruptive .
Adm Mullen said he believed fellow service members " can and would accommodate such a change " to the policy .
He added that he had learned never to " underestimate their ability to adapt " .
Senator John McCain , the top Republican on the committee , said he was " deeply disappointed " about the review , saying it was " clearly biased " because it presumed the law should be changed .
" Has this policy been ideal ?
No , it has not , " he said .
" But it has been effective . "
Recent figures from the Pentagon show that 428 service members were dismissed for being openly gay in 2009 , down from 619 dismissed in 2008 .
The number is by far the lowest since 1997 , when 997 service members were dismissed .
Overall , more than 10,900 troops have been dismissed under the policy .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
That was the phrase that got my attention .
I was talking to an exec at a 1999 new media company … one of those anchor tenants on the web , a big content website .
She said something that , in retrospect was obvious , but so shocking it made me sit up straight .
" Google does n’t help us at all .
It would be great if they went away . "
It ’s so easy to count on search , depend on search and assume for search that most people do n’t realize how the dynamic has changed .
If you ’ve got a portal or a big store of content , Google is , probably , not built into your DNA .
If there ’s no search engine and you need a recipe or a pot , you visit cooking .com and they find you the best match on their site .
And it goes beyond web companies .
If there ’s no search engine and you need to buy coffee , you go to Starbucks.com , right ?
Leaders in every field had no reason to invent for search … it ’s not good for them .
In fact , most market leaders still have web sites , not web pages .
A website is a place , a sticky collection / connection of web pages with a search field .
A website is a place you want people to " check back often and see what ’s new " and where people are either in or out .
I ’ve gotten a bunch of invitations to feature my RSS feed on other people ’s sites lately .
At first , it feels a little weird … my content on your site .
But then , once I get past issues re endorsement etc. , it makes perfect sense .
Because search and RSS have exploded the web .
( Tip to David Weinberger , twice in one day ) .
It ’s no longer an organic web filled with organisms or even a molecular one .
It ’s atomic .
Each page on its own , each RSS drip its own entity .
The punchline is that you can wish all you want , it ’s not going to make search go away .
Wishing is not much of a business strategy , and the realists among us will probably focus on three things :
turn your website inside out as fast as you can .
That means RSS everywhere –in and out .
And it means encouraging your readers to flip the funnel .
continue integrating your pages into your site , but prepared to do a better job of integrating your pages into the web .
remember that every single page is now a landing page .
" First time here ? " is going to be answered yes more often than not in an atomic world .
What has n’t changed is an imperative to get active , explicit permission from one - time visitors to have an ongoing dialogue .
A dialogue that is anticipated , personal and relevant , and that leads to turning those strangers into friends … so that one day , they become customers .
