Happy Canada Day !
Many of our viewers are from Canada and I ’m sure you ’ll love this song by Classified .
Have fun , and do n’t get too wasted today .
“ The red and white flag , keep it high , keep it visual
People say Canada and get stereotypical
Think we finish every sentence with “ buddy ” or “ bye ”
And if it ai n’t that , it ’s either “ dude , ” “ eh , ” or “ guy ”
Canadaka eh , yeah we ’re considerate people
And smokin marijuana , we consider it legal ”
Check out this Apple produced video profiling a number of big name iPhone developers talking about how great the iPhone platform is and how the iPhone SDK makes their job a whole lot easier .
It ’s pretty entertaining , and there are a few not so veiled jabs at Android if you ’re into that sorta thing .
Some of the featured developers / development companies include Illusion Labs ( of Labyrinth and TouchGrind HD fame ) , Theodore Gray ( the man behind Elements ) , and Tom Conrad of Pandora .
Some highlights :
“ I feel like I was born to create apps ” – Nicholas Callaway
“ It ’s really evident in Apple ’s APIs , and the developer tools , that you ’re working with something really mature , not something that was invented two years ago . ” – Tim Conrad
“ We ’ve actually spent some time working with other platforms .
It ’s a night and day difference .
They ’re more difficult for the user , they do n’t have the power or the tools available .
They do n’t have the distribution network .
They do n’t have the standards , both in hardware or software . ” – Calvin Carter of Bottle Rocket Apps
“ We ’ve been trying for about 18 months before the app store had launched to figure out Pandora and mobile .
We tried it on all different kind of phones , and we just had never really got the formula right .
The morning we turned it on and we started watching the activations come in , we had more people listening on the iPhone by noon than we had accumulated in the previous years . ”
– Tim Conrad
And our personal favorite :
“ I have these hundreds of things in my office that are fascinating , and you do n’t .
What can I do about that ?
The iPad is a device on which the practical implementation of magic books is entirely possible ” – Theodore Gray
A machete - wielding porn performer went on a rampage at a Van Nuys production facility , killing one of his former co-stars and badly wounding two other men , Los Angeles police investigators said Wednesday .
Police said the assailant , porn actor Stephen Clancy Hill , was last seen driving a blue Toyota RAV4 .
The attack was reported around 10:20 p.m. Tuesday at Ultima DVD Inc. , a video distribution business where Hill did production work and apparently lived , police said .
Police said they are investigating whether Hill was angry with his colleagues after learning that he was being fired and evicted .
Homicide Det. Joel Price said
Hill attacked one man in a back room of the business with a machete - style weapon .
Two colleagues heard loud screams and rushed to the man ’s aid .
Hill turned on them and swung the weapon repeatedly , cutting and gashing both men , police said .
All three victims were rushed to Northridge Hospital Medical Center , where one was pronounced dead .
The other two were treated .
The man slashed to death was described as a 30 - year - old Canoga Park resident .
Authorities have not released his name , but the victim appears to have performed in numerous adult films , including at least two with the suspect .
A Glendale - based production firm issued a statement on Twitter saying the victim had starred in its movies .
An employee at the office confirmed the Twitter post to The Times .
Late Wednesday , police were searching for Hill , who fled in the Toyota RAV4 with license plate 5YTC423 .
Hill performed in adult films under the name Steve Driver .
Sources familiar with the investigation but not authorized to speak publicly said Hill had a history of violence that included a 1999 assault - with - a - firearm conviction for threatening to kill one of his college instructors for not giving him an A .
Hill , of Riverdale , Md. , allegedly told the University of Maryland instructor that he was “ a mobster and would dismember the instructor ’s body if he did n’t get the grade , ” according to a 1999 story in the Washington Post .
andrew.blankstein@latimes.com
Most people in the parking lot stopped to stare .
If the sisters were aware that all eyes were on them , they gave no signs .
In the supermarket , they ignored the curious glances in the produce section , the startled double takes by the baked goods and the scowls near the cereal .
They glided along the aisles , stopping to compare prices on spaghetti sauce .
Two Hispanic children gasped and ran behind their mother .
“ Why are they dressed that way ? ” the girl asked her mother in Spanish .
“ Islam , ” the woman said , also telling the child that the women were from Saudi Arabia .
Hebah , who is from Tennessee , smiled at the girl , but all that could be seen of her face were the lines around the eyes that signaled a grin .
After nearly a decade under the veil , she and her sister know full well that they are a source of fascination — and many other reactions — to those around them .
Hebah said she has been kicked off planes by nervous flight attendants and shouted down in a Wal - Mart by angry shoppers who called her a terrorist .
Her sister was threatened by a stranger in a picnic area who claimed he had killed a woman in Afghanistan “ who looked just like ” her .
When she joined the Curves gym near her home in Edgewood , N.M. , some members threatened to quit .
“ They said Islamists were taking over , ” Ms. Ahmed said .
Her choice to become so identifiably Muslim even rattled her parents , immigrants from Egypt .
“ I was more surprised than anything , ” said her father , Mohamed Ahmed , who lives in Houston with her mother , Mervat Ahmed .
He said he raised his daughters with a deep sense of pride about their Muslim background , but nevertheless did not expect them to wear a hijab , a head scarf , let alone a niqab .
JUNE 2-- A Virginia man allegedly killed a kitten after the animal somehow disconnected a video game while he was playing it Monday night , police charge .
Bruce Walston , 21 , is facing an animal cruelty charge for allegedly killing his girlfriend 's black kitten by throwing it against a wall in their apartment , according to this Staunton Police Department report .
Walston was arrested after his girlfriend , Bessie Hess , called cops about the incident , which occurred in front of her children .
Walston told cops that he was ' arguing with Bessie over the cats disconnecting his video game at which time he picked up the kitten and threw it against the wall . '
When police arrived at the couple 's home , the dead pet ' was laying on the front porch . '
Walston , pictured in the mug shot at right , was charged with animal cruelty and disorderly conduct , both misdemeanors .
He was booked into the Middle River Regional Jail , where he is being held without bond .
( 2 pages )
Image caption
The bug affects well - established Windows XP operating system
Hi-tech criminals are " escalating " attacks on an unpatched bug in the Windows XP help and support system .
Microsoft said it had seen more than 10,000 machines hit by the attack that , so far , it has not found a fix for .
Windows PCs falling victim will have control of that machine handed over to attackers .
Microsoft said the attacks had gone from theoretical to real very quickly and urged users to take steps to protect themselves .
' Nightmare ' attack
Microsoft revealed the upturn in attacks in a blog post saying that it had been monitoring activity around the loophole since it was first revealed on 10 June .
Found by Google engineer Travis Ormandy , the loophole revolves around the Help and Support system built into XP .
Mr Ormandy found that it was possible to exploit its ability to give remote aid and apply fixes to ailing machines .
Initially , said Microsoft , it only saw " innocuous " attacks by researchers attempting to replicate what Mr Ormandy had found .
Real exploits turned up on 15 June and these have been enthusiastically adopted by hi-tech criminals .
Writing on the Microsoft Security Centre blog , Holly Stewart said it had started seeing " seemingly - automated , randomly - generated " web pages that host the exploit .
A variety of trojans , spam tools and viruses are being downloaded to compromised machines , she said .
Rik Ferguson , senior security researcher at Trend Micro , said : " It 's certainly very serious and is now being actively exploited by what appears to be several different groups as you can see from the multiple payloads being delivered . "
Carole Thierault , senior security consultant at Sophos , said attacks like this were a " nightmare " to defend against if people did not regularly update or use anti-virus .
Statistics gathered by Microsoft suggest Portugal was taking the brunt of the attacks but users in Russia and Croatia were also being hit .
More than 10,000 machines had been hit at least once by the attack , it found .
To avoid falling victim , Microsoft advised users to turn off the part of the Help and Support system that is vulnerable .
It has produced an automated tool that can do this for users .
Mr Ferguson from Trend Micro said there were other steps users could take to stay safe .
" It is important to ensure that your security software is capable of identifying and blocking malicious websites , " he said , " as you can be sure that the criminals behind this will be constantly updating their malicious files to try and avoid traditional security . "
Microsoft said it was working on a lasting fix for the loophole .
I 'm not a big sports aficionado .
However , I 'm compelled by virtue of living in Boston to care about baseball , and I just finished reading Moneyball , which is all about baseball statistics .
One thing about baseball I definitely appreciate is that there are lots of published statistics , because lots of statistics means nice big public data sets available for my relational database querying pleasure .
Let 's use baseball statistics as an excuse to learn more about query planners ( or use query planners as an excuse to learn more about baseball , if that 's how you roll ) :
I tend to use Postgres in my day - to - day data processing , so that 's what I 'm using here .
My data set is from baseball1.com , Sean Lahman 's insanely comprehensive baseball statistics archive , specifically the batting and salaries tables from Version 5.7 ( 1871-2009 ) .
Batting
For starters , how many people have hit a baseball , professionally ?
How many people have hit home runs ?
How many people have hit a lot of home runs ( what does ' a lot ' mean in this context ) ?
I have no idea ...
We can get this information from the batting table .
This is also an opportunity to look at what the Postgres query planner thinks about how to conduct read queries on a single table .
To give the query planner some choices , we 'll create an index on the number of home runs .
baseball# CREATE INDEX bhomers ON batting USING btree ( homeruns ) ;
Postgres is nice enough to give us a number of indexing options .
In this case we 're using a B - tree , which is like a binary tree 's shorter , fatter cousin : each node can have many children , within a range , and it 's self - balancing , so the tree can have few levels and minimize the number of expensive lookups to get to a value .
Let 's get a count on everyone who 's been at bat since 1871 :
baseball= # EXPLAIN ANALYZE SELECT COUNT( DISTINCT ( playerid ) ) FROM batting ; QUERY PLAN -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Aggregate ( cost=2609.83..2609.84 rows=1 width=9 ) ( actual time =852.611..852.612 rows=1 loops=1 ) ->
Seq Scan on batting ( cost=0.00..2378.06 rows=92706 width=9 ) ( actual time=0.020..27.904 rows=92706 loops=1 )
Total runtime : 852.718 ms ( 3 rows ) baseball= # SELECT COUNT ( DISTINCT ( playerid ) ) FROM batting ; count ------- 17256 ( 1 row )
Cost is measured in estimated disk page fetches .
The first cost number is the estimated start - up cost .
Actions like pre-sorting would be bucketed under start up costs ; for this simple query we have a startup cost of 0.00 for the sequential scan on the table .
The second cost number is the estimated total cost , or the total number of disk page fetches for this query , in this case 2378.06 for the sequential scan .
There are 92706 tuples in the table , so 92706/2378.06 ≈ 40 tuples per 4 KB disk page on this machine .
The " actual time " numbers are in milliseconds .
For bonus fun , frob some of the planner cost constants and see how that affects queries .
We can get the size of the table by itself and the size of the table along with any auxiliary data structures using something like :
baseball= # SELECT pg_size_pretty ( pg_relation_size ( ' batting ' ) )
As table_size , pg_size_pretty ( pg_total_relation_size ( ' batting ' ) )
AS table_plus_aux_size ; table_size | table_plus_aux_size
------------+--------------------- 11 MB | 15 MB ( 1 row )
So on this sequential scan we 're working through 11 MB of data in 27.904 milliseconds .
This looks like a sequential read rate of ( 11 MB / 27.904 ms ) x ( 1000 ms / 1 sec ) = 409 MB / sec , which would be amazing on this low - end machine , but all queries in this post were run several times and results reflect the benefit of a warm cache ( and that 's a story for another post ! ) .
We have to go through every tuple in the batting table to get the count , so it makes sense that we 're doing a full sequential scan .
One disk seek and a big sequential read are going to be cheaper than the disk seeks incurred for random - access reads if we try to take advantage of any of the auxiliary data structures for this table .
Okay , cool , over 17,000 people have been at bat since 1871 .
But how many have hit homers -- more than one , so it 's not a fluke .
Let 's increase the selectivity by adding a condition ( the WHERE clause ) on homeruns , the column on which we 've created an index :
baseball= # EXPLAIN ANALYZE SELECT COUNT( DISTINCT ( playerid ) ) FROM batting WHERE homeruns >
1 ; QUERY PLAN
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Aggregate ( cost=2379.50..2379.51 rows=1 width=9 ) ( actual time =218.128..218.128 rows=1 loops=1 ) ->
Bitmap Heap Scan on batting ( cost=516.91..2310.90 rows=27439 width=9 ) ( actual time =8.241..19.220 rows=26953 loops=1 ) Recheck Cond : ( homeruns > 1 ) -> Bitmap Index Scan on bhomers ( cost=0.00..510.05 rows=27439 width=0 ) ( actual time =7.735..7.735 rows=26953 loops=1 ) Index Cond : ( homeruns > 1 ) Total runtime : 218.248 ms ( 6 rows ) baseball= # SELECT COUNT ( DISTINCT ( playerid ) ) FROM batting WHERE homeruns > 1 ; count ------- 5231 ( 1 row )
5231/17256 = 30 % of batters have hit home runs .
Nice !
The " actual time " rows value is 26953 , so 26953 tuples , or 26953/92706 = 29 % of the rows in the table , matched the homeruns condition .
The query planner has been maintaining statistics on the data distributions in this table and guessed that 27439 would match the condition , which is pretty close .
This is apparently selective enough to switch us over to using bitmaps .
In the bitmap index scan , we traverse the bhomer index B - tree to create an in - memory mapping of homeruns to rowids that match the condition ( homeruns > 1 ) .
We then create a bitmap for the rowids , setting a bit if that row appeared in the mapping .
This lets us scan for the matching tuples in the table ( aka the " heap " , hence " bitmap heap scan " ) in on - disk order , minimizing disk seeks and the number of pages that have to be fetched into memory .
Let 's bump up the selectivity even more and see what it takes to be a real home run juggernaut :
baseball= # EXPLAIN ANALYZE SELECT COUNT( DISTINCT ( playerid ) ) FROM batting WHERE homeruns > 52 ; QUERY PLAN
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Aggregate ( cost=376.42..376.43 rows=1 width=9 ) ( actual time=0.550..0.550 rows=1 loops=1 ) ->
Index Scan using bhomers on batting ( cost=0.00..376.11 rows=124 width=9 ) ( actual time=0.055..0.431 rows=23 loops=1 ) Index Cond : ( homeruns > 52 ) Total runtime : 0.640 ms ( 4 rows ) baseball= # SELECT COUNT ( DISTINCT ( playerid ) ) FROM batting WHERE homeruns > 52 ; count ------- 15 ( 1 row )
This query returned 15 players , meaning more than 52 home runs in one season puts you in the top .1 % of all home run hitters .
This high degree of selectivity has also switched us over to an index scan .
This time , we 're fetching in the order of the bhomer index .
It can mean more disk seeks and page fetches to get the matching tuples , but the query is so selective that the extra jumping around is less costly than the sorting that would be required for a bitmap heap scan .
( For the baseball cave - dwellers like myself , Barry Bonds still has the most home runs in a single season , at 73 )
Salaries
For reads on a single table , the query planner had to decide between sequential , bitmap heap , and index scans .
What happens if we throw a second table into the mix with a join ?
First , for fun more indices :
baseball= # CREATE INDEX brbis ON batting USING btree ( rbis ) ; baseball= # CREATE INDEX ssal ON salaries USING btree ( salary ) ;
And here 's a join across batting and salaries that will get us information on players making lots of money who have n't completely failed to generate some RBIs in a given season :
baseball= # explain analyze select b.playerid from batting b , salaries s where b.playerid = s.playerid and b.yearid = s.yearid and s.salary > 30000000 and b.rbis > 10 ; QUERY PLAN
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Hash Join ( cost=11.71..2984.29 rows=1 width=9 ) ( actual time =51.087..51.129 rows=1 loops=1 ) Hash Cond : ( ( ( b.playerid ) : : text = ( s.playerid ) : : text ) AND ( b.yearid = s.yearid ) ) ->
Seq Scan on batting b ( cost=0.00..2609.82 rows=36275 width=13 ) ( actual time=0.025..42.779 rows=33921 loops=1 ) Filter : ( rbis > 10 ) -> Hash ( cost=11.68..11.68 rows=2 width=13 ) ( actual time=0.038..0.038 rows=1 loops=1 ) ->
Index Scan using ssal on salaries s ( cost=0.00 ..11.68 rows=2 width=13 ) ( actual time=0.031..0.033 rows=1 loops=1 ) Index Cond : ( salary > 30000000 : : double precision )
Total runtime : 51.231 ms ( 8 rows )
Postgres thinks the smartest thing to do is an index scan on ssal because of the high salary selectivity and a sequential scan on rbis because of the low RBI selectivity .
Then do a hash join on the two tables and spit out the rows matching the filters for a snappy runtime of 51 milliseconds .
What happens if we take away the query planner 's ability to use a hash join ?
baseball= # set enable_hashjoin to false ; SET baseball= # explain analyze select b.playerid from batting b , salaries s where b.playerid = s.playerid and b.yearid = s.yearid and s.salary > 30000000 and b.rbis > 10 ; QUERY PLAN
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Nested Loop ( cost=2824.10..5005.53 rows=1 width=9 ) ( actual time =71.004..71.075 rows=1 loops=1 ) Join Filter : ( ( ( b.playerid ) : : text = ( s.playerid ) : : text ) AND ( b.yearid = s.yearid ) ) ->
Index Scan using ssal on salaries s ( cost=0.00 ..11.68 rows=2 width=13 ) ( actual time=0.039..0.048 rows=1 loops=1 ) Index Cond : ( salary > 30000000 : : double precision ) -> Materialize ( cost=2824.10..3364.85 rows=36275 width=13 ) ( actual time=0.026..63.490 rows=33921 loops=1 ) ->
Seq Scan on batting b ( cost=0.00..2609.82 rows=36275 width=13 ) ( actual time=0.018..44.113 rows=33921 loops=1 ) Filter : ( rbis > 10 ) Total runtime : 71.518 ms ( 8 rows )
Without a hash join at its disposal , the query planner opts for a nested loops join .
In a nested loops join , we 're basically doing :
for every row in salaries : for every row in batting : keep based on the join filter ?
The materialize is like a cache of the filtered results of the inner loop , so it does n't have to be reevaluated after the first iteration through the outer loop .
Even if it looks inefficient , it turns out that this method is n't that much slower than a hash join .
Let 's hamstring it further by disabling nested loops joins too :
baseball= # set enable_nestloop to false ; SET baseball= # explain analyze select b.playerid from batting b , salaries s where b.playerid = s.playerid and b.yearid = s.yearid and s.salary > 30000000 and b.rbis > 10 ; QUERY PLAN
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Merge Join ( cost=5991.77..6263.62 rows=1 width=9 ) ( actual time=374.931..374.935 rows=1 loops=1 ) Merge Cond : ( ( ( b.playerid ) : : text = ( s.playerid ) : : text ) AND ( b.yearid = s.yearid ) ) -> Sort ( cost=5980.06..6070.74 rows=36275 width=13 ) ( actual time=343.304..365.986 rows=26055 loops=1 ) Sort Key : b.playerid , b.yearid Sort Method : external merge Disk : 1056 kB -> Seq Scan on batting b ( cost=0.00..2609.82 rows=36275 width=13 ) ( actual time=0.025..76.286 rows=33921 loops=1 ) Filter : ( rbis > 10 ) -> Sort ( cost=11.69..11.69 rows=2 width=13 ) ( actual time=0.083..0.084 rows=1 loops=1 ) Sort Key : s.playerid , s.yearid Sort Method : quicksort Memory : 25 kB -> Index Scan using ssal on salaries s ( cost=0.00 ..11.68 rows=2 width=13 ) ( actual time=0.045..0.046 rows=1 loops=1 ) Index Cond : ( salary > 30000000 : : double precision )
Total runtime : 375.410 ms ( 13 rows )
Ouch .
A merge join , our worst option , not only looks grossly over - complicated but is 7 times slower than the original hash join .
The tuples returned from the filter on salaries are small enough to fit in memory , and so we get away with an in - memory quicksort there that is wicked fast , but there are so many RBI tuples that we 're forced to do a merge sort on disk , incurring 343.3 milliseconds , over 90 % of the query time in disk seeks , page fetches , and writes .
There are even more ways to influence the query planner .
Bottom of the 9th
Well , I do n't know about you , but I 'm glad there 's a query planner making all these choices for me .
I 'm ready to head over to Fenway , dump beer on Yankees fans , and pretend to be a sabermetrician Anyone have a MySQL or Oracle instance handy ?
How do their query plans compare for these queries ?
~jesstess
Over at the publication famous for ( among other impressive accomplishments ) having a political columnist write about licking doorknobs at Gary Bauer 's campaign headquarters , Gabriel Winant uses the Rand Paul / Civil Rights
Act controversy as a teaching moment about the irredeemable immaturity of libertarianism .
Sample :
It 's not just that he screwed up and said something stupid because he 's so committed to a purist fancy .
No , it 's worse than that .
Libertarianism itself is what 's stupid here , not just Paul .
We should stop tip - toeing around this belief system like its adherents are the noble last remnants of a dying breed , still clinging to their ancient , proud ways .
Now , to be clear , before continuing : there are legions of brilliant individual libertarians .
[ Dave ]
Weigel himself , for example , is a great writer and reporter , and a true master of Twitter .
We 've never met , but by all accounts , he 's also very much a stand - up fellow .
But brilliant , decent people can think silly things .
And that 's what 's going on here .
It 's time to stop taking libertarianism seriously . [ … ]
Think about the New Deal .
Although libertarian ingrates will never admit it , without the reforms of the 1930s , there might not be private property left for them to complain about the government infringing on .
Not many capitalist democracies could survive 25 percent unemployment , and it does n't just happen by good luck . [… ]
The government did n't just help make the " free market " in the first place — although it did do that .
It 's also constantly busy trimming around the edges , maintaining the thing , keeping it healthy .
The state can think ahead and balance competing interests in a way that no single company can . [ … ]
The libertarian who insists that the state has no place beyond basic night - watchman duties is like a teenager who , having been given a car , promptly starts demanding the right to stay out all night .
Sometimes , someone else really is looking out for your best interests by saying no .
And that 's why the best rap on libertarians is n't that they 're racist , or selfish .
( Though some of them are those things , and their beliefs encourage both bad behaviors , even if accidentally . )
It 's that they 're thoroughly out of touch with reality .
It 's a worldview that prospers only so long as nobody tries it , and is too unreflective and self - absorbed to realize this .
In other words , it 's bratty .
And that 's bad enough .
As a longtime if lapsed fan of Salon , who I 've both written about and for multiple times over the years ( including a piece in 2005 encouraging then - wilderness Democrats to embrace their inner libertarian , proving once again that no one loves libertarians more–and more shallowly –than the major party out of power ) , I must express my deep chagrin that the Frisco kids have now officially rejected brattiness .
Good luck with that job hunt , Havrilesky !
As for the main argument here –that libertarians and their policy preferences are " out of touch with reality " – the same could be said , at minimum , of Glenn Greenwald 's principled fight against ever - expanding executive power , and Salon 's long - running critique of the War on Drugs .
( Each of those categories of government abuse , by the way , are often defended precisely on grounds that " someone else really is looking out for your best interests by saying no . " )
When reality is unconscionable , and you are an opinion - journalism outfit with principles ( or just a human with a functional spine ) , you tilt at the goddamned windmills , without first vetting it through a reality check .
I will let our commenters take a swing at Winant 's curious grasp of economic history –you really need to read the whole thing to bask in the sophistication .
( Sample sentence : " To summarize very briefly a long and complicated process , we got capitalism in the first place through a long process of flirtation between governments on the one hand , and bankers and merchants on the other , culminating in the Industrial Revolution . " )
Instead , I 'll close with this :
The " worldview " of libertarianism suggested , back in the early 1970s , that if you got the government out of the business of setting all airline ticket prices and composing all in - flight menus , then just maybe Americans who were not rich could soon enjoy air travel .
At the time , people with much more imagination and pull than Gabriel Winant has now dismissed the idea as unrealistic , out - of - touch fantasia .
They were wrong then , they continue to be wrong now about a thousand similar things , and history does not judge them harsh enough .
June 2 , 2010 ( San Francisco ) --
A quick spray of a new drug may help men who suffer from premature ejaculation last nearly six times longer , new research suggests .
The numbers are n't huge .
Men who sprayed the head of their penis with PSD502 five minutes before sex lasted an average of just over three minutes after three months of treatment , compared with just over 30 seconds before .
Nonetheless , doctors like Irwin Goldstein , MD , director of San Diego Sexual Medicine at Alvarado Hospital in San Diego , tell WebMD they 're excited because this is the first time a drug is being rigorously tested for men with really serious premature ejaculation problems .
Up to 30 % of men suffer some degree of premature ejaculation , defined as ejaculation that occurs within one minute of vaginal penetration .
It 's the No. 1 sexual health problem in men .
Premature ejaculation can be devastating for both a man and his partner , triggering anxiety , depression , and relationship problems , says Goldstein , who heard the results presented at the annual meeting of the American Urological Association .
Not all men with premature ejaculation suffer to the same degree as the men in the study , says researcher Ira Sharlip , MD , clinical professor of urology at the University of California , San Francisco .
He consults for Shionogi Pharma Inc. , which makes the spray and funded the work .
" Yet I think a substantial number of [ men with premature ejaculation ] would use it , " he tells WebMD , alternatives being unproven products with names like " Stay Erect " and " Play Longer . "
At the meeting , Sharlip presented the pooled results of two pivotal studies of PSD502 involving 530 men with premature ejaculation .
A total of 358 of the men gave themselves three quick sprays of PSD502 to the head of the penis five minutes before sex and then wiped it off right before penetration .
PSD502 , which contains two common topical painkillers , lidocaine and prilocaine , is " slightly oily , but not objectionably so , " Sharlip says .
The rest of the men used a placebo spray .
All used the product for three months , for a total of 23,000 doses .
Los Angeles hardcore punk quartet ENTRY will perform live for the first time since the ongoing global pandemic began , presenting a livestream set this Sunday .
ENTRY released their riotous debut LP , Detriment , through Southern Lord in July to widespread acclaim from fans and media Read more …
Formula 1 folk do not worry much about “ the real world ” until it lands on their doorstep and they hve to deal with it .
In the recent case of the Icelandic volcano , F1 was ill - prepared for what happened because it was simply assumed that all would be well .
Tensions in the Korean Peninsula have barely been noticed by F1 but it is clear that there is some kind of a threat to the inaugural Korean Grand Prix if the situation gets any worse than it currently is .
Formula 1 commercial rights holder Bernie Ecclestone says that F1 will be there unless there are armies involved and he clearly does not think that it will come to that but the Democratic People ’s Republic of Korea ( North Korea ) is unpredictable at best and the government of the Republic of Korea ( South Korea ) is clearly worried that things could deteriorate .
Matters have not been helped by remarks by a North Korean diplomat in Geneva , which suggest that “ a war may break out at any moment ” .
North Korea claims that South Korea and the United States fabricated the sinking of a South Korean naval vessel called the Cheonan in March , which killed 46 sailors .
Investigations suggested that the ship was sunk by a torpedo fored from a North Korean submarine .
The North Koreans say the Cheonan had nothing to do with them but it is clear that no - one really believes that .
The American Secretary of State Hillary Clinton says that the situation is “ highly precarious ” largely because of the unpredictable nature of its Supreme Leader Kim Jong - Il , who has been in power since the death of his father Kim Il - Sung in 1994 .
The country has the fourth largest army in the world but its economy is weak , 69 - year - old Kim seems to have had health problems and there are question marks about the succession .
It is worth noting that the US is clearly worried about the situation as it has just negotiated a deal to keep open its unpopular military bases in Okinawa because of worries about Korea .
' Superdad ' leaps from balcony into pool to rescue drowning son ... while lifeguards ' stand and watch '
A father saved his drowning son by leaping into a public swimming pool from the spectator gallery as lifeguards watched cluelessly from the side .
Gary Jowett jumped fully clothed into the deep end when he realised no one was taking action to save four - year - old Daniel , who was struggling and going under water during a swimming lesson .
The boy 's instructor set off an emergency alarm when he realised Daniel was in serious trouble , but the two lifeguards failed to jump in to save him .
Seconds later Mr Jowett climbed over a balcony and dropped eight feet to the poolside before diving into the water to grab his son .
Gary Jowett with his four - year - old son , Daniel .
He was forced to save his drowning son by leaping into a public swimming pool from the spectator gallery as lifeguards watched cluelessly from the side
Daniel was taken to hospital , where he was treated for shock and discharged .
Two members of staff at Spenborough pool near Dewsbury , West Yorkshire , have been suspended .
The instructor tried to help Daniel with a pole and threw him a float , but did not get in the water , the boy 's parents said .
Mr Jowett , 38 , an engineer , said : ' I just did what any dad would have done .
Daniel keeps thanking me and hugging me and telling me I 'm the best .
I think it really shook him up .
' I'm glad they have suspended two people , because it is wrong that these people who are supposed to save lives are n't reacting properly in emergencies . '
Daniel and his brother Nathan , seven , gave their father a badge with a picture of a caped superhero and the word ' Superdad ' on it .
Wife Rachel , 37 , said : ' I know he'd have done the same for any child in that position .
He 's our hero .
' Everything just happened so quickly .
One minute he was sitting there with me and the next minute he was hurdling over the wall .
Everything seemed to be happening in slow motion .
' I felt relieved when Gary was in the pool , but then I started to panic because no one helped him while he was in there .
I felt helpless . '
Investigation : Two members of staff at Spenborough Swimming Pool , near Dewsbury , have been suspended following the incident
The incident happened during a lesson with about half a dozen children .
They were swimming from the deep end towards the shallow end when Daniel got into trouble .
He had veered towards the middle of the pool and the instructor shouted at him to go to the side .
Mr Jowett said : ' He offered a pole as a guide to swim towards but it was obvious he was struggling .
He had nothing left in him . '
After throwing a float towards Daniel , the instructor pressed a ' drown button ' that sounded an air raid - style siren .
Seconds later , with the two lifeguards and the instructor - all young men - still apparently undecided about what to do , Mr Jowett intervened .
' I did n't even have time to take my trainers or clothes off , I just jumped into the water with my phone , keys and wallet in my pocket and swam to Daniel who was under the water .
I managed to grab him and push him up above my head .
I then got him to the side of the pool and one of the guys helped pull him out . '
Alasdair Brown , chief executive of pool operators Kirklees Active Leisure , confirmed the two suspensions and said an investigation was underway .
' We apologise wholeheartedly for any upset or distress that this incident has caused those who were involved .
The safety and well - being of our customers is of paramount importance to us .
All our lifeguards are fully qualified , ' he said .
A recent paper by the San Francisco Fed argues that interest rates should now be minus 5 pc under the bank 's " rule of thumb " measure of capacity use and unemployment .
The rate is currently minus 2 pc when QE is factored in .
You could conclude , very crudely , that the Fed must therefore buy another $ 2 trillion of bonds , and even more if Europe 's EMU debacle goes from bad to worse .
I suspect that this hints at the Bernanke view , but it is anathema to hardliners at the Kansas , Richmond , Philadephia , and Dallas Feds .
cnxps.cmd.push(function ( ) { cnxps ( { playerId : '36af7c51-0caf-4741-9824-2c941fc6c17b ' }) .render('4c4d856e0e6f4e3d808bbc1715e132f6 ' ) ; } ) ;
The site where tradition holds Jesus was baptized is in danger of being declared off - limits to pilgrims because of pollution in the Jordan River .
Qasar al - Yahud , a few miles from where the biblical river spills into the Dead Sea , has drawn over 100,000 tourists each year , most of whom are Christian pilgrims who wish to undergo a baptism like their savior did 2,000 years ago -- and in the very same spot .
But drought and irrigation have turned the mighty lower Jordan River into a stagnant stream as it makes it way from the Sea of Galilee .
The brook then swells with raw sewage as it passes nearby Jericho .
Israeli health officials are reportedly considering erecting signs warning : “ Polluted Waters .
Entry Forbidden .
” It is one of Christianity ’s holiest sites .
Venerated as the most likely place where John the Baptist baptized Jesus and declared him the Messiah .
( Matthew , 3 : 13 - 17 ) .
According to the scriptures , this is the site where the heavens opened and a voice from heaven said : “ This is my beloved Son , with whom I am well pleased . ”
Today , the baptism site is located smack in the middle of the international border between Israel and Jordan .
Israel ’s military has designated the location a “ closed military zone ” and visitors from Israel are required to coordinate their entry with the army .
“ Tourists are still able to baptize themselves , but authorities are examining the make up of the water , ” a spokeswoman from the Israeli Ministry of Tourism told The Media Line .
“ At the moment , the ministry is working with the Ministry of Health and the Nature and Parks Authority to ensure that tourists can continue to visit the site . ”
“ It is a very important site , ” she continued .
“ We will do every thing we can to ensure that the water quality allows tourists to visit the site in the manner that they so wish and to enter the waters .
” Neglected for decades , the name of the site is Arabic for “ Castle of the Jews , ” which is also the name of the 5th century monastery .
But since 2007 , Israel has tried to bring Christian tourists ‘ down by the riverside ’ and has invested about $ 2 million to develop the site in order to allow wheelchair accessibility , shade , baptismal decks and other facilities .
Entry is free .
There is a similar site close - by on the Jordanian side , but the west bank side is considered holier since that ’s the side Jesus likely used .
In response to a query from The Media Line , officials from Israel ’s Health Ministry said they have demanded that the Nature and Parks Authority take samples of the baptismal waters for testing , but they have yet to receive the results of these samples .
“ This is a complicated issue which requires discussions on the highest levels by the directors - general of relevant government offices , ” a Health Ministry statement said .
“ Until a final decision is made there will be no change in the directives of the ministry .
” Despite the heath risks , the Nature and Parks Authority continues to move ahead with restoration efforts including plans to open the site to tourists without the need for coordination with the military .
Reporting from the Northern Neck of Virginia
My father ’s family landed in 1942 Los Angeles as if by immaculate conception , unburdened by any past .
Growing up , I knew all about how my mother ’s grandparents came to California from southern France and Sweden .
But my dad ’s side was a mystery .
All I heard were a few stories about my grandfather as a youth in Hannibal , Mo. , how he found a tarantula in a shipment of bananas at his dad ’s corner store , how he and a friend once rode motorcycles out west .
But no one talked about Mozingos further back , or where they came from .
I might never have given the subject any thought except for a strange word : our name .
All my life , people had asked me about it .
I began to look into it , and the more I learned , the more I realized our history had been buried .
My curiosity turned to compulsion .
I had to unearth the truth about our origins and the forces that had obscured them for centuries .
I wanted to know my forebears and feel myself among them , to see if their forgotten personalities and struggles and secrets somehow still lived within us .
I set out last year to learn our story , traveling from the Tidewater of Virginia to the hollows of Kentucky and southeastern Indiana and beyond .
At times , I struggled to absorb what I was finding , and I met Mozingos who were skeptical of it , or ambivalent , or fiercely resistant .
I learned that our early ancestry reflected not so much a quirk of American history as the messy start of it , seeding a furious internal conflict that continues today .
With us , the whole battle was embodied in a family — and a name .
My parents always said they thought “ Mozingo ” was Italian .
But this was offered only as theory .
We were open to suggestions .
One came from an acquaintance who said he found a bunch of Mozingos in a phone book in the Imperial Valley and was told they all were Basque shepherds .
On this authority , we became French Basque .
Next we heard that “ Mozingo ” was an Americanized version of “ Mont Zingeau , ” a mountain in France or maybe Switzerland I could never find on a map .
All of this was beginning to feel a bit dubious when I met Sherrie Mazingo , whose name is a variation of ours .
Sherrie was a broadcast journalism professor at USC when I was a grad student there in 1996 .
She was black — and she had news .
She ’d learned from genealogists at a family reunion in North Carolina that the Mozingos probably descended from a “ Bantu warrior ” from the Congo who became an indentured servant in Virginia in the 1600s .
That would mean that all Mozingos in America — including me , who grew up in Dana Point , the blue - eyed , surfing son of a dentist — had a Bantu last name .
My first reaction was to laugh .
But upon further reflection , it seemed feasible .
Ten or so generations had passed .
Traces of a race could easily disappear in three .
My family took the news as a great lark , while duly noting that my grandmother would roll over in her grave .
My uncle Joe , an information systems manager for the city of Los Angeles , took to regaling his two black secretaries with claims of his Bantu warrior roots .
( He swears they thought it was funny . )
My dad recalled an episode from when he first opened a practice in Tustin with a dentist who had an Italian name .
A black woman showed up at the offices of “ Anthony Mumolo and J.D. Mozingo , DDS . ”
She took one look at my father , asked “ He ’s the dentist ? ” and left in a huff .
A colleague , hearing the story , took to calling them the “ witch doctors . ”
I started poking around on the Internet .
An entry in a genealogy forum noted that the earliest known Mozingo was Edward , a “ Negro man ” freed by the Jamestown court in 1672 after nearly three decades of indentured servitude .
This was the first piece of hard information I ’d seen .
Maybe Sherrie was right :
We came from Africa .
I holed up in the genealogy stacks at the Los Angeles Central Library and the Mormon Family History Center in Westwood .
I paged through books of early immigrants to America , census , tax and court records .
I found the reference to the 1672 ruling — in the “ Minutes of the Council and General Court of Colonial Virginia ” — but little more .
Who was Edward ?
Were we related ?
How does anyone know if he was Bantu ?
I was becoming obsessed .
But there was no time to look further .
I was finishing school and needed to get my career going .
I had to let it go .
Over the ensuing years , little moments kept my curiosity smoldering .
White people who commented about my name assumed it was Italian .
Black people tended not to volunteer opinions until the Miami Herald sent me to cover the instability in Haiti in 2004 .
In that country , with its tenacious African customs and language , I got an invariable response when I introduced myself : “ That ’s an African name . ”
Then I got married , had a son , Blake , and moved back to California .
Rocking
Blake to sleep when he was just learning to talk , I would sometimes say our name , Mo-ZEENG -oe .
He would laugh and sing it back to me .
As the chair creaked on the floorboards , I would think about the children he would have , and their children , and so on , until I faded from memory , and then Blake , and all that would be left was this funny name .
I could n’t leave the mystery to my descendants .
I had to learn the truth .
And so the real journey began .
Tom Mozingo , a retired nuclear power plant operator living in Florida , had researched the name for years .
He once wrote a Mozingo genealogy newsletter and helped start a DNA project to help trace family lines .
He responded quickly to my inquiry with some background on the “ extended family . ”
Part of his e-mail intrigued me : “ I am going to be cautious and try to balance the information I provide to you with . . . the promises I have given to my extended ‘ families ’ concerning their right to privacy .
I will promise you total honesty and if I cannot divulge something , I will tell you so . ”
I respected this but could n’t imagine what private affairs he thought I wanted to expose — unless he meant Edward , the African .
He forwarded my e-mail to Samie Melton in Dallas , a Mozingo by marriage and the keeper of the Mozingo genealogy database .
Melton explained that most — maybe 90 % — of the several thousand Mozingos in America can be traced directly to Edward .
The others can be traced to areas of Virginia where Edward ’s offspring settled and are presumed to be descendants too .
No one has found evidence of other Mozingo lines arriving in America during the 17th , 18th or 19th centuries .
This was actually real .
This buried history was in me .
I felt a rush of anticipation .
Melton asked about my grandfather and then promptly sent me an e-mail tracing my lineage back to the American Revolution .
There were only six generations between me and my oldest confirmed ancestor , Spencer Mozingo , who headed a household in Orange , Va. , in 1782 .
Spencer begat Joe who begat Joe who begat Joe who begat Ira who begat Joe who begat Dave who begat me .
They apparently followed the receding frontier , from Virginia to Kentucky to Indiana to Illinois .
Over the next few days I studied where each person was born , when and where they died .
I groped for ways to make it seem real , to wrap my mind around that gulf of time between Revolutionary Virginia and suburban California .
I saw that Spencer lived long enough to see his grandson , whose own son lived to see my grandfather .
But where did Spencer come from ?
There was no record of his birth .
His parents were unknown .
DNA testing of one of Spencer ’s male descendants did not show a direct paternal connection to Edward .
Nor would my DNA .
Spencer probably was the illegitimate son of one of Edward ’s granddaughters — a Margaret who never married , or another Margaret , whom the sheriff dragged into court for adultery .
But records of women were sparse , so we might never know for sure .
Spencer first showed up in a 1782 census , heading a family of “ six white souls . ”
I found it in the library and , scanning for more Mozingos , came upon a name that had me reeling : Spencer lived near James Madison , the “ father of the Constitution ” and future president of the United States .
There were only 61 households in their census tract .
Of course , maybe their circles did n’t intersect much .
Spencer was a poor , possibly mixed - race farmer on rented land .
Madison had more than 80 slaves and went to the College of New Jersey , which became Princeton .
But seeing that Spencer was even in Madison ’s orbit was a boon for me : Historians had undoubtedly pored over every letter , diary and document relating to him .
Perhaps my progenitor would turn up in one .
On a damp winter morning last year , I crossed the silty breadth of the Rappahannock River as fishermen in low wooden boats hauled up lines in the gloom .
The highway traversed tidal flats and gently lifted into the low clay hills of Virginia ’s Northern Neck .
I pulled into the little brick town of Warsaw , which was called Richmond Courthouse when Edward lived here and won his freedom in 1672 .
The Neck was still wilderness then .
The settlers were at war with Indians from the north and stayed mostly to the shoreline of the Rappahannock .
When peace came shortly thereafter , they pushed into the forested interior , clearing the timber to grow tobacco and widening the Indian trails into crude roads .
They put the tobacco in casks called “ hogsheads ” and rolled them with oxen to warehouses along the river .
Life was miserable .
People starved ; disease was rampant .
The crops were plagued by drought , tobacco worm and tobacco flies .
Most farmers lived in windowless log hovels with dirt floors .
Edward had been a servant to Col. John Walker , a member of the colony ’s legislature .
When Walker died in 1669 , his widow inherited Edward and remarried a powerful Virginian , John Stone .
Edward sued Stone for his freedom .
Little is said about the lawsuit in the court record , only that there was an appeals hearing in the high colonial court , that “ Divers Witnesses ” testified and that the judges concluded “ Edward Mozingo a Negro man ” had served his term after 28 years of indenture .
Edward and his wife , Margaret , and their two children , Edward and John , grew tobacco and raised livestock as tenant farmers on a creek called Pantico Run .
Where Edward came from before his years of servitude can only be inferred from history .
The earliest Africans in Virginia came mostly from the Portuguese port in Angola .
They were prisoners of war , criminals , orphans , slaves , debtors and refugees from famine .
They first arrived in 1619 — in chains , speaking no English and often listed only by first names —
“ Antonio a negro . . .
Mingo a negro . ”
Some were bought as servants , while others were undoubtedly stuck in what amounted to slavery .
The fact that Edward had to sue for his freedom after nearly 28 years suggested his owners viewed him as a slave .
But that he could sue and win showed that blacks , for a brief moment , had rights they would struggle for the next two centuries to regain .
Free blacks got land grants , conducted business and used the courts .
A few grew wealthy and had servants themselves .
They mixed with whites .
“ Not only did many blacks and whites work alongside one another , ” Philip D. Morgan , a history professor at Johns Hopkins University , wrote in his book “ Slave Counterpoint , ” “ but they ate , caroused , smoked , ran away , stole ” and had sex .
Some blacks and whites even married — which undoubtedly explains how many Mozingo lines became “ white ” within a few generations .
Virginia began to formalize slavery in the mid-1600s and outlawed intermarriage in 1691 .
The free blacks and mixed - race offspring became a pariah class .
“ Edward made it in the last gasp , when there was a degree of flexibility in the system , ” Morgan said .
At the courthouse in Warsaw , I found a copy of Edward ’s will and an inventory of his possessions when he died around 1712 .
He had lived to be at least 68 — well beyond the normal life expectancy of the time — and had done quite well for his family .
His tools indicated he was a carpenter and a farmer .
He was better off than most people in that place and time .
His house had two feather beds , two chests , a trunk , three couches , a couple of tables , seven cider casks , a spinning wheel , four “ earthen juggs , ” all sorts of kitchen necessities .
Many items suggested a certain refinement of the upwardly mobile : napkins , table cloths , ceramic dishes instead of wooden , candlesticks , pewter salt containers , a chamber pot and a looking glass .
In the field there were five sheep , a young horse , a mare and a colt , a heifer , two cows and two calves .
He owned two guns , which he bequeathed to his son Edward .
And he had a fiddle , a sure sign that there was more to his life than survival .
I left the courthouse and headed farther west .
The landscape looked neglected , as if humanity was in retreat .
Faded little homes and trailers gave way to fallen farmhouses and gray woods — unmoving skeletons of locust , oak , maple , dogwood .
The road passed fetid old mill ponds and abandoned barns shot through with trees and dead vines .
In a deep hollow , I noticed a house on a hill to the left .
Through the bare trees , a homemade sign next to the driveway said “ Pantico Run . ”
My heart beat faster .
Edward had lived around here somewhere .
His sons leased a nearby grist mill .
I got out and picked my way along the creek .
The ground was a decaying mat of moss and fallen leaves .
Rotten stumps crumpled underfoot .
The creek pooled into a swamp , then sluiced back into a clear channel .
I dug a hand into the cold , sandy soil and studied it .
This was the earth Edward worked every day , the grit he must have scraped from under his fingernails at night .
I hiked farther into the woods , hoping some hunter or property owner would n’t draw a bead on me .
People still made moonshine in these hills .
Dogs barked in the distance .
Where could his cabin have been ?
In 337 years , this land could have cycled between forest and farmland over and over .
The terrain presented no hint , just a forlorn maze of wood .
This was not a rational endeavor .
I was n’t going to find the ruins of Edward ’s cabin , his diary lying among the rotted logs .
But I ’d spent days holed up in small - town courthouses , trying to read faded 17th century script .
I wanted to feel something , to see Edward out in a field or on a porch playing his fiddle .
I wanted to see a ghost .
But I could n’t .
Maybe it was because Edward was black , and I envisioned my ancestors looking like me .
When I summoned my deepest instinct , “ Mozingo ” was still Italian .
I heard the name as I heard friends in elementary school saying it , Joey Mo-ZEENG - oe , with the same inchoate associations I made as a child .
I could n’t connect to what I now knew intellectually .
Reality had the ring of a joke — my Bantu roots .
Labeling can be a potent artifice .
Race does n’t even make sense when you look at it up close , seeing all its gradients and shades .
Where does white end and black begin ?
It is like some Pointillist painting you grasp only at a distance .
So why is this abstraction so knotted up with identity ?
Would I have such a hard time conjuring Edward if he were Hungarian ?
I walked back to the car , disappointed with my stubborn mind .
The next morning , I pulled up to a peeling clapboard farmhouse next to an old tractor collapsed in the dirt .
In some rickety kennels along a great stand of trees , half a dozen hunting dogs clamored to be let out .
Their owner came down the steps of the back stoop .
“ Good to meet another Mozingo , ” he said .
Junior Mozingo was a short , solid man of 66 , pale , with sharp hazel eyes and a broken - veined burl of a nose .
He wore a blue flannel shirt with a crinkled pack of Southern Pride tobacco in the pocket , and a stiff camouflage trucker ’s cap perched high on his head , as if the wind discreetly dropped it there and might soon reclaim it .
Junior invited me in and showed me the heads of deer he and his son Elvis had shot and mounted on the paneled walls .
I asked him if he ever talked to his father or uncle about their background .
“ They did n’t talk about it and we did n’t ask , ” he said .
“ We knew not to ask about our old people back then . ”
His tone suggested an aggressive lack of interest .
Did he wonder about the name ?
“ It ’s Italian , is n’t it ? ” he asked , shrugging .
I had not come to the home of a gun-loving Southerner named Junior to prove that he descended from an African tribesman .
This was not the “ New South . ”
The Obama era felt like some bizarre fever dream out here .
Junior said he had lived here in Richmond County all his life , as had his father , grandmother , great - grandfather and perhaps generations before .
For as far back as anyone knew , the family never amassed any land .
They worked in mills or tilled the depleted red soil on rented patches of land , from childhood to decrepitude , rarely getting more than a step or two above subsistence .
Junior worked 44 years at an elastic plant and still mows lawns to help pay the rent .
Was this the invisible legacy of the pariah class ?
By now I had learned that my line of ancestors was like Junior ’s , rural people struggling to climb out of entrenched poverty .
My great - great - great - grandfather was listed as a “ day laborer ” in Indiana in the 1860 census , as was his son , my great - great grandfather Joe , in the 1900 census in Bloomington , Ill .
In 1920 , nearing 70 , Joe walked the streets , ringing a bell , peddling horseradish from a cart .
When he died in 1937 , he was buried in an unmarked grave , having told his family to chuck him into a ditch .
This was a family that had , by then , been in America for 293 years .
It took the singular phenomenon of mid-century California for my line of Mozingos to break from their desultory path .
Twelve years after my grandfather moved the family to Los Angeles to work as an accountant for Douglas Aircraft during World War II , he owned a 1,400 - square - foot home in Studio City with a great brick barbecue in back .
My father went to UCLA and earned his dental degree , and I grew up in the prosperous suburbs — a world apart from here .
Junior and I stepped back outside .
The fields were brittle with broken stalks of corn .
He told me about the Buck Mozingos , a mysterious clan down the road who all had one green eye , one blue eye and a white streak of hair .
What about black Mozingos ?
“ Never heard that , ” he said .
Had he ever thought that the name might be African ?
His look , with those sharp pupils , was the puzzled stare you might give to someone who , after an hour of conversation , you suddenly realize is insane .
It was as if I ’d asked if he thought we were descended from a tribe of potted ferns .
He said nothing .
I let it go .
I had to get on with my journey .
joe.mozingo@latimes.com
Next :
The cousins and a slave named Mozingo .
Car dealers , at least for now , do n't have to answer to the same regulations , restrictions , and oversight that would apply to nearly every other type of consumer lending .
After the House of Representatives voted to exclude auto loans earlier this week , the Congressional committee negotiating a final version of the financial - regulation bill , together with the Senate version that passed last month , agreed on a provision that would exempt auto dealers from Consumer Financial Protection Bureau oversight .
The bill goes to the House and Senate for votes next week , where it 's expected to pass and be signed into law by President Obama .
The move represents a full victory for auto dealerships and specifically the National Automobile Dealers Association ( NADA ) , which had been lobbying hard in recent weeks to make sure that dealers are n't overseen by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau , the new consumer - finance agency that looks after the mortgage , credit - card , and consumer loan industries — including the often - criticized payday loan business that 's still given a long leash in some states .
“ The goal all along was to keep a new , untested government agency from creating burdensome and unnecessary rules that would make it harder and more expensive for car buyers to access auto credit , ” NADA spokesman Bailey Wood said , prior to the final word on the exemption .
Bill could have put the squeeze on sales , dealers argue
Auto dealers have consistently argued that any more regulation in this area would put a sizable dent in their business and potentially reduce the number of people who are qualified ( or able ) to purchase a vehicle , and that with all the economic difficulties in the industry , this is not the time to do it .
Main Street should n't be given the same treatment as Wall Street , a number of Senators successfully argued last month .
Up until last night , there was still a chance that the new agency would maintain some limited authority for rulemaking affecting dealers .
Sleazy Car Salesman
Under the agreement made , auto dealers will still be regulated by the Federal Trade Commission ( FTC ) and individual states — meaning , mostly of the responsibility will remain in the hands of 50 different state agencies that provide vastly different levels of regulation .
Both the House version of the bill , which was passed in December , and the Senate version , passed last month , included the provision exempting dealers .
Although the Senate version had less specific language ( non-binding ) , it did include an instruction for committee members to leave dealers out of the new rules .
Obama , consumer advocates do n't get what they want
The Obama administration , as well as a number of consumer advocacy groups and even civil - rights advocates , had rallied to include auto dealers under the new regulation , but in the end the administration said that it would n't be a deal - breaker .
" Auto dealer - lenders " make up about 80 percent of the U.S. auto - loan industry .
However there 's a good and a bad in this ; while dealerships can sometimes get you a slightly better deal than what you'd be able to swing through a bank or credit union on your own , the kickbacks that are commonplace in the loan industry often lead salespeople to steer low - income customers or those with bad credit toward high - fee loans that are n't in the buyer 's best interest .
No relief for sketchy loans targeting military families
Officials at the Pentagon were especially vocal about adding more oversight , as members of the military and military families , as well as low - income customers , are frequently targeted by sketchy financing schemes that simply would n't exist with more regulation .
While there are no doubt a lot of high - fives and toasts happening at car dealerships today , it is likely , however , from the consumer side , that the new agency will reel in a few aspects of the loan industry that apply to cars :
Namely , the new regulations will likely signal the end of the line for car title loans .
The only concession — admittedly a very slight one — was that the committee negotiators made provisions to allow the FTC to more quickly write new standards for dealership financing .
[ New York Times , Automotive News ]
Two goals in three second - half minutes by Wesley Sneijder and Arjen Robben helped to see off a resolute Uruguay side and put the Netherlands into a World Cup final for the first time since 1978 .
The Dutch looked short of ideas for long periods but still had the quality in front of goal when it mattered to set up an all - European final against Euro 2008 champions Spain or Germany in Johannesburg on Sunday .
After Giovanni van Bronckhorst 's spectacular opener , Uruguay were gifted an equaliser when goalkeeper Maarten Stekelenburg failed to deal with Diego Forlan 's long - range shot .
But Sneijder and Robben again made the difference for the two - time runners - up , who were left hanging on at the end following Maxi Pereira 's injury - time reply .
However , the Dutch held firm to make sure of their progress .
It was a dramatic end to an often tepid match as Uruguay , who were without the suspended Luis Suarez following his goal - line handball that helped them past Ghana in the quarter - finals , only showed real attacking intent when they fell two goals behind .
Cheered on by an army of Oranje fans , Dutch coach Bert van Marwijk saw his side struggle to find their feet in the early stages , with their only sight of goal being wasted when Dirk Kuyt fired wastefully over after keeper Fernando Muslera had punched Sneijder 's cross straight at him .
The South Americans , in their first semi-final for 30 years , were defending in depth and in numbers but that tactic did not help them when Van Bronkhorst broke the deadlock after 18 minutes
The ball was fed out to the left - flank and the veteran Feyenoord left - back had time to look up and use his trusty left foot to spank an unstoppable 35 - yard shot into the top corner .
But going ahead did not help the Dutch work out how to break down a well - organised Uruguay defence , and they also seemed unwilling to commit players forward in search of more goals .
Martin Caceres had to hold off Robben as he ran on to Robin van Persie 's through - ball , but that was the nearest the Netherlands came to extending their lead .
Uruguay , in the absence of the prolific Suarez , were faring little better at the other end and Stekelenburg did not have a save to make until he had to deal with Alvaro Pereira 's bouncing shot after 36 minutes .
That all changed before half - time , however , and it was the Dutch goalkeeper at fault as Forlan notched his fourth goal in six games in the finals in South Africa .
Stekelenburg had a clear view of Forlan 's swerving strike from 25 yards out and got a hand to the ball , but was still unable to keep it out .
The Ajax keeper had another nervous moment at the start of the second half when he beat Edinson Cavani to a through ball but failed to make a proper clearance and Van Bronkhorst had to clear Alvaro Pereira 's curling shot off the line .
But the game quickly got bogged down in midfield and there were few chances to speak of until Forlan brought a much better stop from Stekelenburg with a dipping free - kick .
The Netherlands had been disappointing up to that point but showed again how they do not have to play well to win games in the tournament with a two - goal burst in the space of three minutes that was enough to give them victory .
Van Marwijk 's side showed signs of life when Van Persie latched on to a long ball over the top and played in substitute Rafael van der Vaart , who saw his low shot pushed away before Robben fired the rebound over .
And they were back in the lead after 70 minutes when Sneijder 's shot hit the luckless Maxi Pereira and span in off a post , with Van Persie trying but failing to get a touch to help it on its way .
In their next attack , Robben made it 3 - 1 , escaping the attentions of Diego Godin to meet Dirk Kuyt 's cross and plant a firm header into the bottom corner .
Uruguay looked exhausted and Robben could have added a fourth when he burst forward on to a Van Persie flick late on , but got his attempted chip all wrong .
Instead the Dutch faced a frantic finale when , in the 92nd minute , Maxi Pereira ran on to a quickly taken free - kick , turned Eljero Ejia and curled a precise shot into the bottom corner of the net .
Uruguay coach Oscar Tabarez 's team had time to launch a few balls into the Dutch box but van Marwijk 's side survived and it is they who will go forward hoping it will be third - time lucky for them in a final following their defeats in 1974 and 1978 .
Numerologists may have to be called in to explain the historic magnitude of the year 2010 .
After 60 years of doubling down on their spending , 2010 became the year governments from Greece to California hit the wall .
( That Athens became the symbol of the democracies ' compulsion to spend themselves into oblivion is an eeriness we 'd rather not ponder . )
In the distant future , some U.S. historian in kindergarten today will write about Congressman David Obey 's contribution to the splitting apart of American liberalism 's assumptions ...
A North Carolina cupcake shop has apologized for adopting the unfunny slogan " So Good It Makes Fat People Cry , " and then for calling one critic a c-word that was definitely not " cupcake . "
Advertisement
According to The Gloss 's Valerie Marino , a customer identified as Diana emailed Crumb bakery co-owner Carrie Nickerson to protest the slogan .
Nickerson responded , via email ,
We offend everybody equally .
You are the one with hate in your heart not us .
Since we are fortunate enough to live in America you can do whatever you want .
Advertisement
She then called Diana a " fat cunt " on her Twitter feed ( now private ) .
Recognizing that , in Marino 's words , " there are certain things it 's still just not okay to say to a fellow human being , especially if you want them to give you money , " Crumb soon issued an apology .
But it 's pretty much of the I 'm - sorry - you 're - mad variety :
Regarding our slogan , let us begin by apologizing to you , Diana , and everyone else we have offended .
This was never our intention .
The tagline was meant as a joke and nothing more .
We never meant to hurt anyone .
The tagline is no longer in use and the tweets you found offensive have been removed .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Memo to Crumb : claming to " offend everybody equally " makes a certain amount of sense when your raison d'etre involves shaking things up .
If you 're , say , Chris Rock , or maybe the guys from South Park in their fresher , funnier heyday .
But if your job is selling tasty baked goods , you really have no business offending anybody .
Also , those who combine the words " cupcakes " and " cunt " will lose another c-word : customers .
Image via Lasse Kristensen / Shutterstock.com .
North Carolina Cupcake Shop Calls Customer Fat , Halfheartedly Apologizes [ The Gloss ]
Sweet ….
this is something god has never been able to do .
In your face god 🙂
Beautiful !!
Praise science .
Last time , I concluded that the evidence on this question is mixed .
Religious people come off better in some studies , and secularists come off better in others .
Some evidence indicates that atheists are less likely to exams , for instance , whereas other evidence finds that religious people come off better in terms of charitable donations and volunteering .
Several readers objected to my characterization of the evidence , pointing to books such as Arthur C. Brooks '
Who really cares .
Brooks concluded that conservatives really are compassionate .
More to the point , he claims that their good works are determined more by their religion than their .
Readers felt that Brooks had closed the issue by unambiguously showing that religious people are far more generous .
I decided to take a look at Brooks ' evidence .
Religious causes , or secular
You cannot compare apples with oranges .
When researchers compare the amount of money given to charity , they need to distinguish between donations to religious institutions versus secular charities .
Why is that distinction so important ?
Well , membership in a religion can be compared with membership in a golf club - at least from an economic perspective .
Just as members of golf clubs pay ( hefty ) membership fees to underwrite the cost of maintaining a golf course , so members of a local church must provide for the upkeep of buildings , payment of staff , and so forth .
Religious fundraising is complicated but effective .
Members of the congregation contribute in dues , plate collections , fundraising suppers , funeral offerings , bring - and - buy sales , and so forth .
Such contributions are classified as charity by the IRS but they are not really voluntary for the same reason that golf club memberships fees are not voluntary .
If members did not support their club , it would go out of business .
Similarly , if parishioners cannot put up enough donations the local church may be forced to close its doors .
Suppose that we were to include golf fees as a charitable contribution , then golfers would seem to contribute more to charity .
Yet , this is not a fair comparison because people who do not play golf have no reason to support golf clubs .
For similar reasons , people who never go to church contribute around zero dollars to religious institutions and charities .
This means that any fair comparison must look at what religious and non religious people give to secular charities .
To his credit , Brooks makes this comparison but , once again , finds that religious people contribute more to secular charities .
According to the Social Capital Community Benchmark Survey ( 2000 - 2001 ) , 71 percent of religious people contribute to secular charities each year compared to 61 percent of those who rarely , or never , go to church .
Religious people volunteer more on an annual basis ( 60 percent vs. 39 percent ) and donate more to secular charities ( $ 532 vs. $ 467 ) .
Brooks concludes , and many of his readers agree , that the greater of religious people to secular charities is caused by religion .
But correlation is not the same as causation .
Brooks overlooks one very simple alternative explanation for why religious people are more generous of their time and money .
That reason is that they are older ( due to the decline in religious belief among the young ) but otherwise demographically , and politically similar to the rest of the nation , according to Brooks .
In our society , people over 65 are the ones who command much of the disposable income and who , if they are retired , have plenty of time for volunteering .
Consistent with this thesis , when age is statistically controlled , there is no difference between religious and nonreligious people in the value of their gifts to secular charities .
This conclusion emerges from Brooks ' own analysis of the General Social Survey for 1996 ( Appendix , Table 14 ) .
( Among other factors , he also controls income , , and attitudes toward redistribution of wealth .
Volunteering and donation rates were not analyzed ) .
What superficially seems like clear evidence that religion makes people more charitable turns out , on detailed analysis , to be further evidence that religion has little to do with ethical conduct .
There is no consistent difference between religious and nonreligious people in their ethical conduct - at least if one compares apples with apples .
1. Brooks , A. C. ( 2006 ) .
Who really cares :
The surprising truth about compassionate conservatism .
New York : Basic .
Writer who failed to clinch publishing deal puts up $ 3,000 prize pot for answering questions about novel
The cut - throat world of publishing has forced a science fiction writer to take the drastic step of offering people a cash incentive to read his novel .
Peter Riley , a former journalist on Canadian newspapers , finished his novel Universes in 1999 but failed to land a publishing contract for the book , which tells the story of a string theory physicist who , when he dies , ends up in an alternate universe populated by cannibals .
His wife , Lucy , thinks he has been murdered .
Riley decided to post the novel online for free earlier this month , giving those who read it the chance to win a chunk of a $ 3,000 prize money pot if they answer questions about the book correctly .
" I 'm hoping that publishing the book online and pretty well paying people to read it will get it noticed on the internet , and ultimately discovered by a legit publisher , " said Riley on his website .
" Crass gimmick ?
You bet .
But if it works , I wo n't look back .
" I 'm 65 god - damned years old , this novel means more to me than anything in the world , and I 'm desperate to get it published while I 'm still alive .
I know this may sound odd , but I feel western society needs this book .
It 's a contribution I feel I must make . "
The competition begins in July .
The Real Story on iPhone 4's Antenna
" How are you holding it ? " - Brian Klug
" Three fingers .
Like a [ redacted ] ninja turtle . "
- Anand Shimpi
There 's been a ton of discussion lately surrounding iPhone 4 cellular reception .
Even before it was officially announced , the reason for the stainless steel band running along the outside of the phone seemed enigmatic ; many called it un-apple and decidedly atypical of seamless apple design which eschews hard edges .
The black strips were written off as aesthetic curiosities , possibly even markings which denoted a fake .
Then at the WWDC announcement , we learned the truth .
The iPhone 4's antenna is the stainless steel band that runs around the edge of the phone .
The antenna for WiFi , Bluetooth , and GPS is the smaller strip beginning in the bottom left and running to the top , and the cellular radio for voice and data is the much larger strip running around almost three quarters of the phone .
It 's a design nod back to some of the earliest cellular phone designs which packed external whips that one could manually extend for improving reception .
Since then , designs evolved , and until recently virtually all smartphones have packed internal antennas at the bottom of the phone .
The iPhone 4's external antenna promises improved reception over the internal antenna in the iPhone 3GS .
Of course , the caveat is that as with all external antennas , the potential for both unintended attenuation and detuning is much , much greater .
When I first saw the iPhone 4's design spelled out watching the keynote online , I immediately assumed that Apple was going to apply an insulative coating atop the stainless steel .
Perhaps even use diamond vapor deposition ( like they did with the glass screen atop the iPhone 3GS ) to insulate the stainless steel from users .
We now know rather definitively that this is n't the case .
Of course , the result is that anything conductive which bridges the gap in the bottom left couples the antennas together , detuning the precisely engineered antennas .
It 's a problem of impedance matching with the body as an antenna , and the additional antenna that becomes part of the equation when you touch the bottom left .
The fact of the matter is that cupping the bottom left corner and making skin contact between the two antennas does result in a measurable difference in cellular reception .
But as we 'll show , RF is a strange beast .
Measuring Reception Without Bars
When I set out to characterize and understand the iPhone 4's antenna issue , I noticed that reports online varied wildly .
Some claimed that they were always able to recreate a reception issue created by cupping the phone , yet others reported no change at all squeezing the phone tightly .
After acquiring my iPhone 4 , the first thing I did was try to fire up Field Test via the widely documented * 3001 # 12345 # * dialer code .
Unfortunately , like iOS 4 running on the 3GS and 3G , Field Test is absent from the iPhone 4 .
It is n't a matter of the dialer code , it 's that Field Test has been completely removed from the applications directory in the filesystem .
For those that do n't know , Field Test variants exist on virtually every phone for purposes of debugging the air interface and baseband .
Quality metrics like RSSI ( raw signal strength ) usually in dBm are reported alongside a wealth of other metrics like SNR and even what adjacent towers are visible to the phone for handing off .
It 's a tool usually buried deep in every phone because the amount of data would overwhelm normal mobile users , but is useful for engineers and curious but savvy users alike to find out what 's going on with the cellular network .
For whatever reason , Apple really does n't want anyone running that tool anymore .
Just about everyone knows that although reporting signal strength in bars gets the job done , it 's an absolutely worthless metric for comparison across devices and platforms due to lack of standardization .
Further , iOS smoothes the quality metric with a moving average over as much as 10 seconds , masking how fast signal changes .
There 's also the matter of dynamic range , but more on that in a second .
Without any numbers at all it would 've been impossible to understand what 's going on with iPhone 4 .
On my 3GS , I exclusively report signal numerically , and as a result have a very good feel for coverage in Tucson , AZ where I live .
But I found a way .
Undeterred by the lack of field test on iOS 4 , I was determined to enable numeric signal strength reporting in the top left where bars are normally displayed .
If you 've ever run a jailbroken iPhone and used SBSettings , or changed your carrier string , you 've probably encountered the fact that iTunes will back up and restore the status bar configuration across OS restores .
See where I 'm going ?
I took my iPhone 3GS , downgraded to 3.1.3 , jailbroke , enabled numeric WiFi and GSM and backed up .
I then took my iPhone 4 and restored with iOS 4 , but pointed it to the backup of the jailbroken , numeric - GSM - reporting iPhone 3GS .
You 'll note that booting and activating the new phone required fitting the new iPhone 4 microSIM into a SIM carrier .
I ordered one almost a month ago , but it still has n't shown up .
My MicroSIM -> SIM adapter .
The real one is still inexplicably in the mail 15 business days later .
Success ensued , and I had a numeric readout of signal strength on a non jailbroken iPhone 4 .
The results are interesting .
Before we dive in , let 's talk about dynamic range for a second .
For a while , I 've talked about how iOS reports the quality metric with a compressed , optimistic dynamic range .
On iOS , 4 bars begins at around - 99 to - 101 dBm .
Three bars sits around - 103 dBm , 2 bars extends down to - 107 dBm , and 1 bar is - 113 dBm .
To give you perspective , for a UMTS " 3G " plant , - 51 dBm is the best reported signal you can get - it 's quite literally standing next to , or under a block away from a tower .
At the other extreme , - 113 dBm is the worst possible signal you can have before disconnecting entirely .
With a few exceptions , signal power as low as - 107 dBm is actually perfectly fine for calls and data , and below that is where trouble usually starts .
However , you can see just how little dynamic range iOS 4 has for reporting signal ; over half of the range of possible signal levels in dBm ( from - 99 dBm to - 51 dBm ) is reported as 5 bars .
So , an entire day and more than a quarter tank of gas later , here are the results .
Holding the iPhone 4 without a case , in your left hand , crossing the black strip can result in a worst case drop of 24 dB in signal .
As we 'll show in a second , how you hold the phone makes a huge difference across every smartphone - and we 've tested thoroughly in 5 different positions .
Now , there are two vastly different possibilities for what happens to the bar visualization after you drop 24 dB .
I happen to live less than one block from an AT&T UMTS tower ( it 's across the street , literally ) , and have exceptionally strong signal in all of my house - it 's part of why I chose to live here , actually .
Signal is above - 65 dBm in every single room , in most cases it 's at - 51 dBm .
When I incur that worst case drop of 24 dB from squeezing the phone , I fall down to - 83 dBm , which is still visualized as 5 bars .
However , in locales that have less signal , but where iOS still displays 5 bars , the drop of 24 dB is visualized much differently .
For example , at another test location , signal without holding the phone is - 89 dBm , which is still displayed as 5 bars .
Cup the phone , and you 'll fall all the way to - 113 dBm .
All the bars dramatically disappear one after the other , people think they 've dramatically lost all the signal , and you know the rest .
If you 're at 4 bars already , ( which puts you on the low end of possible signal strengths ) , cupping the phone even more delicately is enough to push you the remaining 10 or so dB to cutoff .
It does n't take much when you 're at 4 bars , which is why the visualization is flawed .
Complicating matters is that signal is completely fine until down around 2 bars at - 107 dBm .
If you add a bumper case to the iPhone 4 , the signal strength drop from holding the device is on par if not better than other phones .
In the exact same location , in the exact same orientation , I carefully measured my iPhone 3GS and Nexus One with the same AT&T microSIM in my newly made SIM adapter .
After lots of testing , I decided on 5 different positions for holding the phone , and tested signal repeatedly .
1 ) Cupping tightly -
This is the absolute worst case and involves squeezing the phone very tightly , like people are doing online in videos demonstrating all the bars going away .
I squeeze the phone hard and make sure my palms are sweaty as well .
You 'd never hold the phone this way because it 's physically painful .
2 ) Holding naturally , comfortably -
This is just how one would hold the phone typically in a relaxed way .
Not squeezing it to purposefully reduce signal , but making contact with the fingers and not an open palm .
3 ) Resting atop an open , flat palm .
4 ) Holding naturally , but inside a case - In this situation the Bumper for iPhone 4 , an Otter Box for the 3GS , and a comparable generic case for the Nexus One .
5 ) Pinching the top and bottom - Our baseline , virtually no attenuation .
Held only to keep the exact position constant .
It 's not reported since this is considered ideal .
Signal Attenuation Comparison in dB - Lower is Better Cupping Tightly Holding Naturally On an Open Palm Holding Naturally Inside Case iPhone 4 24.6 19.8 9.2 7.2 iPhone 3GS 14.3 1.9 0.2 3.2 HTC Nexus One 17.7 10.7 6.7 7.7
It 's difficult to be exact about the data , since signal is very sensitive to direction , ambient conditions , and cell breathing .
To generate these numbers , I measured at least 6 times and took the average .
The results are pretty self explanatory .
Inside a case , the iPhone 4 performs slightly better than the Nexus One .
However , attenuation gets measurably worse depending how you hold the phone .
Squeezing it really tightly , you can drop as much as 24 dB .
Holding it naturally , I measured an average drop of 20 dB .
The drop in signal from cupping the device with a case on is purely a function of us being " ugly bags of mostly water . "
A material which happens to be pretty good at attenuating RF - thus increasing path loss between the handset and cellular base station .
There 's nothing Apple nor anyone else can do to get around physics , plain and simple .
It 's something which demonstrably affects every phone 's cellular reception .
Add in an external antenna you 're essentially forced to touch and bridge to another adjacent antenna while holding , and the signal attenuation is even worse .
The fact of the matter is that either the most sensitive region of the antenna should have an insulative coating , or everyone should use a case .
For a company that uses style heavily as a selling point , the latter is n't an option .
And the former would require an unprecedented admission of fault on Apple 's part .
That 's not all there is to the story , however .
The Antenna is Improved
From my day of testing , I 've determined that the iPhone 4 performs much better than the 3GS in situations where signal is very low , at - 113 dBm ( 1 bar ) .
Previously , dropping this low all but guaranteed that calls would drop , fail to be placed , and data would no longer be transacted at all .
I can honestly say that I 've never held onto so many calls and data simultaneously on 1 bar at - 113 dBm as I have with the iPhone 4 , so it 's readily apparent that the new baseband hardware is much more sensitive compared to what was in the 3GS .
The difference is that reception is massively better on the iPhone 4 in actual use .
With my bumper case on , I made it further into dead zones than ever before , and into marginal areas that would always drop calls without any problems at all .
It 's amazing really to experience the difference in sensitivity the iPhone 4 brings compared to the 3GS , and issues from holding the phone aside , reception is absolutely definitely improved .
I felt like I was going places no iPhone had ever gone before .
There 's no doubt in my mind this iPhone gets the best cellular reception yet , even though measured signal is lower than the 3GS .
Conference call with three calls going at the same time , and transacting data , all at minimum signal .
Impressive .
That brings me to the way that signal quality should really be reported - Signal to Noise Ratio ( SNR ) .
SNR is essentially a measure of how much of the signal is compromised by noise or interference .
It 's readily apparent that because the iPhone 4 works almost perfectly fine at - 113 dBm , it has much better sensitivity .
The deciding factor for reporting the signal quality metric is then SNR , something Apple and other handset manufacturers will have to move to eventually instead of just power .
In reality , reporting based on SNR makes a lot more sense , since I could n't make calls drop driving around an entire day cupping the phone , despite being at - 113 dBm ( 1 bar ) most of the time .
The drop in signal from holding the phone with your left hand arguably remains a problem .
Changing the bars visualization may indeed help mask it , and to be fair the phone works fine all the way down to - 113 dBm , but it will persist - software updates can change physics as much as they can change hardware design .
At the end of the day , Apple should add an insulative coating to the stainless steel band , or subsidize bumper cases .
It 's that simple .
WiFi / Bluetooth Reception
But what about WiFi ?
Surely since the UMTS / GSM antenna interferes with it , the WiFi signal has changed as well .
It has , though not how one would expect .
Holding the phone with no case actually improves WiFi signal strength by a measurable 5 to 10 dB .
In the following plot , the dips are me releasing the phone from a tight grip and going to the two finger pinch .
I verified the same ballpark level of performance increase on the phone as well .
RF is truly an odd beast indeed .
It just depends whether you 're adding or subtracting length from the antenna , and thus moving away from or closer to an optimal solution .
The blue line is the iPhone 4 .
Look at the rate as well - more on that in a second .
The last lingering question is how GPS fix accuracy and acquire time changes depending on how you hold the iPhone 4 .
I spent a few hours testing and came to the conclusion that there 's an insignificant difference gripped or not gripped , or compared to the 3GS .
It 's also difficult to repeat the same measurement since location services seems to keep the GPS going even after you stop using it , so subsequent API calls to it within a few minutes are very speedy .
Getting an accurate location is still nearly instantaneous using WiFi through skyhook , and then AGPS takes it the rest of the way .
It 's impressive that we 're talking on the order of seconds for a location within tens of meters of accuracy - considering that a cold fix on a standalone GPS used to take minutes .
If you do n't have line of sight to the sky , GPS fixes will take longer no matter what smartphone you 're using .
I have to wonder whether improved WiFi reception has an effect or not on skyhook ( WiFi MAC address and signal strengh based ) trilateration accuracy .
Again , I could n't be certain .
Break Point Shattering the Cube — Part 2 by Amitakh Stanford 17th July 2004
Things are not always what they appear to be in this physical / astral dimension of virtual reality .
Conventional science declares that the sun is a sphere .
As I stated in Shattering the Cube , it is NOT a sphere — it is a CUBE .
I realize that this statement goes against nearly all conventional scientific theories .
But this does not change the fact that the sun and all extant stars are cubes , spinning so rapidly that they appear to be spheres .
From the onset , an astute reader should well consider that cubes go against nearly all that is seen in the solar system .
The planets and moons are spheroid appearing .
Their orbits are elliptical or circular .
In other words , what we see are circles , circles and more circles , which I have called merry - go - rounds within merry - go - rounds in The Real Secret Word of the Freemasons .
Indeed , the sun and stars appear to be round also .
But why does the sun appear to be a sphere ?
And , why would such a foreign shape — a cube — be the heart of the solar systems ?
To answer these questions , one must realize that suns are shaped as cubes by design .
That is to say , there has been no evolution of the solar systems .
They were in fact created by an Intelligence far beyond the comprehension of human minds .
Once it is accepted that the solar system , and all solar systems for that matter , were designed , then the obvious question is :
Why is the truth about cube - shaped suns hidden from inquiring minds ?
In considering the mystery of the cubed sun , one should also consider that all the planets in the solar system except Pluto ( which many still claim is NOT a planet ) fit onto a single plane , and all orbit the equator of the sun .
Again , this was NOT accidental , but by design .
In fact , all solar systems originated with all their respective planets orbiting on a single plane around the equator of their respective suns .
The Designer of the suns did not want anyone to easily discover how suns produce heat , nor to ever suspect that suns are cube shaped .
The Designer of the sun also created the illusion that the sun revolves around the Earth .
However , this illusion was shattered by Copernicus who discovered that the planets revolve around the sun .
It has indeed been proven beyond doubt that the Earth 's daily rotation creates the illusion that the sun " rises " and " sets " by travelling across the entire heavens each day .
Again , one must consider why the Designer wished to deceive occupants of the various planets and conceal truth .
This question gives rise to the type of sick Mind responsible for designing the physical realm .
The principle upon which the sun operates is simple , and in its simplicity rings the truth of how it functions .
The common belief that the sun is a huge sphere of gases that collapsed upon themselves and began burning a mixture of gases as a " nuclear furnace " is erroneous .
Instead , the Designer placed a huge material cube into space and set the cube into motion .
This motion is a speedy , spinning , gyrating motion that revolves upon a SINGLE POINT in the centre of the cube ( slightly off centre point ) .
This POINT should NOT be construed as meaning a single axis that runs through the cube , but instead it should be viewed as a single point in the middle of the cube .
The motion spins the cube ( sun ) so rapidly that its corners appear to touch nearly all points of the perceived sphere , thus giving the illusion that the object in the sky is a sphere .
By analogy , consider that a fan has blades , but when it is set into fast motion , the blades of the fan seem to disappear and an illusion is created which makes the blades look like a circle .
This illusion can also be seen in airplane propellers , which also appear to be circles as the propellers spin rapidly .
It should also be mentioned that at various speeds , the circles of the propellers seem to change their direction of rotation .
This two - dimensional circular type of illusion is the principle behind the cubed - sun 's three - dimensional illusion that it is a sphere and that the sphere is rotating .
However , the sun appears to be aflame , while propellers and fan blades do not .
This is partly because the Designer created gravity , which attracted particles of atmosphere to the cube ( sun ) .
These particles of air were thereafter trapped by the sun 's gravity and forced to stay with the cube .
The flaming sun is primarily due to the vast differences in velocities of the spinning of the objects .
Thus , the sun 's atmosphere blazes while the fans ' and propellers ' do not .
When the cubed sun spins ferociously fast , it creates a great deal of friction coupled with the fact that the 12 " sharp " edges and 8 " hard " corners of the cube heighten the friction .
The apparent rotation of the sun on an axis has been called " differential rotation " because it appears to take 25 days for the sun to rotate around its equator and 35 days at its poles .
This has erroneously been accepted by science as a phenomenon of a gaseous sphere .
It is actually an illusion that the sun has a spheroid rotation .
This is much like the example of the spinning fan blades .
The spinning cube gyrates in such a way that it appears that there is a sphere and that the sphere is rotating irregularly .
Thus , an illusion of a differential rotation is created by the spinning cube .
Anyone who has rapidly rubbed two sticks together would have noticed that the process generates heat .
If the draft is appropriate and the materials suitable , then smoke is formed , followed by a flame — caused by simple friction , air and fuel .
Likewise , it was simple friction which ignited the atmosphere around the sun that produced the original flame ( it is the sun 's atmosphere that is burning and NOT the cube ) .
However , given these conditions , the sun would have quickly burned up all its atmosphere ( fuel ) and have been extinguished .
Thus , the Designer made the sun spin in such a way that a patch near the north pole of the sun does not ever get touched by any corners of the cube .
If you were to fly over the " top " of the sun , you would see a dark spot or a " hole " in the sun .
This " hole " is the " fuel " entry point for the sun .
The tremendous spinning of the sun coupled with the " void " on the " top " creates a violent funnel or tornado - like vortex that literally sucks gases from deep space .
It is the sucked - in gases that provide the " fuel " which keeps the sun burning .
Hence , the spinning cube is not a furnace at all .
It is a huge EXTERNAL combustion engine .
In order to keep the nature of the sun hidden , planets revolve around the sun 's equator so that inhabitants of the planets do not have a perspective from which to see the dark spot atop the sun .
Besides , the planets are able to acquire an optimum level of radiant energy from the sun by orbiting its equator .
Further , if the planets were to get anywhere close to the northern vortex , they would be sucked into it .
It should be noted that the physical / astral dimension was NOT designed by the True Creator .
The physical realm , which includes the astral , was an imposition by Darkness which was superimposed over the True Creation .
Darkness is an aberration of the True Creation .
The True Creator attempted to correct the aberration by pouring Divine Love into it .
However , Darkness rejected all attempts at correction or retrieval of It .
When Darkness superimposed the physical dimension upon a sector of the True Creation , it trapped many True - Light beings in Matter ( Darkness ) .
The Earth is located in this sector .
Thus , for aeons many beings of Light have been trapped by Darkness in the physical realm .
( For a more detailed explanation of duality , see my article entitled The Source ) .
Amongst those True - Light beings who were trapped in Matter were four Special beings who are known as the Elements — Air , Earth , Water and Fire .
These Special beings have been forced to conform to the plan of Darkness , but they have always remained true to the Light .
In order to make the sun burn , Darkness needed Earth to form the cube , and Air to provide the fuel for the external combustion engine which generated Fire .
A being of Darkness was assigned to oversee the cube 's motion .
This being was referred to as WCLU in Shattering the Cube .
Those letters are only the being 's initials .
The name of the being is pronounced as Wanchenlu .
WCLU is responsible for overseeing motion and also for creating the illusion that there is " no motion " for those who are locked in the merry - go - rounds of motion in this virtual reality .
The illusion of " no motion " is why people on Earth do not perceive its daily rotation .
Incidentally , WCLU has a weakness in the Element of Water .
Water has been able to resist total conformation to the will of Darkness .
This is because Water cannot be totally suppressed by the cubed sun .
Neither will it follow the dictates of Darkness ' agents such as WCLU .
Esoterically and physically , that is why the tides ebb and flow , giving all astute observers of Water a clue about WCLU 's illusion of " no motion . "
In other words , Water goes where it wills .
Symbolically , water is a means of purification because many spiritual people have intuitively felt that water is as pure an element as possible in this polluted dimension .
While WCLU knows that Water is its weakness , it must work within the parameters of a partially water - covered planet .
This is because Darkness developed biological " life " or bodies in which to trap True - Light beings .
Biological bodies require water to survive .
Therefore , WCLU must work with water , but water is its nemesis .
WCLU uses other agents of Darkness to help capture and trap water because it cannot do the task itself .
Ironically , while the Earth is a huge trap for Light beings , WCLU has less control on the Earth than on many other worlds because there is so much water on the planet .
With aid from other beings of Darkness , WCLU is able to trap enormous amounts of water by freezing it .
When water is solid , it is forced to conform to the " no motion " illusion of WCLU .
Currently , there is rapid global warming occurring on Earth .
This is due to the sun heating up , thereby heating the Earth 's atmosphere .
It is also due to the heating up of Antarctic seas by the Lemurians from under the ice shelves using 3 huge micro - wave - like devices .
( For detailed discussion see my article , Global Warming — Natural or Artificial ) .
As the Lemurians heat up the water to free their mother crafts , they release a great deal of the water that WCLU had arranged to be trapped as ice .
As more water is freed to express in its liquid form , WCLU will lose a great deal of control of the Earth .
Thus , more and more , the illusion of " no motion " is fracturing .
As this is occurring , more and more people will see through the illusion of this world of virtual reality .
As the sun burns brighter , it also causes deterioration of the Earth 's electro - magnetic field .
This is happening at such a rapid rate that even the New York Times has recently run feature articles about the phenomenon .
As I stated in Demagnetism , the collapsing field has so concerned the ruling elite on Earth that they have been trying to patch up the failing field by blacking out vast areas and diverting the " stolen " power in their attempts to " fix " the electro - magnetic field .
These power thefts have not been truthfully explained by the governments and the media throughout the world .
Current speculation is that the " earth changes " are being caused by a shifting of the polarity of the Earth 's poles .
This speculation is mainly based upon outdated information .
Plans have changed .
A polarity shift is no longer going to happen , neither is a shift of the Earth 's axis going to take place .
Now , the question must be addressed as to why the sun is heating up .
It is heating up because the Fifth Amoeba of the Light ( an Attas ) is actively shattering the cube by using several arraa - tons ( sun cruisers ) to heat up the sun .
These crafts have been photographed around and seemingly within the sun .
But , how could that be ?
Scientists tell us that nothing could ever approach the sun because the heat is too intense .
Again , this is a misconception that is based upon speculation about the nature of the sun .
The sun 's primary method of heating is via radiation .
It primarily radiates the atmosphere around objects , heating the respective atmospheres .
It also radiates heat via contact with objects .
This is readily apparent by taking readings of the external temperature of an airplane that is flying at high altitude .
The outside temperature of the airplane correlates with the temperature of the surrounding atmosphere , adjusted by the sun 's radiant effect on the airplane .
The plane 's body gets colder and colder as the atmosphere around it thins and does not readily absorb the sun 's radiation .
From this it can be seen that the heating of the atmosphere is more effective than the heating of the object .
Instead of an airplane , consider a spacecraft .
If it were launched towards the sun , as it left the Earth 's atmosphere it would still get colder and colder even though it is getting closer to the sun .
Outside of the craft it would also be dark even if it is approaching the sun .
This is because the atmosphere around it is so thin that it is not effectively heated or lighted by the sun 's radiation .
This is why the Attas arraa - tons can actually fly quite close to the sun before the sun 's radiant heat begins to significantly affect the crafts .
At about 800,000 miles from the sun , the effect of the sun 's heat is so great that the Attas need to raise the solar shields of the arraa - tons to deflect the heat and protect the crafts .
Were the shields to malfunction at any stage within 500 miles of the sun , the arraa - tons would melt .
The arraa - tons then fly through the sun 's burning atmosphere before approaching the spinning cube .
When they approach the cube they hover above it , spinning with it .
Once " inside " the cube ( which is actually inside the sun 's atmosphere but above the cube ) the spinning seems to stop because of WCLU 's illusion of " no motion " .
Instead of this illusion confusing and hindering the occupants of the arraa - tons , the illusion is used to their benefit .
It allows them to calmly go about their work in the midst of a virtual whirlwind .
This is a little like being in the eye of a hurricane where it is calm .
The arraa - tons then go about " working the corners " of the cube , by hovering just above a corner of the cube and launching off the corner in the opposite direction of the cube 's spin .
These launches exert great force on the corners of the cube and " push " the cube in the direction of the spin , using maximum leverage from the corners to cause the cube to spin faster and faster with each launch .
As the cube spins faster and faster , the turbulent vortex near its north pole spins more and more vociferously , sucking more fuel into the sun 's atmosphere .
Consequently , the sun burns quicker and hotter with each launch off its corners .
Ironically , while the corners of the cube form a formidable Light trap , they are also the weakness of the cubed trap .
It is also ironic that WCLU 's illusion of " no motion " is being used to disassemble the sun by superheating it until it literally burns itself up .
Esoterically , the corners and edges of the cube are hard angles that cause conflict , friction , wars , distrust , violence etc .
Exoterically , the corners and edges are the principal instruments of friction and heat that cause the sun 's atmosphere to blaze .
The Designer of the cube planned for conflicts and wars to be caused by motion of the cube .
It suspected that the Amoebas of Light would be investigating Its usurpation of the sector of True Creation .
It further suspected that were the cubes easily perceived , the Amoebas would stop them immediately .
Hence , the Designer used illusions to make the sun and stars appear to be spheroid shapes in the hope that this would confuse and delay the Rescue Operation by the Amoebas of Light .
It is the usurpation of this sector by Darkness and Its steadfast refusal to release the trapped True - Light beings that has caused the Light to rescue those True - Light beings who have been held ransom by Darkness for so long .
This has culminated in the final stage of the Correction Plan by the Light to liberate Her / His children from Darkness .
While the final Purification will be carried out by the Creator of Light , the children of Light who are awaiting the rescue are urged to purify themselves as best they can by rejecting the evils of Darkness in order to help them stay " sane " during the tumultuous times .
Many stars have already been extinguished by the method described in this essay .
Many of the stars in the sky are no longer burning .
We are only seeing the radiant light from long ago in the sky because it takes years for light to reach the Earth from any of the stars .
In the Pure Realm , there is no actual air , earth , water or fire .
Those were all created by Darkness and were forced upon Special beings whom we know as the Elements Air , Earth , Water and Fire .
Once those Special beings are released from Darkness , they will return to their original Divine Abode , along with all the beings who have chosen to enter the Light of their own freewill ( the viables ) .
The sun is the product of False Light .
Those who have chosen to enter the True Light by their own freewill will welcome this joyous news — the Return to Purity and True Unconditional Love and Peace is nigh .
The sceptical ones will continue to vainly mock in their own pitiful ignorance .
The desire for liberation from Darkness burns deeply within all children of the True Creator of Light .
This yearning for liberation is NOT a psychological escapism .
It is something that all True - Light beings have within themselves .
They all long for their return to their True Home .
Soon the " drumming " will begin — the cubes will all stop spinning — the fires will die — all matter will be gone forever .
The viable children of Light who have been trapped here for so long will return Home and rejoice upon their Liberation from Darkness .
Gluten free and wheat free , these all natural wraps are made with whole grain Ivory Teff and Millet flour , and are a great source of fiber .
Certified by GFCO , each wrap contains 15g of whole grains and are a perfect substitute for pizza crust , sandwich bread , chips or hamburger buns .
Heat and enjoy for optimal flavor and texture .
Fantastic , is n't it ?
Does n't get the credit it deserves .
What a classic .
My space station , I mean .
Since I expanded it 's even bigger than a Space Shark 's barnacle , and worth twice as much .
You 've seen the sights , I take it ?
Had a ride on the Oroflex ?
Taken a stroll around the biodeck ?
Marvellous , marvellous .
But you must be tired !
Have a seat .
No , not there !
That 's for Polvakian Gem Slugs .
You would n't walk straight for a month .
And your reputation ...
Maybe just stay standing .
And do n't touch anything , especially not me .
Came down with a nasty case of astro - gastrointestinal flu the other day and the doctors assure me it can be quite deadly .
You know , you do n't look like a tourist .
You 're much poorer , for one thing , and you 've got that determined glint in your eye , like a Borean metatiger slinking through the antigrass towards a kill .
Ah!
I understand .
You 're not here to see my station , recently voted # 9 holiday destination in the Adraxus cluster , recently voted # 12 cluster in the galaxy if I might add .
You 're here for the other thing .
You want to know why everyone has such fond memories of this Startopia game .
Well , I 'll tell you .
Note the kinda - face they 've kinda - given the laser turret in the upper left .
Startopia was a good idea to begin with .
Sim Space Station , basically , except it had so much more heart than that .
Instead of bothering you with the extraordinary pain in the ass that would be building life support systems , airlocks , power stations , water pipes and God knows what else , Startopia had you running a kind of autonomous galactic petrol station .
Aliens show up , and you extract money from them however you can while trying to keep casualties to a minimum .
It was Babylon 5 run by the Muppets , which is about as flippant a comparison as the game itself .
Looking back at Startopia , I think this easy , amused tone might have been the most appealing thing about it , and I do n't mean that in a negative way .
This game understood the same thing that Dungeon Keeper did and that Viva Piñata did n't [ * sprays coffee on keyboard * - Ed ] , which is n't particularly surprising since Mucky Foot was started by ex-Bullfrog employees .
Startopia understood the importance of giving the player a nice place to be .
You 're from Dematox 9 , an artificial world in the Oparay Ting system ?
My mother 's from there !
Hired !
Your station is a hugely seductive piece of design .
Wonderfully , going back to Startopia today it still charms and glitters , and not just because of the tattered miracle that is PC gaming and increased resolutions and whatnot .
It 's in the immutable things - the animations of your Scuzzer droids ( and their security counterparts , the Fuzzers ) as they go about their routine maintenance are all cute , and watching smaller aliens climb up onto waiting seats in your sickbay .
There 's the fact that you can read the bios and names of all your visitors ( Dr. Kerg Bifkin , Grubby Yonksjubbly , Ikipeep ) , and watch them jump for joy when you hire them .
EVERETT —
The man who would be Snohomish County ’s next prosecuting attorney wants to legalize marijuana for adults .
Jim Kenny today endorsed Initiative 1068 , which would legalize marijuana use , possession and cultivation .
He ’d previously made clear his support for decriminalization of possession of small amounts of marijuana , and recently supported a broader call for decriminalization of pot on his campaign Website .
Kenny said he ’s repeatedly heard from voters who are in support of legalizing marijuana .
“ Our country has been waging a war on drugs for over 40 years and its exorbitant costs can be measured in dollars and in human lives .
At some point elected officials need to say ‘ Enough is enough , ’ ” Kenny said in a press release .
The statewide committee backing I -1068 also put out a press release on Kenny ’s announcement .
“ It ’s flattering to be endorsed by a candidate for public office , especially one involving law enforcement , ” said Philip Dawdy , the initiative ’s campaign director and an initiative co-author .
The initiative group said Kenny is the first candidate for public office to endorse the initiative .
Backers still are gathering signatures to place the measure on the ballot .
Kenny is an assistant Seattle city prosecutor who handles misdemeanor cases .
He ’s running against Prosecuting Attorney Mark Roe , a career deputy prosecutor who was picked for the job in the fall by the county council .
Both men are Democrats .
Precinct officers for the Democratic Party last fall selected Kenny as their top choice to fill the position left open after former county prosecutor Janice Ellis stepped down to take a job with the Tulalip Tribes .
Roe said it is “ extremely simplistic ” to believe that legalizing marijuana would lead to significant costs savings for the county or the elimination of social ills .
Prosecuting cases involving small amounts of marijuana already is a low priority in Snohomish County , he said .
Meanwhile , alcohol and prescription pain medication are legal substances , but misuse of both contribute to crime problems , he said .
“ Prosecutors enforce laws .
we do n’t make them or repeal them , ” Roe said .
“ If voters or legislators repeal laws on marijuana we will stop prosecuting marijuana cases . ”
▼ Garment Information
Our standard mens t- shirts have been carefully sourced to ensure they are comfortable , soft and have a not too loose and not too tight " European " fit .
The mens tee has a ribbed collar , taped neck , high quality twin needle stitching and a tubular body , ensuring a great fit .
Material : 100 % ringspun cotton
Weight : 150gsm
Israel 's left may have already missed the opportunity to reach a permanent agreement with the Palestinians .
A considerable part of the blame for the failure falls with the Palestinians , but during the missed years - the critical years since the Oslo Accords - something important happened on the Israeli side : The Israel Defense Forces underwent a change .
The army plays a critical role in carrying out an agreement ( in withdrawing from territory and evacuating settlers ) , but also in ensuring security stability after the agreement is reached .
The trouble is that the IDF of 1993 is not the IDF of 2010 .
Here is what happened in the officers ' course for the infantry corps , the spearhead of the combat units , during that period :
In 1990 , 2 percent of the cadets enrolled in the course were religious ; by 2007 , that figure had shot up to 30 percent .
And this is how the intermediate generation of combat officers looks today : six out of seven lieutenant colonels in the Golani Brigade are religious and , beginning in the summer , the brigade commander will be as well .
In the Kfir Brigade , three out of seven lieutenant colonels wear skullcaps , and in the Givati Brigade and the paratroopers , two out of six .
In some of the infantry brigades , the number of religious company commanders has passed the 50 percent mark - more than three times the percentage of the national religious community in the overall population .
This is a generation of commanders committed to its missions , the IDF and the state .
It simply has roots in different areas than previous generations .
If you glanced at the lists in the company commanders ' offices 20 years ago , you could have seen considerable numbers of fighters from the greater Tel Aviv area and coastal plain .
This is of course a generalization that unfairly overlooks the exceptions , but the number of such soldiers today is negligible .
A few years ago , a Golani battalion commander found that only one of his soldiers was a resident of Tel Aviv .
Today , in a different capacity , a number of Tel Aviv residents serve with him - but all of them live " south of the Dolphinarium line , " referring to the city 's lower - income neighborhoods .
In terms of manpower , long - term processes have been set in motion .
The decision by left - wingers and members of kibbutzim to abandon Training Base 1 ( where officers ' courses take place ) in the wake of the first Lebanon war and the first intifada can be felt today among the brigadier generals , who are knocking at the doors of the General Staff in 2010 .
Many complain about how colorless the senior brass is today , something that can be partially explained by the fact that in the mid-1980s many recruits with potential waived their assignation to officers ' courses .
It is an open secret that in the IDF a certain sector of the population is divided mainly between Unit 8200 of Military Intelligence , the pilots ' course , the reconnaissance units and sometimes - with a world of difference - those who get a psychiatric exemption from service .
These people will hardly ever go to Golani or Kfir .
The abandonment of the combat infantry units will also be noticeable in the next 15 years in the General Staff .
The IDF has made mistakes in the territories and continues to do so , especially in the silent assistance it has given the illegal outposts over the years .
But describing it as an army of occupation troops is foolish and overlooks the truth .
The secular left - wing fell asleep on the job .
The empty ranks it left in its wake have been filled by others .
Even those who believe there is no choice other than a massive evacuation of the settlements should know that it will be extremely difficult to do this after the disengagement from Gush Katif .
In 2005 , the evacuation was carried out because Ariel Sharon did not bat an eyelid and the military acted accordingly .
The battalion commanders , for the most part , will obey orders next time as well , but it is hard to see how the company commanders who come from the settlements of Tapuah and Kedumim will answer the call to remove Jews from their homes .
It is no surprise that the top IDF brass is so fearful of such a scenario .
When the time comes for disengagement , perhaps the state may decide to temporarily redeploy regular troops to the Border Police .
It is doubtful whether it will be possible once again to rely on the IDF for that job .
ABOUT US
Welcome to Allen Properties
Allen Properties is a family owned apartment management company originally formed in 1978 .
Our portfolio of multi-family communities has grown over the past 40 years to 4,000 units in 85 locations throughout Southern California .
Allen Properties takes pride in our well - trained on - site employees , an immaculately maintained portfolio of properties , and a desire to have our residents feel completely " at home " in their apartment .
All of this is supported by a helpful staff in our Lake Forest office .
Allen Properties is committed to providing excellent customer service and timely maintenance response to all residents .
It is no wonder that referrals are a major source of new rentals for Allen Properties .
This is a good indication that we are doing things right .
Allen Properties will make your rental experience as smooth and trouble - free as possible .
From the application process to move in day , we are dedicated to providing you with efficient and friendly assistance .
Allen Properties … welcome home .
The day I ran over a child : A father 's haunting account of every driver 's worst nightmare
This is what happens and this is how it feels .
I was driving along a well - lit suburban street with my two small stepchildren in the back of the car .
We were on the way to pick up my wife , who had been working away for a few days , and were all excited about seeing her .
At the last minute we had arranged to meet at a different station than usual .
It was 6.35 on a dark February evening and I had some rather gloomy Radiohead music on the CD player .
Shock : Dr Nick Foreman describes the day he ran over a little boy and his aunt
In an instant , a few yards in front of me , was a small child .
He was followed by an adult .
I remember thinking ' What the… ' and then , out of reflex , hit my brakes .
The car skidded a short distance and I ran into both of them .
The child flew through the air , caught in the beam of my headlights .
I did n't see the adult .
I got out of the car , leaving the engine running and the door open .
Traffic had stopped behind me and on the other side of the road ahead of me .
For a very few seconds everything was still .
The child , who looked about three years old and was well wrapped in an anorak , was crying in a heap a few yards in front of my car ; the adult had been thrown farther .
Neither seemed to have any obvious injuries .
At this point I stopped thinking normally .
I had no idea what to do .
It was probably 30 seconds after the accident and already a crowd was appearing .
I realised that I needed to phone the emergency services and I went back to my car and got my phone .
I could n't bring myself to address my children in the back seat .
Ringing 999 seemed to take ages .
There was a dislocation between the absolute panic now enveloping me and the calm voice on the other end of the line .
I grabbed a bystander to ask where we were and they very sensibly gave me a postcode .
By this point , a large crowd had gathered .
My victims were clearly local , with lots of family and friends in the vicinity .
They surrounded the bodies lying on the road and after a few false starts at trying to be a doctor I gave up .
I could n't do anything beyond making sure that nobody was moved .
I felt incompetent and could only think that I had done this act .
I had actually done this .
Despite the unreality , this was really happening .
It became clearer what had happened .
The child had just got out of a car in a side street and had run towards the main road .
His aunt had screamed and run after him .
Both had run into my path .
Somebody tapped me on the shoulder .
' Are you all right , mate ?
I saw everything .
The kid ran out in front of you - there was nothing you could have done . '
' I felt incompetent and could only think that I had done this act .
I had actually done this .'
These were very kind words .
I remembered my children .
I put my head back into the car - both were crying .
I said everything was going to be all right , but I had no idea whether this was the truth .
On the road , nothing had changed .
I rang my wife , incoherent .
' Something awful has happened … '
She was calm , and calming .
She established where I was and said she'd be there shortly in a taxi .
The traffic was well backed up on either side of the car and neither the police nor ambulance had appeared .
It must have been about seven or eight minutes after the accident when an off - duty ambulance paramedic appeared and quickly took control of the scene with total authority .
After a further five minutes or so the police arrived - lots of them .
I was identified as the driver and was told to switch of my engine ( still running ) and to sit in my car .
At this point , my autonomy had been decisively removed .
Then a rapid response team arrived in an ambulance car .
Another five minutes after that , thank God , an ambulance .
I heard them apologise for being so long .
The police seemed to keep on getting me in and out of the car .
They were all very young , and were polite but firm .
They started to appeal for witnesses , who they began to interview as the ambulance men got out support stretchers carefully to move the bodies .
A man tapped on my car window .
I got out .
He said he was the child 's father .
He asked me if I was all right , and said he thought his son was going to be OK .
The paramedic then came over .
He told me not to be frightened about the stretchers .
He did n't think there was any major injury .
The ambulance sped off and a police sergeant appeared .
He was less friendly , and spent a long time inspecting my car - particularly the front of it .
He ordered the young policemen to chalk the road to identify my car position .
Then my wife appeared , walking along the road with her luggage .
We kissed and she checked that I was as well as could be expected .
The sergeant then allowed the car to be moved and one of the young policemen said he would take me home later .
My wife drove the car and the children home .
The police then explained that I would need to accompany them to the police station , where I would be breathalysed and they would take a statement .
Slow : Dr Nick Foreman now believes residential areas should have 20 mph speed limits
They asked me if I had been intimidated by the crowd ( I had n't ) .
The police were now friendly and sympathetic .
All the witnesses corroborated my story .
Slowly , my autonomy was returning .
The ride in the police car was short and the police station was cold .
I could n't stop shaking .
The breathalyser test was carefully explained and I passed it .
I was led through my witness statement by one policeman as another checked my car insurance and tax on their databases .
After that , I was told that no action would be taken against me because the incident was clearly an accident .
Then I was taken home by one of the young policemen , who was supportive and chatty .
He gave me his name and phone number and told me to ring him if I needed to talk .
This policeman rang me a day or two later and told me that the aunt and the child had no broken bones and were both at home nursing some bruising .
The aunt wanted to talk to me and he asked whether he could give her my phone number .
She rang me a few minutes later to tell me that she and her nephew were both well and to thank me for not driving fast .
I told her that it was brave of her to try to save the child and she laughed .
So , what has this experience done to me ?
Suddenly , a few speeding points on my licence do n't seem quite so innocent .
If you have any , you should also feel ashamed .
It is easy to exceed the speed limit and thank God on this occasion I was n't .
Nor was I fiddling with my mobile phone , sat nav or CD player - all of which I do , or have done .
I think I was probably going at 20 miles per hour at the point of impact .
Maybe , having read my story , now you will agree with me that this speed should be the limit in built - up areas .
[ Updated 7:45 p.m. ]
Read the full story on Lebron giving Cleveland the " edge " on CNN.com
[ Posted 2:26 p.m. ]
Two - time MVP basketball superstar LeBron James is on the cusp of free agency .
In an interview scheduled to air Friday with CNN's Larry King , James said his current team , the Cleveland Cavaliers , has the best chance of keeping him .
King :
Do you lean at all toward the place you know the best ?
I mean do they have an edge going in ...
JAMES : Oh , absolutely .
KING : ... your home team ?
JAMES : Absolutely .
Because , you know , this city , these fans , I mean , have given me a lot in these seven years .
And , you know , for me , it 's comfortable .
So I 've got a lot of memories here .
And - and so it does have an edge .
James has not talked to the media since the Cleveland Cavaliers were eliminated in the second round of the playoffs by the Boston Celtics .
Rib balloons of course have been used to push product since the beginning of pushing product — everything from Tiparillos to typing tutorials .
And now , via Russia , car insurance .
But not just any car insurance .
Car insurance from the largest insurance company in the country , Jump to watch the seriously NSFW pushing .
Imagine State Farm or All State running a spot like this .
The semi-cab rear - ending the bus is especially , um , jiggly .
I was worried for the Smart car bouncing head - on into the cement mixer .
The gloved hand shoving the ninja bike into the sports car was a nice touch , as was the website reveal at the end .
I ’d like to see a second spot in the campaign using ass cheeks .
| Via : adme.ru|
M.I.A. has released another promo single to promote her upcoming third studio album /\/\/\Y/\. Teqkilla is a Switch produced track that is full of dirty electro , beeps and blips and haunting vocals .
The songs taken from Â
/\/\/\Y/\ so far have been pretty solid , so she looks like she ’s going to have another hit album on her hands .
We are also still waiting for the Hype Williams - directed video for XXXO , which should be released any day now .
M.I.A. – Teqkilla
Audio clip : Adobe Flash Player ( version 9 or above ) is required to play this audio clip .
Download the latest version here .
You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser .
The Conservatives will allow nurseries to charge parents of three - and four - year - olds millions of pounds in " supplementary fees " if they form a government after 6 May , the Observer has learned .
Campaigners have described the move , which would end the guarantee of a free place for every child that age , as " a huge blow to parents " .
The party has kept the policy out of its election manifesto .
But in a letter seen by the Observer , shadow ministers have assured nursery providers that under a Conservative government they will be allowed to charge top - up fees – at least temporarily .
The move , which is designed to help struggling nurseries to survive , will require the party to suspend a code of practice put in place in 2006 that ruled out any additional fees .
Charities have warned that it could lead to the emergence of a two - tier system in nursery care .
Alison Garnham , chief executive of the Daycare Trust , a childcare charity , said : " Any attack on free entitlement will be a huge blow to parents throughout the country who feel crippled by the cost of childcare …
If the code is removed , providers will be given carte blanche to charge extra , and the value of these free places will be lost . "
Garnham described the guarantee of free places as a " landmark policy " .
The entitlement , which offers 12.5 hours a week for 38 weeks a year , is used by 97 % of children , including 559,400 four - year - olds and 541,700 three - year - olds .
In a survey of 2,500 mothers , carried out by the Daycare Trust , 69 % said they would be deterred from voting for a party that removed or reduced the entitlement .
Garnham said : " The free entitlement plays a vital role in improving child outcomes – this must continue , and the needs of children and families should come before the needs of the childcare industry . "
She urged politicians to assure parents that free care will be protected .
Anne Longfield , chief executive of the charity 4 Children , described the move as a " hugely retrograde step " that would hit the poorest .
" There is a worrying risk that a two - tier system develops in which those on lower incomes who need it most can no longer afford [ a nursery place ] . "
Ed Balls , the secretary of state for children , said any move to introduce top - up fees was utterly wrong .
" Let me be clear – under Labour the free entitlement will remain free , with no top - up charges for toddlers , and will be increased to 15 hours from September , " he said .
However , nursery providers warned the sector was in crisis .
It emerged yesterday that nearly 900 nurseries and playgroups in England shut last year – with many claiming that inadequate state funds for free places had made running the businesses financially untenable .
A campaign , known as Save Our Nurseries , has been calling for the suspension of the code of practice since 2006 .
The Conservatives say allowing nurseries to charge the top - up would be temporary while they tried to create a fairer funding formula to make the sector sustainable .
" The government has failed to ensure nurseries have enough funding to deliver free childcare , " said Maria Miller , shadow minister for the family .
" The situation really is critical and parents and children face a shortage of good - quality , affordable childcare in their area .
We really need to fix this mess and reform the structure so nurseries get the money they need to provide free hours . "
Purnima Tanuku , chief executive of the National Day Nurseries Association , said nurseries could not afford to sustain any further losses .
Seven out of 10 providers claim issues with the free entitlement are a serious threat to their survival and 15 % of them have warned that if the problem is not resolved they will pull out of the scheme .
WHOA !!!!!
That ’s really all I have to say .
Great fights .
Wow .
You saw it .
Yowzers .
First , a little history .
The concept for the BMW art cars was introduced by Hervé Poulain , an auctioneer and ardent racing driver from France .
Poulain was searching for a link between art and cars and he asked his friend and renowned artist Alexander Calder to paint a rolling canvas on the BMW 3.0 CSL that he would race in the 1975 Le Mans endurance race .
Poulain ’s 3.0 CSL was the first car to create a symbiosis between the world of art and the world of motorsport .
Prompted by enormous enthusiasm for this work of art on wheels , BMW then decided to put its brilliant idea of establishing the Art Car Collection into practice .
In the years that followed , this unique combination of motorsport and design fascinated the famous artists of our time – Frank Stella , Roy Lichtenstein and Andy Warhol have all turned BMW racing sportscars into Art Cars .
The complete collection of BMW art cars :
BMW 3.0 CSL art car – Alexander Calder 1975
Created by American sculptor Alexander Calder for his friend Herve Poulain , the BMW 3.0 CSL became the first piece of art of an exclusive and unique collection .
Calder ’s design of the BMW 3.0 CSL was the first Art Car ever , and one of his last works of art before he died in 1976 .
BMW 3.0 CSL art car – Frank Stella 1976
The second Bmw Art Car was created by Frank Stella , an American artist and a passionate motor racing fan , who used a black and white square grid pattern taking inspiration from the technical graph - paper .
In 1976 Frank Stella , an American artist and a passionate motor racing fan was commissioned to create the second Bmw Art Car : a BMW 3.0 CSL coupé .
BMW 320i art car – Roy Lichtenstein 1977
In 1977 Roy Lichtenstein turned a BMW 320i into a piece of his art that was driven by Poulain and Mignot at Le Mans 24 - hour race and finished 9th overall and first in class .
When Lichtenstein was drafting his Art Car , he spent a long time thinking about all the things that happen to a car .
The result of this critical examination of the car is an amazing blend of aerodynamic qualities on the one hand and artistic skill on the other .
BMW M1 art car – Andy Warhol 1979
The fourth Bmw Art Car , a BMW M1 , was created by the Pop Art legend Andy Warhol who , unlike the previous artists , worked directly on the full - scale vehicle and painted the car himself .
For Andy Warhol to paint an automobile seems natural .
His studio was known as a factory and his greatest fame came from portraying Campbell ’s Soup cans .
BMW 635CSI art car – Ernst Fuchs 1982
In 1982 Austrian painter Ernst Fuchs created the fifth Bmw Art Car , a 635 CSi .
He took his inspiration from a dream he had when he was 5 years old .
On the subject of his work , he says : “ In the painting , I gave expression to various experiences , fears , desires and implorations , but also to free artistic creation .
I call this car ‘ Firefox on Harehunt ’ .
It represents a hare racing across a motorway at night and leaping over a burning car the – primeval fear and bold dream of surmounting a dimension in which we live .
It tells me its colors , I read them in its lines and shape , I hear its speedy call and can already see the handsome hare leaping through flames of love , driving away fears . ”
BMW 635CSI art car – Robert Rauschenberg 1986
The Rauschenberg BMW 635 CSI Art Car – the sixth addition to BMW ’s collection of 15 Art Cars – is the first in which the artist used photographic methods to transfer images ( including images of famous classical paintings ) to the car .
Rauschenberg extended his use of Art Car motifs in his six - part , 1988 “ Beamer ” series – presented as transparent films on enameled aluminum and using his trademark collage techniques .
The paintings will be offered for sale from the artist ’s private collection .
The Rauschenberg car made its first appearance in 1986 at the BMW Gallery on Park Avenue in New York City , and in 1988 made its European debut in West Berlin .
Since then it has been exhibited across Europe and was a centerpiece of the acclaimed 1997 Rauschenberg retrospective at the Guggenheim Museum in New York City .
BMW M3 art car – Michael Jagamara Nelson 1989
After seven days of tireless work , the Australian artist , Michael Jagamara Nelson , transformed “ his ” black BMW M3 from the Motorsport section of BMW Australia into a masterpiece of Papunya art .
A draft whose geometric shapes appear deceptively abstract : those familiar with Australian mythology will recognize kangaroos or emus .
Papunya paintings , like those of Michael Jagamara Nelson , can be understood as aerial views of landscapes .
They feature diverse forms symbolizing water , caves , men and animals – and simultaneously embody religious myths ( “ dreamings ” ) which have been handed down from one Aboriginal generation to the next in the form of rock and cave paintings for thousands of years .
BMW 535i art car – Matazo Kayama 1990
In the design of the BMW 535i , Matazo Kayama wanted on the one hand to express his fascination with BMW technology and on the other evoke vivid associations with modern Japan .
He reverted to his earlier theme “ Snow , Moon and Flowers ” , but painted it in a totally new way using an airbrush .
To highlight the contrast and to emphasize the elegant quality of the car , Kayama sprayed fine blue shadows on parts of the silver bodywork and then used classical Japanese techniques in the second phase such as “ Kirigane ” ( metal cutting ) and “ Arare ” ( foil impression ) .
He cut out small pieces of silver , gold and aluminum foil individually and transferred them to the bodywork .
The result : Kayama ’s Art Car does not just reflect timeless aesthetics but at the same time extraordinary elegance .
BMW 730i art car – Cesar Manrique 1990
Cesar Manrique had a clear point of view on the design of the BMW 730i : in his eyes , the automobile s an indispensable feature of daily life ; it greatly influences the way we see the world around us .
It ’s no surprise , then , that the artistic examination of the car suggested itself to him .
When designing the car , Manrique particularly wanted to “ combine the notions of speed and aerodynamics with the concept of aesthetic appeal in one object . ”
And he succeeded : glowing colors and broad , sweeping strokes which blend into the outlines of the car are suggestive of effortless gliding and graceful movement .
BMW Z1 art car – A.R. Penck 1991
For A.R. Penck , the BMW Z1 was already a “ work of art ” , in which the creativity and fantasy of the engineer and designer were reflected .
An automobile then which simultaneously lives up to the name Art Car in several senses .
And it was from the technical design of the Z1 that Penck drew his inspiration for his work .
The artist set the modern appearance of the car in contrast with the sign language , which in its simplicity recalls prehistoric cave paintings .
However , it is at the same time a challenge to the observer , as the apparently straightforward symbols , evolved by a long process of abstraction , are in fact ciphers to be decoded .
BMW 525i art car – Esther Mahlangu 1991
“ My art has evolved from the tribal tradition of decorating our homes ” , said the South African painter Esther Mahlangu of her work .
With the painting of the BMW 525i , she wanted to link this handed - down art form to the modern appearance of the automobile .
A challenge that Mahlangu mastered outstandingly with the creation of the first African Art Car .
In order to get a feeling for the completely new medium , the artist first of all painted the door of another BMW , before she ventured to create “ her ” Art Car .
Within a week , she transformed the 5 Series saloon into a masterpiece of African Ndebele art – and established herself as the first woman in the list of international Art Car artists .
BMW 3 Series racecar art car – Sandro Chia 1992
“ Paint me , paint me ! ” these are the words the surface of the BMW called to him , said Sandro Chia on his first meeting with the prototype of a 3 Series racing touring car .
So he painted faces and a sea of vivid colors until the bodywork of the car was completely covered . ”
The automobile is a sought - after possession in society ” , reflected Chia when he had finished his work .
“ All eyes are upon it .
People look closely at cars .
This car reflects their gaze . ”
The design of the 13th BMW Art Car was not Chia ’s first artistic adventure with an automobile : as a child , he drew graffiti on cars .
BMW 850 CSi art car – David Hockney 1995
“ BMW gave me the model of the car and I kept looking at it and looking at it ” , says David Hockney on the creation process of his BMW Art Car .
“ And then , I must admit , I also looked at the other Art Cars .
In the end I thought , probably it would be good to perhaps show the car so you could be looking inside it .
“ To turn his idea into reality , Hockney took several months and allowed the inside of the BMW 850 CSi to be outwardly visible .
Stylized intake manifolds of the engine appear on the hood , and the silhouette of the driver can be seen on the door .
And you do n’t just see the inside of the car , but also excerpts of an abstract landscape .
Because “ traveling around in a car means experiencing landscapes ” , says Hockney , “ which is one of the reasons why I chose green as a color . ”
BMW V12 LMR art car – Jenny Holzer 1999
The American concept artist , Jenny Holzer , has covered the 15th Art Car , a BMW V12 LMR , with surprising messages – messages that she says “ will probably never lose their relevance ” .
The expression of her concept is based on traditional features , colours and graphics of the racing car design .
Chrome letters made of reflecting metal foil , outlined with phosphorescent colour , give the text an almost magic light effect .
What is crucial for the perception of her word art is the context in which it is presented .
“ Protect me from what I want ” – seen against the backdrop of the most spectacular car race in the world , with its battle for places and prestige , the word artist ’s plea for survival gains a whole new meaning .
“ You are so complex you do n’t respond to danger ” – a provocation that could not have been put better when referring to the world of motor racing .
Jenny Holzer ’s V12 LMR takes the BMW Art Car idea back to its roots : Le Mans .
BMW H2R art car – Olafur Eliasson 2007
Eliasson ’s project transforms an object of advanced industrial design into a work of art that critically and poetically reflects on the relationship between global warming and the automotive industry .
The BMW H2R race car , a hydrogen - powered vehicle , was developed to attain speed records while pursuing a sustainable future based on the use of regenerative fuel .
Eliasson has removed the car ’s outer shell and replaced it with a complex , translucent skin made of steel mesh , reflective steel panels , and many layers of ice .
“ Movement has consequences for self - perception ” .
BMW Z4 art car – Robin Rhode 2009
Imagine a canvas nearly as large as a football field .
On it bold , swirling shapes in primary colors like red , yellow and blue .
As the eye uncovers the rhythm of the lines , curves , circles and color splotches , something else is revealed : these forms must have been created by tire treads !
A work of art like no other , created by an artist like no other – the new BMW Z4 Roadster .
Robin Rhode and his team executed the project in 12 hours .
That was also the time frame essentially allotted to director Jake Scott and his crew in which to shoot the Z4´s chromatic driving movements .
The challenge was that each segment of his film for the BMW campaign needed to be “ just right ” the first time around .
BMW M3 GT2 art car – Jeff Koons 2010
At the premiere of the 17th BMW Art Car Jeff Koons unveiled and signed his car in front of 300 international VIP guests on June 1 in the Centre Pompidou , one of the world ’s most prestigious cultural institutions for modern and contemporary art .
It is the same place where Roy Lichtenstein back in 1977 first presented and signed his Art Car .
Koons has been in an intense collaboration with BMW ’s team in Munich for months – melding his skill with sophisticated BMW engineering – to ensure that the 17th BMW Art Car will be race - ready for the 24 Hours of Le Mans .
The Social Analyst is a weekly column by Mashable Co-Editor Ben Parr , where he digs into social media trends and how they are affecting companies in the space .
All eyes are on Facebook .
Ever since Facebook revealed Facebook Open Graph , the world 's largest social network has been getting hammered by tech pundits , mainstream media and its users .
Facebook 's used to this type of uproar after it changes something , but in my time tracking Facebook , I 've never seen anything like this .
Not even the Facebook News Feed fiasco of 2006 had U.S. Senate scrutiny .
Facebook Open Graph has clearly struck a nerve with a lot of people .
Is Facebook betraying its users , though ?
Has Facebook compromised user privacy ?
After taking a lot of time to absorb the arguments and the big picture , I 'm weighing in , and I doubt that my conclusion is going to be popular .
The central problem is that people believe that Facebook and the web in general should be able to protect the information we post online .
I argue that this is untrue , because it goes against the fundamental design of Facebook , social media , and the web itself .
We should be relying on ourselves for our privacy , and not turning Facebook into our convenient scapegoat .
True : Facebook Should Have Communicated Better
On April 21st , Facebook announced Open Graph , a platform for personalizing the web browsing experience on third - party websites and without logging into Facebook .
It makes sense : Open Graph is spreading the tentacles of the social network across the web , making its presence and power known through the social plugins and " Like " buttons now plastered across the web .
The media and some of Facebook 's users have n't fallen in line , though .
Some technology pundits have deleted their accounts , all in the name of privacy .
Mainstream media is hammering Facebook .
There are even Quit Facebook Days being planned , although it 's unclear how many people will actually bite the bullet .
While I 've seen Facebook 's users exude more anger than this in past incidents , this is the first time I 've seen the media pile up so much on the world 's largest social network .
Clearly Facebook screwed up .
Critics have a legitimate point saying that Facebook 's privacy options are too complicated .
More importantly , Facebook has n't been communicating with its 425 + million users like it should : a Q&A with Facebook VP Elliot Schrage on the New York Times blog just does n't cut it .
I 'm especially critical about Facebook 's lack of communication on the situation .
I expected Mark Zuckerberg to write a blog post letting users know that Facebook is listening , despite previously stating that privacy is dead .
He has done this before , and it went a long way to appeasing the angry masses .
Mark , better late than never .
You need to personally respond in an open letter on the Facebook blog .
The Truth About the Web
In 2006 , while I was still a junior at Northwestern University , I started a group called Students Against Facebook News Feed .
It was the largest protest group against News Feed , which had recently launched at the time .
My concern was privacy : I thought that Facebook was violating my privacy and not giving me enough options to control it .
750,000 + other Facebook users agreed — nearly 10 % of the user base at the time .
Facebook appeased us with more privacy controls , but they did n't take down News Feed .
It has turned out to be the right decision .
News
Feed has become a central pillar of Facebook and indeed of all social media .
Here 's what I said about News Feed , two years after the controversy :
" Here ’s the major change in the last two years :
We are more comfortable sharing our lives and thoughts instantly to thousands of people , close friends and strangers alike .
The development of new technology and the rocking of the boat by Zuckerberg has led to this change . "
I actually agree with Mark : Privacy is dead , and social media is holding the smoking gun .
Facebook , social media , and even the web itself are designed to share information .
While you can be ( justifiably ) angry about Facebook 's lack of communication over the privacy issue , to believe that information on Facebook or other social networks is inherently private or " yours " is just wrong .
I do n't care if you have taken every precaution to keep your information private to just a few people : all it takes is one friend copying and pasting that information and posting it somewhere else to " breach " the privacy wall .
The truth is that the privacy wall did n't exist in the first place .
The web makes the transmission of information easier than ever .
Social media makes spreading that information an even simpler task .
An embarrassing picture can go from Facebook upload to public blog post in a matter of minutes .
Even if you do n't participate in any type of social media , someone can still take what they know about you and put it online .
The web is a network of information , and information has no walls .
Protecting Our Privacy Is Up to Us , Not Facebook
The web is now the world 's social platform , and expecting any privacy controls or security settings to protect us is just irresponsible .
Facebook 's not the enemy : it 's just the latest scapegoat for our fears and concerns surrounding the new world in which we live .
Before the web , if you wanted to keep something private , you did n't talk about it .
It was easier to track whether or not someone was spilling your secrets because you did n't have as many suspects .
That 's not true if you post information online , though .
What was once gossip is now a " privacy leak . "
Why do we still expect anything to stay private in the YouTube and Facebook world ?
More and more , our habit is to share the pictures we take on our camera phones on Facebook , to share what we say over Twitter , and to upload the videos we record on our Flips .
Almost everything is being caught by some form of social media these days .
Protecting our privacy starts with us , not Facebook .
While the company should have more clearly communicated its recent privacy changes , if you did n't want your pictures shared with the rest of the world , you should n't upload them in the first place .
Actually , in the social media world , you should n't be placing yourself in positions where people can take embarrassing photos of you .
Yes , it 's unfortunate that the dumb mistakes teenagers make are getting posted online for the world to see , but that 's how the world works now .
Facebook is n't to blame for how the web has changed our world .
They are just embracing emerging trends and making the web more efficient in their wake .
Being able to broadcast what I like on the web to all of my friends is smart , and making it easy for me to do that ( via " Like " buttons ) is brilliant .
I defend Facebook 's ambitious Open Graph project , because it does make the browsing experience better : syncing the interests I 've posted to the website I visit is a natural extension of the Facebook platform , not a coldly - calculated invasion of my privacy .
It will prove to be an innovation that makes the web more useful and more social .
Facebook Is the Wrong Target for Our Anger
I think what I said a year ago about social media , Facebook News Feed , and privacy still sums up my feelings best , so I want to quote my past self one more time :
" The thing we ’ve realized is that we still have control over our privacy .
It ’s called choice .
If you ’re uncomfortable with speaking to people digitally , you can decline to sign up for those social media websites .
Or you update them differently than others .
I can either block relationship updates from News Feed or , in my case , I just never update about it .
News
Feed truly launched a revolution that requires us to stand back to appreciate .
Privacy has not disappeared , but become even easier to control – what I want to share , I can share with everyone .
What I want to keep private stays in my head .
All of this in just two years .
Just imagine how social media will change our society in two more .
I look forward to sharing my life and my experience with even more people .
I ’m not afraid of losing my privacy anymore .
You should n’t be , either . "
I defend Facebook because it is the wrong target for our anger .
It has done more to bring people together than any technology of the last five years , and the good it has brought far outweighs the bad .
We made the decision to turn our personal information over to a private company , and for the most part Facebook made good use of it .
Quitting Facebook wo n't solve the privacy conundrum : common sense and better education about how privacy has changed will .
This debate has once again exposed the gap between how the world has changed and our assumptions about how the world works or should work .
Attacking Facebook wo n't help us come to terms with our society 's struggle over the changing nature of privacy .
The teabaggers claimed Scott Brown as one of their first victories .
So , what ’s he doing now that he ’s in the Senate ?
Aiding and abetting the lobbyists for Wall Street .
Yes , as the conference committee on the Wall Street reform bill enters its final stages , the NY Times reports :
As Congress rushes this week to complete the most far - reaching financial reform plan in decades , the banking industry is mounting an 11th - hour end run
And , who is doing the bidding of the bankers ?
Scott Brown :
The three main changes under consideration would be a carve - out to exclude asset management and insurance companies outright , an exemption that would allow banks to continue to invest in hedge funds and private equity firms , and a long delay that would give banks up to seven years to enact the changes .
In particular , the provisions , sought by Senator Scott Brown , Republican of Massachusetts , and several other lawmakers , would benefit Boston - based money management giants like Fidelity Investments and State Street Corporation .
But the biggest Wall Street firms would be helped as well .
For example , JPMorgan Chase would be able to retain its Highbridge Capital Management unit , and Goldman Sachs could hold on to several large hedge funds , including its flagship Global Alpha franchise .
Morgan Stanley could keep FrontPoint Partners and several other smaller hedge funds .
Why would Scott Brown be doing so much for the bankers ?
Because , they funded his campaign .
Heavily funded him .
That ’s the dirty little secret about Brown ’s campaign .
He did n’t win because the teabaggers liked him .
He won because Wall Street bankers poured money into his campaign .
And , now he ’s showing that he ’s a wholly owned subsidiary of Wall Street .
$ 450,000 in six days :
In a six - day span just before the US Senate election , Republican Scott Brown collected nearly $ 450,000 from donors who work at financial companies , a sign the industry is prepared to spend heavily in the upcoming midterm elections to beat back new controls and taxes President Obama wants to impose .
The donations , from hundreds of financial executives , far exceeded what Brown received from doctors and others in the health care industry in the final days of the campaign .
They ’re getting their money ’s worth now as Brown tries to weaken the Wall Street reform bill .
I ’ve posted this before , but it ’s still relevant .
On January 19th , the day Brown won , I was listening to a Boston radio station and tweeted one of the things I heard :
Just heard on Boston ’s WBZ : “ I voted for Scott Brown .
I ’m a banker .
There is n’t a banker alive who voted for Martha Coakley ”
That quote makes even more sense on June 21 , 2010 .
" Sometimes I get a little annoyed , " says Max Desfor .
He is a former Associated Press photographer who covered the Korean War and has been invited by the South Korean government to take part in commemorations marking the 60th anniversary of the start of the war .
" I ask anyone who'll listen - why do they celebrate the start of the war ?
They celebrate the start , of course , because it 's never ending - it 's still going on . "
The US , which backed the South , and North Korea signed a temporary truce in July 1953 , but there was never a peace treaty .
Technically they are still at war .
" The North Koreans invaded Korea , South Korea , and I immediately volunteered my services to the AP and said , ' I will cover that war ' and my boss said , ' the war is n't going to last more than two weeks ! ' "
Pulitzer prize
I met Max at the Korean War Memorial on the Mall in Washington DC .
The 96 - year - old has long since retired , but still carries a camera and stops to snap pictures as we talk .
Image caption Pulitzer - prize winning image of Korean refugees crossing a wrecked bridge
" By this time , the troops - the North Koreans chasing the South Koreans - they were in a position about 15 or 20 miles south of Seoul and I caught up with the troops ... that was my first coverage of the Korean War . "
That coverage , and in particular an image he captured of Korean refugees crossing a wrecked bridge , earned him a Pulitzer Prize in 1951 .
" This incredible sight I saw , with Koreans fleeing from the north bank of the Taedong River , crawling through and into and above and onto the broken - down bridge , it was like ants crawling through the girders , " he said .
" They carried what little possessions they had on their heads or strapped to their shoulders , and on the north side I saw thousands more lined up waiting to do the same thing , waiting to crawl and join the rest of them . "
While in Korea , Max says he always wanted to go where the action was - whether it was with US soldiers or the South Koreans - and he was free to do so .
Image caption Max was in the first wave - he landed , turned and captured this shot
" Embedding was not a term we used in Korea .
We were not directed as to whom to go with .
We were completely on our own .
" I chose to stay with troops that were on the frontline , " Max said .
That freedom of movement meant he was in the right place at the right time , time and time again .
" After the Inchon landing , we started chasing the North Koreans and the Chinese military northwards .
" It was just about mid-way from Seoul to Pyonyang when I heard of a parachute jump that was going to take place ... it was incredible - what an experience it is to make a parachute jump .
" As soon as I landed , I had my camera ready to shoot and I got a picture of the second wave .
They were all leaving their planes and you see this flight of parachutes coming down - that 's the picture I wanted . "
Image caption Max Desfor covered the Korean War as an Associated Press photographer
Being so deeply entrenched with the troops sometimes meant becoming involved in the story he was covering .
Max described a picture he shot when he was travelling in convoy .
" We made a pit stop and I walked a short distance through the snow .
Suddenly I saw a pair of hands sticking up through the snow , and right along side of it was a black hole .
" I pointed this out to the commanding officer of the outfit I was with and they started immediately digging it out .
The man 's hands were bound and that black hole , they determined , was where he breathed his last through the snow . "
Max says he later learned the whole story of the man in the field .
Image caption Max Desfor says US soldiers did not get the recognition they deserved
The American soldiers dug up the area around him and discovered about 100 other bodies under the snow - men , women and children .
They had been shot and killed by fleeing North Koreans , who had panicked as UN troops closed in on them .
Max has nothing but admiration for the American soldiers he spent time with in Korea , not least because they did n't get the heroes ' welcome he believes they deserved .
" The Korean War is labelled as ' the Forgotten War ' , and the main reason is they never got a parade when they got back , they never got relief , they never were cited for their effort for the work that was done .
They were just completely forgotten . "
BREAKING NEWS … 2ND UPDATE : Is this the beginning of the end of another Hollywood agency era ?
My sources tell me that , after months and months of negotiations with potential financial partners pursued by CAA , the agency has focused on KKR — Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co , the NYC - based private equity firm .
The deal being bargained is for KKR to invest a whopping $ 200 M in Hollywood ’s most powerful agency .
That ’s a huge cash infusion considering that CAA ’s revenues were around $ 300 M in 2007 before the financial crisis struck .
So why does CAA need so much money ?
This is n’t just for CAA ’s sports business , despite the fact it ’s a notoriously expensive enterprise ( because of the size of upfront investments in players that do n’t pay off for many years ) and the powerhouse sports agents which the agency has assembled in recent years ( who are already not - so - quietly complaining about their compensation packages ) .
And this is n’t just an alternative to self - financing their growth into other businesses like sports production , video games , and other entertainment arenas .
No , this is much more about CAA needing to raise additional cash as a liquidity event for its partners .
They say that CAA ’s 2nd generation of owners — one - time Young Turks : Bryan Lourd , Kevin Huvane , Richard Lovett , Doc O’Connor — are upfront about their desires to cash out of the agency business .
That does n’t mean they are going to leave right away — because of my story CAA today was busy denying any exits are imminent — but they ’ve expressed that desire often enough of late .
Lourd has always said he wanted to move to NYC as soon as his daughter with Carrie Fisher turns age 18 , which she does this year , and to leave the agency biz for the corporate world .
Huvane has always talked about wanting to put his own life before his clients ’ in the not - so - distant future , and the ever - partying agent thinks that time is near .
O’Connor has been complaining about how tired he is of the agency business and its constant demands .
Lovett , whom many have thought might be a lifer in the tenpercent biz , has pressing financial needs because of his still - not - final divorce and is blamed by his partners for over - spending and thus over - extending CAA ’s financial resources .
( Expanding into the sports biz was his idea because he hero - worshipped IMG founder Mark McCormack . )
And there ’s always the next generation of younger agents coming up through the ranks who want more of a stake in the agency than the partners want to give them .
The same thing happened in 1995 when CAA founding partners Mike Ovitz , Ron Meyer and Bill Haber turned over the agency to Lourd , Huvane , Lovett , and O’Connor who were threatening to leave .
Meanwhile , the four were once seven , but the partner ranks have been thinned by eliminating first Tom Ross ( once head of music ) , then Lee Gabler ( once head of television ) , and most recently Rick Nicita ( senior talent agent ) .
CAA has shown it can navigate the rough seas of the agency biz after principals exit .
Outraged at the environmental catastrophe in the Gulf of Mexico , a movement to boycott BP is growing across the country .
Adding to the catastrophe are recent reports of workers employed on cleanup who are being hospitalized with rashes and respiratory problems .
A Facebook page in support of the boycott has 250,000 fans , doubling in just three days .
The consumer group Public Citizen , originally set up by Ralph Nader , is avidly supporting the effort and has an online petition as well .
Public Citizen is calling for a three - month boycott .
Public Citizen ’s head , Robert Weissman , said BP must pay because “ 11 oil workers are dead .
One of the largest oil spills in U.S. history continues to worsen .
BP ’s oil gusher at the floor of the Gulf of Mexico may be 100 times worse than BP first estimated ( and 20 times worse than the company presently claims ) .
100 times ! ”
BP allegedly refused to install a half - million - dollar safety device that could have averted the catastrophe .
BP chief Tony Hayward initially grossly downplayed the effect of the spill .
The Financial Times quotes him saying , “ I think the environmental impact of this disaster is likely to have been very , very modest . ”
Democracy for America is lending support to the demand for a boycott , suggesting its one million members buy gas elsewhere .
Talkingpointsmemo.com quotes the organization ’s chairman Jim Dean : “ Even as we await the results of the latest attempt to stop the flow of oil gushing from the well BP continues to not allow anyone other than themselves the ability and access to fully investigate the extent of the problems . ”
Over the Memorial Day weekend , local grassroots protests cropped up at BP stations across the country .
T - shirts calling for the boycott are being sold online as well .
In Virginia , CharlottesvilleDailyProgress.com quotes Brandon Collins , a Charlottesville resident who helped to organize a local protest , as saying , “ We ’re here to express our outrage over the whole situation . ”
He was holding a sign that read : “ Clean Up , Not Cover Up . ”
Big business interests are started to feel the heat .
The LA Times editorialized against a boycott , claiming BP is the wrong target : “ It ’s not surprising that people want to take action to express their despair over the ruin of one of the country ’s richest coastal ecosystems , but attacking BP is n’t the answer . ”
The Los Angles paper calls for focusing attention on Washington instead , where a Senate climate bill would allow for increased offshore drilling .
It is likely , however , that a sophisticated pubic will concentrate on both targets , realizing that pressure must be brought to bear in every way possible .
BP , which recorded record profits this year , is apparently beginning to feel the effects of widespread dismay and plummeting stocks .
Its stock has lost a quarter of its value from recent highs .
Companies owned by BP include Aral , am pm , Arco , Castrol , and Wild Bean Café .
Photo : http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.0/deed.en
BP PLC engineers struggled over the weekend to overcome problems with a containment dome the company hopes might capture much of the oil spilling into the Gulf of Mexico .
Challenges with the dome come as White House officials , U.S. lawmakers and others in the industry ask whether BP failed to foresee and prepare for a disaster of this scale , as doubts deepen over the company 's ability to handle the spill .
BP ...
Show full PR text
brite - View CinemaGo with Internet Radio Debuts
The Perfect Compact Player , CinemaGo Offers Personalized Entertainment at Home or on the Go
SAN JOSE , Calif. , June 30 / PRNewswire / -- brite - View by Xpike Innovation yesterday launched the CinemaGo ( BV - 5005HD Mini CG ) , a special version of the highly successful CinemaTube ( BV - 5005HD ) .
The small , sleek CinemaGo's eSATA interface data transfer speed is three times faster than a USB 2.0 interface .
CinemaGo also includes a Wi -Fi adapter for easy network access , a torrent download feature and MUZEE internet radio channels .
CinemaGo's vivid 1080 p high - definition picture quality can be displayed on HDTV in all video formats , including MOV , WMV , MKV , AVI , VOB , DIVX , FLV and RMVB .
Content can be delivered from a locally attached hard drive via the home network or the internet .
MUZEE broadcasts thousands of sports , music , news and talk show channels from 210 countries .
San Francisco
Giants fans can listen to KNBR in a Miami hotel room , and music fans can groove to the latest European dance hits on Digitally Imported .
The CinemaGo's compact design is perfect for enjoying personalized entertainment whether at home or on the go , even in the car .
The eSATA interface , a feature requested by brite - View customers , lets users watch Blu-ray movies without waiting for the movies to load .
Networking multiple CinemaGo devices enables content streaming and file transfer between attached hard drives .
" A good digital media player transforms your TV into an entertainment hub , showing content from your computer , a storage device or the network , " said Robert Lo , CEO of Xpike Innovation .
" The CinemaGo does exactly that , with the potential to do much more . "
Lo said talks with partners are ongoing , and hinted that firmware upgrades may bring even more web - based content and services to the CinemaGo .
The CinemaGo is available now for pre-order on brite - View 's website for $ 109.99 .
About Xpike Innovation , Inc. ®
Xpike Innovation , Inc. designs and manufactures consumer electronics that spice up your living room without breaking the bank .
Xpike Innovation is a leading provider of home networking applications , online media access and digital home solutions , including full - HD media players / streamers featuring torrent download , powerline Ethernet adapters and 1080 p HD wireless transmission kits .
Backed by nearly 30 years of electronics industry experience , Xpike Innovation products provide rich Internet - based multi-media user experiences for consumers to enjoy with their HDTVs .
brite - View™ is a brand owned by Xpike Innovation , Inc .
Like the rest of the world , Google Earth has its attention turned to the World Cup this week .
The result : an amped - up 3D tour of every single stadium that will host the tournament 's games .
Advertisement
We 'd seen a similar demonstration of Google Earth 's 3D mapping prowess when they took on New York City in April , but I think I prefer the topical approach here .
The photorealism , the driving drumbeat ; it 's almost enough to make this uncultured American interested in soccer .
Almost .
Advertisement
The highlight reel Google put together above is enough to satisfy my World Cuplust , but true devotees can explore each stadium in depth and at their leisure here .
Got plans to watch USA - England on Saturday ?
Start with Royal Bafokeng Stadium .
[ Google SketchUp Blog ]
Most of the time , the body 's blood - forming ( hematopoietic ) stem cells remain dormant , with just a few producing blood cells and maintaining a balance among the different types .
However , invading bacteria can be a call - to - arms , awaking the sleeping stem cells and prompting them to produce immune system cells that fight the foreign organisms .
The " bugler " that awakes the stem cells in this battle is gamma interferon , a front - line protein defender against bacterial infection , said researchers from Baylor College of Medicine in a report that appears in the current issue of the journal Nature .
" We are looking at the normal function of stem cells , " said Dr. Margaret Goodell , professor of molecular and human genetics at BCM and director of the Stem Cells and Regenerative Medicine ( STaR ) Center .
She is the report 's senior author .
" One of those is to respond to an infection . "
Goodell and her colleagues knew that cells farther along in the differentiation process responded to infection , increasing the production of immune cells .
" We were sure there was a mechanism by which hematopoietic stem cells respond to infection , but it was not obvious , " she said .
They started their work with gamma interferon because they knew it played an important role in bacterial infection .
The collaboration and talents of two researchers in her laboratory - first co-authors Drs. Megan T. Baldridge and Katherine Y. King - facilitated the work with mice that led to this finding , said Goodell .
Both are at BCM .
" I think our findings represent an exciting new avenue for studying hematopoiesis , " said King .
" By viewing the hematopoietic stem cell as the source of the immune system , we are finding fundamental ways in which the immune response affects bone marrow .
This is the first time that anyone has extensively studied hematopoietic stem cells in the context of an in vivo model ( a living organism ) of infection . "
" As a specialist in infectious diseases , I see many patients whose bone marrow no longer produces sufficient blood cells as a consequence of their infection .
This is particularly relevant in chronic infections such as mycobacterial diseases ( that include tuberculosis ) and AIDS , " said King .
" Our studies lend insight into the causes of this decrease in bone marrow function during such infections , and I hope the work will someday lead to new therapies . "
Studies in mice with a chronic or long - term infection called Mycobacterium avium show that a greater proportion of a particular subset of their cells called long - term hematopoietic ( blood - forming ) stem cells are active .
Gamma interferon prompts this activity .
Mice that lack gamma interferon have fewer of these stem cells active during infection .
These findings show that gamma interferon not only activates stem cells during infection , but also regulate stem cells in normal times , enabling them to maintain the types of blood cells that exist in proportion or homeostasis .
" Our model predicts that bacterial infection detected by sentinel immune cells stimulates the increased release of gamma interferon , which then travels through the blood stream to activate HSCs ( hematopoietic stem cells ) in the bone marrow , leading to expansion and mobilization of the immune progenitor pool ( the cells that ultimately produce immune system cells ) , " the researchers wrote .
They found that sustained activity by the hematopoietic stem cells can lead to at least transient problems with the quality of the stem cells and their abilities to stimulate production of more immune system cells .
" One of the most important things we found is the chronic infections ( such as tuberculosis or HIV / AIDS ) may be lead to bone marrow exhaustion , " said Baldridge .
" We knew that a condition called anemia of chronic disease exists , and this could be one of the contributing factors . "
Explore further
Theory of single stem cell for blood components challenged
Let 's get out of the pub for a bit !
Where : Jones Bridge Park - Pavilion # 2 ( the small one closest the playground )
Directions are on the website : http://www.gwinnettcounty.com/portal/gwinnett/Departments/CommunityServices/ParksandRecreation/OurParksandFacilities/GuidetoYourParks/JonesBridgePark
When : Saturday , June 12th from 11 AM - 3PM
How Much : $ 5 per person , to offset the costs of renting the pavilion and the food .
We will provide meat ( and grilling services ) , chips , soda , mustard / ketchup , and plates / napkins / cups / forks / knives .
Please feel free to bring along anything that goes well with burger / hotdogs , or anything else to sling on the grill .
Also , I 'll bring a Frisbee .
Maybe some other lawn / park type games for anyone who 's interested .
There 's a volleyball net in a sand pit , if anyone has a volleyball .
If you have little ones ( kids or dogs ) , they are welcome !
Hope to see you there !
Christian
For most of us , borrowing money is a fact of life .
It has to be done .
While cash can be used for most things , a completely cash lifestyle just is n’t practical in a world where your ability to manage your credit affects non-loan aspects of your finances ( like getting a job or an apartment ) as well as whether or not you can get a loan .
Like anything financial , it is a good idea to plan your borrowing .
You are more likely to avoid the traps of a debt lifestyle if you are careful about when you borrow , and what you borrow for .
Here are 3 simple tips for borrowing smart .
1. Only Borrow What You Need
Not too long ago , the conventional wisdom said that some debt was “ good ” and other debt was “ bad . ”
The debate still rages over whether or not mortgage debt and student loan debt is “ good . ”
However , many people — and I ’m one of them — consider debt for education and buying a home as acceptable , even if it is n’t exactly “ good . ”
Just because it ’s acceptable , though , does n’t give you an excuse to get carried away .
Think about what you need , and borrow as little as you can get away with .
In the case of education , it may mean going to a less expensive school , saving up , and looking for a part - time and / or scholarship to reduce the amount that needs to be borrowed .
For a home , it means considering a home that meets your needs , without getting too carried away with homes that might be a little bit beyond your means .
Just because someone will approve you for a loan , does n’t mean you should borrow that much .
Whether it ’s for a car , education or a home , borrow as little as you possibly can .
The same rule applies if you are using a credit card to build your credit history .
Charge only a small amount each month , rather than putting large purchases that you do n’t actually have the money for on your credit card .
2. Get the Best Interest Rate
Your interest rate can affect how much you pay over the long haul on your loan .
Interest is what you pay for the privilege of borrowing the money ; you do n’t get any goods or experiences in exchange for the interest you pay .
The higher your interest rate , the more interest you pay , increasing the amount of your money going directly into someone else ’s pocket .
Part of getting the best interest rate is shopping around and getting different loan rates , and choosing the lowest you can get .
The other part is making sure that you are eligible for a good interest rate on your loan .
This means that you need to pay attention to cultivating a good credit score .
Make your payments on time , keep your debt level low , and display responsible financial behavior .
If you have a good credit score , you will be eligible for the best interest rates .
3. Pay Your Debt Off as Quickly as Possible
Finally , whenever you borrow money , you should have a plan to pay it off as quickly as you possibly can .
Get the shortest loan term you can manage , and if you have to get a longer loan term , make it a point to pay a little extra toward the principal whenever possible .
When building credit with a card , make sure that you pay off whatever you charge within two or three months .
Save up money ahead of time to make a down payment , or to pay for something you buy using a credit card .
The faster you pay off your loan , the less interest you pay .
Make sure that any loan agreement you sign does not have a prepayment penalty .
It is possible to borrow smart , without things getting out of hand .
But it helps to have a plan to pay the debt off quickly , and to borrow as little as possible to begin with .
Drilling the relief well ( Image : Gerald Herbert - pool / Getty Images )
If you think threading a needle is difficult , imagine drilling into an 18 - centimetre - wide cylinder 5500 metres below the sea floor .
That is the challenge facing BP engineers as they attempt to drill two relief wells in the Gulf of Mexico in a bid to stem the flow of oil from the stricken Deepwater Horizon .
A relief well aims to bisect the original well casing , enabling engineers to pump in mud and concrete to seal up the well .
All previous attempts to plug the leaking well have failed , so relief wells are the last resort , says Greg McCormack at the University of Texas at Austin .
“ There is n’t anything else you can do . ”
Advertisement
To reach the damaged well , the engineers are using a system called Measurement While Drilling ( MWD ) – accelerometers and magnetometers attached to the drill bit monitor the movement and direction of the wellbore and transmit this information back to the surface .
Muddy pulses
The system sends these messages by creating pulses in the flow of mud that is constantly pumped in and out of the borehole to clear away the rock cuttings , says Ken Arnold , who runs KACI , an oil industry consultancy in Houston , Texas .
The pulses are created by briefly closing and opening valves in the drill pipe to restrict the flow of mud – the resulting pressure fluctuations can be detected by sensors and interpreted by computers on the surface .
“ They provide the information needed to plot to within 10 feet of where the bit is the whole time , ” he says .
Once close to their target , the engineers can home in on Deepwater Horizon by detecting fluctations in Earth ’s magnetic field caused by the caisson – the steel and concrete foundation that surrounds the original well .
Once the drill reaches the leaking well , puncturing a hole in the casing and inserting the 18 - centimetre cylinder will be tough , and may take a few attempts , says Arnold .
Mud pumped into the relief well through the cylinder will be pushed into the original well until its weight is sufficient to counteract the pressure in the oil reservoir , says McCormack .
Once the oil stops flowing and the well is stabilised , it can be closed off permanently with cement , he says .
A spokesman for BP says the drilling , which began last month , is on track for completion in early August .
The first relief well has now reached 4200 metres , while a second “ insurance ” well , is at 2700 metres , he says .
The emergence of Al - Shabab in Somalia is not an accident .
It stems from many decades of mismanagement , dictatorship , regional and international abuse .
Superficially , one expects Somalia to be a unified entity because all Somalis speak a common language and are not plagued by ethnic differences as in many parts of the post - colonial world .
Yet Somalia was always beset by deep clan cleavages even as Somali elites fantasised about the notion of a ‘ Greater Somalia ’ and made it their mission to unite all Somali - speaking peoples .
This included Somalis in neighbouring states : the Ogaden region in Ethiopia , the Issas in Djibouti and the Somalis who inhabit the area known as the Northern Frontier District of Kenya .
The Horn of Africa was of course faced with the same arbitrariness of borders inherited from colonial rule , where there were cultural links with people across borders .
Notion of ' Greater Somalia ' marked in yellow on map
But the project of an ethnically homogenous state by embracing neighbouring Somali minorities was a non-starter and contrary to the African charter of respecting colonial boundaries .
Hence , Somali irredentism pitted it against Kenya and Ethiopia , worsening in particular its historic enmity with Ethiopia .
The tension between the two countries provided one of the openings for the Soviet Union and the United States to use these nations as proxies in the geopolitical games of the Cold War .
The Horn of Africa of which Somalia is a part became much like Afghanistan , Vietnam and other hot spots of that era .
Ethiopia and Somalia waged two major wars , including one that involved Cuban troops in 1977 – 78 .
A combined force of Ethiopians , 15,000 Cubans , 1,500 Soviet advisors and weaponry broke the back of the Somali army .
This defeat was the beginning of the end of a functioning Somali state .
It was followed by a protracted civil war in the 1980s , culminating in the disintegration of the country .
Clumsy US and UN involvement in the 1990s made an already bad situation worse .
Clan - based warlordism replaced the centralised dictatorship of Mohammed Said Barre , who ruled Somalia from 1969 to 1991 .
After the fall of Barre , Somaliland and Puntland became two separate , relatively stable but unrecognised entities .
In fact , in late June 2010 , Somaliland held the only election in the region which met international standards .
Opposition candidate Ahmed M. Maha Silanyo won the election , defeating incumbent President Dahir Riyale Kahin .
In contrast , anarchy had reigned in southern Somalia and the Mogadishu area for at least the last two decades .
http://www.pambazuka.org/images/articles/491/horn_map2.gif
For the most part , the US disengaged after the death of 18 of its marines and the downing of two Black Hawk helicopters in 1993 .
The gruesome scene in October 1993 – with pictures of a dead American soldier being dragged through the streets of Mogadishu and dubbed the ‘ CNN effect ’ – is a fixture in the memory of many Americans .
It influenced the Clinton administration ’s decision to withdraw US troops from the country .
Somalia became of renewed interest only after 9/11 out of concern that it would be a breeding ground for global jihad and a hide out for Al - Qaida elements .
There were 14 unsuccessful top - down attempts for a centralised government in Somalia between 1991 and 2010 .
The current Transitional Federal Government ( TFG ) led by Sharif Sheikh Ahmed is the latest mutation of these trials .
Most Somalis view Sharif Ahmed as an Ethiopian puppet , but Hillary Clinton had called him the ‘ best hope ’ for his country .
He barely controls two blocks in Mogadishu and only because of the protection of approximately 3,000 Ugandan and 2,000 Burundian troops representing the ill - conceived AU Mission In Somalia ( AMISOM ) .
The Ugandan , Burundian and Ethiopian intervention is deeply resented by Somalis of various political persuasions .
The justification for their presence is ostensibly to keep peace , but there is no peace to keep in Somalia .
Uganda and Ethiopia really need peace within their own borders before pretending to bring peace to other lands .
Among several insurgencies within Ethiopia is the Ogaden National Liberation Front ( ONLF ) , which is waging a perennial struggle for self - determination for the four million or so ethnic Somalis .
It has claimed thousands of lives and is being called ‘ the other Darfur ’ by some observers .
Since the 1980s , Uganda ’s northern region has also been ravaged by a murderous group known as the Lord ’s Resistance Army ( LRA ) .
The primary reason for Ethiopian intervention is its vested interest in a weak and disintegrated Somalia .
It also benefits from American financial , military and political support by positioning itself as an ally in the ‘ war on terror ’ .
Ethiopia receives the largest amount of American aid of any country in sub-Saharan Africa .
Similarly , Uganda and Burundi are intervening to garner support from the United States when they do n’t even share a common border with Somalia .
http://www.pambazuka.org/images/articles/491/horn_map3.gif
In return , the US keeps mum when these leaders rig elections or change constitutional clauses to enable them to extend presidential terms .
It is a Machiavellian game all around .
If one were genuine about peace , Ethiopia would be among the last countries in the world to be encouraged to send troops to Somalia .
Yet in 2006 , it intervened in Somalia with American support and pre-empted the ascendancy of the Union of Islamic Courts ( UIC ) , who were relatively moderate Muslims and had managed to establish a modicum of order for the very first time in 15 years .
From the ranks of UIC , the Al - Shabab extremists triumphed as a hegemonic force .
Ethiopia officially withdrew in 2009 , but only after experiencing a quagmire which plunged Somalia into deeper chaos , displacing 300,000 Somalis and causing disarray for a grassroots movement that had seemed promising before it was nipped by Ethiopian intervention .
And this official withdrawal notwithstanding , Ethiopian troops still make periodic incursions into Somalia at will .
Given the predatory nature of the governments of Burundi , Ethiopia and Uganda – which are essentially military dictatorships or de facto one - party control – little faith can be placed in them for enhancing regional stability in the Horn region .
Current Kenyan President Mwai Kibaki is also believed to have stolen the presidential election from Raila Odinga ( who happens to hail from the same ethnic group as Barack Obama 's father ) , who is now prime minister in a shaky power - sharing government .
Yet the country is an ally in security matters in the region and therefore immune from any serious US scrutiny .
In 2006 , the Bush administration provided intelligence to Ethiopia in support of the invasion .
It also used military facilities in Djibouti , Ethiopia and Kenya to launch air raids and missile strikes against Al - Qaida suspects at several sites in Somalia in 2007 and 2008 .
The air attacks killed several dozen Somali civilians and injured hundreds more , and they made US backing for the invasion highly visible .
These periodic airstrikes are continuing under the Obama administration .
The killing of Somali civilians only serves to drive Somalis into desperation and extremism .
AMISOM is not any better .
There are credible reports that it is responsible for civilian deaths and other excesses .
In the aftermath of the Kampala bombings , Obama said that Al - Qaida is racist and does n’t care about African lives .
No sane person would dispute that .
However , the real question is whether Obama cares about African lives .
If he truly does , why would he meddle and prop up dictators like Meles Zenawi of Ethiopia and Yoweri Museveni of Uganda , dictators who wilfully sacrifice their soldiers and the lives of innocents for some foreign exchange dollars ?
Not surprisingly , both Zenawi and Museveni are already positioning themselves to argue for expanded intervention and to milk the Kampala tragedy , with Obama playing right into it .
Ironically , Al - Shabab will also welcome the escalation and regionalisation of the conflict in the hope of bolstering its waning domestic support base as ordinary Somalis become weary of the heavy - handed repression by the movement .
Relying on Ethiopia , Uganda and Burundi for keeping peace in Somalia is like sending Indian soldiers to occupy and pacify the Pakistani tribal areas .
It is an oxymoron .
It undermines the moderates and helps the extremists .
The willingness of the United States to endorse interventions is rarely matched by a commitment to a comprehensive effort of securing peace .
With the quagmire in Afghanistan and Iraq , there is hardly any political will in the US to effectively deal with the complexities of the issues in Somalia .
Somalia does not need intervention and further militarisation by self - serving neighbours .
A possible starting point for rebuilding Somalia could be to use the money that is being wasted on AMISOM to assist the Somali people and the nascent democratic experiment in Somaliland in light of the severe democratic drought in the region .
BROUGHT TO YOU BY PAMBAZUKA NEWS
* Please send comments to [ email protected ] or comment online at Pambazuka News .
Rich Garces :
The name on the Cup is a tribute to the retired , journeyman reliever , who topped out at a ( generous ) 255 pounds in his final season with the Red Sox .
As far as baseball fatasses go , he 's the filet mignon .
The following candidates can only hope to bask in his enormous shadow .
BP has endured waves of scathing criticism during the Gulf of Mexico oil spill , but there are those who are offering it qualified praise for the work it is doing , writes the BBC's Matthew Price in Louisiana .
Whisper it , but BP is not a dirty word here in the coastal town of Jean Lafitte .
In the mayor 's office , tucked away in a town hall that is now also home to BP 's staff in this part of Louisiana , various local leaders sit around in matching light blue polo shirts .
" We 're not too popular for saying it , but here BP 's doing good , " one says .
There 's general agreement .
It could be a bonanza today , but what about the future ?
Adrian Ruttley , Fisherman
In recent years this town has been affected by Hurricanes Katrina , Gustav , and Ike .
" FEMA [ the government agency tasked with helping in such situations ] did n't even set up an office here .
BP 's done more than they ever did , " another says .
For obvious reasons the fishermen and others whose lives and livelihoods have been ruined by the devastating oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico are cagey when asked about how the British oil company has responded to the disaster .
Few want to go on the record in expressing praise , but all along Jean Lafitte Boulevard , the main street here , people pragmatically note that BP is probably doing as good a job as anyone could .
Long days
There 's some criticism for Tony Hayward , the BP executive who was in charge of the clean - up effort until recently .
" Perhaps he was n't very good , perhaps it was his manner , " one person says , but now he 's been replaced , things feel a bit better .
Image caption
The oil has damaged beaches and marshes across the region
" I think BP 's possibly doing all they can to help us , " the local mayor , Timothy Kerner , says of the local effort .
He 's exhausted , after working 18 hour days , seven days a week for the last ten weeks .
He 's also frustrated , but with the government .
" I would think that for whatever reason the federal government left it up to BP to solve it .
[ But ] now they 've put the coastguard in to do the work .
The coastguard is more of a problem than a problem solver .
" There are too many jurisdiction battles between parishes with coastguard leaders , and I actually thought we were doing better working straight with BP to be honest with you . "
If qualified - praise for BP is a taboo subject in public , an even more delicate topic is what you might call the mini-oil boom that this disaster has brought with it .
Small army
Down by the water , it 's clear that BP money is employing a small army of people , from near and far .
One contractor - a teacher - has travelled down from Minnesota .
He 's taken leave from his normal job , left his kids with his wife , and come to make some money .
" It 's bad for the family , but they know it 's good in the long run , " he says .
Image caption Fishermen have been among those badly affected
Out on one of the barges involved in the clean - up operation , another man who normally works for an electricity company has also taken time out from work .
" It 's different work , you know ?
And you make money , " he explains .
And at the marina , another , a ship fitter , says he 's getting $ 12 an hour .
Last week he worked 86 hours .
It 's like a mini-stimulus plan during the recession .
" With the economy this is what you 've got .
You make a few nickels or you make no nickels .
If you 've got bills you 're going to come out here and hustle . "
Make no mistake , the fishermen , indeed everyone you meet here , would rather this spill had never happened .
People are worried as much about the long - term ecological effects of the chemical dispersants being used as they are about the oil itself .
Empty docks
One fisherman , Adrian Ruttley , who 's working on the containment effort , says : " It could be a bonanza today , but what about the future ? "
He says he 's making " pretty much the same " money that he would be catching shrimp .
But he adds : " We do n't know what the future holds , and that 's what worries most of us .
We made some money for a while here , what do we do for the rest of our lives ? "
At Nunez Seafood , the dock is empty .
" Normally it would be so busy we would n't be able to walk along here , " owner Randy Nunez says .
The business was set up by his father 60 years ago .
He says this is the toughest they 've had it .
" Dollar - wise it 's hard to put a price on it , because we do n't know what the catch is going to be , but it's in the thousands of dollars .
Every day .
It 's sickening . "
Now he 's decided to lease his dock to some of the emergency response teams sent here to deal with the oil .
It will keep him ticking over - but only for now .
Victoria Kolakowski , who 's running for Alameda Count Superior Court judge in a November runoff election , declares on her campaign Web site that she hopes to make history .
" If I am elected , I would be the first openly LGBT superior court judge elected in Alameda County , the first openly LGBT person elected countywide , and the first transgender trial court judge in the United States , " it states .
The question is how much it should matter .
Kolakowski , 48 , transitioned from male to female in 1989 during her last year in law school and had sex reassignment surgery in 1991 .
She has 21 years of legal experience , including stints as a private attorney , corporate attorney and , currently , an administrative law judge .
Mostly symbolic
Kolakowski says her gender is important in symbolism and inspiration for others , but she wants voters to mainly consider her professional experience .
" It 's not like I 'm going to be elected and be ' the transgender judge , ' " she said .
" If I 'm not going to be able to represent the entire community or have the skills for the job , I do n't want people to vote for me . "
Her opponent , John Creighton , agreed .
" I think the qualifications for office should be professional ability , " said Creighton , a 58 - year - old lawyer who has served in the Alameda County district attorney 's office for 25 years .
But her gender is nonetheless likely to play a significant role in the campaign .
Statewide LGBT organizations see their community as having long been locked out by political appointments , particularly by Republican governors .
Kolakowski , they say , represents a rare opportunity for the LGBT community .
" She 's going to be the first elected transgender judge in the country , " said Geoff Kors , executive director of Equality California , an LGBT advocacy organization that assigned volunteers to call 30,000 of its members to urge them to vote for Kolakowski in last week 's primary .
" This is one of the Harvey Milk moments , where you can break a glass ceiling and put a transgender judge on the bench . "
In the primary , Kolakowski got 67,000 votes , 45 percent of the total , Creighton got 32 percent and a third candidate , Louis Goodman , got 22 percent .
Because no one got a majority , a fall runoff is set between Kolakowski and Creighton .
Creighton talks about his long tenure as a deputy district attorney , a position that he says has made him well versed in courthouse procedures and sensitive to all walks of life - including , he said , LGBT people who have been victims in part because of their sexuality .
" I 've tried thousands of cases , " Creighton said .
" I know courtroom procedure .
I know the rules of evidence .
I can assume the role of judge immediately and act in a competent and efficient and fair way . "
Kolakowski touts her experience as an attorney in the public and private sector , and in her current job as an administrative law judge at the California Public Utilities Commission .
The PUC regulates the state 's electricity and telecommunications industries , among other things .
Some people , including Kolakowski , say judges are far too frequently former prosecutors - particularly when appointed by politicians .
While criminal cases are a " big , important part " of the court system , Kolakowski said , there are other kinds of cases too .
Family court , civil cases , probate and small claims are all areas a judge might have to work in .
" I think I have a broader experience than my opponent , who has primarily worked in one area , " she said .
Prosecutors ' role
But Creighton said prosecutors make excellent judges .
He said prosecutors have a unique role in the courtroom that , among things , requires them to turn over evidence that might help the defense .
They must also weigh a number of factors in deciding whether or not to prosecute .
" We do n't have a duty to win , " he said .
" We have a duty to be fair in the interest of justice . "
Both candidates come from working - class families and have compelling personal stories .
Creighton was adopted as an infant and raised on an orchard and chicken farm just outside of Campbell .
After graduating from high school , he worked as a car mechanic and a roofer before he was drafted into the army and sent to Vietnam , where he served in military intelligence .
He attended UC Berkeley on the GI Bill , becoming the first in his family to graduate from college .
After working his way through law school at the University of San Francisco , he joined the Alameda County District Attorney 's office .
He is married , lives in Piedmont and has two daughters , 8 and 11 .
Kolakowski was born in Queens , N.Y. , and raised in Brooklyn .
Her father worked in a cardboard manufacturing plant and her mother was a payroll clerk .
In addition to her law degree , Kolakowski has master 's degrees in biomedical engineering , electrical engineering and public administration .
She has a master 's degree in divinity from the Pacific School of Religion in Berkeley , and is an ordained minister in the Metropolitan Community Church .
She lives in Oakland with her wife , whom she married in San Francisco in 2004 , before courts ruled those marriages illegal , and in Oakland in 2008 , after the state Supreme Court ordered counties to allow same - sex marriage .
Tech giant IBM and pharmceutical powerhouse , Roche have announced a parntership to advance something truly remarkable : Nanopore DNA sequencing .
It ’s no exaggeration to say that this technology could radically influence security , criminal processing , healthcare , even dating .
DNA decoding currently involves expensive , slow , painstaking use of breaking apart and labeling amino acids with marker chemcials , then applying complex sofware to solve the code .
Nanopore DNA coding is markedly different : A nanopore is essentially a tiny hole that ’s about 1 nm across .
If you plop a nanopore in a conducting liquid , and apply a tiny electrical charge across the liquid , then an incredibly small electrical current can form in the nanopore as ions flow through it from one electrode to another .
This current is very susceptible to the nanopore ’s size .
Arrange it so that a strand of DNA is pulled through the nanopore , the pore current changes as the different amino acids slide by .
Record this current ’s changes , and you can work out the sequence of G , T , A , C amino acids in order .
In other words , the nanopore very simpy lets you decode the DNA sequence in a similar way to how a tape recorder plays back music from an audio tape .
There ’s much less fussing around with chemicals than older DNA methods , the equipment can be simpler , easier to run , faster , and thus cheaper .
IBM and Roche will be developing IBM ’s silicon chip - based nanopore tech , to produce a system which “ offers true single molecule sequencing ” according to the press release .
The goal is to reduce the cost of DNA sequencing a whole human genome to between $ 100 and $ 1,000 .
What ’s the effect of all this on our lives ?
To start with it would change criminal forensics , and make it an even more exact science .
It could revolutionize healthcare , allowing “ personalized ” treatments which is important as doctors are increasingly of the opinion that each individual can react in a unique way to diseases and medicines .
It would facilitate the gene therapy cures for some of our worse genetic disorders .
The Times website paywall .
And a very warm welcome to all our readers from The Times .
We 're very sorry you awoke to find you could no longer read your newspaper online without a credit card and we feel your pain .
We could n't get into the Times site either last week when it was supposed to still be free as the registration system had crashed .
But we can help you through this trauma .
Call it a belief in an open internet or care in the community if you like , but here at the Guardian we can offer everything you ever wanted from the Times – and more – for nothing .
I suppose I ought to start by introducing myself .
I write the weekly Digested Reads , among other things .
As this is a sales pitch , I 've been asked to mention that the new Oxford Book of Parodies says I 'm one of Britain 's best parodists , dead or alive .
You can work out which .
To many of you , much of our website may seem a bit unfamiliar .
We 're not going to try to hide the fact that on certain – make that all – issues we tend to be the teensiest bit liberal .
But do n't let that scare you .
We do n't bite .
Very hard .
And we do have a few of our very own Tories writing for us , though apparently they do n't like being called Tories so I 'm not allowed to say who they are as they have friends in very high places and could get me fired .
It 's possible you last read the Guardian when the sports coverage ran to a single line – " Last night England lost 4 - 1 to Germany in a game of Association Football " .
Well just check it out now .
We suspect you 'll find it rather more interesting and fun these days .
And the same goes for all the other subjects we cover – politics , comment , education , environment , books , film , music , TV and a whole load more .
There 's no need to miss your favourite columnists either .
We know you like Caitlin Moran 's Celebrity Watch but excellent though Caitlin is , check out her inspiration : Marina Hyde 's Lost in Showbiz .
( Sample quote : " Until Wednesday , Madonna had appeared to be dealing with the Guy - shaped hole in her existence the best way she knows how : by frotting a couple of nuns on stage every night in a crowd - thrilling tableau that hints at both the eternal fragility of the human heart and the recession - proof nature of amyl nitrate . " )
We 've never quite understood your fascination with Giles Coren , especially as his much more talented sister Victoria writes for us twice ( yes twice ) a week , but each to their own .
And look , we 've got loads of other great writers — Patrick Wintour , Gary Younge , Polly Toynbee , Amelia Gentleman , Zoe Williams , Simon Hattenstone , Michael Billington , Simon Jenkins , Alexis Petridis and dozens of others who will knife me in the front when I get back into the office for not giving them a namecheck .
We can also guarantee to be a 100 % Melanie Phillips - free zone – although we are happy to count her as one of our most avid readers .
She 's always moaning about us on her Spectator blog .
To make you feel right at home , we run a selection of interminably dull pieces by the great and the good that no one but the commissioning editor ever finishes , but I 'm not allowed to mention who they are for much the same reason as I can't name the Tories .
But if you stick with us , you 'll soon work out who they are and stop reading them for yourselves .
There will of course be a few very noticeable differences .
We do n't always write about Rupert Murdoch in the way the North Korean media reports Kim Jong-il and we have occasionally made a critical remark about Sky and News International .
You may however find it refreshing that we do also criticise the Guardian Media Group when they step out of line .
We 're told that most of you read the Times online just for Jeremy Clarkson .
But look , he 's here too !
Or rather his avatar is .
But we do n't think you will be able to tell the difference ...
What 's the point of Norway ?
On the night I stood having a cigarette outside Lillehammer 's equivalent to Piccadilly Circus , I did n't see a single car .
I felt like a lonely fat poof hanging around outside a public lavatory , while my friends George and Michael were inside getting it on with an Eskimo in salmon - pink , reindeer - skin chaps .
And talking of which , here 's the Mazda MX - 5 , the gayest car ever built .
Fighting my way past the scores of Hungarian paedophiles and Muslims wearing waistcoats packed with explosives whom Tony Bliar and his multicultural cronies have personally invited into this country brings me nicely on to the Lexus .
Here 's another piece of foreign rubbish we could do without .
If we filled every Lexus with Germaine Greer and her bunch of dungaree - wearing lesbians and sent them back to Japan , the country would be a far better place .
OK , so it was me who wrote that .
And if you get fed up with too many words – as I 'm guessing you might well be by now – then catch up with all our podcasts and videos .
So do n't be shy .
Have a look around wherever you fancy .
We can guarantee you 'll have fun and it wo n't cost you a penny .
Come on in .
Thirty million online readers can't all be wrong .
With vehicle miles traveled growing about 15 percent faster than the U.S. roadway network , and the trend likely to continue this year as fuel prices stabilize and more drivers take to the roadways , we need to look for more creative — and smarter — ways of easing congestion .
New projects from German automakers Audi and BMW promise to ease congestion simply by looking at traffic signals and driving style , in an effort to smooth the flow of traffic .
One likely start is by replacing our outdated traffic - signal system with one that 's networked — or , better yet , one that can communicate with vehicles in real time .
Last fall we reported that BMW is working on such a system , through its Traffic Technology and Traffic Management group , of better synchronizing traffic signals with vehicle traffic and vice versa .
Through a test course in Munich , vehicles were able to post phenomenal fuel - efficiency gains simply by adjusting the timing of traffic lights depending on traffic volume — to whatever speed provides a so - called ' green wave ' of four or more synchronized signals .
Now , in the city of Ingolstadt , in Germany , Audi is showing the latest version of its ' travolution ' concept , which also aims to preserve a smoother traffic flow through the city .
Audi claims to have reduced overall fuel consumption by 17 percent with the algorithm , which was developed through a partnership with local colleges .
Audi ' travolution ' concept for traffic signals
The Audi system — interfaced with Audi's Multi-Media Interface ( MMI ) screen —uses wireless LAN and UMTS links , enabling vehicles to communicate directly with traffic - light systems as they 're approaching .
The signal systems transmit data — displayed in graphic form — regarding when the light is going to change to green .
Likewise , if the light is about to change to yellow , the system prompts the driver and momentarily cuts power .
In the test vehicles , the adaptive cruise control system can be used to maintain an ideal speed and conserve momentum for the best fuel efficiency .
Such a method sounds ripe for deployment on U.S. - style boulevards , where obsolete signals , each running on their own cycle , can bring light traffic to a congested snarl .
As for car - to - car communication — or more complicated traffic patterns with pedestrians , bikes , and side streets — that 's still a longer - range work - in - progress .
[ Audi ]
W&H MAIN YARDS : Railroad Wheel FAQ
NOTE : I am not a rail professional nor do I have ties to railroad wheel manufacturing , but have applied the neccessary physics to the railroad wheel to explain what is happening to the layman .
When a train goes around a curve , the outside wheels have further to travel than the inside wheels .
This is the same event that occurs in automobiles which requires a differential rather than a solid axle .
In the case of railroads a solid axle is necessary for stregnth and simplicity , so another solution was applied .
The treads of a railroad wheel are not flat , but beveled into a hyperbole with the smaller diameter toward the outside and the curve leading into the flange .
The distance between the inside faces of the railheads is slightly larger than the distance between the outside faces of the wheel flanges by about an inch .
So as one wheel rides up its rail , the other wheel rides down its rail .
The different diameters in contact with the rail have different circumfrances , which compensates for the different distances of travel .
Rail and Wheel Cross - Section Rail and Wheel Cross - Section
First let 's discuss what keeps the car on the tracks .
The force pulling the car into the curve is the Centripital Force , the generic name for the net force which pulls and object in an arc .
The components of the Centripital foce are 1 ) the preceeding and following cars through the couplers 2 ) the frictional force between the wheel treads and the railhead 3 ) Gravitational force IF the track is superelevated ( banked ) .
This force tends to coutneract Inertia , but since it is applied to the lower quarter of the car , the result is a torqe on the car around the center of gravity ( COG ) , tending to rotate it towards rolling out of the curve .
More important to use here , it also effects the the centering action by pushing the trucks toward the inside of the curve relative to the car 's center of gravity .
Forces on a Railcar - End View Forces on a Railcar - End View
Now Intertia and the Centripital Force counteract to prevent the car from flying off the inside or outside of the track , but what keeps the flanges from hitting the rail ?
Now consider the trucks as a separate system from the rest of the car .
A state of equilibrium exists at a point where the circumfrance of each wheel , where it contacts the rail , matches the distance it needs to travel in one revolution .
Truck in Equilibrium - Top View Truck in Equilibrium - Top View
Prior to reaching equilibrium the outer wheel is climbing the outer rail , and we will call this state Undercompensation .
Until it reaches that point , there is a drag force ( against the direction of travel ) on the outer wheel as where it is being forced by the inner wheel to rotate too slowly to cover the distance it must travel .
Similarly the outer wheel is forcing the inner wheel to rotate too fast causing a tractional force ( in the direction of travel ) .
These forces excert a torque on the truck around a vertical axis at its connection to the car .
This torque pushes the the lead outer wheel higher on the rail ( giving it a larger diamater ) and the lead inner wheel lower ( giving it a smaller diameter ) .
The trailing wheels tend to follow the path of the lead wheels forcing the system toward the equilibrium point .
Truck in Undercompensation - Top View Truck in Undercompensation - Top View
Now these forces , and hence the torque , are zero at the equilibrium point , but the forces prior to equilibrium may be great enough to cause and overshoot , and we will call this state Overcompensation .
When this happens or when the car is leaving the curve , the diamater of the inner wheel is now too small and is dragging and that of the outer is too large causing a tractive force .
The forces are now reversed and exert a torque in the reverse direction that causes the lead outer wheel lower on the rail ( giving it a smaller diameter ) and the lead inner wheel up on the rail ( giving it a larger diameter ) .
This again forces the system back toward the equilibrium point .
Truck in Overcompensation - Top View Truck in Overcompensation - Top View
The slightest Overcompensation would cause a oscillation between these two states if there was not lateral friciton beween the rail and the wheel .
So in this way the trucks find their way to the equilibrium point .
The exact location of the equilibrium point depends on the forces acting on the system , especially gravity , the Centripical force , and the geometry of the track .
This centering action does not always work well enough .
If you observe a heavily loaded or fast moving train on a curve , you will hear a periodic sqeek or lonq squeal .
This results from the Overcompensation to the extent that the wheel flange bumps the rail head ( squeek ) or slides along it for a time ( squeal ) , until the centering action takes it back towards equilibrium .
This can also be exagerated by bad track ( crowned sectional rail for example ) which forces the wheels back and forth .
The squeal results from the fact the flange strikes the rail just before the bottom of travel while it is still moving downward .
Also , as the wheel climbs into the steepest segment of the hyperbole , gravity takes over to foce the wleel back down the flange .
So we have friction versus gravity resulting in metal scraping on metal .
This is undesired , but normal , and flange greasers are often installed preceeding tight curves on mainlines to cut down on damage resulting from this .
Flange Direction - Side View Flange Direction - Side View
A worse scenario is wheel creep .
Once the flange hits the rail the centering action only serves to force the flange into the rail .
If the wheels cannot reach the correct diameter to match their distance of travel and periodically either the inner wheel slips backward or the outer wheel slips forward .
The former is more likely since the inner wheel has less contact area with the rail and hence less friction .
This causes the POP - POP sound created on very tight curves .
A differnt solution than traditional centering action is self steering trucks as applied on some new locomotives .
in this system the axles independently rotate slightly in the truck frame to individually remain tangent to the rail .
In this way the centering action does not occur as suddenly , reducing the Overcompensation that causes flange and rail wear .
The seemingly obvious solution is to split the axle in the middle , and put bearings there .
The problem with this is that without the centering action that forces the truck around the curve , the truck would always plow straight ahead until the flanges hit the rail .
Wheel and Rail Wear
In extreme cases the inside head of the rail can sink as much as an inch in relation to the outside , and eventually the inside part of the rail , or even the entire head , will crack and break off .
Extremely worn rail will apper as it was melted by extreme heat on its inner side .
The other major defect in wheels is a result of stoppling .
In emergency situations , and engineer can release all the air from the trains braking system , causing the air reserviors on each car to apply the brakes fully .
This can cause the weels to lock up and skid , grinding part of the weel flat .
A flat wheel will cause a CLANK - CLANK sound as it passes .
It causes extreme stress in both the rail and the car as it punds the track .
In extreme cases , the inbalance and forces can acually cause the weel to jump off the rail each revolution , exagerating the problem .
The forces applied by flat wheels is a major cause of broken rails .
Skidding can also be caused by and overheated bearing which seizes .
TECHNICALLY , it 's against the rules , but thousands of Melburnians are using their myki card on the city 's trams , despite it being valid for travel only on trains .
Leaked government data logs obtained by The Age show that travellers with myki cards have used the system on trams 41,000 times over the past fortnight , including almost 5000 times last Friday .
No one has been booked , let alone fined , even though the $ 1.35 billion smartcard - originally intended to replace Metcard in 2007 - is legally valid for use only on trains in Melbourne .
To become valid on trams and buses , a new law must be gazetted .
The troubled smartcard system has shown signs of improvement : the leaked data shows it worked 96 per cent of the time on trams in May .
Scots will not attend US hearing on Lockerbie bomber Published duration 23 July 2010
image caption Abdelbaset Ali al - Megrahi was released after consultants said he had three months to live
Scottish ministers and officials have turned down a request to attend a US Senate hearing next week over the release of the Lockerbie bomber .
Justice Secretary Kenny MacAskill and the Scottish Prison Service 's medical chief Dr Andrew Fraser were invited .
Senators also invited Westminster former justice secretary Jack Straw .
BP chief executive Tony Hayward was asked to attend after allegations that Abdelbaset Ali al - Megrahi 's release was linked to an oil deal .
Megrahi was jailed for life for the bombing of Pan Am flight 103 in 1988 which killed 270 people , most of them Americans .
He was released by the Scottish government in August 2009 and allowed to return to Libya on compassionate grounds , after being diagnosed with prostate cancer .
The Scottish government maintains that the release was solely because of Megrahi 's terminal illness and had nothing to do with a prisoner transfer agreement between the UK government and Libya .
The US Senate believes BP lobbied for Megrahi 's release in order to get an oil deal in Libya .
It was reported that former UK prime minister Tony Blair had been invited to the US Senate foreign relations committee hearing , but the committee has apologised that a draft letter to Mr Blair was published in error .
A committee spokesman has since said Mr Blair will not be invited to appear .
Mr Straw said : " Before coming to any decision as to whether to accept this invitation , I shall be consulting Gordon Brown , as prime minister at the time , and seeking the advice of the Foreign Office . "
A BP spokesman said : " We have received the invitation and we are considering it . "
A spokesperson for the Scottish government confirmed that the invitation to Mr MacAskill and Dr Fraser had been turned down .
The Senate hoped the two men would testify on Capitol Hill on 29 July .
The spokesperson added : " Since the Lockerbie atrocity in 1988 , all matters regarding the investigation , prosecution and compassionate release decision have been conducted according to the jurisdiction and laws of Scotland .
" Clearly , the Senate Committee has responsibility to scrutinise decisions taken within the US system , and Scottish ministers and public officials are accountable within the Scottish Parliament system .
That is the constitutional basis of our democracies .
" The Scottish Parliament 's justice committee has already undertaken a full inquiry into the decision on compassionate release , and the Westminster Scottish affairs committee has also examined the issue in terms of the formal inter-governmental relations that exist within the UK .
That is right and proper . "
The spokesperson also said the Scottish government would be happy to supply further written evidence to the US Senate .
The decision not to attend was criticised by Labour 's Holyrood justice spokesman Richard Baker .
He told BBC Radio Scotland 's Good Morning Scotland programme : " I think it speaks volumes about the lack of confidence he has now in his own decision that he is running a mile from any scrutiny of it . "
I have n’t tried to write poetry in a long , long time , but when this appeared at the door , so to speak , I let it in .
I hope you find it helpful .
And , I hope it ’s poetry !
Listen to Your Heart
One says : “ There is nothing to practice .
Just be .
Let your true nature emerge .
Do n’t disturb your mind with seeking . ”
Another says : “ Strive earnestly !
From striving comes wisdom ;
from not striving , wisdom ’s end .
Knowing these two courses ,
conduct yourself so that wisdom will grow . ”
Two views — grasping at either ,
I sink like a stone in an ocean of suffering ,
I drown in perplexity .
Practice ?
Do n’t practice ?
Just be ?
Awaken ?
Follow the Path ?
Find the pathless path ?
Who are these gurus , sages , and wise ones ,
Who speaks with such authority
about a heart they do not know
and a life they have not lived ?
Sickened by views ,
tired of intellectual wrangling ,
I stop — sit , and grow quiet .
Following the breath ’s ebb and flow ,
seeing thoughts rise and fall ,
I let go
all movement stops .
I touch my deepest heart ,
which has always known the way .
Then , a feeling , like going home , arises ,
once again there is clarity
once again there is love
once again there is wisdom , smiling .
Now
the way is clear :
the truth has never been either this
or that
Has never been between
doing or not doing ,
striving or not striving ,
between halting or struggling ,
between effort and being ,
between aspiration or acceptance .
In this moment , now , all polarities dissolve
I see what to do , and just do it
and this doing is also I am , just being .
Seeking or not seeking — does not apply !
Being or doing — does not apply !
Striving or accepting — does not apply !
There is just , this .
And now , I see the sages and wise ones smiling ,
their authority has utterly fallen away —
all views lie at their feet like rags .
They were , after all ,
only fingers pointing at the moon
they did not know truth as a view to cling to
nor was their pointing without truthful direction .
This day is
this moment is
both gift and opportunity ,
both play , and a great work .
Cling to either view
and the heart grows cold —
diligent action becomes futile ,
and play becomes meaningless .
Listen to your heart .
It has always known the way .
It has always known what to be and do .
© Steve Goodheart
♥♥♥
37.871593 -122.272747
A group of wildlife spotters has encountered a massive pod of dolphins on a boat trip off the north coast of Skye .
The boat 's owner Nick Davies , who operates out of Gairloch on the mainland , estimated there were about 1,000 short - beaked common dolphin .
He said he had only seen such a sight once before in 15 years of operating .
Last June , a " superpod " of more than 400 short - beaked common dolphin was recorded in the Moray Firth .
Mr Davies said the Skye pod included adults , juveniles and calves .
He said : " They were everywhere you looked for as far as you could see .
" There was five square miles where they just filled the sea . "
It is thought the massive pod was created when smaller ones grouped together to chase a huge shoal of fish .
The pod spotted last June was thought to be a " massive migration " into the North Sea .
East Coast beachgoers , beware .
A study released today shows that oil from the catastrophic spill in the Gulf of Mexico could foul thousands of miles of the Atlantic coast as early as this summer .
The National Center for Atmospheric Research ( NCAR ) led the study , which used powerful computer models to estimate the potential path of the oil over the next few weeks and months .
" Our best knowledge says the scope of this environmental disaster is likely to reach far beyond Florida , with impacts that have yet to be understood , " says NCAR scientist Synte Peacock , who worked on the study .
The computer simulations show that once the oil enters the Gulf of Mexico's Loop Current , it could reach Florida 's Atlantic coast within weeks .
It would then move as far as Cape Hatteras , N.C. , with the Gulf Stream , before turning east .
The flow of the oil in the computer model is the best estimate of how ocean currents are likely to behave under normal wind conditions .
Scientists stress this is just a simulation , not an exact forecast , and show only a possible outcome for the oil .
Regional weather conditions and the ever - changing Loop Current will determine its specific course .
However , all six model simulations released today -- with different Loop Current characteristics and different scenarios of how the oil might be dispersed -- bring the oil to south Florida and then up the East Coast .
These results have not yet been submitted for peer - review publication .
By Doyle Rice
The idea of a lemonade with the right amount of heat and the right kind of booze is a tricky thing to come by .
To be honest , I was surprised at how well this particular experiment turned out , but it ’s a perfect storm of flavors .
The lemonade and Bourbon go remarkably well together , and the habañero flavor kicks in right at the end .
The great thing about using the habañero is that it gives you distinctive “ spice ” without a pronounced vegetable flavor often encountered with jalapeño infusions .
To start , you have to make or buy your lemonade .
Since I ’m all about the DIY , I made my own .
Also , this is remarkably easy ; it literally takes less than five minutes , so in my opinion making your own is always the way to go !
As I was making this to mix with booze , I made it a little stronger ( sweeter and more lemon -y ) than I would just a plain lemonade , and it made for a better tasting cocktail .
The Lemonade :
1/2 cup sugar
1/2 cup lemon juice ( concentrated )
Juice of 1 fresh lemon ( optional )
6 cups water
First you need a simple syrup .
Add the 1/2 cup sugar and 1 /2 cup of water to a pan and heat on a low setting .
Stir the mixture until all the sugar dissolves and then dump the syrup into your vessel of choice .
Add the rest of the ingredients , minus 1/2 cup of water .
I had to use concentrated lemon juice because that ’s all I could find , but I put in a little of the fresh squeezed stuff for texture .
If you use only fresh squeezed juice , you ’ll have to use more of it - let your taste buds be the judge .
Do keep in mind that this should be a little strong , and that you ’re also making it for yourself .
The recipe is based on what tasted good to me , but you may want to add a little more or less of the ingredients .
The Habañero :
If you ’re not familiar with them , habañeros are some of the hottest peppers around , with some varieties being 100 times hotter on the Scoville scale than your average jalapeño .
They range in color from light green to deep red , and the closer they get to red the stronger they are .
Mine were orange , which Is considered a medium strength – relatively speaking ; on a personal note , I once ate a whole habañero and it was a six hour odyssey of pain , so be * very * careful when you ’re handling this thing !
I poured one pint of my lemonade into a jar and added a sliced habañero with the seeds removed .
For easy removal I wrapped it in cheesecloth , but a coffee filter would also work .
I then tossed the mixture into the fridge , and after an hour and a half it had just the right amount of spice .
I checked on the lemonade about every half hour , and I ’d recommend you do the same .
If you let it sit too long , the habañero will be the only thing you taste .
The Cocktail :
I used Bulleit Bourbon ( again ) because it ’s decent and fairly cheap , but go ahead and use something else if you ’d like .
The Bourbon flavor does come through in this , so I would n’t use anything you could n’t drink straight .
Simply combine the following and enjoy :
1 part bourbon
3 parts habanero lemonade
ice
Or , blend the whole thing and enjoy a kickass frozen drink !
Cheers !
Between 2003 and 2005 , Dell sold millions of OptiPlex computers to everyone from Walmart to Mayo Clinic .
And according to newly unsealed documents , Dell knew these systems were full of dangerously faulty motherboards all along .
Advertisement
The story , as told by the NYT , reveals Dell as a company so desperate to cut costs that not only did they knowingly sell computers stuffed with capacitors that were sure to eventually burst and ooze all over the motherboard ( possibly starting fires ) , they actually refused to fix the 1000 affected computers of the firm representing them regarding the related lawsuit .
( Of course , Dell was often just " fixing " the computers with more faulty motherboards anyway . )
Advertisement
That 's as far as I 'll do the story injustice here .
The unabridged version is a sad but epic yarn .
Somewhere , if you listen really closely , you can hear a made for TV movie being born , gasping for its first breath .
[ NYT via Engadget ]
The California law firm that sued Facebook and Zynga over scammy gaming ads is setting its sights on Apple , investigating a possible class action over reception problems with the new iPhone .
Kershaw , Cutter & Ratinoff , LLP is looking for people who " recently purchased the new iPhone and have experienced poor reception quality , dropped calls and weak signals . "
That 's the same firm that filed a federal class action suit over deceptive " offer " ads in games like Mafia Wars and Farmville .
In the case of the fourth - generation iPhone , released last week , the phone shows fewer reception bars if you hold it wrong ; Apple has suggested gripping it different .
There is evidence other phones may have had problems when gripped a certain way .
But none generated the number of public complaints or level of controversy associated with the iPhone 4 .
So when Steve Jobs personally suggests to users to " avoid holding it in that way , " he 's handing the likes of KCR some valuable legal ammunition .
Update :
If you want to provide information to a lawyer or try and sign up for a future class action , you 'll have to contact KCR directly — not us .
( We 've received a steady stream of emails . )
[ Photo via Getty ]
Fish Finders and Water Temperature Gauges
Too many hot days can make fish in shallow lakes , ponds , and rivers sluggish .
The same thing happens in the winter when water temperatures are lower .
Why ?
All fish are cold - blooded , meaning they can't keep their body temperature at a constant level .
So the temperature of their surroundings influences the fish 's body temperature and bodily functions .
Really high and really low water temperatures reduce the amount of oxygen in the water , making fish less active and picky about when and what they .
When it comes to finding the best fishing times , a good starting point is to avoid extreme temperatures .
For more accurate analysis of the water to find out when the fish are biting , fish finders and water temperature gauges can give anglers up - to - the - minute feedback on temperature .
Daily Fishing Forecast
Other factors like bright sunlight can also affect fish activity so it ’s important to pay attention to the time of day you plan to go , which can make all the difference in your success .
Fish generally prefer early morning and evening sun to the bright midday rays .
In midday , the surface temperature of the water is also hotter , forcing the fish to move deeper .
Tools like a daily fishing forecast – available online through resources like Farmers ’ Almanac -- can help you learn if fish will be biting on a particular day and , if so , the best fishing times .
Fishing Calendar
Variable weather conditions can be a big factor in determining the best times to fish .
Wind can play a large role in because it pushes water and surface food to the far shore .
Storms also affect fishing success , increasing feeding during the hours immediately before a cold front but slowing during and after a storm or front hits .
The exception is a warm front , which causes surface water temperatures to increase , putting fish into a feeding frenzy .
Another good opportunity to fish is on cloudy days since overcast skies cause fish to cruise for food more than on bright days .
Light rain is also one of the best fishing times , especially because it washes insects and bait into the water , creating a feeding binge for fish .
For more exact targeting of the best times to fish , you may want to try a fishing calendar .
These tools use data from your exact location like the weather patterns as well as other considerations such as tide , and moon phases combined with feeding behavior to determine when it ’s ideal to fish for the species you want to catch .
With many fishing calendar apps available , these handy resources allow you to anticipate increased fish activity so you can plan your outing well in advance – or even identify a better location to try .
Ask Around
Finally , do n’t be afraid to ask your local fellow anglers .
Local regulars can often provide a wealth of useful information .
Not only will most share their most successful times , you ’ll often find at least one local around who knows where to get the info you ’re looking for broken down by season and specific types of fish .
So head over to the local bait shop or wherever you get your fishing supplies and strike up a friendly conversation .
If you fish in public facilities , stop by the info shack if there is one available .
Now that you know the best fishing times during different seasons , check out Farmers ’ Almanac Best Days To Fish Calendar and consult your local daily fishing forecast for current conditions .
Do n't forget to purchase your fishing license online and get ready for the fun !
Was it just us , or did the first five minutes feel like a three - for - one genre special ?
Bill flinging a bloody werewolf ear into the sky in a spray of blood ?
Ripped from the pages of horror movie .
Courtly organ music as the vampire king rides in on horseback sporting a crested blazer ?
Tally ho , period drama .
A naked , cursing were - man named Cooter ?
Okay , that ’s classic True Blood .
But consider the scene a good primer on what to expect from this episode — camp that veers into farce , mounting sexual tension , new faces , rapid - fire plot development , and a whole mess of histrionics .
Oh yeah , and half our cast meets their new love interest !
( Sorry , Lettie Mae , better luck next time . )
Welcome to Were Country
Even without the Masterpiece Theater soundtrack and the silk ascot , Mississippi ’s vampire king Russell Edgington ( played by character actor Denis O’Hare ) had a good chance of being the foppiest dude in the Delta .
Turns out he ’s also the one that hired the biker crew to kidnap Bill .
Thanks to Cooter , who is awfully sensitive about his nickname , we get our first glimpse of the werewolf - to - human morph sequence we ’ve been dreading .
It went by in a low - budget CGI blur ( sulfur - colored contact lenses are the new black ) — and looked just dated enough to make us feel like we were watching Charmed .
The king commands Bill to join him at Plantation Photoshop on a hill .
Except for the ubiquitous sentinels in black shirts and pants that look like mall security , it ’s meant to evoke either the Medicis or the Colonial South .
As the king admits , vampire politics are “ medieval ” and he seems to rule with an even bigger sense of entitlement than the queen .
At the house , we meet Edgington ’s lover Talbot ( interests include : collecting antique beds from Hungarian serial killers and perfecting his cruelty - free blood bouillabaisse ) .
Bill refuses the king ’s offer to make him sheriff of area two ( “ the world ’s only cactus plantation ” ) .
If the king ’s looking for dirt on the queen of Louisiana , then he ’s got the wrong vamp .
By the time the sorbet ’s served , Bill ’s already pretty worked up .
Lorena saunters in and he snatches a lantern off the mantle and flings it at her head .
Immolating another guest during the dessert course ?
Tsk , tsk .
Bite count : one werewolf ear , one stray appendage , whoever drained the volunteers for the “ cruelty - free ” meal .
Body count : three members of the Fuck You Crew .
Possibly Bill ’s C - list maker , although we bet they ’ll douse Lorena with water just in time to spoil our fun .
Sibling Rivalry
Sam ’s baby brother escorts him into the family home at gunpoint , but his biological parents ( momma ’s a shifter , daddy ’s “ just regular ” ) just want to hear that they made the right decision .
Tommy and Sam play a few rounds of who - had - it - worse .
Tommy grew up with hillbilly redneck ex-felons .
Sam ’s life was never the same after he started shifting at 15 - years - old — an interesting parallel considering that ’s when some mental illnesses , like bipolar disorder , start .
The brothers decide to go for a run ( as dogs , of course ) .
Tommy has a laugh when he sees Sam ’s shift into happy - go - lucky collie .
He morphs into a snarling pit bull and then the two scamper through the woods until Tommy tries to get Sam run over by a truck .
You ’re gonna need a rougher spirit animal if you want to survive in this family .
Human Behavior
We ’ll ask again : What is it about Sookie Stackhouse ?
Snoop
Dogg is writing her love songs and Eric turns into an awkward teenager — eyes darting every which way but straight — when she stops by Fangtasia to get the story on Operation Werewolf .
Sookie tells him not to underestimate her .
Eric snaps back , “ Do n’t underestimate yourself .
Your life ’s too valuable to throw away . ”
Could the secret to her “ value ” be hiding in that folder in Bill ’s armoire ?
It must be hard to be the only all - human couple in Bon Temps .
While she ’s stuck in the bathroom with morning sickness , Terry reads Arlene his top ten reasons why she can trust him with her kids .
( His willingness to parent someone else ’s children bodes well if the baby ’s Renee’s . )
“ No . 1 : I ’m a nurturer .
I found a baby armadill - ah by the side of the road and I nursed it and now it sleeps under my bed . ”
Aw .
Come to think of it , this was pretty much Terry ’s episode .
First there was his killer tool belt–and - aviator ensemble — followed by his admirable tracking skills when that biker werewolf ( who wanted to nab Sookie in time to watch Let ’s Make a Deal ) stalks her outside Merlotte’s .
Hey , Jealousy
Jason Stackhouse ’s entire identity rests on two things : pleasing the women who fall into his lap and trying to do the right thing .
So shooting Eggs and leaving those co-eds unsatisfied is sitting pretty heavy on his conscience .
When he sees
Andy getting accolades for his heroic deed , Jason starts getting green around the eyes .
You poor , sweet , abdominally blessed dimwit .
Does n’t he realize how quickly he’d be vilified if they knew Eggs was only trying to confess ?
After a sloppy night at the bar , Andy takes him home in his patrol car .
But when the two stop by a meth - lab bust , it ’s Jason who makes the collar .
Not before seeing a mystery blonde crouching into the darkness ( like some kind of animal , eh ? ) .
We ’ll bet Andy ’s generosity lasts right up until he sees how much better Jason fills out the uniform .
Nazi Flashback Theater 3000
The season ’s first flashback — a glorious nod to Inglorious Basterds — does n’t disappoint .
The year is 1945 and we ’re in Ausburg , Germany .
An Allied soldier rescues a feral - looking redhead in the corner .
When she turns into a wolf and starts eating his face , Godric and Eric jump down from the rafters in S.S. gear ( leather - brimmed caps , heavy trenches , the whole nine ) .
Breathe easy , they ’re on our side , just in disguise .
In exchange for some of Eric ’s blood , the redhead reveals her master is one of them .
All signs point to the king .
Once Eric realizes he ’s basically left Sookie at the mercy of a gang of “ well - funded , highly trained ” weres “ fueled by vampire blood , ” he goes over to Gran ’s house and spills the beans .
The brand on their necks is a Runic symbol dating back much further than the Nazis .
Eric commands
Sookie , “ You ’re going to invite me in so I can protect you .
Or have passionate primal sex with you . “
Option two !
For God ’s sake , Sookie , PICK OPTION TWO !
When they hear a growling in the darkness , Sookie caves and lets him in .
( Nazi allusions aside , the whole thing ’s starting to feel kinda Twilight -y , which we were hoping to avoid . )
Eric and the wolf start snarling at each other .
Sookie whips out Terry ’s gun and fires a shot .
Body Count : depends where the bullet ended up .
Cleaning House
Hoyt ’s haircut is n’t fooling anybody , least of all himself .
He ’s one bad night at Merlotte ’s away from moving back in with his mama .
He comes by Jessica ’s with a plan :
They can fight their natures together .
But unless Jessica gets rid of that body soon , she ’s literally going to have a skeleton in her front closet .
While she ’s out renting a chainsaw , a stranger breaks into Bill ’s house .
But we can only see as far as his cowboy boots and jeans .
Is it Eric ’s foiled kidnapper ?
He rifles through some drawers until he finds a hidden compartment with a folder .
Inside is a Stackhouse family tree tracing Sookie ’s lineage , a newspaper clipping from her grade - school spelling bee ( she won ! ) , and what looks like surveillance photos .
Whoa .
Does this mean Bill ’s been watching Sookie since she was a child ?
( Oh , hey there , plot of The Time Traveler ’s Wife . )
Or was he just doing a background check on his bride - to - be ?
Jessica returns from the hardware store too late .
Cowboy Boots has already absconded with the corpse .
Body Count : one vanished trucker that will no doubt come back to haunt Bill when it ’s least convenient .
Family Ties
Add another job to Lafayette ’s lineup : rescuing his hopeless cousin .
He catches Tara just in time to make her spit out the pills .
Then he drives her over to a clinic to visit his mama , played by Alfre Woodard , a crazy , bigoted old coot who says charming things to her male nurse like , “ This is Jesus .
He ’s a Mexican , but he ai n’t rape me yet . ”
The day trip was a lesson for Tara :
There ’s some darkness in their blood line — if she does n’t watch herself , she could end up in the next room .
All the dialogue in this subplot — about the cruel hand of genetics and surviving by sheer will — makes emotional sense .
It ’s just such a chore to sit through .
When you start forcing Lafayette ( the show ’s Greek chorus and one of favorites ) to repeat Buddhist aphorisms , it ’s time for an exit strategy .
Jesus to the rescue !
And those cowboy boots belong to … Tara ’s new True Blood–swilling partner in crime .
A bit of friendly advice :
No relationship that starts with confessing suicidal ideations and progresses to beating up guys in the parking lot is going to make you feel better .
But then again , Tara ’s death wish needs an outlet .
And Boots looks like he ’s willing to oblige .
Bite Count :
We doubt it ’ll be long before Tara ’s beggin ’ to get bit .
I did n't think the Canucks were going to win this series , but the way they lost was a little bit surprising .
I figured the Canucks would need Roberto Luongo to keep them in this series in order for them to have a chance .
That was n't the case .
The Canucks held their own at even strength for the first five games and were done in by poor play on special teams , especially on the power play and even by Luongo himself who just was n't good enough over this six game stretch .
Short - handed goals , in particular , hurt them badly , especially in Game
Two which they may have deserved to win considering how well they played at even strength .
But it was n't to be .
After the jump we 'll looke at the scoring chances for both sides over the course of all six games .
Scoring Chances ( Series Totals )
I 'll start by giving the links to each game in case you want to be reminded of any particular contest when looking at the totals below :
Game One
Game Two
Game Three
Game Four
Game Five
Game Six
For those who'd like a definition : a scoring chance is defined as a clear play directed toward the opposing net from a dangerous scoring area - loosely defined as the top of the circle in and inside the faceoff dots , though sometimes slightly more generous than that depending on the amount of immediately - preceding puck movement or screens in front of the net .
Blocked shots are generally not included but missed shots are .
A player is awarded a scoring chance anytime he is on the ice and someone from either team has a chance to score .
He is awarded a " chance for " if someone on his team has a chance to score and a " chance against " if the opposing team has a chance to score .
And , of course , a big thanks to Vic Ferrari for making the whole damn thing possible with his awesome script .
Prior to Game Six , the totals were much closer and Vancouver was actually ahead at even strength .
The series was largely won and lost on special teams in those games .
In Games One through Five the Blackhawks had 39 chances on the power play or short - handed compared to only 29 chances for the Canucks .
Even in Game Six , the Canucks outchanced the Blackhawks on special teams 7 - 4 but were outscored 1 - 0 when Dave Bolland scored on a second period breakaway .
With the injuries to Willie Mitchell , Sami Salo ( in Game Five ) and Alex Edler ( in Game Six ) , a lot of defenders saw their difficulty of minutes go way up .
In my opinion , they coped pretty well , especially Shane O'Brien who played much better toward the end of the series than he had at the beginning .
Sami Salo 's numbers here look awful but he got crushed in Game Six when he was playing through an injury which probably had something to do with it .
If Mitchell is n't back , I 'm convinced they 'll need someone who knows how to clear bodies in front of the net .
The forwards are an interesting group .
I 'll say off the top that Daniel and Henrik Sedin were n't good enough in this series .
They were taking on some pretty darn good players , but if the Canucks are going to win they 'll need the Sedins to do more than break even .
Beyond those two , it seems to me that Vancouver needs to find a couple more players who can actually play in order to have the depth to compete with some of the really good teams in the league .
In this series they were really only missing one player in the top nine because Michael Grabner played very well on a line with Mikael Samuelsson and Kyle Wellwood .
The problem was that meant Alex Burrows needed to move up with the Sedins which left Ryan Kesler and Mason Raymond with Pavol Demitra to carry around .
And Demitra was bad .
When Demitra was n't there , the Canucks ran Samuelsson with the Sedins , Burrows with Raymond and Kesler and Steve Bernier with Wellwood and another linemate .
The problem being that Steve Bernier was awful .
If I were Mike Gillis , two or three solid even strength forwards would be on my list of things to find as unrestricted free agents .
This team could be a lot scarier if it also has Manny Malhotra and Colby Armstrong next year .
Roberto Luongo 's series was somewhat less than what his fans expected .
He allowed 22 goals in the series on 130 scoring chances which is about one goal every six chances .
That 's not atrocious but it is n't all that good either and if you believe Luongo provides you with an advantage in goal , it just is n't good enough .
If Antti Niemi was going to be the better goalie in this series , Vancouver had very little chance .
Luongo 's post - series comments are getting pounced on and he deserves it to some extent .
But it is good to remember they came immediately after Game Six , a time when he probably should have been upset with how the team played in front of him .
No one was good enough to win that night .
The top line of Dustin Byfuglien , Patrick Kane and Jonathan Toews were very good in this series , as was the checking line of Andrew Ladd , Dave Bolland and Kris Versteeg .
The top unit were great against Vancouver 's depth and on the power play while the checking line did a pretty good job against the Sedins .
Joel Quenneville was able to get that match - up with consistency which I found pretty surprising given how well it was working .
I thought that Vigneault was going to try to go power - v-power in Game Six but it did n't happen .
Marian Hossa ended up posting a positive scoring chance differential , but prior to Game Six he was getting shelled .
Chicago 's strength is their three very strong lines and they 'll need that third group to be much better against San Jose .
On defence , I was surprised by the lack of quality depth .
The top four guys are all pretty good but after that things get rough quick .
Brent Sopel is n't any great shakes but he at least plays a significant role on the PK .
Jordan Hendry was downright bad .
My understanding is that Kim Johnsson is done for the season with his concussion which really makes the Hawks vulnerable on the back - end .
If I were Todd McLellan I would definitely try to get either Joe Pavelski or Joe Thornton out to take advantage of shifts involving a Sopel - Hendry pairing .
Note : Derek Zona is going to be tracking scoring chances for the Sharks - Blackhawks series and I 'll be tracking the chances for the Flyers and Canadiens .
Both series involve pretty evenly matched teams .
The Stanley Cup Finals , however , will not .
Who owns the Nile ?
Who owns the Nile ?
Nine countries want to have a say in answering that question , and they do n’t agree .
The great river moves through Burundi , Egypt , Ethiopia , Kenya , Rwanda , Sudan , Tanzania , Uganda , and the Democratic Republic of the Congo , so they all may claim her as at least partly their own .
The White Nile , the Blue Nile , and the combined Nile :
The Nile ’s headwaters and tributaries begin in Tanzania , Burundi , Uganda , and Ethiopia , so the southern states control the source of the river .
Despite that seeming advantage , according to treaties from 1929 and 1959 , the northern states of Egypt and Sudan were allocated 75 % and 25 % of the Nile ’s water respectively , with none allocated to the source nations .
Egypt and Sudan are arid countries with almost literally no other access to fresh water other than the Nile .
The Nile brings life to Egypt :
The 1929 treaty was orchestrated by the British between colonized states , giving Egypt and Sudan all the water rights , and the ability to veto development projects in the source countries .
Ethiopia was n’t a colony , and did n’t agree , but it applied to them anyway .
In 1959 , a treaty was arranged by Egypt and Sudan alone , agreeing between them that they should continue to receive virtually all the water .
I ’m personally amazed that the arrangement held for as long as it has .
Other than words on a disputed and legally shaky treaty , there is nothing forcing the source countries to forego using the Nile , leaving it all for someone else .
That forbearance is over , though .
For more than ten years the Nile Basin Initiative has been trying to negotiate a new agreement .
Ethiopia , Tanzania , Uganda , Kenya , and Rwanda have signed a deal that approves more sharing of the water , while Egypt and Sudan reject it outright .
DR Congo and Burundi are on the fence .
If either of them sign the treaty , it will be considered binding on all the nations .
This week the talks broke down , with little hope of reaching a conciliatory agreement .
Regardless of the contention by some people that climate change is a figment of the imagination , virtually every report on the Nile conflict cites it as the new factor , along with population growth , making an agreement that much harder .
During the years that Egypt and Sudan essentially owned the river , many of the upstream countries were able to rely on rain to supply their basic water needs .
In recent years , however , the rains have been more unreliable .
They ca n’t count on that any more , so it is natural that they turn to the Nile .
Ethiopia wants to build dams for hydroelectric generation .
Tanzania wants to use water from Lake Victoria to supply thirsty villages .
The water is needed for irrigation all along the route .
The water needs of the ecosystem seem to not even be on the table .
The Blue Nile , Ethiopia :
So the question is still raised , who owns the Nile ?
If the new agreement should take effect , ostensibly binding Egypt and Sudan to its terms , would they go along ?
Their initial responses are no .
But what can they do ?
If , for example , Uganda builds a few new dams , literally thousands of miles up river , what could they do about it ?
Without the Nile , Egypt and Sudan would literally die , so the threat is that they will use military force to prevent that from happening .
The fear is that this could be one of the first of the Water Wars , as climate change affects people around the world who are already experiencing resource stress .
The Nile River Basin has found a way to live together for a long time , recognizing that the water is valuable to them all .
The Nile River binds all these countries together , for better or for worse .
I hope that they will find a way to compromise , because if the conflict results in war , everybody loses .
Learn More :
Guardian : Battle for the Nile as rivals lay claim to Africa ’s great river , June 25 , 2010
Time : Death ( of an Agreement ) on the Nile , June 28 , 2010
AFP : Egypt , Sudan wo n’t be forced to sign Nile treaty , June 26 , 2010
—
Follow Columbia Water Center on Twitter
WALTHAM , Mass . -
The wealth gap between white and African - American families increased more than four times between 1984 - 2007 , and middle - income white households now own far more wealth than high - income African Americans , according to an analysis released on Monday by the Institute on Assets and Social Policy ( IASP ) at Brandeis University .
IASP , in a research brief , also reported that many African Americans hold more debt than assets and at least 25 percent of African - American families had no assets to turn to in times of economic hardship .
The fourfold increase in the wealth gap , it said , reflects public policies , such as tax cuts on investment income and inheritances , which benefit the wealthiest and persistent discrimination in housing , credit and labor markets .
" Our study shows a broken chain of achievement .
Even when African Americans do everything right -- get an education and work hard at well - paying jobs -- they cannot achieve the wealth of their white peers in the workforce , and that translates into very different life chances , " said Thomas Shapiro , IASP director and co-author of the research brief .
" A U - turn is needed .
Public policies have and continue to play a major role in creating and sustaining the racial wealth gap , and they must play a role in closing it , " said Shapiro , author of The Hidden Cost of Being African American : How Wealth Perpetuates Inequality and the co-author of Black Wealth / White Wealth .
Wealth , what you own minus what you owe , allows people to start a business , buy a home , send children to college and ensure an economically secure retirement .
Using economic data from the same nationally representative set of families from 1984 to 2007 , the IASP analysis found that the real wealth gains and losses over the time demonstrate an escalating racial gap .
Over those 23 years , it said , the racial wealth gap increased by $ 75,000 - from $ 20,000 to $ 95,000 .
Financial assets , excluding home equity , among white families grew from a median value of $ 22,000 to $ 100,000 during that period while African Americans saw very little increase in assets in real dollars and had a median wealth of $ 5,000 in 2007 .
Summing up all assets and debt , one in 10 African Americans owed at least $ 3,600 in 2007 , nearly doubling their debt burden in real terms since 1984 , IASP said .
The growth of the racial wealth gap significantly affects the economic future of American families , it said .
The current gap is so large that it would pay tuition at a four - year public university for two children , purchase or make a solid down payment on a house , or provide a nest egg to draw upon in times of job loss or crisis .
" The gap is opportunity denied and assures racial economic inequality for the next generation , " said Tatjana Meschede , a co-author of the policy brief .
Notably , IASP 's analysis found that by 2007 , the average middle - income white household had accumulated $ 74,000 in wealth , an increase of $ 55,000 over the 23 - year period , while the average high - income African - American family owned $ 18,000 , a drop of $ 7,000 .
That resulted in a wealth gap of $ 56,000 for an African - American family that earned more than $ 50,000 in 1984 compared to a white family earning about $ 30,000 that same year .
Those figures , IASP said , make it clear that higher income alone will not lead to increased wealth , security and economic mobility for African Americans .
Consumers of color face a gauntlet of barriers -- in credit , housing and taxes -- that dramatically reduce the chances of economic mobility , it said .
Indeed , the data indicate that the general trend in lending , in which consumers of color pay more for accessing credit , increases their debt and blocks opportunities to move forward , putting them at a severe economic disadvantage .
These are concerns that must be addressed through the creation of a Consumer Financial Protection Agency , now being debated in Congress , and other policy changes , IASP said .
" The data suggests we need renewed attention to public policies that provide real opportunities for advancement by reducing barriers to mobility inherent in our tax system and increasing transparency , regulation and access in our housing and credit markets , " said Laura Sullivan , another co-author .
Several factors help explain why improving targeted public policies would reduce the racial wealth gap and lessen the increased reliance on debt .
One factor is that over the period studied there was an increasing dependence on credit markets to make ends meet .
Among those with no financial assets , credit is often an emergency resource to help cover a job loss or medical emergency .
A second factor is that deregulation of the lending market brought a proliferation of high - cost credit , including securitized subprime and predatory loans , payday lending and check - cashing stores .
Consumers of color were targeted in this market and resorted more frequently to credit cards and other forms of high - cost debt in the absence of assets or extended family resources to draw upon .
" The data make a critical contribution to the debate today about how to ensure greater economic security and opportunity for all our citizens .
A racial wealth gap affects all of us because it means that a large portion of the population cannot contribute to building the wealth and strength of our nation , and that is a drain on us all , " said Meizhu Lui , director of the Insight Center for Community Economic Development 's " Closing the Racial Wealth Gap Initiative . "
###
Summary : How will be the effects of the Deepwater Horizon spill ?
We can not yet say .
We do n’t know the oil flow rate from the leaks .
We do n’t know when BP will plug the leak .
But we can look at past leaks to help us forecast its effects .
In general , large spills cause much damage but with minimal long - term effects ( colder ecosystems recover more slowly ) .
Doomsters ignore this history , preferring to rely on their fears rather than facts .
Contents
How does the Deepwater Horizon spill compare to the largest spills since 1967 ?
A look at the largest oil spill on this list also in the Gulf : IXTOC in 1979 About those oil tankers sunk during WWII Posts about the Deepwater Horizon disaster on the FM website , and an Afterword
(1) How does the Deepwater Horizon spill compare to the largest spills since 1967 ?
“ Coping With an Oiled Sea “ , Office of Technology Assessment of the US Congress , March 1990 .
Table 2 - 1 on page 4 lists the largest oil spills in 1967 - 1990 .
The Deepwater Horizon would be # 49 on this list , having spilled , per official estimates , almost 6 million gallons so far .
The Exxon Valex is number 35 .
Where would the total oil spilled in WWII ( thousands of ships sank , hundreds of tankers ) rank on this list ?
Wikipedia has a more current list , in metric tonnes .
This is the sort of data Wikipedia does not do well .
Note that the estimate for the Deepwater Horizon is far greater than that of most experts .
(2) A look at the largest oil spill on this list also in the Gulf : IXTOC in 1979
That so few people remember the IXTOC spill three decades latter gives a rough estimate of its long - term effects .
Minimal .
( a) From “ Three Historic Blowouts “ , Lauren Schenkman , Science , 16 May 2010 :
The biggest well - related spill was triggered on 3 June 1979 , when a lack of drilling mud allowed oil and gas to shoot up through the 3.6 - km - deep IXTOC 1 exploratory well , about 80 km offshore in the southern Gulf of Mexico .
The initial daily outfl ow of 30,000 barrels of oil was eventually reduced to 10,000 barrels .
The well was fi nally capped more than 9 months later .
Mexico ’s state - owned oil company , PEMEX , treated the approximately 3.5 - million - barrel spill with dispersants .
U.S. offi cials had a 2 - month head start to reduce impacts to the Texas coastline .
( b) An early , scary report : “ Ixtoc I : A Case Study of the World ’s Largest Oil Spill ” , Arne Jernelöv and Olof Lindén , AMBIO : A Journal of the Human Environment ( Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences ) , 1981 , Issue # 6 —
No free copy available .
Abstract
The blow - out of the Ixtoc I exploratory well in the Bay of Campeche on June 3 , 1979 , resulted in the release of about 475,000 metric tons of oil to the waters of the Gulf of Mexico .
The authors calculate that approximately 24,000 metric tons of oil landed on Mexican beaches , about 4,000 metric tons landed on Texas beaches , and about 120,000 metric tons , or 25 % of the total , sank to the bottom of the Gulf .
Since thorough studies of the ecological damage in Mexico have either not been carried out or the results have not been released , the authors estimate biological damage from the spill on the basis of data in the literature , laboratory experiments , and experience with similar spills elsewhere .
They calculate that some 15,000 km2 of the Gulf of Mexico can be regarded as poisoned by the Ixtoc I oil , although damage to lagoons was less than expected .
The full extent of the damage remains unknown .
( c) A later report , proven correct by data since then : “ IXTOC I Oil Spill Economic Impact Study “ , Bureau of Land Management , 1982 :
From the Executive Summary “ None of the indirect economic effects exceed $ 1 million .
These estimates , based upon the available data , support a statement of no significant indirect economic impact in the study region that can be attributed to the oil spills . ”
“ Although the study has its limitations , such as inherent variability in the biological and environmental factors and the lack of previous examinations of the relationships between the various environmental and economic variables , the main conclusion of the oil impact assessment is that the oil spills had a limited effect on the biological activity on the important commercial species as measured by the ex-vessel value . ” Summary and Conclusions …
In terms of potential economic impacts , the most important consideration for Texas is the shrimp fishery , which represents over 95 percent of the value of landings .
Evidence does not exist that indicates the oil spills affected the biological activity of shrimp or other important commercial species .
Analysis is still underway that may reveal some evidence of potential long - term significance , but to date there is no biological basis for projecting a significant negative impact on commercial landings .
Information gathered from industry participants and knowledgeable observers indicates that no measurable impacts occurred on landings or value of landings .
While some small impact on fishing patterns was suggested , it was not significant in terms of measurable industry - level effects .
Analysis of secondary data relating to commercial landings supports the direct observations obtained .
Data for the study period , where available , indicate that commercial landings have been well within the range of natural variation .
Brown shrimp landings , off considerably in 1979 , are most plausibly explained by the predictable effects of unusual environmental conditions earlier that year .
After considering natural variability , there is no evidence in the secondary data to indicate a decline in landings of any commercial species due to the effects of the oil spills .
There is no significant direct economic effect of the oil spills on the commercial fishing industry of Texas measurable at the regional or major subregional levels .
Additionally , there are no measurable indirect economic effects .
that stem from the impact on the commercial fishery sector .
This study clearly indicates that the effects in this case were of such a minor nature ( at least in the shortrun ) that no assessment using any reasonable amount of resources would have improved the ultimate estimate significantly .
It further suggests that the decision not to conduct a large - scale primary data collection , relating to commercial fishing impacts , was appropriate .
(3) About those oil tankers sunk during WWII
Hundreds of tankers and oilers were sunk during WWII — 333 identified in the Pacific ( see # 2 below ) .
Many burned or spilled their oil when sunk .
Many remain on the seabed still loaded with crude oil or oil products .
There is little online research about the effects of oil spillage during WWII ; the Campbell et al book is the most often cited .
WWII tankers typically were 5 - 20 thousand tonnes dead weight ( max cargo capacity ) ; tiny by today ’s standards .
Note that gross registered tons is a measure of volume .
( 4a ) Posts about the Deepwater Horizon disaster on the FM website
( 4b ) Afterword
For more about this website , see the About the FM website page .
Send emails to fabmaximus at hotmail dot com ( note the spam - protected spelling ) .
You can subscribe to receive posts by email ; see the box on the upper right .
This is honestly too good not to share .
Mortal Kombat has always been a game that full of blood and violence thanks to the franchise ’s signature fatalities .
Well , someone took the time to recreate all those fatalities using … CONSTRUCTION PAPER !
I ’ll say that its very creative and the fact that it entirely made using paper is impressive .
Technically , the video is not safe for children as it does feature fatalities , but since its made with construction paper , I ’m not sure if they ’ll even notice the paper blood or what ’s even going on .
* NSFK – Not Safe For Kids .
[ via EricPwerUp ]
Crohn ’s disease is what is known as an ‘ inflammatory bowel disorder ’ ( the other major inflammatory bowel disorder is ulcerative colitis ) .
The inflammation in Crohn ’s can affect any part of the gut ( from the lips to the anus ) , and common symptoms include abdominal pain , bloating and diarrhoea which can be bloody .
The conventional approach to this condition is to treat with anit - inflammatory drugs and as well as those that the suppress the immune system including steroids .
Sometimes , Crohn ’s disease can lead to narrowing ( stricture ) in the gut .
It ’s not uncommon for sufferers to undergo surgery to remove narrowed or badly affects parts of the gut .
Back in January I became aware of research linking Crohn ’s disease with vitamin D deficiency [ 1 ] .
A group of scientists at McGill University and the Universite de Montreal ( both in Montreal ) .
Vitamin D was found to act directly on a gene ( the beta defensin 2 gene ) , which is implicated in the development of Crohn ’s disease .
If you ’d like more details about this article , you can read about it here .
I did n’t write about this research at the time , partly because I tend not to report much on research done in the lab looking at genetic or biochemical mechanisms .
While this research can be interesting , it ’s generally not as useful or relevant as ‘ clinical ’ studies in which treatments or approaches are tested on live beings ( preferably humans , if it ’s human health we ’re interested in ) .
Well , now someone has tested vitamin D supplementation in Crohn ’s sufferers , and the results suggest that this treatment has at least some promise in the treatment of this condition .
In this study , about 100 Crohn ’s sufferers were treated with either 1200 IU of vitamin D3 daily , or placebo , for a year [ 2 ] .
Relapse rate ( recurrence of active disease ) was 13 per cent in those taking vitamin D , compared to 29 per cent in the placebo group .
This result , however , not statistically significant .
The vitamin D dose did lead to a significant increase in vitamin D levels in the body – initial average levels were 69 nmol /l ( 28 ng.ml ) which rose to an average of 96 nmol /l ( 38 ng / ml ) after three months of treatment .
Some might argue that these levels are still lower than ‘ optimal ’ .
Also , perhaps the study did not go on long enough to see the full benefit .
Another limiting factor was the study ’s size – relatively small numbers mean that we generally need to see very big differences in treatment response for results to be ‘ statistically significant ’ .
The authors of this study have called for larger studies to be done , and I think this is a good idea , given how devastating a disease Crohn ’s can be , and the fact that vitamin D might turn out to be a simple , safe ( not to mention cheap ) approach to keeping the condition at bay .
It is possible , of course , that vitamin D turns out not to be beneficial for Crohn’s .
However , there for a long time has been mounting evidence that optimising vitamin D levels can improve health and wellbeing , and higher vitamin D levels are associated with a reduced risk of many chronic conditions including cancer , heart disease and diabetes .
References :
1. Wang TT , et al .
Direct and indirect induction by 1,25 - dihydroxyvitamin D3 of the NOD2 / CARD15 - beta defensin 2 innate immune pathway defective in Crohn ’s disease .
The Journal of Biological Chemistry .
2010;285(4):2227-31
2. Jorgensen SP , et al .
Clinical trial : vitamin D3 treatment in Crohn ’s disease – a randomised double - blind placebo - controlled study .
Aliment Pharmacol Ther 2010 May 11 [ Epub ahead of print ]
I have to confess I would have personally preferred a smaller rise , if only to avoid the inevitable accusations from the media that the wage - fixing body is too close to the Government ( and that the Government is in turn too close to the unions ) .
However , even if there had been no rise at all , the Australian minimum hourly rate would have stayed at $ A14:25 or so , which at today 's exchange rate is almost exactly $ US12:00 .
So , the obvious question .
How is it that Australia can afford a minimum wage double that of the strongest nation on Earth , without noticeably higher unemployment ?
We do not have a more skilled workforce overall than the US , quite the reverse in fact ( we run a massive trade deficit with the US because of non-participation in many areas of high - end manufacturing ) .
A relatively small population in a physically large ( if dry ) country with a big mining sector is part of the answer , but I do n't see it as the whole answer .
Video series : The Gulf oil spill
Part 1 — The economic impact
By C. W. Rogers and Andre Damon
29 June 2010
In this video , the first of a series on the Gulf Coast oil spill , the WSWS interviews Dean Blanchard , the owner of a shrimp processing and distribution company located in Grand Isle , Louisiana .
Like many others , his business has been ruined by the oil spill that has contaminated the gulf of Mexico and largely destroyed shrimping and fishing in the region .
At long last , a new edition of Greg Graffin's Ph.D. thesis is being released by Polypterus Press .
After two years of requests for the out - of - print " Evolution , Monism , Atheism , and the Naturalist World - View , " it will now be printed with a new title : " Evolution and Religion : Questioning the Beliefs of the World 's Eminent Evolutionists . "
This new release contains a foreword by Will Provine , a new afterword by Greg , and numerous edits to the body of the text .
This book raises several important issues about the uncomfortable relationship between evolution and religion , and through interviews it reveals the attitudes of the leaders in the field such as Richard Dawkins , Richard Lewontin , Ernst Mayr , and John Maynard Smith , among many others .
Anyone interested in the intellectual tension between religion and evolutionary science will enjoy reading this book .
For more details click here .
Contact information :
Greg Graffin & William Provine
graffin@ucla.edu
Hey , it ’s Friday and most of the news we ’re tracking has to do with the death of the ocean and other boring stuff ; why not engage in the spreading of some completely unsubstantiated , totally bullshit rumors ?
Hollywood Life is reporting ( exclusively ! ) that Joseph Gordon - Levitt is in the running to play The Riddler in Chris Nolan ’s next Batman film — a film Nolan has not even confirmed that he will be a part of — according to “ a source close to the director , ” who almost certainly exists .
Apparently , Gordon - Levitt so impressed Nolan with his work on the upcoming , summer - of - suck - redeeming Inception that he ’s now been put on “ the shortlist ” of candidates to inhabit the role — even though Hollywood Life also quotes Joseph Gordon - Levitt ’s rep as saying , “ This is not true ” at the end of the very same story .
But that statement is obviously open to interpretation , right ?
Also on that “ shortlist , ” at least according to NME ?
Eddie Murphy .
Whee , this is fun .
Any other “ sources ” out there want to leave their Riddler candidates in the comments ?
Advertisement
From gels to injections , a round - up of all the ways science hopes to improve female orgasm
Is there a logical explanation as to why lady parts can't orgasm consistently or ( in some cases ) ever during sexual intercourse ?
Can a pill , patch , cream , or vaginal collagen injection , morph a frigid woman into a sex pot with O - faces aplenty ?
Here 's a round - up of how science has tried to help women reach orgasm .
Is there a logical explanation as to why women can't climax consistently or ( in some cases ) ever during sexual intercourse ?
Can a pill , patch , cream , or ( gulp ) vaginal collagen injection , morph a frigid woman into one who orgasms with male consistency ?
The answer : Nobody knows .
Naturally .
But that has n't stopped science , bless its heart , from trying .
But should they ?
A recently released documentary , Orgasm Inc. , begs ladies to think twice before assigning themselves to " female sexual dysfunction " a disorder companies are attempting to treat with a variety of fix - its .
Director Liz Canner questions whether or not FSD even exists , and advises women proceed with caution .
Regardless , below is a quick round - up of some ways the men and women in white lab coats have attempted to tinker and tweak the female libido to reach its full potential .
Lady Gaga Can Orgasm Without Touch — And So Can
You
1. ) Intrinsa , " the sex patch " : Developed back in the 90s , Intrinsa , a testosterone - packed patch , was lauded as a miracle cure for women suffering from a myriad of sex problems .
While never legal in the United States — regulators were weary of its link to cancer — those who slapped it on in Europe experienced an increase in satisfactory sexual experiences due to the waves of testosterone circling their systems .
The caveat ?
Acne , hair loss , skin reactions , weight gain , migraines and insomnia .
Yikes .
2. ) LibiGel :
In 2007 a little concoction of testosterone - in - gel - form burst onto the scene .
LibiGel , to be applied to the upper area of a woman 's arm , was created to treat hypoactive sexual desire disorder .
Or , in layman 's terms , women who have a hard time becoming aroused .
As of February 2010 the drug still was n't FDA - approved , but researchers were in the midst of two double - blind , placebo - controlled Phase III efficacy trials .
3. ) Sexual arousal oil : Zestra Essential Arousal
Oil is a topical solution of botanical oils and extracts to be applied directly to ladyparts before sex .
Those who tested it experienced an " increase in clitoral and vaginal warmth , heightened arousal , and increased sexual pleasure " for up to 45 minutes .
Caution : due to being oil - based , do n't use latex condoms .
Opt for polyurethane condoms instead .
Next :
The orgasm shot ...
Sign Up for the YourTango Newsletter Let 's make this a regular thing !
More Juicy Content On YourTango :
Follow @no_mpjamesmoore if you been blocked by @mpjamesmoore .
The account wo n't be used for tweets ( at least , not often ) , but a list of those who Mr. Moore does n't want to hear from .
From the Twitter support site , " Blocking prevents a user from following you , sending you an @reply or @mention , or putting your account on any of their lists . "
I 'm curious if people feel it is appropriate or inappropriate for a Cabinet Minister to block Canadians who wish to engage the Minister in discussion of policies they are promoting .
He appears to be blocking those offering critique in a fully public ( so others can evaluate as well ) and courteous fashion .
In my case @russellmcormond was blocked , and Mr. Moore claimed to other Canadians in private direct messages I was sending " ... endless spam and / or lies and / pr smears and / or hate mail " .
I publish my letters to the Minister 's office ( as well as any replies ) to this site , and all my interactions with the Minister on Twitter are public .
Everything I have written to or about the Minister is available for public view .
Individuals can can evaluate what I said , and what Mr. Moore suggested I said , and make your own conclusions as to who might be engaging in what some might consider " pr smears " .
As the policy coordinator for Canada 's Association for Open Source , I may not be as well funded as representatives of the recording industry , but I should be granted comparable access to the relevant ministers .
I suspect if evaluated the commercial FLOSS sector is comparable or possibly larger than the major label recording industry .
Be ready to explore the never seen before range of beautiful Mauli Rakhis that is inclusive of most beautiful choices for bright and colorful Rakhis that are stunning and lovely .
You can buy any of the Mauli Rakhi from the range that you find best for your dearest brother .
So hurry to find the best one for brother from the offered Mauli Rakhi on website .
Filed to :
This is awesome
The Westboro Baptist Church — you know , the God Hates Fags people — came to Comic Con .
And met with people waving signs saying " All Glory To The Hypnotoad " and " God Hates Sentries . "
Rock on .
7/22 : We 've updated it with some pictures of our own ( the last four ) .
Top four photos by Mike Dougherty via Ryan Haylett .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Canonical is preparing a version of the Ubuntu OS for tablet computers as the company looks to extend its presence in the mobile space , a company executive said .
Tablets with the Ubuntu OS could become available late in winter 2011 , said Chris Kenyon , Canonical 's vice president of OEM services .
The OS will be a lightweight version of Linux with a simplified , touch - friendly user interface .
[ Stay ahead of advances in mobile technology with InfoWorld 's Mobile Edge blog and Mobilize newsletter . ]
This would be Canonical 's first foray into the tablet market , where it will compete with Google 's Android , Intel and Nokia 's Meego , and Apple 's iOS , which is used in the iPad and iPhone .
" The devices world is a really exciting space right now and we 're really bullish on it , " Kenyon said .
" Hats off to the iPad team for doing what they did . "
Canonical currently offers Ubuntu 10.04 for servers , PCs , and netbooks .
However , the company has " broader and bigger ambitions than just netbooks , " Kenyon said .
With touch input and varying screen sizes , tablets are fundamentally different from PCs , Kenyon said .
The focus will be on developing an OS with a simplified user interface that provides quick access to the most - used applications .
Development efforts will also focus on adding on - screen keyboard features and compatibility for multitouch drivers .
On the hardware side , the company is also talking to tablet makers and component manufacturers for the OS to run faster while consuming less power , Kenyon said .
The company has signed deals with chip makers Freescale , Texas Instruments and Marvell , which make chips based on the Arm processor for devices like tablets and netbooks .
The company is also collaborating with Intel to improve power - states , and display companies like Pixel Qi , which develops battery - saving screens for laptops and tablets .
Canonical already provides cloud storage through the Ubuntu One service , and users can purchase music through the Ubuntu One Music Store .
Canonical may look to make deals to bring more content to users , but Kenyon did not provide further details .
The tablet OS will be based on Ubuntu 's upcoming version 10.10 , which is code - named Maverick Meerkat .
The company also will merge the tablet and netbook OS under a lightweight Linux version called Ubuntu Light .
Canonical already offers a version of Ubuntu Light , but it is being pitched as a quick - boot companion to Windows , or as a lightweight OS for netbooks and PCs .
Canonical developed an edition of Ubuntu in 2008 for mobile Internet devices , but the category of devices failed to take off .
The company is taking a renewed look at the mobile space with a new generation of mobile products and form factors emerging .
However , there are no plans to release a version of Ubuntu for smartphones .
" It 's a crowded space with a lot of powerful players , " Kenyon said .
New Orleans , Louisiana ( CNN ) --
A containment cap over the underwater gusher in the Gulf of Mexico resumed siphoning oil and gas to a surface vessel Wednesday night , according to BP .
The cap was removed Wednesday morning after an undersea robot accidentally bumped a vent on the device , shutting it off and forcing the company to remove it at 9:45 a.m .
BP said the device was reinstalled and functioning again by 8 p.m .
The delay in containment efforts came after a day of record crude collection from the cap system .
After the underwater collision Wednesday morning , BP noticed " a discharge of liquids " rising through the vent that prohibits hydrates or ice - like crystals from forming in the cap , said Adm .
Thad Allen , the government 's response manager .
Allen said BP removed the cap at 9:45 a.m. to analyze the liquids and to check for hydrates , which could block oil from reaching the surface vessel collecting the gushing crude .
BP 's secondary collection system via the Q4000 vessel was ongoing .
That system collected 10,425 barrels -- about 438,000 gallons -- on Tuesday .
But a majority of the oil collected was through the cap .
BP said Tuesday that it collected 25,830 barrels -- 1.08 million gallons -- of oil from the gushing undersea well over the past 24 hours -- the most yet collected in a single 24 - hour period .
Government estimates indicate as much as 60,000 barrels -- 2.5 million gallons -- of oil has been flowing into the Gulf every day since an explosion on the Deepwater Horizon oil rig April 20 triggered the spill .
The gusher has already taken a serious toll on tourism and the fishing industry in Gulf Coast states .
Meanwhile two people involved in the oil disaster response were reported to have died in Alabama , Allen said .
According to the Baldwin County Coroner 's office , William Allen Kruse , a 55 - year - old boat captain working on clean up , died of an apparent self - inflicted gunshot wound in the wheelhouse of his boat .
The Gulf Shores Police Department is investigating the death , though Coroner Stan Vinson said " at this time we have no reason to believe there is any foul play involved . "
The other death was described by Allen as a swimming accident .
" Our thoughts and prayers go out to their families , " Allen said .
" We know this is a devastating thing to happen . "
Also Wednesday , BP put on a new public face by tapping its managing director to lead a new and permanent Gulf of Mexico oil disaster organization .
Bob Dudley , a native of Mississippi , was appointed president and chief executive officer of BP's Gulf Coast Restoration Organization , BP said in a statement .
Dudley said the new organization was designed to enable BP to push more of the company 's resources toward the overall recovery effort and to make sure the claims process is transferred smoothly to Kenneth Feinberg , the independent director of BP's $ 20 billion compensation fund .
" Meantime , we 'll continue to write the checks , pay the claims and make sure that we 're there for a long time , many years , not only after the well is stopped , but the clean - up , " Dudley told CNN 's American Morning .
" This is the first step . "
Speculation had abounded that BP 's top executive , Tony Hayward , would step aside after a grilling in Congress last week and criticism over public relations gaffes .
Hayward angered Gulf Coast residents when he was quoted as saying he wanted his life back .
He did n't do himself any favors by attending a tony yacht race over the weekend , just two days after testifying before a Congressional panel that he was not responsible for well design and operation decisions made before the April 20 explosion aboard the Deepwater Horizon drilling platform .
Dudley will still report to Hayward , who remains as BP 's group chief executive , but he will be the new point man in the daily disaster response .
Hayward said in BP 's statement Wednesday that Dudley has " a deep appreciation and affinity for the Gulf Coast . "
Dudley defended Hayward , as well as BP Chairman Carl - Henric Svanberg , who caused a stir when he said his company " cared about small people . "
" Both of those men are ... deeply disturbed by what 's happened in the Gulf , and fully committed to making sure that BP meets all of its commitments , " Dudley said .
" They may have said the wrong things . "
Dudley said his main job , however , was not public relations but " to listen very , very closely to the governors , people along the Gulf Coast and in Washington to make sure we respond as quickly as we can . "
The debate over a deepwater drilling moratorium continued Wednesday , with the White House vowing to move quickly to issue a new ban on that type of drilling .
Interior Secretary Ken Salazar told a Senate panel that he would look into issuing a new , less restrictive drilling ban in the near future as he made a case for a pause on drilling until the cause for the BP spill is fully understood .
He promised it would include evidence that " eliminates any doubt that a moratorium is needed , appropriate , and within our authorities . "
" We will in the weeks and months ahead take a look at how it is that the moratorium in place might be refined , " said Salazar , testifying before the Senate Appropriations Committee on Wednesday .
A federal judge in New Orleans issued an injunction Tuesday on the six - month moratorium on deepwater drilling , imposed by President Barack Obama after the Gulf spill .
Brian Collins , an attorney for the Justice Department , insisted Monday that the suspension is necessary while officials conduct a safety review .
Meanwhile , a tropical disturbance in the Caribbean raised fears of a stronger storm forming and heading possibly to oil - affected areas in the Gulf .
The National Hurricane Center said the disorganized storm had a 30 percent chance of intensifying .
Allen said he spoke with Dudley about plans to get the two BP oil recovery ships disconnected from the well and moved off scene .
Allen said the Discovery Enterprise crew needs six or seven days advance notice to evacuate .
" That means we 're going to have to look at the tracks of these storms , these probabilities and have to act very early on , " Allen said .
CNN 's Anderson Cooper , Eric Marrapodi , Chris Lawrence , Alan Silverleib , Matthew Chance , Vivian Kuo and Ethan Harp contributed to this report .
Enlarge AP
A burnt - out vehicle sits in a street in the northern border city of Ciudad Juarez , Mexico , on July 16 .
The detonation of a car bomb within sight of the U.S. border in Mexico has rattled officials who expect more of the devices — staples of terrorism and warfare in Iraq and Afghanistan — to emerge on the streets of Mexico .
Dan Kumar , chief of international affairs for the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives , said the cartels " absolutely have the capacity and ability " to continue such attacks and there is reason to " expect more of this type of violence . "
" This latest incident has raised a lot of concern in the U.S. and Mexico , " Kumar said , adding that the cartels have turned even more violent in a vicious war to control the drug routes to the U.S .
The bombing last Thursday in Ciudad Juárez , across the border from El Paso , killed three people , including a police officer .
It marked the first time a vehicle bomb has emerged in the deadly conflict , Kumar said .
El Paso Police Department spokesman Darrel Petry said there is no evidence the violence will spill into the U.S. , but local authorities are prepared .
" Are our officers advised to use extra caution ?
Yes , " he said .
Drug gangs allegedly lured police and other emergency responders near a vehicle packed with explosives by dropping a wounded man dressed as a police officer near the car , Juárez Mayor José Reyes Ferriz said after the attack .
As police and other emergency officials arrived to assist the wounded man , the bomb was detonated remotely .
This week , Mexican President Felipe Calderón appealed for the entire country 's help .
" This is not just a job for the federal government , much less just for the president , " he said Tuesday .
" Citizens , of course , cannot face the criminals by themselves , but we ask for their support and understanding to continue this fight . "
Kumar said the cartels have steadily increased their use of explosives , a mix of military ordnance and homemade grenades , in the past two years .
The emergence of explosives in cartel battles , he said , prompted the Mexican government to create a team to examine the phenomenon .
Its work has expanded as the use of explosives has increased .
" I think we have to expect ... these types of car bombs , " Kumar said .
In a bulletin issued to state and local law enforcement officials in the United States , Department of Homeland Security analysts said the attack — " within walking distance " of the U.S. border — highlighted " the potential for American casualties if similar attacks are conducted in the future . "
The Juárez Cartel , which has claimed responsibility for the bombing , and the Sinaloa Cartel are responsible for much of the fighting .
" There is no indication either cartel will target U.S. law enforcement personnel , " the July 17 bulletin states .
" There is potential , however , for collateral injury to U.S. persons in Mexico and along the border regions as violence escalates , " the bulletin says .
Contributing : Chris Hawley from Mexico City Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
With word that a killer was among them , fear spread quickly among Moreno Valley ’s parents and teenagers Wednesday after authorities confirmed that a body found near a patch of farmland was that of a missing 17 - year - old high school student .
Norma Lopez vanished seven days ago as she walked to a friend ’s house after summer school , triggering a massive search that has now turned into a hunt for a killer throughout Riverside County .
Police believe Lopez was abducted as she cut though a field near Valley View High School .
“ We have n’t caught the suspect who killed Norma , so obviously there is at least [ one ] murderer out there .
So I would be vigilant , I would be aware .
If I was a parent , I would keep track of my children , ” said Riverside County Sheriff ’s Department spokesman Sgt. Joe Borja .
Sonia DeLeon , a prenatal health counselor , was n’t taking any chances .
She ’s sending her 17 - year - old daughter to live with relatives in San Diego County for a few weeks .
“ It ’s scary .
The person is still out there , ” DeLeon said .
“ I work , my husband works , we ca n’t keep an eye on her every minute . ”
News of Lopez ’s death , mostly through text messages and cellphones , traveled quickly through her school long before the Sheriff ’s Department made the official announcement , Principal Kristen Hunter said .
“ We ’ve had so many kids come in that I had to call the district to bring in the crisis response team , ” Hunter said .
“ It was heartbreaking to see how much pain they were in .
Some of them went to school with Norma since elementary school .
They were hitting their fists on the table , saying ‘ Why ?
Why ?
Why ?’ ”
Lopez was reported missing a week ago by her older sister , Sonja , after she failed to return home from a summer biology class .
She was out of school by 10 a.m. and planned to meet her older sister and a friend , authorities said .
Investigators said they found some of Norma ’s belongings , as well as signs of a struggle , in a vacant field along Cottonwood Avenue , a popular shortcut among students .
Lopez ’s body was found in a grassy field Tuesday afternoon by a resident doing yardwork on the eastern edge of town , an area just off Interstate 60 that issurrounded by vast wheat fields .
Authorities declined to provide any details about the cause of death , any evidence found with the body or when they believe that Lopez was killed .
Borja said investigators have no suspects in the case , although a newer model green SUV was seen speeding away from the area where Lopez disappeared .
Until they received word of her death early Wednesday morning , Lopez ’s parents clung to the hope that their daughter was alive , appearing before television news cameras almost daily begging for her safe return .
“ There are no words to describe how I felt at the moment .
I have rage , anger with those who did this to her , ” said Melanie Villarreal , 18 , a friend of Norma and her sisters .
“ Moreno Valley is such a small community … now you ca n’t even walk out of your house with your back turned . ”
Friends streamed into the Lopez family ’s house throughout the day , bringing flowers and condolences .
Television news vans flanked the house , a well - kept , beige , two - story suburban home with pink rosebushes and a pepper tree in front .
Sheriff ’s officials said the family members were too distraught to comment .
On Tuesday , the Sheriff ’s Department announced a $ 35,000 reward for any information leading to the the arrest and conviction of anyone responsible for her abduction .
An account also has been set up at Wells Fargo for anyone wishing to contribute to the reward .
On Wednesday evening , hundreds of students , parents and community members started streaming into Valley View High School with flowers , cards and other mementos to express their grief .
“ It ’s scary for all of us who have kids in this town , ” said Erika Rogers , whose 16 - year - old daughter will be a senior next year .
“ Right now , we ’re not letting her walk anywhere .
Not after school , nowhere . ”
By 6:30 p.m. , the crowd filled one of the grandstands at the school ’s football field .
It was a scene of grief and tears , of emotions rubbed raw by the disappearance and death of an innocent teenager , one of them .
Students and community members were invited to come down to an open microphone on the field to share a story about Norma or a prayer or a song .
Two of Lopez ’s sisters , Elizabeth and Sonja , sat silently on folding chairs in front of the crowd , comforted by hugs and the kind words from friends and strangers .
The principal opened up with a tearful , stark comment about how Lopez ’s death had been a tragedy for her family , her school and her community .
“ I just want to say I miss you , Norma .
Nobody deserves this , ” said Caroline Benjamin , 15 , a friend .
“ She could have changed the world one day . ”
Authorities urge anyone with information about the case to call ( 877 ) 242-4345 , or send an e-mail to findnormaskiller@riversidesheriff.org .
phil.willon@latimes.com
OnToplist is optimized by SEO Add blog to our directory .
NEW YORK -- NFL and union officials discussed adding two games to the regular season when they met Wednesday for their first negotiating session since February .
Teams still would play a total of 20 exhibition games under the proposal .
The league would go from four in the preseason and 16 in the regular season to two and 18 .
" This is an idea that is really gaining momentum , particularly with the owners , " Green Bay Packers president Mark Murphy said during a conference call .
The current collective bargaining agreement will expire in March , and that could lead to a work stoppage during the 2011 season .
In quotes released by the NFL Players Association , Tom Brady and Ray Lewis expressed concern about the damage that two extra regular - season games could do to players ' bodies .
" I 've taken part in several postseason runs where we have played 20 games , " said Brady , the New England Patriots ' quarterback .
" The long - term impact this game has on our bodies is well documented .
Look no further than the players that came before we did .
Each player today has to play three years in order to earn five years of postcareer health care . "
Murphy said he frequently hears Packers fans complain about the quality of exhibition games , as starters now play sparingly during the preseason .
With offseason training , he said , players come into camp in good shape and no longer need four games to prepare .
" Part of it is really providing more value to our fans , " Murphy said .
" The quality of our preseason has really deteriorated over time . "
Murphy suggested that more regular - season games would mean more revenue -- which means more money distributed to players .
The earliest season with an expanded schedule would be 2012 .
" I know our fans may not like preseason games , and I do n't like all of them , " said Lewis , a Baltimore Ravens linebacker , " but swapping two preseason games for two end - of - season games -- when players already play hurt -- comes at a huge cost for the player and the team . "
Murphy said the league would look into how players train during the offseason and season to try to reduce injuries .
The size of the active roster and practice squads also could be increased ; that would have to be agreed to in bargaining .
The NFL could expand to 22 games -- four exhibition , 18 regular season -- under the current CBA , subject to financial negotiation with players , but Murphy said the league would not make a change without an agreement from the union .
He floated the possibility of creating a developmental league to make up for the experience lost by younger players with the reduction in preseason games .
" If you look across most professional sports , we 're the only league without some type of minor league or developmental system to develop players , " Murphy said .
" That was one of the key factors , 100 percent true , " Izzo said .
" That was not the only factor .
Was it a big factor ?
Sure . "
James ' uncertain future will make for a difficult decision for any prospective Cavs coach .
He is unlikely to tip his hand publicly before free agency begins July 1 .
For the past nine days , Izzo has been trying to decide whether to leave the place that has been his home since 1983 and jump to the NBA to perhaps make $ 6 million -- doubling his salary -- and possibly coach one of the best basketball players in the world .
Izzo readily admitted that the idea of coaching James was very tempting .
His son , Steven , too , was intrigued by James .
" I 'll admit , if you want to be mad at somebody , Steven thought playing one - on - one with LeBron James would be a good time every day , so be mad at him . "
Now , he 's hoping James will join him for " stay - at - home month , " referencing the 25 - year - old superstar 's uncertain future .
" I 'm staying at home , " Izzo said .
" I hope he stays . "
Izzo certainly plans to .
A decade after declining a contract to coach the Atlanta Hawks , Izzo vowed he would not entertain another offer .
" I knew at the beginning that whatever decision I made would be a decision for life , " Izzo said .
" I am going to be a lifer .
This is what I 'm going to be , and I 'm damn proud of it . "
Izzo 's decision ends a nearly two - week courtship by Cavaliers owner Dan Gilbert , who was hoping a reported five - year , $ 30 million contract would be enough to land the Spartans ' coach and perhaps show James that he intends to remake the Cavs following a bitter postseason loss .
" The entire Cleveland Cavalier organization has nothing but respect and admiration for Coach Izzo and his family , " Gilbert said in a statement .
" Tom is a special person in so many unique and positive ways .
We only wish great things for him and his family in all the years ahead . "
Izzo did n't seem at ease as he walked into his news conference along with his wife , Lupe , Michigan State president Lou Anna Simon and athletic director Mark Hollis .
He kept his head down when Simon made her opening remarks , sipping water , tapping his feet and fidgeting with his fingers and rubbing his hands .
This past season , Izzo led the Spartans to the Final Four for the sixth time in 12 years .
Only the late John Wooden at UCLA and Duke 's Mike Krzyzewski also have done that .
" It 's a great day , knowing he 's coming back , " said Mateen Cleaves , perhaps Izzo 's favorite player and one of the stars from his 2000 national championship team .
" It put the biggest smile on my face to know he 's coming back . "
Milwaukee Bucks guard Charlie Bell , who played on the 2000 national championship team , was also glad to hear Izzo 's staying .
" Izzo is Michigan State basketball , " he said .
For Cleveland , Izzo 's decision appears to be another setback .
Izzo 's snub has further tangled a tricky summer for the Cavaliers , who are weeks away from knowing whether James will be back with them .
Since losing to Boston in the second round of the playoffs , Gilbert fired Mike Brown , the most successful coach in team history ; general manager Danny Ferry left after deciding not to renew his contract following five banner years ; and now Izzo , a friend of Gilbert 's , does n't want to be in the Cavs ' future .
James ' decision hangs over all of it .
Without knowing whether he 'll return , the Cavs ' pursuit of a coach has been nearly impossible .
They can't promise candidates that No. 23 -- soon to be No. 6 -- will be around to make another run at a title .
The Cavs were adamant that James would not be consulted during their coaching search .
Even if a coach had talked to the two - time MVP , he was n't going to reveal his plans before hitting the free - agent market with an All - Star class that includes fellow Olympians Dwyane Wade and Chris Bosh .
Michigan State 's Tom Izzo vowed he would not entertain another coaching offer .
AP Photo / Al Goldis
Cleveland 's next option appears to be Byron Scott , who spent an hour on the phone last week with Cavs GM Chris Grant and assistant Lance Blanks .
Scott , who was fired by the Hornets in November , may not be a slam dunk backup plan for the Cavs because the former New Jersey and New Orleans coach would be interested in the Los Angeles job if Phil Jackson retires .
Scott won three titles playing for the Lakers and has dreamed of coaching in L.A .
He had an out clause built into his contract with the Nets so he could pursue the Lakers ' job if it ever opened .
He also loves the West Coast and might seriously listen to the Clippers if they 're interested in him .
The Cavs also have contacted Milwaukee assistant Kelvin Sampson and former Atlanta coach and Cavs assistant Mike Woodson .
The team could bring one or both of them in for interviews but may wait until after it has a better sense of James ' next off - the - floor move .
Gilbert knew that finding Brown 's replacement would be difficult .
He said it would be ideal to have a coach in place by July 1 , but that may be unrealistic .
The draft is next week , and although the Cavs do n't currently have a pick , they 've been shopping around to obtain one .
They 've also talked to several teams about possible trades , hoping to upgrade their roster and make it more appealing to James .
Brown was fired after five seasons for failing to win a championship .
His successor will be hard - pressed to match Brown 's success over a five - year span , when the Cavs went to the Finals , won two division titles and had the league 's best regular - season record the past two seasons .
g Disturbingly for the government , only 55 per cent of voters now believe it will win the next election , a fall from 71 per cent only two months ago .
One - third , or 33 per cent , think the Coalition will win , up from 19 per cent two months ago Disenchantment with both main parties is at its highest level in almost a decade , resulting in the Greens recording a poll - record primary vote high of 15 per cent , and independents and others recording a combined 9 per cent .
Labor 's primary vote is now 10 points lower than at the last election but only 1 point of that has gone to the Coalition .
Since the last poll a month ago , Labor 's primary vote has slumped 4 points to 33 per cent - the lowest for Labor since just after the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks - while the Coalition 's primary vote nudged up 1 point to 43 per cent .
The only downside for the opposition was Tony Abbott 's approval rating plunging over the last month to the same level as Mr Rudd's .
'' The opposition 's biggest problem is that their leader is just as unpopular , if not more so , than the Prime Minister , and so voters are looking elsewhere , '' the Nielsen pollster John Stirton said .
'' Having said that , a winning lead is a winning lead and I 'm sure the opposition will take it . ''
The poll of 1400 voters was taken from Thursday night to Saturday night and follows a month dominated by debate on the mining tax .
As Mr Rudd prepares to go to Perth this week to meet mining executives and hold a community cabinet meeting , the poll shows Labor is losing the debate .
A month ago , just after the tax was announced , the poll found 44 per cent supported it and 47 per cent opposed it .
The latest poll finds support has fallen to 41 per cent while opposition has risen to 49 per cent .
Also , almost two - thirds of voters support the Coalition 's policy to reintroduce the ' ' Pacific solution ' ' - the processing of asylum seekers in another country .
Mr Rudd , who once enjoyed stratospheric popularity , continues to fall from favour .
His approval rating fell 4 points to 41 per cent and his disapproval rating rose 3 points to 52 per cent .
Mr Abbott 's approval rating fell 5 points , also to 41 per cent , and his disapproval rose 6 points to 51 per cent .
Each leader is as unpopular as the other .
Mr Rudd 's lead as preferred prime minister continues to erode .
His rating fell 4 points to 49 per cent while Mr Abbott moved up 1 point to 39 per cent .
The findings confirm the theory in Labor that its greatest hope for the election is Mr Abbott 's unpopularity .
However , Labor 's primary vote is now so low that even if it received 100 per cent of Greens preferences , it would still lose .
Loading
If preferences were allocated as they fell at the last election , the Coalition would be ahead on a two - party - preferred basis by 52 per cent to 48 per cent .
Based on how voters told the poll they would allocate preferences , the Coalition is ahead by 53 per cent to 47 per cent .
The Greens leader , Bob Brown , said given the rise in support for his party , he should be allowed to participate in the leaders ' debate during the election campaign .
As a geek , you definitely know your ABCs , but do you know these ?
From A to Z , “ away team ” to “ zork , ” here is [ GAS ] ’s take on the Geek Alphabet .
Please note that all pictures featured below were licensed under a “ CC ” license .
We ’ve sourced them all at the bottom of this post .
All images used for our geeky ABCs are from Flickr , licensed under Creative Commons licenses that allow for remixing .
And they ’re “ share alike , ” which means that you ’re welcome to use our geeky alphabet – as long as you credit us and link back to this post !
A is for Away Team , where you should never wear red ( mild mannered photographer )
B is for Binary , 1s and 0s in your head ( jpstanley )
C is for Cosplay , making cons an awesome place ( SoulCookie )
D is for Doctor , who keeps changing face ( great beyond )
E is for Emoticons , that tell you what we ’re feeling ( neal gillis )
F is for Flickr , whose photos we are “ stealing ” ( tricky )
G is for Gadgets , the way to our heart ( slipstreamjc )
H is for Hardware , I took it apart ! ( jurvetson )
I is for iEverything , love it or hate it ( dan dickinson )
J is for Japan , we ’re glad Nintendo invaded ( oscar mota )
K is for Keyboard , we love every letter ( andrew * )
L is for Leias , the more the better !
( koadmunkee )
M is for MMORPGs , it ’s a magical place ( i eated a cookie )
N is for NASA , and the beauty of space ( nasa1fan )
O is for Occipital Lobe , we love using our brains ( illuminaut )
P is for Programming , ( ( though lisp is a pain ) ) ( phil_jackson )
Q is for Quilting , and other geeky crafts ( athenamat )
R is for Reading , no matter what the path ( timonoko )
S is for Science , though the cake is a lie ( don solo )
T is for Tabletop , and a 20 - sided die ( nengard )
U is for Uncertainty , you just never know ( neil crosby )
V is for Voltage , oh the places we ’ll go !
( oskay )
W is for the World Wide Web , it ’s more than just porn ( shimown )
X is for Xerox , where so much geekiness was born ( marc smith )
Y is for Youth , since kids are geeks too ( benmcleod )
Z is for Zork , watch out for the grue !
( the_tml )
BEVERLY HILLS ( Reuters ) - A distraught Lindsay Lohan was sentenced to 90 days in jail on Tuesday after a judge ruled that she had violated her probation by missing a string of alcohol education classes imposed for a 2007 drunk driving arrest .
Actress Lindsay Lohan reacts beside her attorney Shawn Chapman Holley ( R ) as Judge Marsha Revel rules that Lohan had violated her probation on a 2007 drunken driving charge in Beverly Hills , California July 6 , 2010 .
REUTERS / David McNew / Pool
Beverly Hills Superior Court Judge Marsha Revel ordered the “ Mean Girls ” star to report for jail on July 20 .
She also ordered Lohan to attend a 90 - day residential substance abuse program once she has completed her sentence .
Lohan , 24 , whose once promising movie career has foundered in recent years , sobbed loudly on hearing the sentence .
She had earlier tearfully begged the judge for forgiveness , saying she was taking her alcohol education classes seriously .
“ I am not taking this as a joke .
This is my life .
It is my career .
It is something I have worked for all my life , ” the actress pleaded .
But judge Revel ’s court heard otherwise .
Lohan , who did three stints in rehab in 2007 , missed seven alcohol education classes over the past six months and had not attended her meetings once a week , as clearly instructed by the judge .
“ I did the best I could to balance jobs and showing up , ” Lohan told Revel , her voice croaking with emotion .
“ I was working ... I was working with children , I was n’t taking it as a joke ... I wanted to come back and make you happy . ”
The alcohol education classes were imposed for two , 2007 drunken driving and cocaine possession arrests .
Lohan spent 84 minutes in jail in that year as part of her sentence and was given three years probation .
NO MORE CHANCES
Last October , her probation was extended for a year after the actress used what prosecutors termed “ very creative ” excuses for missing several earlier classes .
“ After all that , she does not comply with the court ’s order and the court does find her in violation of her probation , ” Revel said on Tuesday .
“ I could n’t have been more clear , and it was n’t done . ”
Revel sentenced her to 30 days for each of the 2007 drunk driving charges and another 30 days for a 2007 reckless driving charge .
The terms will run consecutively for a total 90 days .
The judge had earlier declined to address an alert sent out in June by the alcohol monitoring device Lohan was ordered to wear in May after missing a court hearing because she claimed she had lost her passport while at the Cannes film festival .
Lohan protested via Twitter at the time that she had not been drinking .
A request by Lohan on Tuesday to have the SCRAM monitoring device removed for her remaining two weeks of freedom were dismissed by the judge .
Slideshow ( 10 images )
Lohan ’s lawyer pleaded for the actress to be excused from serving jail time , saying she had made up the missed classes and had complied with all the other terms of her sentence .
“ She has done far more than she has not done , ” lawyer Shawn Chapman Holley said .
“ You woke her up , you got her attention , she is juggling a lot of things ... but in the end she got it right . ”
Prosecutor Danette Meyers countered that Lohan had been given enough chances , saying ; “ Not once , but seven times , she has not complied with this court ’s order ... The court is clearly irrelevant to her . ”
Lohan found fame as an 11 year - old in the movie “ The Parent Trap ” and was considered one of Hollywood ’s most talented young actresses .
Her career peaked during the 2003 and 2004 movies “ Freaky Friday ” and “ Mean Girls ” .
But by age 20 , Lohan was already attending Alcoholics Anonymous meetings and party lifestyle has been chronicled in detail by celebrity web sites .
Her latest project is playing 1970s porn queen Linda Lovelace in a movie that was due to start shooting later this summer .
" This is an isolated incident and I am sure the police will be able to get to the bottom of the case and that those involved in Cayton in Bloom will find a way of turning this unfortunate incident around . "
From 1990 , the late , lamented Crisis ( Fleetway , UK ) , issue 44 .
A lot of stuff in Crisis was very heavy - handed and obvious , if well - meant .
Its content was primarily political -- and often as earnest as Rik from the Young Ones , till the later issues which became a strange mix of Eurocomix and almost a template for Vertigo ( as well as every writer who'd work for them at the start , except Jamie Delano I think ) .
You even got some really weird , cool stuff like REVOLVER , which I think was meant to compete with DEADLINE , home of Tank Girl . and then Robert Maxwell dies a big , fat man 's death and his empire is drawn in around him like the event horizon of a black hole .
Think Darkseid in FINAL CRISIS .
Fleetway , sadly , was part of said empire .
Which was why a big deal was made out of ST .
SWITHIN'S DAY and TRUE FAITH , you see .
It was taken as veiled Maxwell attacks on Thatcher .
As opposed to overt ones by writers .
But a lot of good stuff there anyway , so much still uncollected .
I doubt we 'll see a NEW ADVENTURES OF HITLER ( which sank one magazine , CUT , before CRISIS ) trade anytime soon , sadly .
And then there 's subjects impossible to get too heavy - handed with , because you cannot beat the reality 's horror .
One of those would be Cambodia 's Khmer Rouge .
Now Pol
Pot is dead , and the group pretty much splintered to nothing .
Then , however , they were still around , just over the Thai border , waiting to return , and supplied by the Red Cross .
And they made small visits over the border from time to time to steal food , and terrorize villages .
Like this one .
( As much as I could post within limits ; as with BIBLE JOHN , very hard to choose .
Some editing within pages for brevity ) Lloyd 's gift with moody art that practically bleeds suffocating paranoia and dread is especially well - employed in this , I think , and I also think it reminds me a lot of Kurtzman 's war stories .
A couple of pages of farming , song and celebration .
Then a noise .
That second to last panel ?
Fucking beautiful , is n't it ?
Anyway , we come to more cuts , but basically there 's a lot of speechifying by our Pol Pot wannabe here .
If you do n't know : one of the groups the KR targeted was anyone wearing glasses .
It meant you read , and therefore were an intellectual , like a teacher or a doctor .
You would try to save yourself by claiming to be a cab driver . ( c) 1990 Igor Goldkind & David Lloyd , because Robert Maxwell is dead .
Any fellow artists able to tell me what kind of paper Lloyd used here ?
I want to try it .
( PS if interested : This week 's LULU . )
• Liverpool goalkeeper says ' there is concern ' stars may leave club • ' Without them it would be really tough to be up at the top '
Pepe Reina broke off from the Spanish inquisition into their improbable defeat to Switzerland to express his concerns that Liverpool could regress even further if Rafael Benítez 's departure as manager is followed by either Fernando Torres or Steven Gerrard leaving Anfield .
While Reina has committed himself to the club , signing a six - year contract in April , the goalkeeper is acutely aware that when he begins next season at Liverpool there are no guarantees Gerrard or Torres will be there .
The two most important players at Anfield are both giving serious consideration to their future because of the problems afflicting the club , most notably the ownership of Tom Hicks and George Gillett and the lack of transfer funds to improve a squad that may need major restoration work if they are to improve significantly next season .
Liverpool finished seventh last season , 23 points behind the champions , Chelsea .
With no manager in line to replace Benítez and no sense that a takeover is close , Reina 's fear is that Torres and Gerrard may also sever their ties with the club .
" Of course there is concern about Fernando and Stevie , " he said .
" Not just them , but others , too .
Any team would count on Stevie and Fernando as big names and , for us , it 's the same .
Without them , it would be really tough to be up there at the top next season . "
Those concerns have been compounded by the news that Yossi Benayoun , one of Liverpool 's more creative players , is on the verge of moving to Chelsea while Javier Mascherano could conceivably link up again with Benítez at Internazionale .
Torres has been prominently linked with Chelsea and Manchester City , both of whom have resurrected their interest since Benítez left Anfield , whereas Gerrard is reputedly among José Mourinho 's targets at Real Madrid and has resisted the opportunity to distance himself from all the talk of a possible move , saying he will not talk about his future until after the World Cup .
Torres has spoken of Liverpool needing to be powerful movers in the transfer market this summer and Reina believes it is crucial that the club 's ownership issues are settled quickly .
" Fingers crossed , once we sort out the situation with the manager and the owners , which we hope is soon , hopefully we can focus on building a squad for the future , " he said .
" We are all on the same boat and we want to redecorate the ship .
We want to be a lot stronger , more consistent and create and build a proper squad to be contenders for the title once again . "
Reina , like Torres , had a strong working relationship with Benítez , but Iker Casillas 's understudy as Spain 's goalkeeper said he had come to terms with recent events .
" I 've had time to think about it and I guess it 's one of those things .
Football is football , it happens , and I always say the same thing – Liverpool will remain forever ; which is the most important thing . "
Nick Clegg has asked the public to nominate laws and regulations they would like to see abolished .
The deputy prime minister launched a Your Freedom website , on which people will also be able to propose ways to reduce bureaucracy .
In a speech he promised " raucous , unscripted debates " , which will " throw up the best ideas " .
He said the " best suggestions " would be taken into account when the Freedom Bill is published in the autumn .
Nearly 350 ideas have , so far , been posted on the website - including calls to repeal the smoking ban , review speeding laws and stop the " harassment or arrest of innocent photographers " under counter - terrorism laws .
Mr Clegg , who is overseeing the coalition government 's political reform programme , promised in May to create the biggest shake - up of the country 's democracy since the Great Reform Act of 1832 .
Proposals so far include fixed - term parliaments , an elected House of Lords and a referendum on changing the voting system .
The Your Freedom website will ask three questions including , " which current laws would you like to remove or change because they restrict your civil liberties ? "
It will also ask which regulations people think should be removed or changed to make running businesses or organisations as simple as possible , and which offences people think should be removed or changed and why .
' No purpose '
In his speech , in London , Mr Clegg said he believed the process would identify laws that make people " feel under threat " and " serve no real purpose " .
Although the government would not be " duty bound " to act on popular suggestions , he said all ideas would be considered .
Analysis Nick Clegg may come to regret asking the public for advice on scrapping intrusive and unnecessary laws .
First , exactly which civil liberties should be protected ?
After all , one person 's civil liberty is another person 's civil imposition .
For example , is the law banning smoking in a public place a restriction of personal freedom ?
Or is it a sensible measure to protect people 's health ?
Second , there 's a danger Mr Clegg 's drive to reduce the number of laws may end up creating even more laws .
Hence if you want to curb the use of CCTV , you may have to pass new laws imposing fresh restrictions .
And finally the public may come up with some unwelcome advice for Mr Clegg on treasured Lib Dem policies .
For example , who 's to say Eurosceptics wo n't bombard him with calls to get out of the EU because they believe it has eroded traditional British freedoms .
That 's the danger with consulting the public .
They do n't always tell politicians what they want to hear .
Read your comments Have Your Say
" Real democracy is unspun - it is the raucous , unscripted debates that always throw up the best ideas , " he said .
" So be demanding about your liberty , be insistent about your rights .
This is about your freedom and this is your chance to have your say . "
Speaking on BBC Breakfast , Mr Clegg said there was " lots and lots of old stuff on the statute books that we should get rid of for starters " .
" I 've just discovered for instance , would you believe it , that there 's still an old law in the statute book that says it 's an offence if you do n't report a grey squirrel in your own back garden , " he said .
He hoped the process could lead to " maybe even a sense of fun as people think of silly rules that need to be scrapped " .
At the same time , he said unnecessary laws and cumbersome regulation had a damaging effect of business .
" The key thing about this is that , whilst ministers might be able to disagree with the suggestions , the suggestions will be out there .
We wo n't be able to control it , we wo n't be able to control what the most popular ideas are , what the most numerous suggestions are , " he added .
' Kneejerk fears '
A former Labour minister suggested that despite , its good intentions , the new government could meet opposition in Whitehall to the idea .
" I do n't think it is a PR exercise , " Lord Digby Jones said .
" And to be fair to the Blair government , they tried to do a lot on it as well .
Government of all shades have done much to discredit the idea of consultation and it is crucial this does not turn into yet another cherry - picking exercise Alexandra Runswick , Unlock Democracy
" But the problem they will come up against is that a civil servant will say to them - ' minister , you abolish this regulation and what will you do the next time someone gets hurt , because you abolished this regulation ' .
Turkeys do n't vote for Christmas . "
And while wishing the initiative well , campaign group Unlock Democracy said it had a number of concerns about the process .
" Government of all shades have done much to discredit the idea of consultation and it is crucial this does not turn into yet another cherry - picking exercise , " said its deputy director Alexandra Runswick .
" Allowing people to vote and add comments online can only get you so far .
The government needs to encourage a much deeper public debate which informs as well as listens in order to avoid a kneejerk response . "
Repealing unnecessary laws has been a long - standing Lib Dem objective .
In January Chris Huhne - who is now Energy Secretary - said Labour had created 4,200 new laws since 1997 .
Jerusalem ( CNN ) --
An Israeli soldier faces a manslaughter charge in the death of a Palestinian waving a white flag during a three - week incursion into Gaza , the Israeli military said Tuesday .
The criminal indictment is one of three legal actions taken by the Israeli military for incidents that occurred during Operation Cast Lead .
More than 1,100 Palestinians died during the operation , which began late in 2008 and ended early in 2009 .
It was intended to halt the firing of missiles from Gaza into Israel .
The manslaughter charge was filed after an investigation into the shooting , the Israel Defense Forces said in a news release .
" This decision is based on evidence that the soldier , who was serving as a designated marksman , deliberately targeted an individual walking with a group of people waving a white flag without being ordered or authorized to do so , " the IDF said .
Conflict between the testimonies of Palestinian witnesses and military personnel made it " impossible to make a criminal connection " between this incident and an incident described by those Palestinian witnesses in which Israeli soldiers allegedly fired at people waving white flags , the IDF said .
In another incident , a battalion commander authorized sending a Palestinian man into a house sheltering terrorists next to his own house in order to persuade them to leave , the news release said .
The commander was indicted " because he deviated from authorized and appropriate IDF behavior " and ignored rules on the use of civilians in military operations , it said .
But the release did not appear to say what charges he faces , and the IDF did not immediately respond to an e-mail seeking clarification .
Tuesday 's news release also said a criminal investigation has been ordered into an incident in which a residence holding about 100 members of a family was struck from the air .
In a separate case , an investigation into an assertion that the Ibrahim Al - Makadma mosque had been attacked concluded that that did not happen , but that an aerial strike near the mosque had occurred .
" The aerial strike targeted a terror operative involved in the launching of rockets toward Israel who was standing outside of the mosque , " the news release said .
" Injuries caused to civilians inside were unintentional and caused by shrapnel that penetrated the mosque . "
But the investigation concluded that the officer who ordered the attack had " failed to exercise appropriate judgment " and , as a result , will not be allowed to serve in similar positions of command .
Legal measures were deemed unnecessary , however .
" The military advocate general decided that the attack did not violate international laws of warfare because the attack did not target the mosque , rather it targeted a terror operative , and when the attack was authorized , no possibility of harming civilians was identified , " it said .
Israeli investigators looked into more than 150 reports and conducted nearly 50 probes of incidents during Operation Cast Lead .
Earlier this year , the Israeli military disciplined two officers -- a brigadier general and a colonel -- for allowing artillery shells to be fired into a populated area of Gaza .
But Palestinians said Israel 's actions were unsatisfactory .
" I think Israel should take all responsibility for all the war crimes that it is responsible for during its unjustified war in Gaza , and what they just announced is too little too late , " Palestinian spokesman Ghassan Khatib told CNN .
The IDF news release said that Israel carried out the operation after enduring eight years of rocket attacks from Gaza .
Israel , it said , had " practiced a policy of restraint for a long period of time . "
It accused the Palestinian movement Hamas of terrorizing the population and said the crowded urban centers of Gaza created a complex security situation .
More than 1,400 Palestinians died in Israel 's incursion , according to officials in Gaza .
The Israeli military said 1,166 people were killed , 60 percent of whom were " terror operatives . "
The 575 - page Goldstone report -- approved by the U.N. Council for Human Rights in 2009 -- accused both Israel and Hamas of " actions amounting to war crimes , possibly crimes against humanity " during the three - week offensive that ended in January 2009 .
The report , known for its author , South African jurist Richard Goldstone , called on both Israel and Hamas to independently investigate the alleged human rights violations cited in the report .
Sharing is caring !
As a beginner to the sex toys , you may have different ideas and decided to buy one of the best sex toys as per your sexual desires .
Attractive designs of sex toys in online store encourage all visitors to explore such toys in detail and they can enhance their sex life in different aspects .
You can get in touch with experts in the sex toys soon after you have decided to keep up - to - date with the sex toys .
You will get the absolute guidance and be encouraged to enhance everything related to your sexual fun all through the night .
The best glass dildo collection on online
It is the appropriate time to explore the recent collection of glass dildos available in different shapes and textures .
You will be amazed about everything associated with the glass dildos because attractive and user - friendly features of these dildos .
Individuals who focus on the mind - blowing advancements in the sex toys development in recent times get enough assistance as expected .
They decide on how to be smart in their way to buy the suitable sex toy without compromising their expectations in any aspect .
They are keen to use the glass dildo and spice up the foreplay in all the possible ways .
Glass sex toys are available in different range from hand - blown butt plugs to glistening beaded dildos with different textures and shapes at this time .
You can focus on every feature of the glass sex toys in particular dildos at any time you wish to buy brand - new sex toys and introduce unusual adult entertainment in your sex life .
All users of the glass dildo do not fail to get the new sensations to their favourite forms of foreplay activities .
They use this sex toy for solo fun and couple sexual fun enhancement purpose .
They get exceptional benefits from the competitive prices of high - quality glass dildos and ensure about how to use the glass dildo to improve their sex life in different aspects .
Get 100 % sexual fun as expected
All users of the best glass dildos nowadays get the most expected internal as well as external sensations throughout their foreplay .
This is because the temperature responsive nature of the glass dildo which can be heated or cooled as per expectations of users .
Many couples make use of the glass dildo and make their partner sexually satisfied in different aspects .
For example , they cool this glass dildo in the fridge for ten minutes before they use it .
They are happy to send this cool glass dildo down the spine of their lover and let him or her experience the goosebump - inducing shivers .
They also run this cool glass sex toy inside thighs of their sex partner and trace the tip around the edges of the partner ’s breasts and nipples to tease her in unusual ways .
Beginners to the glass dildo have to be conscious about how to comply with the temperature suggestions revealed by the manufacturer every time they cool or heat this sex toy .
They can check the overall temperature of the glass dildo on their forearm and double - check that the temperature is comfortable for use when they use it for increasing the pleasure in the form of the double penetration .
Experts in the sex toys use and recommend the glass sex toys in particular dildos .
This is because they make certain that these dildos play the main role behind the overall enhancement in their sexual pleasure .
Use the first - class glass dildo
Many people do not know about how to heat their favourite glass dildo in the safe way .
They can fill a pan with hot tap water at first and submerge the glass dildo in it for ten minutes .
They have to pour out water until the sex toy is only half merged in hot water and remove it in the careful way .
If you have a crush on the luxuries sex toys , then you can focus on everything about glass dildos for sale on online right now .
You will get the prompt assistance and fulfil your wishes about the enhanced sex life .
Every user of the glass dildo is happy about an easy to make use of the best sex toy and encouraged to fulfil their wishes about how to maximize their sexual pleasure in different aspects .
Manufacturers of the glass dildo make certain that the glass dildos are made of 100 % non-porous and medical - grade borosilicate glass .
They support their customers to happily use the glass dildo made of the lead - free crystal and take pleasure in the foreplay with the glass dildo .
You can contact the shop specialized in the glass sex toys in particular dildos and make a good decision about an easy way to compare and narrow down a huge collection of sex toys made of the best glass material .
This is worthwhile to spend enough time to find out and double - check real benefits of using the glass dildo .
You can enhance your expertise about how to efficiently use the glass dildo and decide on how to successfully get pleasure from the sex toy .
Choose and buy the first - class glass dildo
Adults with an idea to buy a high - quality dildo for anal or vaginal penetration have to consider loads of important factors to find out and buy one of best dildos subsequent to a complete analysis of overall features , pros and cons of different dildos on the market .
If they like to use the dildo with the smooth surface , then they can choose and buy the glass dildo .
This is because the surface of the glass dildo is as smooth as silk .
Once an adult has bought a glass dildo , he or she can add some lube in it and penetrate this dildo into their vagina or anal penetration purpose .
The non-porous nature of the glass material is an important reason why each bottle of the lube can last longer .
A glass dildo is a good option for penetration and designed to satisfy users .
You can find the best example here at lovegasm .
Hard and inflexible nature of the glass dildo support users who wish to play with something hard and favourable .
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Pirelli's return to Formula 1 edged closer on Sunday when the Italian company held formal talks with teams at the Canadian Grand Prix .
The company 's director of motorsport , Paul Hembery , was seen in discussions with a number of outfits and representatives of the Formula One Teams ' Association ( FOTA ) throughout race day in Montreal .
Although Hembery did not speak about the progress of talks , it is understood that the main focus on efforts in Montreal were on sorting out a formal contract for Pirelli to become F1's tyre supplier .
Hembery 's presence in Montreal is evidence of how far down the road Pirelli is with sorting out its plans with FOTA - and comes despite comments from FIA president Jean Todt last week that the tyre issue will soon go out to tender .
Red Bull Racing team principal Christian Horner said earlier in the Canadian GP weekend that he hoped the FIA and FOM would agree with the direction that teams wanted to take .
" Hopefully it can be a collective consensus of opinion , " said Horner .
" What is massively important for us as an independent team is that costs are under control .
Ideally there will be a single tyre supplier in order to ensure consistency and compatibility with all teams .
" I think the Pirelli deal that seems to be on the table looks to be commercially and practically very attractive , and that seems to be the consensus of the majority of teams .
But it is important that the FIA and FOM agree with the relevant tyre supplier . "
Barring a last - minute reprieve , Ronnie Lee Gardner will tomorrow night be strapped into a chair , hooded and executed with a blast of gunfire from five rifles in the first death by firing squad to take place in the US in 14 years .
Gardner , 49 , will be taken at midnight into a specially designed execution chamber in Utah state prison in Draper , Utah .
A target will be placed over his heart , and then in the first minutes of Friday five unidentified law enforcement officers will line up in front of him with .30 - calibre rifles .
After Gardner is allowed to say his last words , they will be ordered to fire at the target .
Should the execution go ahead , it will be the first in Utah for over a decade and only the third time since the death penalty was restored in 1976 that a firing squad has been used .
Both previous firing squads – the execution of Gary Gilmore in 1977 and that of John Taylor in 1996 – were used in Utah .
Other than Oklahoma , Utah is the only state in the US where the firing squad is listed as a possible execution method .
Prisoners are allowed to choose between it and lethal injection , the cocktail of three drugs preferred by most other death penalty states .
In April , Gardner told a judge : " I would like the firing squad , please . "
Gardner 's death sentence relates to the shooting in 1985 of Michael Burdell , a defence lawyer .
Gardner was in court in Salt Lake City , facing trial for murdering a barman called Melvyn Otterstrom , when he tried to escape from the courthouse and in the process shot and killed Burdell .
He also shot a bailiff , Nick Kirk , who died from his injuries 10 years later .
Last week Gardner appeared before a five - member board of pardons to plead for them to commute the sentence .
He said that he was a changed man and that he wanted to devote his life to helping abused children .
" I 'm really remorseful .
I do n't want to live for the sake of living .
If I can help somebody and be a positive influence , that 's what I want , " he told the board .
But the panel noted that he did not make any claim of innocence over the killings , and ruled on Monday that execution was appropriate .
The same day the Utah supreme court dismissed an appeal by Gardner 's lawyers , who argued that there were mitigating circumstances for his behaviour including drug addiction as a youth , physical and sexual abuse and possible brain damage .
The lawyers have lodged a further appeal with the highest court in the country , the US supreme court .
It is not yet known whether the court will agree to hear the petition .
The impending execution by firing squad has ignited a fierce debate within Utah about the death penalty in general and this method in particular .
Protesters will hold a prayer vigil outside Salt Lake City 's Catholic cathedral and at the time of the execution on the steps of Utah 's state capitol building .
Campaigners hope that the possibility of a firing squad being used will provoke revulsion in the American public and encourage states to speed up the pace of reform .
Some 15 states have already dropped the death penalty and a further 12 are looking at it again .
The most notorious death by firing squad was that of Gilmore , who chose to be executed , refusing to make any legal attempt to prevent it , and also chose that method of dying .
He had committed two murders in Utah .
The story of his life and death was told in novel form by Norman Mailer in The Executioner 's Song , published two years after the execution .
Gilmore was strapped to a chair , and the five executioners were hidden in front of him by a curtain which had holes cut out of it for their rifle barrels .
Before they pulled the triggers , Gilmore famously exclaimed : " Let 's do it ! "
• This article was amended on 17 June 2010 .
In the original we refered to Norman Mailer 's novel as The Execution Song .
This has now been corrected .
Remote - controlled war .
If the concept does n’t scare the living daylights out of you , we do n’t know what will .
A recent report compiled by former White House Homeland Security advisor Paul Kurtz details an unfolding “ Cyber Cold War ” in which countries like the United States , Russia , China and Israel are preparing for cyber offensives by amassing cyber weapons and conducting espionage — all in preparation to use the Internet for war .
The report titled “ Virtually Here : The Age of Cyber Warfare ” says that although we have n’t seen a ‘ hot ’ cyber war between major powers , there is evidence that nation - states are beefing up their cyberattack capabilities .
The steady rise in computational power and global connectivity , along with accelerating technologies like artificial intelligence , magnify the threat of a catastrophic cyber event .
But what ’s even more alarming is what this could mean for the future of cyber terrorism .
Make sure to check out the video below .
Hackers and criminals can do enough harm to foreign or domestic networks on their own , but when backed by nation states , the resources and potential of these mercenaries increase significantly .
Millions flock to the World Wide Web for their share of real - time information via Twitter and other social media platforms .
But in the blink of an eye , a multitude of connections could be pulled under by a single act of cyber terrorism , as we saw during the 2009 denial - of - service attack when Twitter , Google and other platforms were temporarily taken out by Georgian political activists .
The world felt virtual aftershocks for days .
But the effects of cyber terrorism are n’t confined to virtual space .
Whole communications infrastructures , like air traffic control operations at airports , are vulnerable to attack .
One wrong signal or communications blackout could mean a great number of casualties .
What ’s more is that cyber criminals can exploit weaknesses in networks , transforming personal computers into virtual Trojan armies .
Cultivating botnets of computers worldwide can wreak havoc on networks by proliferating spam or harmful viruses .
It can also flood those networks with false traffic — like what happens during a denial - of - service attack — in order to cripple portions of the global network , in effect using the most constructive attributes of connectivity for insidious purposes .
But familiar scenarios like these raise little concern compared with those we have n’t yet faced .
Fifty years following the Internet ’s conception , the most powerful governments can theoretically take out the power , water , communications , and information infrastructures of their adversaries without ever launching a single missile .
And while advancements in artificial intelligence and robotics make it easier than ever to imagine wars without people , cyber warfare remains particularly disturbing because it lives entirely in virtual space .
Because of the virtual nature of cyber warfare , it ’s tough to track the origin of attacks and tougher still to track who is giving those orders .
Nations like China and Russia are notorious for cyber crime — it ’s easier to employ a mercenary to conduct your cyber espionage for you than to risk ruffling the feathers of another superpower .
To compound the complexity , virtual space has always been much harder to regulate , and creating a legal framework for virtual activities is a challenge .
How can governments survey — much less control — the mobilizing of cyber forces abroad ?
How can they effectively counter cyber espionage ?
United States networks are targeted by foreign cyber attacks millions of times each day ; to counter this , the current administration allocated more than 350 million dollars last year to secure the nation ’s infrastructure and beef up intelligence around cyber activities .
The U.S. has , in fact , added “ cyber ” as its own domain of military options , now joining land , sea and air .
And while cyber threats are more than real , the nebulous nature of how and from where these attacks originate makes for an unstable situation between nation states .
The AlJazeera video below gives a great overview :
Before we get too anxious , there is one conceivable failsafe .
McAfee , the company that released the cyber warfare report , says that what might very well keep this war from escalating is the growing state of global interconnectedness ; the same network that makes this war possible can also deter it .
It ’s a similar dynamic we ’ve seen with the proliferation of nuclear arms — no government in their right mind would want to unleash the catastrophic effects of nuclear fallout on a global scale .
But this rationale is predictable only when it comes to nation - states .
There is still the matter of nations employing untraceable mercenaries to do their dirty work .
There is also the question of how corporations might use cyber warfare to further profits and protect fortunes .
Power in the hands of an unregulated ( and largely invisible ) few raises the stakes .
Regulating online activities could mean a greater loss of privacy for web users in years to come .
This could redefine consumer trust and what it means to be protected by one ’s government .
New laws will dictate how the Internet is used across the board .
But at least we ’ll be safe , right ?
Because the way we conduct our conflicts reflects current states of society , terrorism will no doubt follow the trend of traditional warfare in seeking out new virtual battlefields .
It ’s a bit disconcerting to think of what a nameless hacker somewhere on the other side of the globe is capable of doing to us while we sleep .
And that those orders could be anonymously coming from a government that does n’t like us very much .
Cyber warfare not only represents a new consequence for failed politics , but its informational nature suggests it may be more widely used by corporations and terrorists in years to come .
The implications are far - reaching , the possibilities endless .
Like nuclear war before it , cyber warfare shows us , in frightening fashion , the horrifying nature of our destructive potential .
But unlike nuclear war , cyber warfare offensives can be committed by a single person with a computer anywhere in the world .
This reality calls for radically different solutions .
We will no doubt see the threat of cyber warfare escalate as technology accelerates toward the singularity .
But the real question is how we will keep this growing menace in check , and what it will mean for the First Amendment and for communication in general .
[ Image credit : Shutterstock ]
[ Source : CNN , AlJazeera ]
Former Eagle / Giant Jeff Feagles called it a career Friday after 22 years of punting balls in the NFL .
The two - time Pro Bowler holds most of the NFL ’s punting records and never missed a game pooching in 352 straight regular season games for the Eagles , Giants , Seahawks and Patriots .
But his accomplishments on the field are n’t why many men in their late 20s and early 30s shed a tear .
They wo n't remember the 44 - year - old punter as much for his longevity but rather for how that longevity related to his appearance in an all - time great video game .
Feagles was the last remaining player featured in Tecmo Super Bowl -- the cult classic Nintendo game that was one of the first video games to feature both real players , real teams , real stats and real schedules when it was released in 1991 .
Basically TSB was the precursor to the Madden revolution .
Even though hardcore TSBers never use the punter -- why would they when they can chuck a pass 95 yards ( in the air ) -- Feagles was the last remaining link to the non-realistic 8 - bit fun of Tecmo .
Feagles signed a contract earlier this month to play another season with the G - Men , but he changed his mind in the past week or so after experiencing some physical problems while getting ready for next season .
At least in Tecmo Feagles will always be young .
With Feagles putting the punting leg on ice , Tecmo Super Bowlers from coast to coast are now playing a completely obsolete game .
Tecmo greats like Joe Montana , John Elway , Warren Moon , Bo Jackson , Barry Sanders , Andre Rison and Mike Singletary hung up their cleats a long time ago but Feagles was still kicking .
No more .
It was a close call though for Feagles as TSBers Junior Seau and John Carney both played last season but Feagles was the only one signed for next season .
So here is a look back at the great Feagles , who many casual football fans might have thought was a joke name considering he played for the Eagles in TSB .
Feagles ’ TSB teammates included Hall of Famer Reggie White , deceased stars like Jerome Brown and Andre Waters and even current sportscasters like Mike Golic and Eric Allen .
Feagles played for so long that NBCPhiladelphia ’s own Vai Sikahema even played with him in early 90s .
So , here ’s to you Mr. Feagles -- thanks for letting all us aging , balding , graying men have hold onto that one last link to one our fondest childhood games for as long as possible .
You will be missed .
• Victims found with up to six gunshot wounds • Israel ' about to lose a friend ' warns Turkey 's US envoy
The autopsy results released today by the Turkish authorities after the Israeli attack on the Gaza flotilla reveal in chilling detail the intensity of the military force unleashed on the multinational convoy .
Each of the nine victims on the Mavi Marmara in international waters off the coast of Israel in the early hours of Monday morning was shot at least once and some five or six times with 9 mm rounds .
The results also reveal how close the fighting was .
Dr Haluk Ince , chair of Turkey 's council of forensic medicine ( ATK ) , said : " Approximately 20 cm away was the closest .
In only one case was there only one entrance wound .
The other eight have multiple entrance wounds .
[ The man killed by a single shot ] was shot just in the middle of the forehead with a distant shot . "
The details emerged as Turkey warned that it may reconsider its diplomatic ties with Israel unless it receives an apology .
The deputy prime minister , Bulent Arinc , warned : " We may plan to reduce our relations with Israel to a minimum . "
Namid Tan , the ambassador to Washington , warned that Israel was " about to lose [ a ] friend " .
He repeated calls for an independent investigation of the raid and end its blockade against Gaza .
Asked if Turkey might break off relations , he said : " We do n't want this to go to that point . "
But he added : " The government might be forced to take such an action . "
Speaking at the funeral of the youngest activist , prime minister Tayyip Erdogan accused Israel of betraying its religion .
" You killed 19 - year - old Furkan Dogan brutally .
Which faith , which holy book can be an excuse for killing him ? " he asked .
According to the scientists at the ATK , Dogan , who held US and Turkish citizenship was shot five times – from close range in the right side of his nose , in the back of the head , in the back and twice in the left leg .
The oldest victim was 60 - year - old Ibrahim Bilgen , a Turkish politician , engineer and activist who was married with six children .
He had been shot once in the right temple , once in the right side of his chest , once in the back and once in the hip .
Cetin Topcuotlu , a 54 - year old former Taekwondo champion who worked as a coach for the Turkish national team , was shot three times – once in the back of his head , once in his hip and once in his belly .
His wife , Cigden , who was with him on the Mavi Marmara said at his funeral on Thursday she would take part in further flotillas to Gaza with her son .
The detail of the wounds came as yet more survivors returned to the UK and gave their account of the attacks .
In a hastily arranged press conference in central Londonshortly after his Turkish airlines plane touched down at Heathrow , Ismail Patel , the 47 - year - old chairman of the Friends of al - Aqsa , condemned what he called " the cold - blooded murder and killing of our colleagues " .
He said : " These deaths were avoidable and I lay the blame squarely with the Israelis . "
Israel has previously said its troops had been left with no choice after they came under attack from activists armed with knives and iron bars when they were dropped by helicopter on to the ship .
Patel claimed that as soon as the Israeli Defence Force helicopter appeared above the Mavi Marmara , " it started using immediately live ammunition " without any warning being issued .
After the first victim fell the white flag was raised , he said , but Israeli forces continued firing .
" I think the Israeli soldiers were shooting to kill because most of the people who died were shot in the top part of their bodies , " he said .
He believed that later victims were injured in their legs after a " tactical move " by the commandos to wound rather then kill .
Alex Harrison , a Free Gaza activist who was on the smaller Challenger yacht , which was crewed mainly by women , said the Israelis used rubber bullets , sound bombs and tasers against them .
" Two women were hooded , they had their eyes taped , " she said , describing how the yacht was quickly overwhelmed .
" We stood and tried to obstruct the armed , masked men and maintained no other defence and still they used violence . "
Harrison , 32 , from Islington , north London , also witnessed the Mavi Marmara being stormed from above by helicopter and said the Israelis started firing before their troops touched down on the boat .
" I have seen some selective footage that the Israelis have chosen to put out suggesting that we responded with violence , " she said .
" You must remember that these are unarmed civilians on their own boat in the middle of the Mediterranean .
People picked up what they could to defend themselves against armed , masked commandos who were shooting . "
The violence was " initiated by the Israelis on a massive scale , " she said , adding she was pleased her colleagues on the Rachel Corrie , an Irish vessel , were continuing to Gaza this weekend .
" I am thrilled they are going , " she said .
" They know exactly what risks they face .
They are doing what our government 's have n't and I thank them . "
Both Harrison and Patel criticised the British authorities for failing to provide sufficient consular assistance while the activists were detained in an Israeli prison in Beersheva .
Patel said he was not visited by anyone from the British mission and Harrison said the consul told her that Israeli officials had prevented him visiting captured Britons .
" I did see the British consul , " Harrison said .
" He told me that he had sitting outside the prison all day ... asking for access and not been given it .
I see that as an insult from Israel to the British , that they were denying the British consul the right that citizens have .
I also see it as a sign that the British do n't have the strength to stand up to Israel . "
Foreign Secretary William
Hague confirmed that a total of 34 of the activists on the aid flotilla were British , with all but two of them having been sent to Turkey by the Israeli authorities .
In Gaza City , the de facto Hamas prime minister , Ismail Haniyeh , told crowds of worshippers at Friday prayers that Israel 's blockade was in its final stages .
" Now not only Gazans speak of the blockade , but also the [ UN ] security council and the international community .
Everyone is demanding the siege be lifted . "
The nine victims
Cengiz Alquyz , 42
Four gunshot wounds : back of head , right side of face , back , left leg
Ibrahim Bilgen , 60
Four gunshot wounds : right chest , back , right hip , right temple
Cegdet Kiliclar , 38
One gunshot wound : middle of forehead
Furkan Dogan , 19
Five gunshot wounds : nose , back , back of head , left leg , left ankle
Sahri Yaldiz
Four gunshot wounds : left chest , left leg , right leg twice
Aliheyder Bengi , 39
Six gunshot wounds : left chest , belly , right arm , right leg , left hand twice
Cetin Topcuoglu , 54
Three gunshot wounds : back of head , left side , right belly
Cengiz Songur , 47
One gunshot wound : front of neck
Necdet Yildirim , 32
Two gunshot wounds : right shoulder , left back
Dennis Kucinich Introduces Legislation To Protect Consumers Against GMO's
Like us on Facebook :
The current article you are reading does not reflect the views of the current editors and contributors of the new Ecorazzi
Dennis Kucinich is on a mission !
The Ohio representative recently introduced three bills into congress that would protect consumers against genetically modified organisms ( GMOs ) .
Kucinich proposed the legislation shortly after the Supreme Court allowed the planting of an experimental genetically modified alfalfa seed without any environmental review .
In a statement , Dennis expressed his frustration about the ruling , saying :
“ Today the Supreme Court ruled that when it comes to genetically modified organisms , we as consumers , have to wait until the damage is done and obvious , before we can act to protect health and the environment , even if that damage could be irreversible . ”
If passed , Kucinich ’s bills would set stricter guidelines for companies using GMOs , including mandatory labeling of such products .
We ’re with Kucinich on this one .
Keep those gross GMOs away from us !
The Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement rolls on .
Negotiators have just wrapped up another round of talks this week in Lucerne , Switzerland , and more than two years into the ACTA process , have actually started to meet with civil society groups to talk about the actual ACTA draft text .
( Many governments have previously asked for comments on ACTA , but before releasing the full text . )
" On the first day of the negotiations , in the interest of transparency , the Swiss Government hosted meetings at which ACTA negotiators met with representatives of civil society who have expressed an interest in ACTA to exchange views , " says the official announcement .
We 've seen notes from this meeting , which did not appear to be especially constructive .
For instance , consider the following exchange , written up by American University 's Sean Flynn , who was at the meeting :
Q . How do you guarantee that policies required to benefit from liability safe harbor for Internet service / access providers wo n't have the effect to force them to restrict fundamental freedoms — such as freedom of expression and communication , privacy , and the right to a fair trial — turning them , via contractual policies , into private copyright police / justice ?
A. [ ACTA negotiator : ]
It is important to recall that ACTA parties have expressed concern about fundamental rights after Wellington .
We are aware of the importance of this matter and we have made clear ...
It is clear that ACTA parties are bound by human rights declarations and their own constitutions .
ACTA will obviously have to comply with those norms .
Q. ... but you think encouraging companies to take down expression is respecting rights ?
This is how you make enforcement comply with freedom of expression ?
A. [ French delegate : ]
You think in EU we live in a totalitarian state ?
Is France a dictatorship ?
Have you no rights in France ?
Q. That is not my question .
A. I am telling you it will comply with EU law .
Are you saying EU does not comply with fundamental freedoms ?
Q. It is companies that collect the information .
You are encouraging the companies to use that information in ways that , if done by the state , would violate fundamental privacy protections .
Is that promoting fundamental rights ?
A. [ French delegate : ]
Is France a totalitarian state ?
Is it ?
Q. No , that is not what I am saying .
OK , fine .
You have addressed the issue .
Let 's move on .
Stung by years of criticism over the lack of transparency and ACTA 's clear emphasis on enforcement ( without much interest in limits and exceptions ) , the negotiators stress that " ACTA is not intended to include new intellectual property rights or to enlarge or diminish existing intellectual property rights .
ACTA will not interfere with a signatory ’s ability to respect fundamental rights and liberties . "
" ACTA will not oblige border authorities to search travelers ' baggage or their personal electronic devices for infringing materials . "
ACTA 's negotiations next come to the US , in what is meant as one of the final rounds on the agreement .
The goal is to wrap ACTA up in 2010 .
I am an atheist .
I imagine that the typical Cif belief reader may not think this is a particularly big deal , but it is for me , because I 'm not just an atheist – I 'm an apostate from Islam .
Apparently there are people who would happily kill me for making such a statement .
But I 'm not expecting to be killed , or even threatened ; despite what the BNP and certain elements of the press might want you to think , the overwhelming majority of Muslims are not rabid fundamentalists who respond with violence to every perceived slight .
It 's not easy " coming out " like this .
Yes , this is a term that is usually applied to people declaring their homosexuality , but there are parallels which justify its use in this context – especially if you come from the kind of background I have .
I grew up on a council housing estate in the Elephant and Castle , an area of London notorious for crime and poverty .
My family was one of a large wave of Bangladeshi families who emigrated to the UK in the early 1970s .
It was a horrid time to be a young Bangladeshi in Britain – a time when pubs displayed signs saying " no Blacks , no Irish , no dogs " , and violent racism was rife .
We got used to the shouts of " go back home you dirty pakis " , and lived in fear of physical abuse ranging from being spat at to being beaten up on the street .
In these circumstances , it 's not surprising that the Bangladeshi community was a close - knit and insular one .
It was not only our shared experiences as immigrants that unified us , but also our shared religion .
Islam was the religion that defined many of my cultural experiences as I was growing up and it is the religion of all those " aunts " and " uncles " who will be so disappointed if they ever read this .
For many of the people I grew up with , being a Bangladeshi is inseparable from being a Muslim .
The same is true of many of the Bangladeshi students I teach , as evidenced by a conversation I seem to have at least once a year with new students :
Bangladeshi Student ( clearly excited and a little proud at encountering their first Bangladeshi teacher ) : " Are you from Bangladesh , sir ? "
Me : " Yes . "
Student : " You must be a Muslim then . "
Me : " No , I 'm an atheist . "
Student ( now a little bewildered and visibly disappointed ) : " But you 're from Bangladesh , you must be a Muslim . "
I tell my students the truth , but I have n't been so straight with the other Muslims in my life .
This is an attempt to fix that .
However , this is no dramatic renouncement of Islam , no attack on Islam of the sort the that some people seem to get such a hard - on for .
I 'm just someone whose education and life experiences have brought me to the conclusion that there probably is n't a god and that I can live a perfectly happy , moral life without practicing any form of religion .
Just as people who are gay do n't have a choice about it , I do n't think I have a choice about being an atheist – I suspect I am somehow predisposed to be a non-believer and am grateful that I 've been fortunate enough to live in a country where I can openly express that non-belief .
Once these words are published , there 's no turning back for me , there 's no more pretending or avoiding the issue with friends and family – some of whom will be hurt and feel insulted by what I write here , some will be disappointed and genuinely concerned that I am sabotaging the future of my eternal soul , and a few will be outraged and disgusted at the thought of having anything to do with an infidel , a kafir .
But my oldest , closest friends , the boys I went to primary school with , the boys I still hang out with pretty much every Friday night , the boys I consider brothers , already know I 'm an atheist , just as they 'd probably have known if I was gay .
It 's not for them I 've written this piece , it 's not for my " uncles " or " aunts " either – in many ways I 'd rather they did n't read it .
I 'd like to say that I 've written this as a call to action , to encourage others like me to come out as atheists .
But that would be far too grand an ambition .
No , the truth is that I 've written this for the same reason so many of us tweet or blog these days : to confirm to myself , and to let others know , that we are not alone .
WHEATLAND , N.Y. —
Police say four teenagers trying to hold their breath for the time it takes to drive through an upstate New York hamlet were hurt when the driver fainted .
Authorities say three 19 - year - old men and a 16 - year - old boy were traveling together late Monday night when they decided to try to hold their breath while riding through Garbutt , a rural Rochester - area hamlet that ’s just three - tenths of a mile long .
Monroe County sheriff ’s deputies say 19 - year - old Bryan Parslow of Caledonia fainted while driving and his car hit a boulder .
All four teens were treated at a hospital and released .
Parslow was ticketed for failing to stay in his lane .
He ’s a paraplegic who was paralyzed in 2008 after falling out of a window in Brockport while attending college .
View Transcript
Transcript
The Boss says , " Whenever my browswer asks me if I want to install a toolbar , I 'm afraid to say no . "
The Boss says , " Now my browser window is only one inch tall . "
The Boss says , " If you see anything important on the Internet , could you write it down for me ? "
Fabio Capello moved to reassert complete control over the England set - up last night after successfully deflecting a proposed challenge to his authority by disgruntled players at a scheduled team meeting .
The former captain John Terry suggested the time had come for the players to speak their mind after a stuttering start to the side 's World Cup campaign but ended up in danger of being left isolated within the England camp after senior team - mates reacted with dismay to him going public with their desire for a clear - the - air meeting with the manager .
Terry was eventually persuaded against speaking at the meeting by a member of Capello 's coaching staff and with no guarantee that other players would fall in line behind him , even though they had agreed in principle with the need to air their opinions .
The manager nevertheless made some nominal concessions to appease his squad .
There were suggestions last night those could include abandoning his controversial policy of informing the players of his line - up only two hours before kick - off , though that would represent a radical change of policy .
Capello also expressed a willingness to enter into more dialogue with his squad but , while player power appears to have been largely nullified , Terry 's earlier comments had served to expose the tension within the England set - up .
Frustration has mounted after successive draws left them needing to beat Slovenia on Wednesday to avoid elimination at the group stage of the World Cup for the first time since 1958 .
The 29 - year - old had faced the media yesterday " on behalf of the team " and suggested he would head a group of players in expressing their concerns to the manager in the evening 's get - together at the side 's hotel at Royal Bafokeng .
" The players can say how they feel and , if it upsets him , then I 'm on the verge of just saying : ' You know what ?
So what ? ' " said Terry .
" If we can't be honest with each other , then there 's no point us being here . "
The centre - half made no mention of David Beckham , whose role at present is that of a liaison between players and management , but had named a group that included the current captain , Steven Gerrard , Frank Lampard and Wayne Rooney , who had all stayed up in the wake of Friday 's dismal draw with Algeria to discuss the team 's shortcomings and their frustrations with the World Cup campaign to date .
The players had been keen to let Capello know their grievances but an uneasiness surfaced within the squad that Terry 's outburst had gone too far .
The defender had clearly felt he had a mandate to speak for the squad at the time .
There had been murmurings of discontent from some within the set - up at a perceived lack of preparatory work – most notably a lack of planning on how to break down Algeria 's three - man defence – and a desire to switch to a 4 - 5 - 1 formation that would include the as yet unused substitute , Joe Cole .
There was dissatisfaction , too , in the manner in which the staff dealt with the goalkeeping situation after Rob Green 's error against the USA , with matters not helped by the team being closeted away in their training camp for long periods .
The build - up of tension appeared to be showing on the pitch , with Rooney reacting furiously to the chorus of boos that greeted the goalless stalemate at Green Point stadium on Friday .
Terry had hoped a meeting would have a similar effect to that in 1990 when a delegation of senior players including Bryan Robson , Gary Lineker and Peter Shilton had urged Bobby Robson to switch from 4 - 4 - 2 to 3 - 5 - 2 after the opening draw against the Republic of Ireland .
" We owe it to ourselves and to everyone in the country that , if we feel there 's a problem , there 's no point in keeping it in , " Terry had said .
" If I say something tonight , and I probably will and a few others will , then I 'm doing the best for England .
" With previous managers , I 've stood up and others have done the same .
It 's not one of those things where the manager calls the shots and that 's it .
People have got this picture of him where you can't say stuff in meetings .
We have a responsibility to ourselves , to the manager and everyone else to voice an opinion and hope he takes it on board . "
Capello himself has appeared at a loss as to why a team that breezed impressively through qualification are now struggling to impose their quality at the finals proper .
The England manager has already had to field questions over his future should the team fail to progress out of the group , with the Football Association moving to reaffirm its support last night in the wake of suggestions that the manager may consider resigning should Slovenia not be beaten on Wednesday .
Asked whether he felt the side 's current travails made the last two years of hard work count for nothing , the Italian replied : " Yes , it does .
I do n't know why or how the players have arrived at this point .
The training is good , so I can't understand why they do n't transfer that form on to the pitch .
It is simply the fear that stops the legs , that stops the mind , that stops everything .
I 'm not criticising them for that .
I know the problem , it happens sometimes in important matches , this pressure .
This is a big challenge , and a big pressure for me and the team . "
Terry had rejected Capello 's notion that the side was gripped by anxiety .
" That 's a little bit insulting , because we are not , " he said .
Yet he admitted they had needed to relax in the wake of Friday 's draw .
" I do n't want to say it was me but I went to see [ the general manager ]
Franco Baldini after the game and said : ' Look , let everyone have a beer and speak to the manager .
Flippin ' hell , let 's just switch off . '
" We did .
The manager was sitting there with a bottle of red wine and his staff .
It was more relaxed from him and us .
For the first time since the manager has taken over we sat there and he let us have a beer .
Seven or eight players sat there talking about the game .
It was good to get things off our chest and express how we felt .
The discussions between the players will stay private , but it was really nice to unwind .
That togetherness has been missing maybe at times .. "
The suggestion of a weight of support behind Cole within the squad was fuelled by Terry 's assertion that " only he and Wayne can open up defences " in the current set - up , though Capello has made it clear he will not concede ground to player power .
" It 's the manager 's decision , " added Terry .
" Listen , Joe is one of the best players in our country .
He has come back from an injury and showed great form for Chelsea .
It still amazes me how the club have come to the conclusion of letting Joe go .
That is another story but he can surely do things whether he starts or comes on for England . "
One of my favorite writers is Ian Rogers , who blogs about his health at Fistfulayen .
In one of his best posts , he writes about his use of the L.L.
Cool J workout , which eventually turns into an astute point that virtually every “ healthy diet ” book focuses on the same handful of seemingly simple principles .
He identifies six :
1 . Eat five or six times a day
2. Limit your consumption of sugars and processed foods
3 . Eat fruits and vegetables throughout the day
4 . Drink more water and cut out calorie - containing beverages ( beer , soda , and so forth )
5 . Focus on consuming more lean proteins throughout the day
6 . Save starch - containing foods until after a workout or for breakfast
… but then he notes they ’re not as simple as they seem :
Pretty straight - forward , no magic , no surprises , but I had to completely change my diet around to get there .
The steps seem easy enough , but in order to achieve those simple steps , he had to alter his entire pattern of food and beverage consumption – and the cultural and social patterns that went with it .
In other words , a simple change that can be described in one simple phrase often has a huge amount of change underlying it .
In order to , say , cut out calorie - containing beverages , a person may have to break a caffeine addiction , break an alcohol addiction , change their social lives in order to break free from such addictions , and significantly alter their daily routine so as to not fall back on such addictions .
That ’s a challenge , any way you paint it .
The intensity of that challenge , which ends up actually being a large handful of changes all at once , can easily overwhelm someone , even if their intent is wholly in the right place .
Let ’s use a personal finance example .
Cindy , a reader who emails me fairly regularly , recently wrote in to me lamenting her difficulty in implementing what seemed like a simple personal finance goal .
I will limit entertainment spending to $ 100 a month .
Within entertainment , she included her cable bill , the costs of going out with friends , and money spent on purely fun things .
It seems like a very straightforward goal , but in Cindy ’s own words , it ’s harder than it seems .
In order to make that goal , I cancelled my cable and used some of the money from my first month to buy one of those digital converter boxes for my old TV .
This disrupted three of my weeknights , as I ’m now missing out on shows I watched faithfully .
I ’ve started skipping every other “ girl ’s night out , ” which has been really hard .
I do n’t go clothes shopping any more either .
I now spend a lot more time online than I used to and I feel a lot more moody and kind of sad , too .
I keep finding myself cheating on that $ 100 limit too by buying stuff online .
Cindy ’s not just trying one new routine in her life .
She ’s breaking a big pile of them and trying to establish some new ones at the same time .
She ’s breaking the “ girl ’s night out ” pattern .
She ’s breaking her television watching pattern , which is a several - night - a - week pattern .
She ’s breaking her clothes shopping pattern .
She seems to be flailing with this free time and is somewhat settling on a new pattern of more online usage .
She ’s also seemingly adopting a new social pattern with her circle of friends , one that she ’s not quite as happy with .
That ’s a lot of change , any way you slice it .
I ’ve found that , time and time again , when you take on a ton of changes in your life all at once , it ’s very hard and there ’s a huge tendency to backslide .
Yes , some stubborn people can make it through a lot of changes at once , but most of us ca n’t – it ’s very , very difficult .
So , what ’s the solution ?
The solution is to take stock of all of the real changes going on in your life and choose just one or two of them to focus on .
Instead of sticking so fiercely to the simple “ $ 100 a month ” strategy , Cindy might want to simply live without cable for a while without altering her other routines in life .
Yes , I ’m advocating that she go back to “ girl ’s night out ” every week .
Why do this ?
Her one change – cutting the cable – will save her money .
But it ’s a pretty significant alteration to her routine , one that she has to get used to and one where she ’s going to need to find replacement activities that she ’s comfortable with .
That alone is a major change to deal with and she should give it time until that change is routine and normal .
Give it a month , Cindy , until coming home to a house without cable television feels normal .
Find other things to do on those evenings where you might have watched some cable program .
Try out a new community group .
Visit the library and pick up a book or two .
Invite the ladies over for a “ girl ’s poker night . ”
Find things that you really enjoy that do n’t cost money to replace the gaps that cable has left in your life .
Once it ’s all established and you ’ve found a new normal , you ’re sitting on a new normal with $ 50 less spent each month .
Now , move onto another piece of the puzzle .
Maybe the next thing to try is giving up clothes shopping – or at least altering it by hitting consignment shops and secondhand shops instead .
Dive into that change – this one will probably be easier .
Sometimes , you ’ll find a smaller change that is really hard to break because the activity you ’re modifying brings you a lot of personal joy .
Guess what ?
You should n’t break it .
Likely , that thing is something that ’s a big part of one of your true core values in life , and those are the things we work to preserve in life .
Instead , move on and look for other ways to save and to change .
The moral of the story is simple : if a change is just too big for you to swallow all at once , break it down into smaller changes and work through those changes one at a time .
If you ’re finding it difficult to meet a spending goal , look at all of the different things you ’re spending money on and focus on the areas you can cut , one at a time .
If you ’re finding it difficult to meet a diet goal , focus on one specific dietary change until it seems normal , then move on to another one .
If you ’re finding it difficult to meet a personal growth goal , tackle a specific element of that growth ( or focus on finding the space you need to tackle it ) .
It ’s just like my two year old daughter with a bowl full of grapes .
If you try to stuff too many things in your mouth at once , it becomes difficult to chew them and digest them .
You ’re far better off with one grape at a time .
Add / view comments on this post .
------------------------------
The Christian Science Monitor has assembled a diverse group of the best economy - related bloggers out there .
Our guest bloggers are not employed or directed by the Monitor and the views expressed are the bloggers ' own , as is responsibility for the content of their blogs .
To contact us about a blogger , click here .
To add or view a comment on a guest blog , please go to the blogger 's own site by clicking on the link above .
FamiliesUSA , a noted advocacy organization , has come out with their own report on how the COBRA subsidy cuts would have the perverse effectof forcing millions of unemployed Americans to go without health insurance coverage .
Here are the highlights of their report below :
Family premiums for COBRA coverage average $ 387 a month nationally with the help of the ARRA subsidy .
Without the subsidy , they will skyrocket to an average of $ 1,107 a month for unemployed families .
The national average amount of the ARRA subsidy for family COBRA coverage is $ 719 a month .
Without the subsidy , unemployed workers nationally will have to spend , on average , 84.3 percent of their monthly unemployment insurance checks on COBRA premiums to keep their families covered .
The average monthly cost of family COBRA coverage without a subsidy exceeds the average monthly unemployment income in 11 states : Alabama , Alaska , Arizona , Delaware , Florida , Louisiana , Mississippi , New Hampshire , South Carolina , Tennessee , and West Virginia .
Read that last part again -- the average monthly cost of family COBRA insurance exceeds the average monthly unemployment income in these eleven states without the subsidy !
Here are the stories from unemployed American families about how much the COBRA subsidies have helped them out , and how worried they are about affording health insurance without these subsidies :
Dozens of people currently benefiting from the subsidy wrote to CNNMoney.com in recent days to say how crucial it is .
Without the extra help , they said they could not afford to pay for their coverage and their treatments for diabetes , cancer , high blood pressure and other ailments .
" I 'm unemployed .
I do n't have money to pay for medical bills , " said Stephanie Kohnke , a St. Paul , Minn .
resident who lost her job in May and is waiting to be approved for the subsidy .
" This is the worst time to lose that safety net . "
Ann Bates is thankful that she has the COBRA subsidy that brings her monthly premium down to $ 181 a month .
Without it , she 'd have to pay more than $ 500 a month for coverage , a price she could n't afford since she only collects $ 1,450 in unemployment benefits .
A Cedar Rapids , Iowa resident who lost her office manager job in February , Bates said she must have health insurance or she could n't afford the insulin she takes for her diabetes .
With insurance , it costs her $ 75 a month but without it , the price zooms to more than $ 300 .
And that does n't include the cost of syringes and test strips .
And these unemployed Americans are facing the loss of their COBRA subsidies because of the budget deficit hawks in Congress , squawking about how important it is to cut the deficit in a time of recession .
They 'd rather slash social programs that actually help people , rather than deal with actually asking the wealthy to pitch in via higher taxes , and they love to talk about how everyone has to pitch in to cut the deficit , while crossing their fingers behind their backs to exempt the wealthy from this .
It 's now a pattern of asking the middle class and the lower class to pitch in by cutting and slashing social programs designed to benefit them , and to keep them from falling through the cracks , while these Members of Congress fight against proposed tax increases for the wealthy and working to make sure that Wall Street continues its same pattern of unchecked excesses .
These Members of Congress would rather stand with the wealthy rather than with the middle class , and especially with the unemployed and their families .
After all , these unemployed Americans just have to ' tighten ' their belts even more and pull themselves up by their bootstraps .
This is your chance now to tell the Senate what you think about their misplaced priorities , and tell them to stand up for millions of unemployed Americans and their families by restoring their COBRA subsidies .
Or else , these families will be forced to go without insurance .
Will you also please donate $ 5 , $ 10 , or $ 20 to help us whip the Senate into restoring COBRA subsidies for unemployed Americans and their families ?
This my favorite e.e. cummings poem .
Though it ’s been a friend for over 40 years now , it still makes my heart soar , “ which is natural which is infinite which is yes ! ”
( If you are curious as to why a “ Buddhst ” blog would have posts with references to God in them , you might want to take a look at an earlier post , True God , True Buddha to get a glimpse of where I ’m coming from . )
I Thank You e. e. cummings I thank You God for most this amazing
day : for the leaping greenly spirits of trees
and a blue true dream of sky ; and for everything
which is natural which is infinite which is yes ( i who died am alive again today ,
and this is the sun ’s birthday ; this is the birth
day of life and of love and wings : and of the gay
great happening illimitably earth ) how should tasting touching hearing seeing
breathing any — lifted from the no
of all nothing — human merely being
doubt unimaginable You ?
( now the ears of my ears awake and
now the eyes of my eyes are opened ) ♥♥♥
And here , for your enjoyment , is some complementary music by amazing guitar virtuoso Muriel Anderson .
She is playing a transcription of François Couperin ’s “ The Mysterious Barricades ” on her album Heartstrings : https://mettarefuge.files.wordpress.com/2010/06/muriel-anderson-the-mysterious-barricades.mp3
Buy it at iTunes :
http://itunes.apple.com/us/album/the-mysterious-barricades/id18183172?i=18183148
♡♡♡
37.871593 -122.272747
IRVINE – UC Irvine ’s Muslim Student Union members say a year - long suspension came as a shock and that the university ’s action would deny Muslim students a sense of community , according to a statement released Monday afternoon .
“ Suspending the MSU would undoubtedly create a chilling effect and deprive Muslim students — both current and incoming — of a place where they can develop a sense of community with one another and with the broader UCI campus community , ” said incoming MSU President Asaad Traina .
“ Depriving Muslim students a venue to associate jeopardizes their rights under the First Amendment and is an act of marginalization at a time when Muslim students and Muslim youth already feel besieged . ”
Campus officials at UCI have banned the Muslim Student Union for one year and placed the organization on disciplinary probation for an additional year , according to the Jewish Federation Monday morning .
Federation officials say they obtained documents from the university through the Freedom of Information Act , which show that the Muslim Student Union has been suspended on campus effective Sept.
1 .
MSU members said contrary to the federation ’s statements , the student group has not been officially suspended .
To read the decision letter , click here ( PDF ) .
The suspension is the result of a months - long internal review by the university following the arrest of 11 union students during Israeli Ambassador Michael Oren ’s speech on campus .
Oren was repeatedly interrupted by the union members .
Click here to see a raw video of the incident .
The group has appealed the decision , according to Husam Ayloush , executive director of the Council on American - Islamic Relations .
Members also denies that the Oren disruptions were an officially sanctioned MSU activity and that the students acted on their own .
Their attorney , Reem Salahi , said based on her understanding of the university ’s policies and procedures , what has been issued is not a “ ban , ” but only a recommendation .
The student group is waiting to meet with university officials .
“ That said , I do n’t agree with their actions at all , ” she said .
“ This is nothing but collective punishment .
All Muslim students on campus have been punished for the actions of a few . ”
So far , UCI has not released any information about this ban and does not plan on doing so , said Cathy Lawhon , director of media relations .
“ I do not have personal knowledge of this , as the process and the actions against the students and the group were privileged , ” she said .
“ We value the privacy of our students and the process .
This is a private and privileged process , and we will honor that process . ”
Although other individuals and groups might discuss this issue , the university will not , Lawhon said .
A May 27 letter sent to the Muslim Student Union by Lisa Cornish , senior executive director of Student Housing , which was also copied to Dean of Students Rameen Talesh , details the violations that were believed to have been committed by the union and the disciplinary action taken against them .
This document was obtained and provided to The Orange County Register by the Jewish Federation .
Cornish ’s letter says the university ’s decision to suspend the union was based on Google Group e-mails , personal observations by university officials including the police chief , observations by other students and “ the fact that all of the disruptors retained the same attorney to represent them in the student conduct process . ”
Cornish ’s letter talks about how the Muslim Student Union held a meeting Feb. 3 prior to the ambassador ’s visit and methodically discussed how to disrupt the event .
The students talked about sending “ the speaker a message – our goal should be that he knows that he ca n’t just go to a campus and say whatever he wants ” and “ pushing the envelope . ”
They even voted on one method of action and said , “ We all go through with this together insha Allah ta ’ala , together as one MSU . ”
Cornish ’s letter states that the students planned every detail of the disruption including scripting statements .
The letter also goes into detail about what each one of the disruptors yelled out during Oren ’s speech .
Cornish says in the letter that she has concluded based on her review that the Muslim Student Union and each of its authorized signers violated several university policies including “ disorderly and lewd conduct , participation in a disturbance of peace or unlawful assembly , obstruction or disruption of teaching , research , administration , disciplinary procedures or other University activities and other forms of dishonesty including … fabricating information , furnishing false information , or reporting a false emergency to the University . ”
The letter orders the Muslim student union to cease operations from Sept. 1 , a suspension that will be active until Aug. 31 , 2011 .
After that date , the group will be placed on “ disciplinary probation ” for one more year .
Any misconduct during that period could result in further action against the group or its members , Cornish ’s letter states .
Also , group members must collectively complete 50 hours of community service , which also needs to be approved by the university .
Ayloush said he is disappointed by The Jewish Federation ’s decision to release information that was meant to be confidential .
“ I ’m puzzled at their attempt to score political points at the expense of the privacy of the students and the process that is internal to UCI , ” he said .
To watch a YouTube video featuring a statement by Jewish Federation President and CEO Shalom Elcott , click here .
Ayloush called the university ’s actions “ unprecedented , heavy - handed and draconian . ”
“ It appears to be politically motivated to silence any future peaceful and legitimate criticism of Israel ’s brutal practices , ” he said .
“ This was nothing but a peaceful and symbolic protest of the Israeli Ambassador at UCI .
It was a reflection of a growing worldwide campaign by human rights activists to end the Israeli occupation of Palestine and their racism toward the Palestinian people . ”
The Muslim students did not engage in fraudulent , immoral or criminal behavior , Ayloush said .
Shalom Elcott , president and CEO of the Jewish Federation Orange County , said he commends the university ’s decision to follow through on this issue .
“ The university ’s disciplinary action regarding the MSU establishes an important and appropriate precedent and sends a powerful message to other universities across the nation . ”
Elcott said the federation along with other campus and local Jewish organizations have worked with the university to resolve this issue .
Jeff Margolis , co-chairman of the federation ’s Rose Council , said the university ’s actions show that it has “ taken seriously the on-campus actions of the Muslim Student Union and its serial disregard for university policies and civil discourse . ”
Contact the writer : 714-796-7956 or epak@ocregister.com
Image caption Hayabusa 's sample canister contains dust particles
A canister recovered from the first spacecraft to land on an asteroid and return to Earth , contains dust particles , say Japanese scientists .
Japan 's space agency ( Jaxa ) began to open the Hayabusa craft 's sample container on 24 June .
It has now revealed images of tiny dust particles inside the container .
Whether the particles are from the near - Earth asteroid , Itokawa , or from Earth is still unknown .
Jaxa released two photographs of the inside of the Hayabusa sample container .
Image caption Researchers hope the minute particles are from the asteroid
The first , taken on 28 June , shows clearly visible grey and white particles .
The second photograph , taken on 29 June , shows a magnified view of a minute particle being picked up by a quartz manipulator , which appears as a stripe on the image .
The researchers hope this microscopic dust could have come from the asteroid .
But it is likely to take several weeks of analysis to reach any firm conclusion about its source .
Technical problems
This is the latest instalment in a seven - year adventure , which saw Hayabusa visit Itokawa in 2005 and attempt to pluck dust from its surface before returning home .
The $ 200 m mission encountered many technical problems , from being hit by a solar flare to experiencing propulsion glitches .
But the Japanese project team kept the craft alive and successfully returned it to Earth - albeit three years late .
Professor Trevor Ireland , associate director for Earth chemistry at The Australian National University in Canberra said that there was " a good prospect of isolating asteroid grains " .
" It 's very encouraging that the chamber does not look contaminated and ...
I 'm certainly looking forward to all that these grains can tell us about asteroid Itokawa . "
Analysis has shown the Hayabusa spacecraft 's capture mechanism malfunctioned at the moment it was supposed to pick up the asteroid rock fragments .
But Jaxa officials are still confident of success .
They say a lot of dust would have been kicked up when Hayabusa landed on the space rock to make the grab , and some of this material must have found its way inside the probe .
My father brought back from England an extraordinary collection of books .
He came to London [ from Nigeria ] to train as a lawyer and my mother brought me ( aged one - and - a - half ) a year later and we stayed for about six years .
His plan was that back in Nigeria he would have time to read all these books : the classics — Homer , Tolstoy , Dostoevsky — and the great books on economics and philosophy .
But he got carried away with being a successful young lawyer and did n't get round to reading them .
They gathered dust , and every now and then he'd say to me , “ Ben , dust the books — but do n't read them ! ”
That made the books fantastically attractive .
I do n't know if he did it on purpose .
I would n't put it past him .
I would sit on the floor cross-legged dusting a Dickens or Shakespeare , then I 'd read for hours until I 'd hear his voice , “ Ben , what are you doing ? ” and I 'd start dusting again .
Books still have this tension for me — the do and do n't , the possibility of danger , of secret knowledge .
It makes them very potent .
My mum , Grace , was quite different .
She was gentle and very tough at the same time , and she never told me things directly .
She never said “ do n't ... ” — she knew that would make me do whatever it was .
Instead , she would tell me a story .
There were no clear morals , but her stories had an air around them .
They were telling you something , and you had to work out what .
Some took me 20 years to get .
Her mother died when she was just three or four , and she was shifted around between aunts .
She knew what it was like to grow up unprotected — that raw King Lear condition with nothing between you and the cold winds of the world .
It made her very sensitive to other people 's sufferings .
She would say to me , “ I can live next door to a hungry lion . ”
She meant she could get along with all types and bear their awkwardness and nastiness .
I can't live up to that .
When we got back to Nigeria ( when I was about seven ) we moved around a lot .
That came to a stop with the civil war .
My mother was half Igbo [ from the south - east of Nigeria ] while my father was Urhobo , from the Delta region , so the war was a family thing .
We spent a lot of time hiding Mum — and I nearly got killed .
I 'm still stunned by what people are able to do to their neighbours .
One of the greatest gifts my father gave me — unintentionally — was witnessing the courage with which he bore adversity .
We had a bit of a rollercoaster life with some really challenging financial periods .
He was always unshaken , completely tranquil , the same ebullient , laughing , jovial man .
I learned that life will go through changes — up and down and up again .
It 's what life does .
My parents lived to see their unruly child come through and win the Booker prize , but one day in my 30s , I got this impossible call from Nigeria to say that my mother had gone .
We never think that our mothers will die .
It was like suddenly an abyss opened at my feet — I was standing on nothing .
It was the strangest thing .
Her passing away ripped the solidity out of the world .
For a few weeks , I 'd be walking along and suddenly I 'd be unable to stand straight and I 'd hold on to a lamppost and find the lamppost was n't solid either .
That was a turning point for me .
It began a great journey .
I do n't feel I need to lean on lampposts any more .
You need internal lampposts — and a few good friends .
— © Guardian Newspapers Limited , 2010
( Ben Okri 's latest book , Tales of Freedom , is published by Rider Books . )
IN 1941 , Edward Hopper began what would become his most recognizable work , one that has become an emblem of New York City .
“ ‘ Nighthawks , ’ ” Hopper said in an interview later , “ was suggested by a restaurant on Greenwich Avenue where two streets meet . ”
The location was pinpointed by a Hopper expert , Gail Levin , as the “ empty triangular lot ” where Greenwich meets 11th Street and Seventh Avenue , otherwise known as Mulry Square .
This has become accepted city folklore .
Greenwich Village tour guides point to the lot , now owned by the Metropolitan Transportation Authority , and tell visitors that Hopper ’s diner stood there .
But did it ?
Not long ago , one of the readers of my blog , Vanishing New York , sent in an old photo of the lot .
There was no diner , only an Esso gas station and a White Tower burger joint that looked nothing like the moody , curved , wedge - shaped lunch counter in “ Nighthawks . ”
An urban mystery had just revealed itself :
If the diner was n’t in the empty lot , then where was it ?
Being an obsessive type , prone to delve , I began searching for Hopper ’s diner with the help of two of my readers .
Multiple streets converge at Mulry Square , creating a shattered - glass array of triangular corners .
The buildings wedge themselves into these tight angles , bricks tapering to near points , each structure bearing a Hopperesque resemblance .
I snapped photos of every possibility and checked them against their ancestral images in the New York Public Library ’s Digital Gallery .
I made a trip to the city ’s Municipal Archives , where I scanned the 1930s atlases of Manhattan known as “ land books , ” matched block and lot numbers to scratchy rolls of microfilm and scrolled through muddy 1940s tax photos .
Slowly , I began ruling out suspects .
London , England ( CNN ) --
The father and brother of a Harry Potter actress will appear in court later this month in Manchester , England , on charges of threatening to kill the young star , prosecutors said Friday .
Abdul Azad , 54 , and his son Ashraf , 28 , are accused of attacking actress Afshan Azad earlier this month because of her relationship with a Hindu man , a spokesman for the Crown Prosecution Service said .
The family is Muslim .
The father and brother appeared at Manchester Magistrate 's Court on Wednesday and were released on conditional bail , said the spokesman , who could not be named in line with policy .
Bail conditions include a curfew and ban on traveling to London , the Manchester Evening News reported .
Afshan Azad , reported to be 22 , has appeared in four Harry Potter films as Padma Patil , a classmate of the boy wizard and twin sister of Parvati Patil .
The alleged attack happened May 21 .
The father and brother are charged with threatening to kill the actress , and her brother is also charged with assault , the prosecutors ' spokesman said .
Afshan Azad had never acted before she was cast in the movies , and admitted she only went to the auditions with her friends " for a bit of fun , " the Manchester Evening News reported .
We ’ve been doing a little thinking about outgoing Justice John Paul Stevens and what his legacy will be when it comes to intellectual property .
Patent lawyers will surely remember Stevens as one of the justices who , along with justices Breyer and Souter , signed a strongly - worded dissent in the LabCorp v. Metabolite case .
Because it was dismissed due to a technicality in the lower courts , LabCorp had no impact on the law , but the dissent showed that Stevens was one of at least three justices keen to rein in the extent of patentable subject matter .
If , as many expect , the forthcoming Bilski decision places even greater limits on the patent system , it ’s likely that Stevens will have a hand in that .
The truth is , Stevens may be only slightly more “ patent - skeptical ” than the current Supreme Court as a whole .
Decisions like the unanimous 2006 eBay v. MercExchange indicate that when it comes to patent law , the court may not actually be divided at all .
Instead , the Court is defining itself in this area as being in opposition to the Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit .
More than any other current justice , Stevens has seen both patent and copyright law as balancing acts that need to be kept in check by the Supreme Court .
Along with Justice Breyer , Stevens dissented in the Eldred v. Ashcroft case , arguing that Congress should n’t be allowed to retroactively extend existing copyright grants , as they did by passing the 1998 Copyright Term Extension Act In fact , Stevens made his most profound impact on intellectual property law in the copyright sphere by authoring the majority opinion in the 1984 case Sony Corp.
v. Universal City Studios , also known as the Betamax decision , which some consider the most important copyright ruling of all time .
“ Betamax has been the foundational decision of copyright law for the last 35 years , ” says Andrew Bridges , a Winston & Strawn IP litigator who has worked on cases that in many ways parallel Betamax — the entertainment industries ’ lawsuits against file - sharing services like Napster and Grokster .
“ It was the first Supreme Court decision to apply the 1976 Copyright Act , and it was the decision that first construed fair use in the modern era . ”
The most important result of the Betamax decision , Bridges says , is that it established that consumers have a personal “ fair use ” right to make copies of copyrighted material for non-commercial use .
But Justice Stevens ’s contribution to the ultimate decision in Betamax extended well beyond writing the opinion .
It was actually his negotiating skill pulled together the five - vote majority that allowed home video recorders to be sold and used without interference from entertainment industry copyright holders .
When he wrote the first draft of his opinion , Stevens thought he was writing dissent — and possibly a lone dissent at that .
Even more remarkably , the justices ’ initial debates in the case made it clear that Stevens was the only one of the nine who believed that the “ fair use ” doctrine gave consumers a right to make personal copies of copyrighted content for home use .
Those nuggets–and the complete inside story of the Betamax negotiations–are contained a 2006 paper by University of Michigan Prof.
Jessica Litman titled “ The Story of Sony v. Universal Studios : Mary Poppins Meets the Boston Strangler . ”
( The title refers , of course , to former Motion Picture Association of America president Jack Valenti ’s famous testimony before Congress in which he compared the home video recorder to an infamous serial killer .
In her paper , Litman describes how Stevens was initially the only justice convinced that consumer home videotaping was allowed under copyright law .
Other justices were , to varying degrees , ready to affirm the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit , which had ruled that home copying was indeed copyright infringement .
Litman writes : Justices Blackmun , Marshall and Rehnquist were comfortable with the conclusion that consumer home videotaping taping was illegal infringement , and voted to affirm .
Justice Powell felt that home use should be deemed fair use , but saw no way to draw a workable distinction between fair and infringing uses , and he , too , voted to affirm .
Justice O’Connor was also disposed to affirm : if she were a legislator , she said , she would vote to exempt home use , but Congress had not done so in the 1976 Copyright Act.
Justices Brennan , White and Burger argued that time - shifting was fair use , but building a videotape library was infringement .
They were inclined to remand for additional fact - finding on the issue of Sony ’s liability , given that the Betamax was used for both infringing and non-infringing purposes .
Only Justice Stevens insisted that the copyright statute did not prohibit consumers from making single copies of copyrighted works for their own private use .
Litman describes in detail the arguments — and the compromises — that Stevens used to put together a majority of five justices that agreed with his fundamental position on the home copying issue .
She also argues that Stevens ’s efforts resulted in a majority opinion and a dissent authored by Justice Harry Blackmun that were both far less clear and tightly reasoned than the original drafts .
The final opinion was “ an awkward amalgamation of different arguments and rationales , ” she writes .
Still , there ’s no denying the historical importance of the opinion .
In his Betamax opinion , Stevens wrote that although the video - recorder could be used to break copyright law — by copying whole programs and re-selling the tapes , for example — it was also “ capable of substantial non-infringing use , ” and consumers should not be deterred from using it for those purposes .
“ The ruling that making a single copy for yourself of a broadcast movie was fair use … that was truly huge , and was a point on which the court was deeply divided , ” says Bridges .
The Betamax decision was written at a time when the Supreme Court was more cognizant of the appropriate limits of its power , he adds .
“ The Grokster court never once discussed deference to Congress .
Grokster ignored the conservatism of the Betamax decision , in terms of what a court should do , as opposed to what Congress should do . ”
Stevens believed that Congress did n’t intend to ban home copying it when it amended the country ’s copyright laws by passing the 1976 Copyright Act .
After all , he reasoned , Congress had extended copyright protection to sound recordings in 1971 , and at that time made clear that the Copyright Act would n’t extend to consumer home taping .
He felt video should be no different .
It ’s an interesting intellectual exercise to imagine what would have developed had the court come out in favor of the entertainment industry rather than Sony .
By the time the Betamax case reached the Supreme Court , the movie and television studios had already abandoned their hope for an injunction that would would sweep video recorders off store shelves , and had instead proposed that copyright law should simply entitle them to royalty payments on the devices .
The entertainment industry also wanted levies on associated media , such as blank videotapes .
A ruling against Sony could have placed a heavy burden on the makers of video - recording devices and the emerging video rental industry .
On the other hand , at least some in Congress were ready to fight for the right to home copying .
After the Ninth Circuit issued its pro-entertainment industry ruling , legislation was introduced in Congress the very next day to legalize home video recording .
Once the Supreme Court agreed to take up the Sony v. Universal case , Congress put the debate on hold .
But 3 million people had already bought home video cassette recorders by 1982 , and video rental stores were growing in popularity .
( This despite the fact that at the time of trial , a Sony Betamax videocasette recorder cost the astronomical sum of $ 875 , the equivalent of almost $ 2,000 in today ’s dollars . )
Stevens ’ belief that the government had no business messing around with the newfangled machines Americans were attaching to their televisions made him an outlier on the Supreme Court , but likely in the mainstream of public opinion .
Indeed , the mainstream press hailed the Betamax decision as a necessary step forward .
Washington
Post entertainment critic Tom Shales called the decision “ one small step for man , one giant kick in Big Brother ’s pants . ”
He further wrote :
Yesterday the Supreme Court ruled , by a frighteningly narrow 5 - to - 4 majority , that the home taping of TV programs and movies broadcast on the air is not illegal .
Five million VCR users breathed an enormous “ whew . ” Imagine .
No more stuffing the Betamax machine under the bed at every unexpected ring of the doorbell .
No more disguising tapes as pornographic magazines .
No more covert tapings of “ Remington Steele ” with the shades drawn and the windows locked .
( J. Litman , The Story of Sony v. Universal Studios , p. 21 . )
So , next time you ’re TiVo-ing an episode of Remington Steele — or whatever it is the kids are watching these days — remember to give a quick thanks to Justice John Paul Stevens .
The World ’s Weirdest Footraces
By STEPHEN REGENOLD
published March 30 , 2008
Bart Yodel ran his first naked footrace at the Kaniksu Ranch , north of Spokane , Wash . , in the summer of 1998 .
“ I treated it like any other 5 K race , ” he said .
“ I was trying to win . ”
And so at the start line Yodel stripped down and sprinted off .
He ran to the head of the pack , passing a fleshy mass of runners , bounding by dozens of ladies and men wearing nothing beyond their Nikes .
He zipped on to take the third position in the pack , tracking two young competitors on the trail , striving to get ahead .
above : Antarctic Ice Marathon
But at the halfway point — which was a turnaround —
Yodel , who works in promotions at Runner ’s World magazine , spun to face what he can only describe as a wall of undulating human flesh .
“ Hundreds of naked people , all running at me ! ” Yodel exclaimed .
Though the Kaniksu Ranch Bare Buns Fun Run is not for everyone —
Yodel said he lost all competitive steam at the shock of the turnaround — this footrace is an archetype of the kind of strange and obscure running event that is becoming popular around the globe .
“ More crazy races pop up every year , ” said Michael Benge , editor of Trail Runner magazine , based in Carbondale , Colo .
“ Many runners do these races as a vacation and a healthy way to tour an exotic country or region . ”
Benge , a 52 - year - old who runs up to 45 miles a week , is not necessarily referring to nudist events .
Indeed the “ crazy races ” Benge attends more likely entail 100 - mile - long courses through wilderness terrain .
above : ‘ Bare Buns ’ Run
Events like the six - day Marathon des Sables in Morocco , which tracks 151 miles across the Sahara Desert , kicked off the ultra - endurance trend more than two decades back .
Today , dozens of wilderness ultra runs are organized in all corners of the globe .
Less extreme , but equally whacky , footrace events have gained notoriety , too .
Take the Muddy Buddy Series as one example :
This multi-city tour features race courses that are 6 to 7 miles long and cumulate at a giant finish - line mud pit .
The races below represent a geographic spread of oddball footraces , some difficult , some extreme or exotic , and some that are just plain strange .
Says Yodel : “ Every runner after a bunch of years of 5 ks and marathons will look for the next frontier . ”
1. Boom Days Pack Burro Race
In the tradition of 19th - Century gold miners , the Boom Days Pack Burro Race in Leadville , Colo. , pairs each competitor with a burro or donkey .
But riding your beast is forbidden .
Instead , competitors run alongside their burro , pulling the jack or jenny on a rope through a mountainous , 22 - mile - long course .
This year ’s Boom Days Pack Burro Race is on Sunday , August 3rd .
Burro weigh - in starts at 9 a.m. www.packburroracing.com
2. Arrowhead 135 Winter Ultramarathon
As a self - supported 135 - mile race through Minnesota ’s remote North Woods , Arrowhead 135 racers haul pulk sleds filled with supplies , including all the food , water , and cold - weather gear they need for 60 hours alone in the woods .
Held each year in early February , the Arrowhead 135 is among the coldest footraces on the planet ; last year ’s 7 a.m. start near the town of International Falls , Minn. , featured ambient air that measured at 35 degrees below zero .
www.arrowheadultra.com
3. The Marathon Des Sables
Going on its 23nd year , Morocco ’s Marathon Des Sables covers 151 miles of the Sahara Desert over six days .
Temps soar to 120 degrees some days , and up to 20 percent of the course is on sand dunes .
In addition , competitors are required to carry everything they will need for the duration of the race on their backs , including food , clothes , a medical kit , and a sleeping bag .
Water is rationed and handed out at checkpoints .
www.saharamarathon.co.uk
4. Antarctic Ice Marathon
Run 26.2 miles on snow and ice , on the bottom of the planet .
That ’s the draw for the two dozen competitors who will run the Antarctic Ice Marathon , which takes place this year on December 12th in the foothills of Antarctica ’s Ellsworth Mountains .
This is the southernmost 26.2 - mile footrace in the world , according to race organizers .
www.icemarathon.com
5. Nepal Trek and Trail Run
Trek Nepal for six days , and then top the trip off with a half marathon in the shadows of the Himalaya .
That ’s the itinerary for this year ’s Nepal Trek and Trail Run , a packaged running vacation November 7 – 22 that starts with sightseeing in Kathmandu , followed by trekking in the mountainous Annapurna region .
Rhododendron forests , rice fields , waterfalls , and local villages are all part of the experience .
www.nepaltrekandtrail.com
6. Bare to Breakers
Touted as “ the most ultimate nude streak in the world , ” the underground , pseudo - legal Bare to Breakers run coincides with San Francisco ’s 12 - kilometer Bay to Breakers race , held this year on May 18 .
But Bare to Breakers participants go in the buff , completely naked save for their shoes , running through the streets of San Francisco and showing their stuff to thousands of cheering fans .
The race ’s slogan : “ Naked before God and San Francisco . ” www.baretobreakers.com
7. Tough Guy
Britain ’s Tough Guy race is “ physically challenging , mentally demanding , and fear inducing , ” according to race organizers .
Indeed , along its 8 - mile course , competitors go through mud , manure , water , fire , ice , and a litany of paramilitary obstacles , some of which feature electrically - charged whips .
Set on a horse farm in England ’s West Midlands , Tough Guy organizers pride themselves on creating one of the most mentally and physically difficult races in the world .
Up to 5,000 suckers , er , runners sign up to do this masochistic race each year .
www.toughguy.co.uk
8. Spartathlon
Pheidippides , a hero of Ancient Greece , ran 150 miles in two days , from Athens to Sparta , and then on to the city of Marathon , to warn of invading Persian forces .
Today , the Spartathlon , held this year September 26 – 27 , follows Pheidippides ’ path , running on tarmac , trails and mountain footpaths through the Greek countryside .
Competitors go from sea level to passes as high as 3,937 feet .
Unlike during Pheidippides ’ ancient epic , the Spartathlon features aid stations every couple miles with food and water .
www.spartathlon.gr
9. GORE–TEX TransRockies
Run
Taking its lead from a sister race in the Alps , the GORE–TEX TransRockies
Run debuted last fall as a six - day stage race where competitors ran a new mountain trail each day .
This year the race kicks off on August 25 at Buena Vista , and stages of the race will go through the White River and San Isabel National Forests .
The cumulative course is 125 miles long , with mountainous trails that ascend for 25,000 feet over the length of the run .
www.transrockies.com
10 . Muddy Buddy
Going neck - deep in mud is a requisite part of these races , which feature large and slimy mud pits guarding the finish line .
Muddy Buddy races , held this year in eight U.S. cities , starting with Orlando on May 10 , include obstacles and 6 or 7 mile courses .
Teams of two trade off running and riding a bike , staying together and leapfrogging on and off the bike at each obstacle , and then swimming through the mud together at the end .
www.muddybuddy.com
( Stephen Regenold writes The Gear Junkie column for eleven U.S. newspapers ; see www.THEGEARJUNKIE.com for video gear reviews , a daily blog , and an archive of Regenold ’s work . )
Dr. Jerry Holmberg is the Executive Secretary of the Advisory Committee , and is tasked with accepting formal public comments from both organizations and individuals .
He has made his e-mail available for this purpose .
Please take a minute to e-mail Dr. Holmberg via jerry.holmberg@hhs.gov and urge him and the committee to revise the ban on blood donations from men who have sex with men .
" Do you or your loved ones want to die in order to advance the gay rights agenda ?
Once again , as we have seen in the gays in the military debate , the gays are constantly screaming about their rights , oblivious to the point of madness about the rights of others .
In this case , it 's our right to be free of infected blood when our loved ones get a blood transfusion .
But unless the public quickly offers its comments and raises an outcry with the federal authorities coming under the influence and intimidation of the gay rights lobby , the ' right ' to donate blood could soon be extended to a politically - connected special interest group that has a demonstrated propensity to acquire life - threatening and deadly diseases . "
The FDA begins hearings today on whether to drop the decades - long ban on gay men donating blood .
Numerous LGBT and progressive sites are participating in a blog - swarm , asking their readers to submit comments .
You can find scientific support for your comment at this link .
Among those testifying today is Cliff Kincaid of the virulently anti-gay group , American 's Survival .
Christian Newswire reveals today what Kincaid plans to say .
Labels : activism , blog swarm , blood donation , Cliff Kincaid , FDA
UPDATE : CNN has been carrying live feed of the flow out of the riser , as the RIT is now removing around 5,000 bpd from the riser .
The picture shows both of the relief wells and the original well , as of today .
It gives some idea of the overall layout of the three wells , and the points where the original well will be intersected .
There have been a number of steps forward in dealing with the massive oil spill and continued oil leak from the BP well in the Gulf .
BP has now posted a status illustration of the two relief wells that are being drilled to intersect and finally kill the initial well .
While there has been steady progress on a number of fronts ; the riser insertion tube ( RIT ) is now pumping 3,000 bd ; a check on the fluid being collected shows that the gas content is higher with a gas : oil ratio of 5,000 rather than the 3,000 initially estimated ; and the top kill injection is now scheduled for Sunday .
There were four successful surface burns yesterday .
There is not a lot otherwise that is new in terms of killing the well , though the oil is now arriving on shore and starting to have an impact .
There was also the possibility of a Kevin Costner idea being adopted ; a problem for a CBS crew ; and a clarification of the role of Schlumberger .
There was a Press Conference today , and a BP official on PBS News Hour , and it is from these sources and a quick reference that I am writing the post tonight .
One of the issues that has been continuously referred to has been the progress of the oil spill both on the surface , and underwater .
Unfortunately the underwater , and heavier oil , is now beginning to appear in the marshes of Louisiana and the surface traces of the plume are beginning to get drawn into the Loop Current .
The surface indication is the presence of a sheen on the surface .
The thickness of that layer can be assessed by looking at the refraction , but it is not that easy .
An estimate of the quantity of oil observed at sea is crucial .
Observers are generally able to distinguish between sheen and thicker patches of oil .
However gauging the oil thickness and coverage is rarely easy and is made more difficult if the sea is rough .
All such estimates should be viewed with considerable caution .
The table below gives some guidance .
Most difficult to assess are water - in - oil emulsions and viscous oils like heavy crude and fuel oil , which can vary in thickness from millimeters to several centimeters
Source ( MMS )
The transcript of the News Hour interview with Bob Dudley of BP this confirmed the 3,000 bd recovery figure through the RIT , and that they are continuing to open the choke that controls the flow up to the surface ship that is collecting the oil , and flaring the gas .
He noted the high gas content , at the greater oil flow .
The pipe is now collecting more than 13 million cubic feet of gas a day .
With that high a gas content , at least half the plume that has been coming from the pipes is made up of gas .
Because of that gas content , it is hard to measure the exact volumes of fluid that are leaving the pipe .
But he also noted that the larger numbers that have been quoted in the press , of 70,000 to 100,000 bd are purely sensational and not based on science .
Unfortunately they also serve to increase alarm and suggest threats to the tourist industries of Alabama , Mississippi and Florida that do not realistically exist .
He further commented that the failure of the blowout preventer ( BOP ) in this circumstance is unprecedented , and that the dispersant being used is the one that the Coast Guard has been using for over 20 years , after extensive EPA testing .
And , in regard to liability :
We have said we 're not going to hide behind a $ 75 million cap on the liabilities .
To date , we have spent more than half - a- billion dollars on the spill response .
We 're not going to ask for reimbursements for the American people for that effort .
And we 're going to keep at this .
And shutting the well off , containing it at sea , and keeping it off the beaches as long as it takes , Jeff .
The transcript of the press conference was not posted as I write this , but there are comments available from it , which largely bore out what the BP official said ( unfortunately I have lost the site that I was getting the info from ) .
There was , however , a comment that the “ hot tap ” had made it back into consideration , and that an idea by Kevin Costner was also possibly going to be tried .
Costner came forward last week with an oil spill cleanup technology he started devising after the 1989 Exxon Valdez spill in Alaska .
Surrounded by local and state politicians , he demonstrated a $ 24 million centrifuge device that he said could be placed on barges and used to suck in oily water , separate the oil and spit out mostly pure water .
Incidentally there has been a response to the story of a CBS crew being stopped .
The Unified Command issued a statement that said , in part :
Tonight CBS Evening
News reported they were denied access to oiled shoreline by a civilian vessel that had clean - up workers contracted by BP , as well as Coast Guard personnel on board .
CBS
News video taped the exchange during which time one of the contractors told them ( on tape ) that " ... this is BP 's rules not ours . "
Neither BP nor the U.S. Coast Guard , who are responding to the spill , have any rules in place that would prohibit media access to impacted areas and we were disappointed to hear of this incident .
In fact , media has been actively embedded and allowed to cover response efforts since this response began , with more than 400 embeds aboard boats and aircraft to date .
Just today 16 members of the press observed clean - up operations on a vessel out of Venice , La .
The only time anyone would be asked to move from an area would be if there were safety concerns , or they were interfering with response operations .
This did occur off South Pass Monday which may have caused the confusion reported by CBS today .
The entities involved in the Deepwater Horizon / BP Response have already reiterated these media access guidelines to personnel involved in the response and hope it prevents any future confusion .
And in regard to the Schlumberger crew that apparently were on the rig to run a Cement Bond Log ( CBL ) , Schlumberger has made a statement .
The company , which had not previously revealed its work on the Horizon , said in an emailed statement that it performed wireline services for BP Plc on the rig in March and April , completing the last services on April 15 and leaving a crew on standby in case any more were needed .
" On the morning of April 20 , 2010 , BP notified the Schlumberger crew that it could return to its home base in Louisiana , " Schlumberger said in a statement , which a spokesman for the company confirmed by phone .
The crew departed the rig at about 11:00 a.m. on April 20 on one of BP 's regularly scheduled helicopter flights , Schlumberger said .
It has been suggested that they could have performed a CBL ( cement bond log ) to assess the quality of the cement lining at the bottom of the casing , but were not asked to do so before they left .
Probert ( of Halliburton ) told a Senate committee last week that the cement bond log is " the only test that can really determine the actual effectiveness of the bond between the cement sheets , the formation and the casing itself . "
Gregory McCormack , director of the Petroleum Extension Service at the University of Texas , called the cement bond log the " gold standard " of cement tests .
It records detailed , 360 - degree representations of the well and can show where the cement is n't adhering fully to the casing and where there may be paths for gas or oil to get into the hole .
Schlumberger 's Harris said the contractor was ready to do any such wireline tests , but was never directed to do so .
The team had finished doing tests on the subsea layers of earth being drilled five days earlier and had n't done any work since , Harris said .
The Times Picayune has a graphic showing that the last cement injection did not seal to the one above it , leaving a gap through which gas could enter the well .
It is not clear whether the gas entered the well there , or from some other point in the well , nor whether the initial gas flow then progressed up the outside of the casing ( the annulus ) , or up inside the production casing itself .
Last month , at the commencement ceremony for graduates of Arizona University ’s Social and Behavioral Sciences program , professor Sandra K. Soto dared to criticize Arizona ’s new anti-immigrant laws .
For this , she was repeatedly heckled , as you can see in this video .
She started her speech with a traditional salute : “ It is my great pleasure and honor to be among the first to congratulate you on completing your studies at the University of Arizona . ”
She wished the students luck “ at making a life outside of the context of classes , teachers , required reading , libraries , flip - flops , office hours , deadlines , and all - nighters . ”
She called them “ the next generation of leaders , teachers , journalists , and lawyers . ”
And she urged them to use the skills they learned at college to “ help solve a range of social problems . ”
Then she got to the nub of the current controversy .
“ The whole nation is watching Arizona right now , ” she said .
“ Racial discord is being provoked , not solved , by the recent legislation that is horrifying so many of us in and outside of Arizona . ”
She mentioned both the law requiring police to arrest people they suspect of being here illegally and the law eliminating Ethnic Studies classes .
And she praised middle and high school students for protesting these laws .
While she was trying to read her speech , hecklers booed her .
At least one called her “ bitch . ”
Another said , “ Cut your hair . ”
Still another called her “ disgusting . ”
The catcalls got so loud that she could almost not continue .
At that point , the dean of Social and Behavioral Sciences , John Paul Jones III , said : “ Please , please , civil discourse please .
OK , thank you very much . ”
Soto concluded by urging the newly minted graduates to “ fight for public education .
Now that you have concluded your education , please remember to leave the door open behind you so that other students may enter . ”
According to the Arizona University website , “ Soto is Director of Graduate Studies , Co-coordinator of the Chicana / Latina Studies Concentration , and affiliate faculty of English , Mexican American Studies , and Latin American Studies . ”
She is also an associate professor of Gender and Women ’s Studies .
Soto told Inside Higher Education that “ she has received a barrage of e-mail messages , many of them hateful and some of them potentially threatening . ”
She added that “ she was prepared for some booing , but was surprised by ‘ how vitriolic ’ the e-mail messages have been since the talk .
She said that she will turn over to authorities those that might be threatening , such as an e-mail suggesting that the sender ‘ hopes you do n't look both ways ’ while crossing the street . ”
" Overall , I received more positive feedback than negative feedback , " tells The Progressive .
" All of the feedback I received from colleagues ( from both the University of Arizona and other universities ) was positive .
I have no regrets about giving the Convocation Speech that I gave .
Believe me , a lot of thought , discussion , and revision went into the speech before I delivered it . "
Matthew Rothschild is the editor of The Progressive magazine .
Aftermath of the massive 5.0 in Canada 6/23/10
Uploaded 06/25/2010
Picture of the devastation after the earthquake in London , Ontario .
RELATED
The Jerusalem Post
cnxps.cmd.push(function ( ) { cnxps ( { playerId : '36af7c51-0caf-4741-9824-2c941fc6c17b ' }) .render('4c4d856e0e6f4e3d808bbc1715e132f6 ' ) ; } ) ;
Post
Gil Hoffman contributed to this report .
Although most of the recent talk regarding flotillas has revolved around ships sailing toward Gaza , at least two plans have emerged for “ reverse flotillas ” – from Israel toward Turkey – to highlight what organizers have labeled the Turks ’ “ shameless hypocrisy ” in their criticisms of the Jewish state .
The most ambitious of the two plans has been devised by members of Israel ’s National Student Union , who this week announced their intention to set sail toward Turkey , in an effort to bring humanitarian aid to the “ oppressed people of Turkish Kurdistan ” and to members of the “ Turkish Armenian minority .
” Student Union chairman Boaz Torporovsky , who has been leading the reverse flotilla charge , toldon Monday , “ Hundreds of people have volunteered for the flotilla , and many more are contacting us all the time for ways they can help .
“ Our plan is to deliver much - needed humanitarian assistance to the Kurds of Turkey , who by the way outnumber Israelis and Palestinians combined , ” he said .
“ And to show that Turkey has its own issues when it comes to the treatment of its minorities , which they should consider before criticizing us .
” Torporovsky added that the National Student Union members had two separate flotilla ideas , both of which they hoped to embark on soon .
The first was a flotilla of private yachts that would head out to sea if additional Gaza - bound flotillas entered Israeli waters .
“ We would like to greet them at sea , ” he said .
“ And explain to them , peacefully – we do n’t want any violence – what it is that ’s really going on here .
We ’d like to show them the truth and help them understand that the reality here is not what they ’ve been told .
” Torporovsky said that many yacht owners had already volunteered for that phase of the plan , and that he and his colleagues were preparing for the arrival of a number of Gaza - bound ships , of European or even Iranian origin .
The second phase of the National Student Union members ’ flotilla plan would be the more ambitious journey to Turkey , though Torporovsky admitted they were hard - pressed when it came to funding it .
“ We need three things to pull this part off , ” he said .
“ Money , logistical support and balls – and we ’ve got the last two things covered .
“ But it ’s here that we really get into the shameless hypocrisy of the Turks , because while they criticize us day and night , they are oppressing the Kurds and silencing the world when it comes to recognition of the Armenian Genocide .
” Torporovsky said his group had already found a captain for the vessel , a retired Israel Navy sailor , but the ship itself was proving harder to acquire .
“ It ’s not easy to find a large , sea - bound vessel , ” he said .
“ But we ’re looking , and we ’re raising funds , and as soon as we ’re able to do it , we will .
” But the reverse - flotilla talk has n’t stopped there .
Another sea - bound venture is being organized in an effort to draw attention to Turkey ’s own controversial policies – this time to Cyprus , to “ call for an end to the Turkish occupation ” of the island ’s northern half – and is being organized by Meretz activist Pinchas Har - Zahav , and his son Haim , who has also signed on for the voyage .
The group is also set to include Alex Goldfarb , who was an MK with the Tzomet and Yiud parties from 1992 to 1996 , and is being subsidized by an unnamed wealthy Israeli .
Speaking to theon Monday , Haim Har - Zahav said the goal of the voyage was to “ remind the world that Turkey is not innocent .
“ If Uruguay or Iceland were the ones criticizing us so harshly , it might be a different story , ” he said .
“ But we ’re talking about a country that only seven years after [ the Six Day War and the beginning of Israeli control of the Gaza Strip and the West Bank ] began occupying Cyprus .
“ We ’re talking about a country that has systematically killed the Kurds and refuses to acknowledge their role in the Armenian Genocide , ” he said .
“ And so no , we will not accept this .
The hypocrisy has to stop here .
” Har - Zahav added that the ship ’s passengers were not looking for a violent confrontation and if told to turn back , they would .
“ But we feel that it ’s important for us to show and remind the world that Turkey is not a righteous country , but a near - rogue state , and that we , the Israeli people , are not suckers . ”
Anyone familiar with file - sharing operations and those who seek to disrupt them will be aware that there are many techniques used by both sides to thwart the other .
While tracking solutions , fancy technology and sheer numbers perpetuate the fight , there are claims that a more traditional technique is in use against file - sharers - good old - fashioned blackmail .
But that weapon can work both ways .
Today ’s wars , no matter where they are fought or who is fighting them , are increasingly exposed to public scrutiny .
While there are accepted guidelines for engaging in battle to which conventional and accountable forces must adhere , there are plenty of exceptions to these rules and many transgressions go on undiscovered .
In the ongoing Internet conflict between file - sharers and pro-copyright groups , there are many fighting fronts .
While much diplomatic pressure is exerted to create new laws and tighten up existing ones , other elements are using those laws to take down file - sharing sites and threaten ISPs .
On the Internet itself , anti-piracy groups work largely covertly , spying on users and file - sharing sites and services alike , gathering intelligence on a daily basis .
Since it is largely unseen , this type of anti-piracy activity remains somewhat of a mystery .
How do the movie and music industries gain access to the most exclusive private trackers and FTP sites ?
How do they gather evidence on both site operators and site content for months without being detected ?
Perhaps of even more interest is how they manage to gather personal information on users of those sites .
Antipiratbyrån ( APB ) regularly make the pages of TorrentFreak since it is one of the most active online anti-piracy groups .
It has been effective in its investigations against individual file - sharers and has managed to infiltrate a number of exclusive piracy hangouts .
How it did this has largely remained a mystery but according to a report from Sweden , some of that information is being obtained by old fashioned blackmail .
From a source who has previously worked in law enforcement and also in the private sector , news outlet Nyheter 24 has now revealed that APB have been tracking down teenage file - sharers and threatening them with reprisals unless they snitch on their friends and hand over information on the sites they use .
Citing a situation which happened a few years ago , the source explains how APB received a tip that people were sharing files via a research institute FTP server .
APB allegedly contacted a known file - sharing employee at the location and threatened the individual with reprisals unless they handed over information and helped with their investigation .
APB subsequently used the employee ’s login to access the server .
APB later threatened to take the case to court unless material on the FTP server was deleted .
Fighting back , the research institute threatened to report APB for hacking .
In the end a settlement between the two sides was reached in private and no further action was taken .
On a very similar theme , just recently Swedish prosecutor Björn Ericson announced that there would be no investigation into the activities of APB despite allegations that they had gained unauthorized access to another FTP server , this time in the ongoing ePhone case .
“ There was not enough concrete information about a specific crime , ” concluded Ericson .
While anti-piracy groups and copyright holders are n’t immune to the law , they do work to less strict guidelines than the police do when they conduct an inquiry into a criminal case .
Their quest to manipulate individuals through fear is a common strategy .
Last year , representatives from several indie music labels infiltrated a private BitTorrent tracker with the aim of gathering information on both users and admins and using that data to force it to close down .
One member , who had uploaded a lot of music to the site , was befriended by the infiltrators and over a period of several months was persuaded to part with sensitive information on site staff and other users .
Armed with that information the label workers later revealed themselves to the site ’s admin , along with a threat – close down or else .
They quickly learned that two can play that game .
With assistance from moderators at other sites , the tracker ’s staff used the huge amounts of data they held on the infiltrators , from email addresses through to several pages of IP addresses , to hunt down their adversaries on other sites .
There they found the same users happily downloading movies , software and TV shows , along with plenty of incriminating forum posts and in one case , a home address .
That address led to a phone number , which led to an unexpected late - night phone call .
Blackmail , it seems , can cut both ways .
You do n't really know a language until you understand its libraries .
You can learn Smalltalk 's syntax in an afternoon , but you wo n't be able to do much with it until you learn its idioms and how it 's organized and what 's where and how to use it .
You can dabble in a hundred languages — a new language a month for the rest of your professional life — but if you can't write anything more substantive than " Hello , world ! " or the first program I ever wrote on my own , you do n't really know them :
10 INPUT " WHAT IS YOUR NAME ? " ; N$ 20 PRINT " HELLO " ; N$ 30 PRINT " " 50 GOTO 20
( I have n't proven that program bugfree or idiomatic , merely correct . )
Understanding how a language works is necessary to programming well in that language , but it is not sufficient .
I read the Camel book cover to cover , but I had to read the Perl Cookbook before I could program Perl practically .
( I also needed a couple of years of experience before I could call myself an adept programmer , but the only way to get that experience is through experience . )
As Simon Cozens wrote in the introduction to the second edition of Advanced Perl Programming , " advanced Perl programming has become more a matter of knowing where to find what you need on the CPAN , rather than a matter of knowing what to do . "
His edition reflected that , and I 've used that book on two projects this month .
Unfortunately , the book is five years old and could only cover a fraction of the CPAN .
It 's no secret I 'm looking for projects after Modern Perl : The Book comes out .
I 'm trying to convince Stevan Little and Chris Prather to write a book about the obvious ( and if you 'd like to read it , please encourage them to do so ) .
I think it 's time for a new book on Perl and testing .
I also keep thinking of a bigger goal .
The Perl Cookbook is seven years old and does n't even cover Perl 's testing revolution .
Do n't expect a third edition soon or ever ( sic transit gloria animaila libri ) .
Yet what if there were a wiki of modern Perl idioms or modern Perl solutions which focused on the use of CPAN distributions and generally stayed up to date with both new versions of Perl and new software as it came out ?
Think of it as an expanded version of Task :: Kensho with explanations and sample code crosslinked and organized by topic .
I 'd use such a resource , if it existed .
I also admit , I 'd love to publish a book drawn from that wiki .
I 'd happily edit the prose .
I 'd done all author royalties to TPF , and I 'd even make a raw PDF available .
This author model worked well for other books such as the Python Cookbook .
Would anyone else like to see it for Perl ?
Finally !
A comic is here despite Tony swaying in the breeze while Wes lived the Trail of Tears .
When your situation requires more than just a run of the mill cable management solution we know that having your cables blend into the decor of the room is n't a top priority .
You 've got a small army of networking cables and like any good army , they need to move together in an organized and coordinated manner .
This is where cable basket trays are useful .
Their open face , grid pattern design allows optimal airflow to keep hard - working networking and industrial cables cool , reducing the possibility of performance issues .
Wire basket cable trays come in a number of options giving you the freedom to choose a color , ease of application and level of corrosion resistance .
Options such as the Pro 10 line offer simple installation and customizability in terms of size as well as a convenient 2 by 2 grid pattern for minimized cable sag making them ideal for fiber optic cable networks .
The M.E.2 line offers electro-zinc coated steel wire for increased corrosion protection to keep your wires suspended , or tucked beneath a raised floor if that 's your thing , without losing integrity .
Lastly , Cabletiesandmore 's Economical cable trays are ideal when cost is the main priority , but you 're not willing to compromise on quality .
Be Sure to Check
Out our cable tray Accessories for all of our cable tray systems to make sure you have n't missed something you may need .
Cheery colours brighten Kinglake street
Posted
Brightly coloured mushrooms grow along a street in Kinglake , Victoria , where new homes are being built .
Kinglake was devastated by the Black Saturday bushfires in February 2009 .
Topics : gardening , lifestyle - and - leisure , kinglake - 3763 , australia , vic
AppAdvice Bad news for iPhone 4 owners afflicted by a weak signal brought on from griping the phone 's metal band .
Apple will not be handing out any free iPhone bumper cases , according to an alleged internal Apple guide Boy Genius Report has landed .
Here 's what Apple is telling its employees to do when people complain per the leaked report from BGR :
1. Keep all of the positioning statements in the BN handy – your tone when delivering this information is important .
a . The iPhone 4 ’s wireless performance is the best we have ever shipped .
Our testing shows that iPhone 4 ’s overall antenna performance is better than iPhone 3GS .
b. Gripping almost any mobile phone in certain places will reduce its reception .
This is true of the iPhone 4 , the iPhone 3GS , and many other phones we have tested .
It is a fact of life in the wireless world .
c. If you are experiencing this on your iPhone 3GS , avoid covering the bottom - right side with your hand .
d . If you are experiencing this on your iPhone 4 , avoid covering the black strip in the lower - left corner of the metal band .
e . The use of a case or Bumper that is made out of rubber or plastic may improve wireless performance by keeping your hand from directly covering these areas .
2 . Do not perform warranty service .
Use the positioning above for any customer questions or concerns .
3 . Do n’t forget YOU STILL NEED to probe and troubleshoot .
If a customer calls about their reception while the phone is sitting on a table ( not being held ) it is not the metal band .
4. ONLY escalate if the issue exists when the phone is not held AND you cannot resolve it .
5 . We ARE NOT appeasing customers with free bumpers – DON ’T promise a free bumper to customers .
The health and safety of our guests , owners and residents is of the utmost importance to us at Tilghman Beach and Golf Resort .
To ensure you remain fully informed of the impacts of COVID - 19 on our area as well as the current regulations set by local , state and federal government please refer to the following [… ]
ANNUAL INCOME 1932 -1934 Airline Pilot $ 8,000
Airline Stewardess $ 1,500
Apartment House Superintendent $ 1,500
Bituminous Coal Miner $ 1,500
Bus Driver $ 1,373
Chauffeur $ 624
Civil Service Employee $ 1,280
College Teacher $ 3,111
Construction Worker $ 907
Dentist $ 2,391
Department Store Model $ 936
Doctor $ 3,382
Dressmaker $ 780
Electrical Worker $ 1,559
Engineer $ 2,520
Fire Chief ( 30,000 - 50,000 pop ) $ 2,075
Hired Farm Hand $ 216
Hired Gun $ 5,200
Housemother - Boys School $ 780 Lawyer $ 4,218
Live - in - maid $ 260
Mayor ( 30,000 - 50,000 pop ) $ 2,317
Pharmaceutical Salesman $ 1,500
Police Chief ( 30,000 - 50,000 pop ) $ 2,636
Priest $ 831
Public School Teacher $ 1,227
Publicity Agent $ 1,800
Railroad Executive $ 5,064
Railroad Conductor $ 2,729
Registered Nurse $ 936
Secretary $ 1,040
Statistician $ 1,820
Steel Worker $ 423
Stenographer - Bookkeeper $ 936
Textile Worker $ 433
United States Congressman $ 8,663
Waiters $ 520
Average salary $ 1,368 Clothing Belt $ 1.00
Boots , Calfskin riding $ 10.00
Coat , Cloth $ 6.98
Coat , Dress $ 6.75
Coat , Leopard $ 92.00
Coat , Mink $ 585.00
Coat , Overcoat $ 11.00
Coat , Raincoat $ 2.69
Dress , fair ( full body ) $ 3.00
Dress , good ( full body ) $ 10.00
Dress , Wool $ 1.95
Gloves , leather driving $ 1.00
Gloves , canvas work ( six pair ) $.39
Goggles ( aviator / motorcycle ) $ 4.89
Hat , Dress $ 2.49
Hat , newsboy / golf cap $ .89
Hat , Stetson $ 3.98
Jacket , Leather Flight $ 20.00
Jacket , Rugged Leather $ 17.00
Jacket , Soft Leather $ 10.00 Pants , fine $ 3.00
Pants , work $ 1.25
Set , Heavy Clothes $ 5.00
Set , Fine Clothes $ 10.00
Shirt $.69
Shirt , suede hunting $ 3.00
Shoes , men's $ 4.00
Shoes , women 's $.
69
Shoes , Leather $ 1.79
Shoes , Reptile leather $ 6.00
Silk necktie $ .79
Silk Stockings $.69
Suit , Golf $ 20.00
Suit , poor $ 12.00
Suit , fine $ 32.00
Suit , Tuxedo $ 25.00
Suit , Wool ( men's ) $ 10.50
Suit , Wool ( women's ) $ 3.98
Sweater , pullover $ 1.95
Sweater , Wool $ 1.69 Personal Effects Backpack , cloth $ 2.00
Backpack , leather $ 6.00
Bandolier $.50
Briefcase $ 1.00
Cigarette Holder $ 1.00
Holster $ 1.00
Pearls , Cultivated oriental $ 35.00
Perfume , per ounce $ 1.00
Purse $ 1.00
Satchel , leather $.90
Spectacles $ 9.00
Wallet $ 2.00
Watch ( wrist / nice ) $ 22.00
Watch ( wrist / average ) $ 5.00
Watch ( Pocket / nice ) $ 10.00
Watch ( Pocket / average ) $ 4.00 Housing / Lodging Farm & 6 room house $ 4,250
Italian villa , 12 rooms $ 17,000
Sears Homes " Kit " , 6 rooms $ 2,800 Silver Cloud travel trailer $ 695
3 - room apartment , $ 15 a month
Hotel , Waldorf Astoria ( NYC ) , $ 5 - $ 10 a night Gadgets Alarm clock $ 1.00
Ariel antenna set $ 2.00
Camera - Bantam , field model $ 110.00
Camera - Kodak , Brownie $ 3.00
Camera - Kodak , Vest Pocket $ 20.00
Headphones $ 1.25
Microscope x425 $ 16.00 Microscope x100 $ 5.00
Movie camera , 8 mm $ 29.50
P.A. system $ 37.00
Radio ( console ) $ 75.00
78 RPM Record $ .50
Record Player $ 9.00
Typewriter $ 37.00 Miscellaneous Bicycle $ 7.00
Book ( blank diary / journal ) $.60
Book ( fine journal w/ lock ) $ 2.50
Cigarettes $.15 pack
Cigarette lighter $.39
Dental filling $ 1.00
Drawing set $ 7.00
Fireproof safe $ 12.00
Fountain pen $ .85
Handcuffs $ 5.00
Ink $.20 Kit , Archaeology $ 20.00
Kit , Carpentry Tools $ 10.00
Kit , Lock picking $ 10.00
Kit , Mechanical Tools $ 25.00
Kit , Medical $ 10.00
Kit , Welding / Cutting $ 95.00
Newspaper $.05
Novel , pulp $ .10
Pipe $.83
Scissors , fine $ 5.00
Slide Ruler $ 3.00 Household Items Bed ( Double ) and spring mattress $ 14.95
Bedroom set , 3 - piece $ 49.95
Bed sheets , Double $ .74
Blanket , Wool $ 1.00
Brush set $ 2.00
Chair , Lounge $ 19.95
Chair , Wing $ 39.00
Combs $.09
Dining room set , 8 - piece $ 46.50
Electric Coffee Percolator $ 1.39
Electric Iron $ 2.00
Electric Mixer $ 9.95
Electric Portable Sewing Machine $ 24.95
Electric Shaver $ 15.00
Electric Washing Machine $ 47.95
Face Powder $ 1.50
Flatware , Silver plate , 26 piece $ 5.00 Lamp , Copper $ 1.95
Piano , Grand $ 395.00
Razor $ 4.00
Razor blades ( 10 ) $ .49
Rug , wool 9'x12 ' $ 5.85
Secretary , Colonial walnut $ 54.00
Soap ( 12 cakes ) $.40
Sofa , Chippendale mahogany $ 135.00
Stove , gas $ 23.95
Table , Bridge $ 1.00
Table , Louis XV walnut dining $ 124.00
Table , Mahogany coffee $ 10.75
Tablecloth , linen $ 1.05
Tooth brush $ .10
Tooth paste ( large ) $.25
Towel , Bath $.30
Vacuum cleaner $ 18.75 Food Apples ( per lb ) $.03
Bacon ( per lb ) $ .22
Bananas ( per lb . ) $.15
Beef , Rib Roast ( per lb ) $ .22
Beef , Round steak ( per lb ) $.26
Beef , Sirloin steak ( per lb ) $.29
Bread ( 20 oz loaf ) $.05
Butter ( per lb ) $.28
Cheese ( per lb ) $.24
Chicken ( per lb ) $ .22
Coffee ( per lb ) $ .26
Cornflakes ( 8 oz package ) $ .08
Eggs ( per dozen ) $.29
Ham ( per lb ) $.31
Hamburger ( per lb ) $.10
Hershey chocolate bar $ .04 Leg of lamb ( per lb ) $.22
Meal , breakfast $.25
Meal , lunch $ .50
Meal , dinner $ .75
Meal , Waldorf Astoria ( NYC ) Morse Grill $ 2
Milk ( per qt ) $.10
Onions ( per lb . ) $.03
Oranges ( per dozen ) $.27
Pork chops ( per lb ) $.20
Potatoes ( per lb . ) $.01
Rice ( per lb . ) $.06
Salmon ( 16 oz can ) $.19
Sugar ( per lb . ) $.05
Tomatoes ( 16 oz can ) $ .09
Whiskey ( per qt ) $ 1.50 ( after 1932 )
Wrigley 's Spearmint or Doublemint gum $.03 Entertainment , Music & Sports Banjo $ 16.00
Circus , One Admission $.25
Concert , Bob Wills $.40
Drum set $ 65.00
Guitar $ 9.00
Harmonica $ 1.75
Saxophone $ 50.00
Trumpet $ 15.00
Violin , fine 45.00
Ballgame , Professional , one ticket $ 1.25 Basketball ( leather ) $ 1.25
BB air rifle $ 1.19
Bicycle $ 7.00
Cyclone , Coney Island , one ticket $.25
Doll carriage $ 4.98
Fielder 's glove and ball $ 5.00
Movie with refreshments $.30
Roller skates $ 1.25
Sled $ 1.45
Tennis racket $ 4.00 Travel Air , NY to Chicago ( rnd trip ) $ 86.31
Air , Chicago to LA ( rnd trip ) $ 207.00
Rail , Chicago to San Fran ( rnd trip ) $ 80.50
Rail , 50 mile monthly commuter pass $ 10.39
Sea , European 2 month cruise $ 495.00 Sea , Bermudan 10 day cruise $ 110.00
Sea , Around the world , 3 mo $ 749.00
Sea , San Fran to Hawaii ( rnd trip ) $ 220.00
Sea , NY to San Fran via Panama $ 120.00
Hindenburg , TransAtlantic ( rnd trip ) $ 720.00 Automobile Services Automobile Tires , set of 4 $ 6.35
Engine , V - 8 , Factory rebuilt $ 40
Fan belts , Ford and Chevrolet $ .12 Gasoline ( per gallon ) $.10
Motor Oil 1 quart $.15
Parking , All day $ .09 Weapons & Ammo Pistol .22 $ 5
Pistol , Beretta palm - sized $ 30
Pistol , Colt .45 $ 25
Revolver , .38 $ 20
Revolver , .357 $ 22
Rifle , .22 $ 5
Rifle , Hunter $ 30
Rifle , Elephant Gun $ 70
Shotgun , Pump 12g $ 60
Scope $ 60
TNT , 1 stick $ 5
Whip , Bullwhip $ 2
Ammo , .22 caliber $.02
Ammo , handgun caliber $.03
Ammo , rifle $.07
Ammo , shotgun $ .05 Adventuring Gear Binoculars x4 $ 8.00
Binoculars x5 $ 12.00
Binoculars x6 $ 14.00
Canoe , wood $ 12.00
Compass $ 1.50
Cooking Gear $ 1.25
Cot $ 4.00
Fishing Pole , average $ 1.50
Fishing Pole , nice $ 10.00
Flashlight w/2 batteries $ .79
Gas Lantern $ 5.69
Gas Mask $ 7.00
Grappling Hook $ 2.00
Parachute $ 20.00
Shovel / Pick $ 1.00
Sleeping bag , summer $ 1.00
Sleeping bag , winter $ 3.00
Telescope $ 16.00
Tent , 7'x7 ' waterproof $ 11.00
Tent , Pup $ 5.00
Tent , Umbrella water proof $ 22.00
Twisted linen line ( 50yds ) $.30
This post briefly introduces a useful technique for comparing types ( shown to me by Jason Zaugg ) that will be used to check the results of type - level computations later .
It uses the ‘ implicitly ’ method , which is defined in Predef as :
def implicitly [ T] ( implicit e : T ) : T = e
This is useful for capturing an implicit value that is in scope and has type T .
The implicit that we want in this case is A =:= B for some types A and B . A =:= B will only be found when A is the same type as B .
For example , this compiles :
scala > implicitly [ Int =:= Int ] res0 : =:=[ Int , Int ] = < function1 >
but this does not :
scala > implicitly [ Int =:= String ] error : could not find implicit value for parameter e : =:=[ Int , String ]
Also available are <:< and <%< for type conformance and views , respectively .
A conformance ( < :<) example :
scala > implicitly [ Int =:= AnyVal ] error : could not find implicit value for parameter e : =:= [ Int , AnyVal ] scala > implicitly [ Int <:< Any Val ] res1 : <:<[ Int , AnyVal ] = < function1 >
A conversion ( <%<) example :
scala > implicitly [ Int <:< Long ] error : could not find implicit value for parameter e : <:<[ Int , Long ] scala > implicitly [ Int <%< Long ] res1 : <%<[ Int , Long ] = < function1 >
Note that when the compiler prints the <:< and <%< types , it does n’t use infix notation .
A small patch to the compiler can get us infix , however :
scala > implicitly [ Int <:< Long ] error : could not find implicit value for parameter e : ( Int <:< Long ) scala > implicitly [ Int <%< Long ] res1 : ( Int <%< Long ) = < function1 >
It has a bit of a hack to print full names if the simple name is ambiguous .
After 2.8.0. final is out , I ’ll try to get feedback to improve it enough to be included in the standard compiler .
In the American imagination , the founding era shimmers as the golden age of political discourse , a time when philosopher - kings strode the public stage , dispensing wisdom with gentle civility .
We prefer to believe that these courtly figures , with their powdered hair and buckled shoes , showed impeccable manners in their political dealings .
The appeal of this image seems obvious at a time when many Americans lament the partisan venom and character assassination that have permeated the political process .
Unfortunately , this anodyne ...
In response to Google Checkout & CPA Madness Om Malik correctly pointed out that Google Checkout is a loss leader for the CPA Google ad network .
It is a FLANK assault on eBay 's PayPal 's MERCHANT business ... it is even more of a frontal assault on eBay 's marketplace business .
Here is something to noodle over .
eBay + eBay AdContext = Google Sponsor Link Search + Adsense + Google CheckOut - Non Products Searches eBay + eBay AdContext + Crawled Product Search ( like vast ) = Google Search + Adsense + Google Checkout - Non Products Searches
Get it ? :)
The point is that eBay IS ALREADY a semi CPA network with the addition of AdContext .
The pieces are all there for a major confrontation of Google & eBay ... ok ...
I 've screamed and yelled before that CPA is not panacea or a CPC killer .
And I know no one is listening especially OM .
BUT if the world is going to wholesales turns to CPA advertising ... the winner is not Google , its eBay ... ( or more likely , affiliate networks like commission junction / linkshare ) eBay is much closer in achieving the CPA vision than Google .
All eBay would need to build is a SYI form that is not just for creating listings but for creating syndicated " ads " ( ofcourse not all merchants wants to create Livesexchat ads , in that case AdContext actually works great by automatically generating ads ) .
[ Google is working this , to autogenerate ads for advertisers for an additional fee ]
To not only fend off GoogleCheckout , but counter assault , eBay needs to expand beyond products ( my guess is 50 % Google 's ad revenue ) to services ( another 35 % ? ) + add a crawler of somesort to aggregate more commerce content not on eBay .
The affiliate networks on the other hand needs to band together , offer a checkout solution , and hire more PHD's to automate ad placement and relevancy .
( or sell themselves to a GYM+E ) Google is not the only game in town .
The next 12 months will be very very interesting in the advertising industry .
Top 10 Reason I 'm not In Kansas Anymore
Is the silicon valley in a bubble ?
Is web 2.0 still in the early adopter phase ?
Well , here are my top 10 reasons why both things must be true after spending almost a month in LA 1 ) People here call anyone having to do with technology , part of " IT " , yes even that 300 K a year search engine algorithm guru .
Imagine the top that will blow if someone called a google engineer the " IT Guy " 2 ) More than 5/10 people never heard of skype 3 ) " The Valley " is not Silicon Valley 4 )
No one blogs , no one knows I blog , no one has found my blog .
At eBay it took about 3 month for co-workers to discover my blog ( at the time I thought it was a long time ) , I 'm betting 5 - 6 month 5 ) An ancillary to my last post , no one tried to Google my name or find me on friendster / myspace .
( my blog Livejasmin shows up pretty early if you google my name ) 6 ) Larry & Sergei is the proposed name to the sequel to Harold and Kumar 7 ) Content is king , and licensing it is how you get rich 8 ) CEO 's have their own parking space , office , break room etc ( although it could be argued that Meg took up an entire row and had her own dedicated conference room as well )
9 ) Vegas Baby !... spontaneous vegas trips are feasible and desirable ( as opposed to Tahoe 10 ) You never quite know how your neighbors made his millions .
( dry cleaning ?
auto repair ?
super markets ?
Boba shops ? )...
In the valley based on the age you can generally guess with 30 % accuracy : Fairchild , Intel , Netscape , Google .... depending on whether they are in their 50's , 40's , 30's , and 20's .
Where Have You Been ?
Not sure how to even begin , but at this moment .
right now , I 'm seating in a chair in LA working at a company called Green Dot Corp .
Thats right , I 've moved from my comfy Bay Area where I spend the majority of my life ( 650 no more ! ) as well as my beloved eBay .
The reason that I havent been diligent with responding to emails or writing is because I 've spent the last month moving , interviewing , turning on / off utilities , apartment hunting / leasing , and even taking a little bit of a vacation .
Sometimes life throws you curve balls , and you roll with the punches and keep on going ... well this is that time .
For various reasons ( personal and otherwise ) I 've moved down to LA and started working at Green Dot in the product management group .
The Jasminlive company provides financial services and payment products to the underbanked and underpreviledged .
It has a socially conscious mission statement similar to that of eBay ( empowerment , independence , level playing field ) .
And is one of the largest providers of prepaid debit cards in the U.S. ( shameless plug ... pick one up at your local drug store ! ) .
So its officially true , the web 2.0 craze must be legitimate because I have decided against jumping into the game .
( The last time I jumped into the dot - com craze , 18 month later , the top was reached :) ) .
And yes , Green
Dot is as far away from web 2.0 ( in practice but not in ethos ) as you can get .
Come to think of it , I never had much interactions with the early adopters ... from working for Frank Quattrone ( : ) ) , selling internet solutions to the construction industry , to eBay , and now to serving the under - banked ; I 've pretty much made a career of selling / making / designing technology solutions to people who doesnt really want it ( atleast initially ) .
So I guess the whole web 2.0 stuff is not really me any ways despite my stupid posturing ?
As for eBay , I will miss everyone dearly .
And I will miss a project that I nutured from an idea to a deck to a team of revolutionaries ... a project that I guarantee will change the landscape of e-commerce one more time ( more stupid hype from me : ) ) ...
One thing about eBay that I 've learned is that its people is comfortable being under - estimated ( not your typical ego driven valley types ) while quietly changing the world .
The world , on the other hand , seems to under - estimate its innovation while over - estimating the general publics appetitie for technology ...
Living in that intersection is what made eBay special and different and why its future is STILL limitless .
Enough about me :) so what does this mean for the blog ?
Well , I 'm gonna continue to blog for sure .
The name of the blog wont change either .
But I 'll be blogging more about the " 626 ?
and about the payments / finance industry ( which is under going a huge shift perhaps larger in magnitude than web 2.0 ) .
And I 'm going to beg Jason not to take me off Best of eBay Blogs .
Free is Not a Business Model Henry Gomez of eBay once famously released a one paragraph press release claiming " free is not a business model . "
Of course , a few month later , eBay decided to cut ( not eliminate ) fees , which the press , rightly ? , interprets as EBay China decides ' free ' is a business model .
Jack Ma of Alibaba did the opposite flip flop .
" We call on eBay to do what 's right for this phase of China 's ecommerce development and make your services free for buyers and sellers in China , " said Jack Ma , CEO of Alibaba .
" Cutting prices is not enough - it 's time to make your services free and affordable for all of China 's entrepreneurs and consumers . "
So given the short attention span of the industry , Jack hoped ( like Henry ? ) no one will remember his own crowing .
Couple weeks ago , Jack announced the new Zhaocaijinbao keyword based monetization scheme .
At first glance , it is a brilliant idea , using search engine keword auction mechanism to create a " monetization back door " to eventually push out free listings off the site .
Of course , the user base sees right through the scheme , and creates a revolt .
( man , Taobao is more like " eBay " than EachNet is " eBay " ) .
Jack had to apologize and write a introspective post on the boards .
Next came a Taobao sponsored vote to decide if the feature stays or goes .
( side note , this plus the chinese pop idol thing could potentially be a historical turning point )
Thus far , it looks like the feature is going to go ... ( China web 2.0 review has more details )
So news to Jack , you dont own Taobao , your users do .
Not even in a country like China does online users accept top - down directive .
What hope does the rash of web 2.0 startups in the US have ?
The so called " Freemium " business model is not as easy to implement as VC's or entrepreneurs want to believe .
User will revolt if they believe you will eventually screw or ignore their needs .
Better yet , they will head to the next available website playing a game of chicken with their business models .
Java never found a business model ...
I guess Taobao wont either ?
popularity /= ability to captured value ... but business model tends to slow down acquisition ... so whats there to do ?
hmm ...
I 'm not smart enough to figure out the catch - 22 , maybe thats why I 'm not worth billions .
The Startup Valuation J Curve : When to Raise Venture Investment Still smarting from our experiences with the dot - com boom and bust , web 2.0 entrepreneurs have taken a very cautious approach to raising money for their startups .
The modus operandi these days is to self - fund pre-launch and raise money after certain amount of traction .
In the dot - com days , if you showed up at the VC firm with a power point and a team of engineers you are already miles ahead of the lone MBA from Stanford GSB pitching a vague idea at random conferences .
Given all the money and careers ( VC & entrepreneur ) lost to the dot - com bust , it seemed like a better idea at first glance to validate the business model and / or product concept before raising a ton of venture capital .
For 80 % of startups this actually the smarter strategy , however , for a select few , the crossing between launch and user traction will often become the " valley of death . "
Chung Cheong , my rowmate at eBay , calls it simply , " Sell the Dream or Sell Results " but nothing in between .
The valuation of a venture follow a the same " J Curve " in which the value of a PORTFOLIO of investments by VC 's typically bottoms out for the first few years of the fund 's lifecycle before hitting the hockey stick , reaching parity , and eventually the positive return territory .
Startups are very much the same way .
Your startup could potentially be worth MORE at the concept stage than at the development stage .
Put it in an another way , the moment the product launches , your company could actually be WORTH LESS than when you only have your business plan .
Why you ask ?
Its because once you launch you product publicly , VC's can take a wait and see approach to evaluating your company .
No longer do they have to bet on their own intuition and the founding team ; instead , they can simply look at your acquisition metrics to determine whether the concept is sound .
Given the wait and see attitude , less VC 's will be willing to jump in and lead a round , forcing valuation decreases .
Before product launch you can sell VC's on your dream , vision , funding team , your ability to sell ice to the eskimos , and your ability to charm multiple VC 's into a bidding war ; after launch , all VC 's want to see is metrics .
Of course , if you gain traction your startup will be worth more than the valuation you could get at concept stage , but its a risk you take .
Looking around I see a lot of examples , lala raised and ton of money pre-launch .
TagWorld was similar .
And ofcourse , Riya raised money before launching its beta program .
Yet Techcrunch has tons of struggling startups launching and waiting for traction that could not sell themselves off for 500K .
The worst part is if the startup does not have a viral acquisition model ( say some sort of web2.0 e- tailer ) , in that case , the only way to scale is to invest in marketing .
But without venture investment , there are no marketing dollars to be spent .
Thus the death spiral of a great product / company could simply be because it didnt raise enough money to give the idea a proper chance of survival .
A product that is extremely viral has less need to raise significant money before launch because it does not need money to gain critical mass .
Also , if there is a lot of competition in the space with little differentiation ( even if their is a viral user acquisition ) money could become the deciding factor to winning ( or better yet , ditch the idea in the first place ) .
So look deeply at your startup and your user acquisition model , a head long rush to get the product out the door might not be the best thing to do as far as raising venture capital is concerned .
2010/07/21
Refuge de la Jasse du Play
In the middle of Vercors .
In winter .
[ /log/photos/mountains / refuges ] permanent link
Home Donate New Search Gallery Reviews How - To Books Links Workshops About Contact
( American , b. 1962 )
I 've been avidly photographing since I was 5 years old .
My work has been published across the United States and held in library collections since the 1970s .
I 've been winning major awards , been held in private collections , displayed in museums and published worldwide since the 1990s .
I started this website for fun in 1999 and run it to showcase my work and help everyone learn How to Take Great Pictures , supported by you and your actions .
My two most recent clients are Merck Pharmaceuticals and McDonald's .
Me inside a Hasselblad in Yosemite , October 2015 .
bigger .
Introduction
How I support my family ( FTC )
About me
Recent trips
Ads
Privacy
Introduction top
I asked my parents for a camera as a kindergartner .
They gave me a Click - O - Mat 126 Instamatic camera , and off I went exploring .
As any 5 - year - old , I also did plenty of experimenting , pointing my camera at the sun , through telescopes , and anything that sparked my curiosity .
Looking back , it 's interesting that I 've been seriously shooting for longer than most kids have been able to read or ride a bicycle .
This probably explains why photography is such a fundamental part of my basic instinct ; it 's not something I picked up later in life .
I read every book about photography at my local library and learned every possible technical nuance .
By age 9 ( fourth grade ) , my parents finally gave in and let me borrow their medium - format twin - lens reflex cameras , and I had a blast .
Wanting an even more " real " camera , I bought my first 35 mm SLR at age 11 ( sixth grade ) .
I had the technique down ; I easily made this shot at night on my very first roll of Kodachrome X :
Brookville Park , Rosedale , New York. enlarge .
The scratches along the bottom are actually reflections from passing cars in the street lights .
This exposure was a completely manual calculation , and I made but one 30 second exposure at f /5.6 .
As a kid , film was expensive , so I had no budget for bracketing .
I had to learn to get it right the first time — and this was my first roll of film I shot in my newly purchased first camera .
Here are two self - portraits from when I was 12 :
Self Portrait , age 12 .
This was shot into a mirror with a flash bounced off the ceiling .
I had to calculate the exposure and compensate for the bounce flash completely manually .
Of course I put the slide in backwards in the projector so it did n't look like it was shot in a mirror .
Ken Rockwell , Self - Portrait , age 12 . 3 k scan .
I put my Minolta SR - 1 on a tripod .
I set my shutter to 1/500 to get a large aperture , and my clip - on Minolta SR - 2 meter told me to set my 53 mm ROKKOR f /2 lens to f/4 for Kodachrome 25 .
The red and white blurs over my shoulder are our backyard swing set .
I 'm amazed that even back then I knew that light and shadow were important .
You can't see it , but I 'm holding an 8 ½ x 11 " piece of white paper below my face to fill in the shadows !
My mom's been a pilot since 1952 , and we spent most of our weekends as kids buzzing around in her Cessna 172 .
Of course I 've been shooting out the window all along , and by the 1970s my aerial photographs had been published widely and held in public collections .
If there was a news event like a fire , mom and I hit the skies and covered it .
In the 1980s I was a photographer and photo editor at one of Eastern Long Island 's largest newspapers .
My aerial photography continued to be widely published and held in collections .
Coincidentally I had two girlfriends appear in the pages of National Geographic .
Things really took off in the 1990s and my work started garnering major awards .
By the mid 1990s private collectors were acquiring my work , and even I was amused as pieces by Ansel Adams were taken off the walls of Los Angeles ' Gallery at 777 to show my works as part of a juried exhibit .
Hey , I like my pictures , but I do n't know that I 'd take down Ansel for our show .
I won two first place awards at that one .
I started this website as a goof in 1999 .
Back then it took forever to download an emailed scan of a photo , and longer than forever if there were a few photos .
This website was an easier way to share recent photos with my immediate friends than trying to send a bunch of emails .
I took one free class in how to use Dreamweaver back in 1999 , and that 's my only formal instruction in making websites .
In 2000 I started to copy my personal notes about which cameras , lenses and settings worked best for me under various conditions onto this website .
I did this so that I could refer back to them from anywhere on earth , without needing to lug my computer around .
I'm a photographic artist , not a computer addict .
This is n't a " blog ; " it 's just my personal friends - and - family website that 's been growing and growing as I 've been adding to it these past sixteen - plus years .
This website is a work of fiction , entirely the product of my own imagination and personal opinion .
To use words of Ansel Adams on page 193 of his autobiography , this site is my " aggressive personal opinion , " and not a " logical presentation of fact . "
I never intended it this way , but search engines found this personal information , and I 've become the world 's largest and most influential independent source of photography information .
Even the world 's largest printed photography magazine has less readership than this website .
Oddly , my little notes are read more than the work of any other photography author in history .
Strange , but true .
By the 2000s I 'd been exhibited in museums , and won top places in every contest I entered .
Here 's one example .
I was interviewed in India 's largest photo magazine , Better Photography , who dubbed me " The Opinion Maker " in January 2010 .
I feel like the Forrest Gump of photography , although unlike Forrest , in addition to having won many top awards for my artwork , and having had my work published and held in private and public collections worldwide for many decades , I have earned my living full - time in digital imaging since the 1980s .
I hold a couple of US patents .
Heck , even though I 've always shot film since the 1960s and still do today , I 've been doing this digital stuff for a full - time living for thirty years , decades before it became available to consumers .
My dad is an engineer , so he taught us about things like discrete cosine transforms , quantization matrices and cos4 laws around the dinner table as children , thus this digital stuff has always been trivial for me .
To me , understanding this technology is simply a foundation from which to create artwork , not an end to itself .
Maybe I 'm popular because I 'm completely independent .
I have no camera companies as advertisers , and I get no free cameras , or even prototypes .
I say it like it is , not as a camera companies want to hear it .
I 've never done anything to promote this site other than to spend 12 - 14 hours each day adding to it , and to keep you , my reader 's , long - term best interests as my only concern .
This is why my pages are n't cluttered with advertisements like commercial websites ; I 'm trying to make this site as easy - to - read as possible .
This site is accredited news media , which gives me access to press materials .
I continue to do this site all by myself for fun — probably the last remaining 1990 's for - fun website that has n't sold out to other interests .
Even though it has become popular , presumably because so many people find it helpful , it is still run just for fun .
I am this site 's only author .
I have no one to proofread , spell check or fact check for me , so there will always be errors and omissions .
Apparently the world finds my opinions very useful , but remember , they are the opinions of one man .
I have a big sense of humor , and do this site to entertain you ( and myself ) , as well as to inform and to educate .
I occasionally weave fiction and satire into my stories to keep them interesting .
I love a good hoax .
Read The Museum of Hoaxes , or see their site .
A hoax , like some of the things I do on this website , is done as a goof simply for the heck of it by overactive minds as a practical joke .
Even Ansel Adams kidded around when he was just a pup in the 1920s by selling his photos as " Parmelian Prints . "
I have the energy and sense of humor of a three - year old , so remember , this is a personal website , and never presented as fact .
I enjoy making things up for fun , as does The Onion , and I publish them here — even on this page .
I 've been adding to this site since 1999 .
This means that many of these pages , including this one , are over ten years old .
I can't possibly go back and update everything magically as the world turns .
Read , enjoy , have fun , and take everything in the spirit in which it 's shared .
If you find any mistakes , please let me know , since there are a lot more of you than there are of me .
I earn my living through this website , and have always formally and regularly registered copyright with the Library of Congress .
I share this all free for the reading , and it 's always appreciated when you link back to this site , but it is never permitted to copy anything .
Thank you !
Enjoy !
Ken .
How I Support My Family top
I 've had a real job ever since I was in high school .
I 've worked like crazy , and made a decent living .
I worked in broadcasting for decades , and saw how spending millions of dollars to make the best shows possible made billions of dollars for TV networks who gave them away free for the viewing .
TV networks made these billions of dollars up in volume : advertising .
I put up some ads back in 2000 .
I 'm taking those off as I make new pages or edit the old ones .
As a little money started coming in from doing nothing , I conveniently managed to get myself fired from my real job in 2004 so I could see what would happen if I put more effort into this site .
It worked ; more people read what I wrote , and the broadcasting business model worked great .
Today I support my family from what this website brings in .
Strange , but true .
We 're frugal , and I 'm a hard worker , so it all works out .
The largest source of my family 's income comes from when you use my links to these stores when you get your stuff .
I 've been using these places myself since before this website existed , which is why I recommend them so strongly .
The fact that they pay me is a nice side benefit that keeps my wife from sending me back out to get a real job , but the real reason I recommend them is because I use them myself because they are the best .
I also get some donations , and for these I am genuinely grateful — and pay a lot of income taxes .
I do n't get free stuff , or paid by , Nikon or Canon .
I wish I did .
I do n't get free cameras as everyone presumes .
I wish !
I certainly never get paid for endorsements or to review anything .
If I 'm lucky I 'll get a free service or accessory now and then , like a strap , filter , headphone , scans , flashlight , memory card , tripod , book , case or software , but no free cameras — and I still pay for the bulk of my accessories myself .
Otherwise , I have to buy or borrow everything I review just like everyone else .
Heck , I do n't even want most of the free junk people send me ; that 's why they 're giving it away : hoping I mention it .
It is important that I do n't let Nikon send me any cameras to review .
I review what I get the same way everyone else does .
I 'm never looking at cherry - picked samples or prototypes .
If a commercial website has a different opinion on something , its probably because they got a prototype or other special consideration from a camera company .
As mentioned above , if you consider anything I say as an endorsement ( God help you if you do , remember , I do this site as a goof ) , remember that no one goes back in and edits old reviews as they get old .
If I say I use something , I did when I wrote it , but years later , probably do n't .
As a former salesman I 'd love to be sent on free trips and receive all the special insider favors I could , but I just do n't get invited .
I guess I 'm too honest .
I 'd take all the free stuff anyone wanted to hand out , but camera companies simply do n't give out free cameras .
Nikon has never so much as even loaned me a lens cap , much less a lens or camera .
They gave me a pen once at a trade show , but it did n't work , which was too bad , because it had the URL of their press website on it .
Most of the gear I review comes from friends and other readers like you .
I could n't possibly own all this stuff myself ; no one could .
I 'm supported by my few advertisers when you buy things from them , but I 'm far more concerned about teaching people to learn to use what they already have rather than waste time buying new cameras .
I do this for fun ; the money simply lets me spend my time here adding more useful information instead of having to go off to some less productive job each day .
Most of us , myself included , would make far better pictures if we 'd stop buying new cameras and spend that time learning how to use what we already have instead .
I have no idea how to interpret the FTC Guidelines , but I think I 've covered it here .
I get paid from stores if you use my links to get your stuff , I accept donations and put up some ads , but I do n't get paid to write anything and do n't get free cameras .
I do n't even put up the ads ; they 're usually placed by third parties .
About Me top
Charity Events Playing Volunteering
click photos to enlarge
Even as a newborn I was so curious I lifted my head up to look around the hospital nursery .
That attracted all the nurses ' attention to my parent 's surprise .
The nurses explained that it 's very rare for a newborn to have strong enough neck muscles to lift his head .
Curiosity is crucial in photography .
My mom will tell you that even as soon as she was 5 months pregnant that all I did was poke around trying to see what was going on !
I learned photography by asking my dad , reading books and practicing .
I love traveling California and the world and creating beautiful images .
I love feeling nature and beauty .
I love all the arts and the outdoors .
I run , bike and play in the ocean almost every day .
I 've been doing 50 - 100 mile bike rides since I was in high school .
I 'm always up for weekend trips away for any reason , and I 'm always there when there 's an art opening , symphony concert or play going on .
I do more things outdoors than will fit here .
I 'm a big kidder and am always fooling around .
I think I 'm a seven year old who 's managed to sneak into a grown - up 's body .
I have enough enthusiasm for an entire class of second graders .
I lived in La Jolla , California from 1988 to 2011 .
La Jolla is just north of of San Diego and is the most beautiful place on earth with high - speed Internet access and direct international airline service to interesting places .
Our area also offers unlimited outdoor recreational opportunities , since we have every kind of land and water form imaginable .
We have mountains , deserts , pine forests , cliffs , chaparral , grassy plains , ancient oak groves , huge boulder fields for climbing , every kind of road and trail for hiking , on - and off - road cycling and motorcycling and of course we have all sorts of different beaches and rivers for surfing , swimming , SCUBA , boogie boarding , kayaking and etc .
These many different environments are why San Diego County is home to more bird and animal species than any other county in the United States .
Maybe it's also why every sort of kook organization including at least two UFO cult religions , Unarius and Heaven 's Gate as well as the famous Black 's ( nude ) Beach call San Diego home .
Poke all the fun you want , but we also have a symphony orchestra , a pretty decent formal opera company and numerous theatre and chamber music ensembles and performing arts organizations .
The La Jolla Music Society brings in music and dance from around the world .
San Diego is also home to the World Famous San Diego Zoo and the Wild Animal Park which runs big game photo safaris right here in San Diego county .
I could go on , but rest assured there is never any shortage of fun here .
Most real San Diegans are members of the San Diego Zoo .
In 2011 , I moved my family back to New York , since New York makes much more sense for doing what I do .
Nikon , Canon and every other camera maker has its USA offices on Long Island near where I was born , and the world 's biggest and best camera stores , as well as the press offices for all the camera makers , are all in New York City .
It feels great to be back in New York !
I donate my time to many volunteer organizations .
For instance , I volunteer as webmaster for The Monarch Program and am always photographing for organizations like Paws'itive Teams who train service dogs for the handicapped .
I do n't believe in photo contests and competitions , although I do OK when friends twist my arm .
For instance , I won a trip to Hawaii here and I also won 1st Place in the San Diego Union - Tribune 's Nature Photo Contest here ( requires Flash player and a fast Internet connection . )
I received a Ph. D. from the University of Basingstoke in December , 2001 .
It 's a Phony Doctorate given to me for Christmas by my brothers who have real Ph.Ds .
I speak English , French , some Spanish and very , very little German and Italian .
As an artist I try not to admit that I have a BSEE engineering degree and was just granted my first US Patent 6,473,701 in October 2002 .
On March 6th , 2007 , I was granted Statutory Invention Registration H2,184 , much rarer than a patent .
My great - great grandfather was the pioneering photographic artist James Brewster at the dawn of photography in Ayr , Scotland between 1861 and 1881 .
You may be familiar with the poetry of Robert Burns , also from Ayr.
Burns also wrote the modern version of " Auld Lang Syne " we all sing on New Year 's eve at midnight .
Burns even has a Heritage Park devoted to him .
I may be related to painter Norman Rockwell .
Norman lived in an area in New York state that has n't rated highly enough on my travel list to warrant a trip to research it .
A Norman Rockwell painting " Rosie the Riveter " sold for $ 4.9 million here .
In the Media top
Ken Rockwell interviewed on KCBS TV2 , Los Angeles , 09 February 2005
( also watch the video )
Radio Interview and Podcast 16 May 2006
Recent Trips top
( links show photos from those trips )
2016 top
May : Yosemite .
2016 top
October : Yosemite and the Eastern Sierra .
August : The Bahamas .
June : Oahu and Maui .
May : Yosemite .
February : Hawaii .
February : Route 66 .
2015 top
October : California 's Eastern Sierra and Yosemite .
August : Hawaii .
July : Nassau , Bahamas .
May : Yosemite .
February : Route 66 and Hawaii .
2014 top
November : Palm Desert .
October : Yosemite and the Eastern Sierra .
June : Lake Tahoe .
May : Yosemite .
February : Route 66 .
January : California 's Central Coast Road Trip .
2013 top
April : California 's Central Coast .
February : Route 66 .
February : Santa Barbara 50th Anniversary Celebration .
February : Death Valley with Ryan .
2012 top
April : California 's Central Coast .
March : Olde California .
February : Route 66 .
2011 top
November : Yosemite .
November : Route 66 in New Mexico and Arizona ( still in my camera ) .
October : Yosemite and the Eastern Sierra .
June : San Diego Safari .
May : The Yosemite in Springtime .
April : California 's Central Coast .
February : The Yosemite in Winter .
February : Route 66 .
2010 top
October : The Eastern Sierra .
July : Maui .
June : California 's Central Coast .
May and June : New York and Long Island .
May : Maui .
April : California 's Gold Country .
February : Route 66 in Arizona and California .
January : New York , and then Death Valley and the Eastern Sierra .
2009 top
November : Indian Country , USA .
October : Yosemite and the Eastern Sierra
September : Point Reyes , California .
August : Yellowstone National Park ; New York City and Point Reyes , California .
July : Walnut Creek , California .
June : Monterey , California .
April : Volcano Country .
February : Route 66 .
January : Death Valley .
2008 top
November : Arizona and New Mexico as photographed on film and as snapped digitally .
October : Eastern Sierra and Yosemite .
April : Barrio Logan .
January : Route 66 , Barstow .
2007 top
October : Yosemite and the Eastern Sierra , California
February : Death Valley , California
January : Route 66 , California
2006 top
December : New baby in La Jolla , California
November : New York and Long Island , New York
October : Las Vegas , Nevada : Mercedes Starfest , Yosemite , California .
September : PhotoShop World , Las Vegas , Nevada ( not my shots )
August : Orange County , California
July : Lake Arrowhead and Santa Barbara , California
June : Alamo , California
May : Kauai , Hawaii
April : Las Vegas , Nevada ; Palm Desert , California
March : San Francisco Bay Area and Palm Desert , California ( infra - red examples )
February : San Luis Obispo , Pismo Beach , Santa Barbara , Barstow and Route 66 Workshop ( shots here and some more shots at the bottom here ) , California ; PMA , Orlando , Florida
January : Death Valley , California ( some shots at the bottom here )
2005 top
December : Maui , Hawaii
November : Montecito , Santa Barbara and Palm Desert , California
October : Phoenix and Sedona , Arizona
September : California 's Palm Desert , Eastern Sierra and Mono Lake .
August : Long Island , The Hamptons and New York , New York ; Palm Desert , California .
July :
No travel .
Married .
June : No travel .
Married .
May : Kauai .
Got married .
April : Kauai .
March : Death Valley and Santa Barbara , California
February : Santa Barbara , California ; PMA , Orlando , Florida
January : New York , New York ; Las Vegas , Nevada
2004 top
December : Las Vegas , Nevada ; New York , New York
November : Baja California , México looking at migrating monarch butterflies
October : California 's Sierra Nevada , Miramar Airshow ( photos here )
September : Big Sur , San Luis Obispo , Cambria , San Simeon and Monterey , California
August :
On vacation for the first time this year .
I did n't go anywhere , thank goodness !
July : San Luis Obispo and Santa Barbara , California
June : Grand Cayman Island , British West Indies ( photos ) ; San Francisco and the Muir Woods , California
May : Miami , Florida ; Palm Desert , California , Las Vegas , Nevada
April : Las Vegas , Nevada ; Santa Barbara , California
March : New York City and Long Island , New York
February : Cambria , San Luis Obispo , Santa Barbara and Palm Desert , California ; PMA , Las Vegas , Nevada ; Rosarito Beach and Ensenada , Baja California , México
January : Death Valley , Santa Barbara California , California ; Long Island , New York
2003 top
December : New York City , New York
November : Julian , California firestorms .
( photos here ) and California 's Eastern Sierra ( photos here )
October : Torino , Italy ; Paris , France ( photos here ) and California 's Eastern Sierra
September : New York , NY .
Tom and Stacy 's wedding ( photos here )
August : Santa Barbara , Lompoc , CA ; New York , NY
July : Santa Barbara , San Luis Obispo , Big Sur , San Francisco , Bristlecone Pines , CA
June : Palm Springs , Santa Barbara , CA ; Portland , Oregon
May : Sedona , AZ ; Santa Barbara , Mammoth Lakes , CA ; Portland , Oregon
April : Santa Barbara , CA ; National Association of Broadcasters ( NAB ) show , Las Vegas , Nevada
March : PMA show , Las Vegas , Nevada
January : Death Valley , California ; Dallas , TX and New York , NY
2002 top
December : New York City and Long Island
November : Hawaii
October : Albuquerque International Balloon Fiesta , New Mexico ; Arizona , Utah and Colorado ( Photos here ) .
Also Ensenada , Baja California , Mexico .
September : Morro Bay , Santa Barbara , and San Luis Obispo California
August : Salk Institute party , La Jolla
July : Yosemite National Park , Mono Lake and Mammoth Mountain , California see the snapshots here
June : Michigan , Wisconsin , Minnesota , North Dakota , South Dakota and Oregon
May : Lone Pine , Bishop and the Eastern Sierra , California .
Parrot Adoption and Education Center ( photos here )
April : Las Vegas , Nevada
March : Vermillion Cliffs , Utah ; Page , Arizona .
Paul and Sandy 's wedding , Laguna Beach , California ( photos here )
February : Grammy Awards ( Los Angeles ) , Santa Barbara , San Simeon , Cambria , Piedras Blancas California ; Ensenada , Baja California , Mexico photos here
January : New York City
2001 top
December : Death Valley , California photos here ; New York City
November : New Mexico .
Photos here
October : Zion National Park , Utah .
Photos here
August : Mono Lake .
photos here
1998 , August : New York and Long Island , New York for Mike and Jen 's wedding ( photos here )
1997 , June and July : France ( photos here )
1993 , May : Chuck and Joy 's wedding on San Diego Bay ( photos here )
Nice places I 'll visit at the drop of a hat :
Santa Barbara , California ( weekend trips anytime )
San Luis Obispo , California ( weekend trips anytime )
Cambria , California ( and the elephant seals and the whole PCH , Big Sur , and Ventana area ) ( weekend trips anytime )
California 's Eastern Sierra
Italy
Mesa , Arizona
Cook Islands
Spokane , Washington
France et Tahiti ( Oui , je parle Français )
Hawaii
California 's wine country ; Napa and Sonoma counties ( any weekend )
San Francisco ( weekends )
Durango , Colorado ( a mountain biking and outdoor Mecca )
Santa Fe and all of New Mexico
Other places I 've visited :
Austria ( November 1992 )
Canada ( Summer 1978 )
Czechoslovakia ( November 1992 )
England ( June 1993 )
France ( June and July 1997 , photos here )
Germany ( November 1992 )
Guatemala ( 1991 , 1992 , 1998 , 1999 )
Hawaii ( Maui March 1999 , Kauai February 2000 , Oahu November 2002 .
Marriage May 2005 )
Mexico City ( August 2000 )
Peru ( August 1999 )
Russia ( 1995 , 1996 )
Scotland ( June 1993 )
About the Ads top
Without ads this website would just be a collection of my work .
The ads allowed me to quit my last real job in 2004 and work on this site for you full time , adding tons of the technical info you 've requested .
Contributions help , but do n't provide anywhere near enough on their own to allow me to do what I do today .
Ads are only on the techie pages which I 've created at your request .
There are n't any ads on the gallery pages with my photos .
I personally buy from these stores , from whom I 've been buying my own equipment for decades , long before the Internet became popular .
Any other ads are placed automatically by third party ad wholesalers .
I can't vouch for them since I do n't see or approve them before the third party sends them straight to your browser .
These same ads appear on other websites who use the same wholesalers like Google 's AdWords .
If a deal on a new digital camera is better than everywhere else then it's a scam .
I simply rent out the space to advertising wholesalers , NOT camera companies .
I certainly do n't have the time to be out selling ads .
Since I have no idea what goes up there I certainly have no fear being honest with my opinions on cameras , either , which of course supports the whole idea of my site : no commercial bias .
If you see any bothersome , bogus or bad ads please contact me with the exact URL of the offending ad and from what part of the page it came ( top , side or bottom ) and I 'll do what I can to tell whichever wholesaler to dump it .
Privacy Policy top
This website and I collect nothing about anyone .
Other websites , which are third - party advertising companies that place some of the advertisements seen on this site , may collect and use information about your visits to this and other websites .
They do this to provide more relevant ads .
They do n't collect anything about your name , address , email address or phone number ; they just collect information about your visits so that the few ads you might see can be as helpful and as interesting as possible .
If you 'd like to learn more , or do n't want this information used by these companies , see www.networkadvertising.org.
Canadian Minister of Defence Peter MacKay gives a piece of seal meat to the Chief of Defence Staff General W.J. Natynczyk ( L ) during a community event in Iqaluit , Nunavut in the Canadian Arctic August 22 , 2009 file photo .
REUTERS / Andy Clark
OTTAWA ( Reuters ) - Canada ’s parliamentary restaurant will be serving seal meat on Wednesday in a gesture of defiance aimed at a European Union ban on imports of seal products .
Canada ’s Conservative government says it will fight the EU ban , which was imposed last July on the grounds that the annual seal hunt off the east coast was cruel and inhumane .
A dish of double - smoked bacon - wrapped seal loin in a port reduction will be on the menu on Wednesday , the office of Senator Celine Hervieux - Payette said on Monday .
“ All political parties will have the opportunity to demonstrate to the international community the solidarity of the Canadian Parliament behind those who earn a living from the seal hunt , ” she said in a statement .
Ottawa says the hunt -- which takes place in March and April -- provides valuable income for Atlantic fishing communities .
The seals are either shot or hit over the head with a spiked club called a hakapik .
An aide to Hervieux - Payette said that , depending on supplies , seal meat could be available once a week when in season .
( Reporting by David Ljunggren ; editing by Rob Wilson )
If Facebook , Twitter , and Generation Text have taught us anything , it ’s that our future lies in ubiquitous asynchronous communication .
People these days are talking less and less over the telephone .
Even if we do engage in synchronous communication , we are increasingly doing it over services that make sense , like Skype , or iChat .
We are ever increasingly moving our communications towards data , and away from telephony .
It makes sense does n’t it ?
Services like Skype at a minimum provide the same level of service as your old landline , yet have the added benefit of actually being able to see your distant relatives over webcam , etc .
It ’s painfully obvious that this is the direction the entire world is moving in , so why are wireless phone carriers so behind the times ?
Well , at least one of them is .
Sprint and Verizon are slowly accepting and accommodating the actual needs of their customers , while AT&T is going backwards .
Perhaps once the iPad and iPhone are featured on other carriers , they ’ll be forced to actually … you know … compete for business .
Until then , AT&T customers are simply screwed .
Harvey Sands
When I look at that grand old flag , waving up there , big and proud in the breeze , my heart swells near to bursting , and a tear forms in my eye from thinking of all that it represents .
Freedom .
Glory .
Tradition .
For this land — the greatest on earth — is the land that I love , and may its song of liberty ring out from now until — what in the hell am I saying ?
This country and all its inhabitants can go take a flying fuck for all I care , honestly .
Advertisement
Sorry .
That came out all wrong .
Not what I meant at all .
You see , loyalty to this nation is something I hold dear , just as my father did and his father before him , and all that shit .
I mean , who cannot help but be filled with pride to think of our humble beginnings , knowing that we grew into the greatest democracy the world has ever known , even if the Browns could n't win a game to save their lives and you can't get one moment of peace with all the noise these goddamn neighbors of mine are always making ?
You know , thinking of this nation 's past stirs something deep inside me .
Yeah .
Real fucking deep .
What 's so great about this place anyway ?
I hate my job , I 'm still in debt for a dishwasher I bought six years ago , and I have n't had sex since the last Olympics .
Land of the fricking free , huh ?
I spend an arm and a leg at the garage and my car still breaks down every other week .
I started balding when I was 25 , and no matter how cool it is , I sweat like a pig if I so much as stand up too fast .
That does n't exactly sound like a City upon a Hill to me — what about you , huh ?
And at the end of the day , after all this aggravation and grief , what 's my big reward ?
I get to stare at something called Grey 's Anatomy that my wife just fucking loves so fucking much .
Advertisement
Never mind that my youngest kid's got lice again .
All right , all right .
I 'm getting off track here .
Sometimes I can get excited , but the fact is that this is the best country in the world .
No matter what they say , it 's the truth .
Ever since I was a schoolboy growing up in a small farming town , I 've had a profound sense of honor and duty and belonging deep in my soul .
Why , it seems like just yesterday that I 'd doff my cap , place my hand on my heart , and recite those famous words : I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of Jesus fucking Christ .
Advertisement
Screw America .
Does America give a shit about my daughter 's dickhead boyfriend who smells like bacon fat and hair spray and probably has crabs ?
Hell no , it does n't .
Does America care that a fucking battalion of squirrels is chewing through the walls of my attic and nothing can seem to stop them , not BB guns or rat poison ?
Nope .
All America cares about is putting coffee stains on my best shirt , losing my ATM card , and giving me a defective cell phone that never gets voice mails until three days later and you have to lean out the living - room window to get rid of this stupid fucking popping sound .
I 'm sorry .
I 'm probably just tired .
In the mornings , I get these headaches like you would n't believe .
Advertisement
Just think about the Statue of Liberty and what an enduring symbol of freedom and hope it is to the rest of the world .
That 's what a good American thinks of , right ?
Not that shit - headed little brat who was poking me in the back as we waited to get on the ferry ?
No .
Not that , or what assholes everyone in New York was .
Or how long we had to wait at LaGuardia just to get our asses back to Cleveland where it was snowing like a motherfucker .
Because , as I was saying , patriotism is my lifeblood .
My very essence .
Red - blooded American patriotism .
For America .
America the beautiful .
O beautiful , for spacious skies , for amber waves of grain , like Ray Charles ever saw amber fucking anything .
Amber waves of nimrods trying to cut in front of me at the supermarket , maybe .
Yes , in the words of Francis Scott Key : " Aw , who gives a crap ? "
And , of course , the purple mountains ' majesty , though the last time I was in the mountains was when I visited my pain - in - the - ass sister and her clammy - handed husband and it was the worst weekend of my life .
Advertisement
I love America .
I do !
And when the proud eagle soars above all of creation , I get a lump in my throat , and everything like that .
So fuck this .
You know what I 'm saying — democracy , loyalty , values .
Et cetera , et cetera .
You get it .
You know the drill .
Click to share on Tumblr ( Opens in new window )
Click to share on Pinterest ( Opens in new window )
Click to email this to a friend ( Opens in new window )
Click to share on Reddit ( Opens in new window )
Click to share on LinkedIn ( Opens in new window )
Click to share on Facebook ( Opens in new window )
Click to share on Twitter ( Opens in new window )
The following is a cross-post from the TEDxOilSpill Expedition blog .
The recent Oil Spill disaster in the Gulf of Mexico has been on everyone ’s mind and media outlets for the past month .
Between horrifying photos , misleading information and many failed attempts at stopping the gushing oil well , a growing national frustration has mounted into a direct collective responsibility that something has to be done .
A group of environmentally passionate geeks gathered together to organize a TEDxOilSpill that is scheduled to happen in Washington , DC on June 28th .
This TED inspired event will bring together the powerful voices that have responded in a call to action over the various facets that amounted to our current oil crisis , including our dependency to fossil fuels , our irresponsibility to our environment and the unregulated parade that is environmental policy .
As a precursor to the June 28th event , an TEDxOilSpill Expedition team of photographers , writers and videographers has been sent to the Gulf to capture footage and media .
The team consists of Static Photography photographer Kris Krüg , TED photographer Duncan Davidson , videographer Pinar Ozger and WWF writer Darron Collins .
The team is scheduled to be covering the coastal areas for a full week , witnessing and documenting the local response to the oil spill , the effect it has on the local coastal communities and the general hold that BP has on the Gulf itself since April 20th .
The team has been on the ground for just two and half days yet has covered over 600 miles of the coastal Gulf between Louisiana , Mississippi and Alabama .
The next few days on the Gulf will prove to be trying and crucial for the TEDxOilSpill Expedition team .
They are scheduled to take to the air and to the deep waters covering remote areas of the Louisiana marsh .
One of the tested areas that the team will be visiting is the original location of the Deepwater Horizon oil well , known to the Gulf coastal communities as merely ‘ the Source ’ .
The Expedition team is carrying the responsibility of bearing witness to the effects that the size of this disaster has caused while reporting back a responsive catalog of media that includes comprehensive footage of what is sensationally neglected by various controlled news filters .
Here is the first collection of photos from photographer Kris Krüg from his journey on the TEDxOilSpill Expedition :
A motivational quote in a bait n’ tackle shop on Dauphin Island , Alabama .
The entire gulf coast is peppered with oil rigs surprisingly very close to the shoreline .
Here two oil rigs sit side by side just off the coast of Alabama .
Many wildlife , including various types of seabirds , have felt horrific effects from the Gulf oil disaster .
A team of EPA workers checks on some various seabirds , including the recently removed from the endangered species list Brown Pelican on Dauphin Island , Alabama .
Large fisherfolk communities have been displaced from their livelihood of fishing as an effect of the oil spill .
Pictured here are various boats , having been docked for weeks in Biloxi , Mississippi .
The initial first line of defense for the coastlines is excessive miles of protective boom that acts as a superficial means of stopping the approaching crude oil .
Every body of water in the Gulf area has boom laid within it .
The TEDxOilSpill Expedition team holds an evening meeting to discuss the day ’s findings as well as the upcoming schedule for the next few days .
A most distressing apparent fact is that many of the seabirds photographed are not actually diving into the water , with good reason .
Here a flock of Brown Pelicans catch some rest on some rocks in Alabama .
An environmental cleanup boat is docked in Alabama , awaiting departure ; massive storm clouds torment the crisis ridden Gulf ; a very brave Brown Pelican attempts a dive along side an oil rig .
Whatever oil touches it stains a deep rust color .
In the areas where massive collections of crude oil are not present , the effects of the oil saturation in the Gulf of Mexico can plainly be witnessed .
A 3 - State Fisherfolk Press Rally gathered in Biloxi , Mississippi and was largely organized by the displaced Vietnamese fisherfolk communities .
Youth leaders and activists created signs with major concerns that need to be addressed by the communities that are being affected .
Local celebrity Billy the Exterminator came out and supported the 3 - State Fisherfolk Press Rally in Biloxi , Mississippi .
Billy , alongside his Louisiana based exterminator company Vex Con , has a reality television show on A&E called the Billy the Exterminator .
Brown Pelicans perch upon random signs and posts throughout harbors and bays in the Gulf ; a sky view of a New Orleans bridge .
An American Pollution Control boat carries what appears to be hundreds of feet of boom in a small harbor in Biloxi , Mississippi .
Often faulty the boom is the first line of defense for targeted coastlines .
Road signs in Alabama .
In just over two days the TEDxOilSpill Expedition team covered over 600 miles of the Gulf coast .
Boats in Mississippi supervise boom laying ; photographer Duncan Davidson carries the tools of the trade ; beaches in Alabama are stained with the effects of the oil spill .
A biblical quote offers some religious solutions to the crisis stricken communities in the Gulf states .
The normally white sands of Perdido Beach in Alabama were stained with the rust of oil ridden waters .
Each wave that broke upon the shore brought more oil and tar balls .
Photographer Duncan Davidson takes a moment to cool off in the sweltering southern heat ; a crew member from the Vex Con exterminator company ; a crowd gathered for the 3 - State Fisherfolk Press Rally in Biloxi , Mississippi .
Many unused , docked fishing boats are lining the harbors of Gulf coastal towns .
Very large areas of the Gulf have been deemed unsafe for fishing and drastically cut into the economic livelihood of many families .
Beautiful blue Gulf coastal waters are outlined by red lines of boom .
Just off the coast of Alabama a large collection of crude oil is waiting to hit the shores .
Whenever a portion breaks off and travels the 3 - 5 miles to shore , beach cleanup crews are ready and waiting .
One of the many oil rigs that sits in the Gulf of Mexico ; a Brown Pelican soars high above the waters ; rescue boats organize boom in Mississippi .
Local media interviewed participants of the 3 - State Fisherfolk Press Rally in Biloxi , Mississippi .
This devastating and ominous sign hung along the wooden walkway at Perdido Beach in Alabama .
Not only is the gulf being contaminated by thousands of gallons of crude oil , but the already compromised environment is being furthered polluted by harmful chemicals as a means for cleanup .
Unfortunately the toxicity of the oil mixed with cleanup chemicals is worsening the state of the Gulf of Mexico .
The Expedition continues on in the Gulf .
Be sure to check back to the official TEDxOilSpill Expedition website for more photos and thoughts from Pinar , Duncan , Darron , and Kris as we continue to document what ’s going on with the oil disaster in the Gulf .
All photos in this essay credit : Kris Krüg .
For more information :
Help Support the TEDxOilSpill Expedition Team
TEDxOilSpill event
Static Photography heads down to the Gulf with TEDxOilSpill Expedition
TEDxOilSpill Expedition photos by Kris Krüg
TEDxOilSpill photos by Duncan Davidson
TEDxOilSpill photos by Pinar Ozger
I have gathered a list of some amazing sites which you can use to create your websites in minutes and for free , with easy to use Free online website builders or what we call website makers .
The Best part about these websites builders is that you do n’t require any technical end knowledge like programming , designing etc. or learn that how to make a website .
You will not require any hosting , domain purchasing as well .
Just register for free and design your own website .
Even though these are the best free online website builders , there ’s no such thing as free delicious lunch .
So most of these best website builders are great but some of them contain ads .
Besides , you ’ll only get a sub - domain of your name so if you want to avoid this , you can get their premium package .
Ofcourse , they will empower you to create a design or create a blog “ exactly ” the way you want and this is something a designer can rarely do .
Free Online Website Builders
Wix
Wix is a complete , balanced and easy to use code free website builder .
It actually shows you what every template is good or recommended for .
It is ideal for beginners , as there is no limit or pressure of trials or demos .
You can build your site at your own pace .
After you finish , though , if you want to publish you have to select a package , but the good part is that it includes your own domain name .
Site123
Site123 is by far the easiest and fastest web site builder available online .
Take a look at this video , how easy to use it is .
Ucraft
One of the best website builders for small businesses this year , Ucraft focuses on offering its users pre-made , clean , and responsive templates they can customize via a drag - and - drop editing process .
Any user can choose such a layout from any of the available categories ( ranging from fashion magazines to restaurants ) .
Since it is business - oriented , this free website builder takes some of the main usual website development obstacles out of its users ’ way .
It provides free hosting on Google Cloud , SSL encryption , a brand logo maker , e-commerce store development , and a broad range of SEO and customer service tools and integrations .
Building a website with Ucraft may take more than just 5 minutes , but the results are worth the patience .
It is an easy - to - use tool to create remarkable landing pages that many entrepreneurs and online experts appreciate .
MoonFruit
Moonfruit is a website creator with an impressive portfolio that focuses on shop sites and personal pages .
After picking a template , all you have to do is register and then you can proceed to customize your site .
They take care of SEO optimization for you and they also provide support for tablets and phones .
Customer support comes as a forum and a FAQ section .
Hosting is available and starts at 12 Euros per month .
Webnode
Webnode is a fast , free and easy web builder !
Aircus
The defining word for Aircus is simplicity .
It is modern , elegant and easy to work with .
Not complicating things with countless templates and customizations , but keeps them versatile to match every taste , Aircus is a solution for the impatient businessmen , who want results as fast as possible .
In this direction , they even offer the possibility of creating their websites from phones and tablets .
In other words , from anywhere .
It is structured on the main business information ( location , contacts , about , services , ) and the best part is that it takes literally five minutes to have your site up and running and that it costs absolutely nothing .
Basekit
BaseKit is a highly customizable web builder with over 200 templates and integrated phone and tablet support .
It also offers the option of having your site built by the BaseKit team , in case you are pressured by time .
Support includes FAQ and a video tour , and you can also try the services with a free demo .
All packages include hosting and are priced at 6 , 12 and 24 pounds respectively .
Webydo
Webydo makes things simple by dividing the work .
On the dashboard , you see two sections : content and design .
Each one of them works independent of each other , meaning you can modify and customize each separately .
This is ideal if you have content writers working on your site , they can do their job while the designer is working .
Changes are done instantaneously as you work and the site is ready right when you click “ publish ” .
This is ideal if you have content writers working on your site , they can do their job while the designer is working .
Changes are done instantaneously as you work and the site is ready right when you click “ publish ” .
uCoz
uCoz is a powerful website builder that currently serves more than 2 million active websites in 16 language localizations all over the world .
Their solid rock servers will ensure the best safety levels for your future website : they guarantee 99 % up - time and regular backups of your pages .
uCoz offers everything you need to design , go live and SEO optimize your website effortlessly .
Their CMS is very simple and does n’t require any coding experience to start off – the platform is primarily oriented at newbies .
However , if you have some basic programming knowledge , this platform can also be a great candidate for you : practically any element of your web page can be adjusted to your needs .
The same is about your uCoz - powered website functionality : you can expand and modify it using their unparalleled modular system as you wish .
WebStartToday.com
WebStartToday has made business websites their playground .
They seem to be planning to excel in it , and so far they are doing well – with over 1000 unique templates conceived for the most varied of branches : nail salons , dentist cabinets , dry cleaners , funeral services , law firms and much more .
You might think that someone else might use the same template as you , but you can change the colors of a template with a single click .
Not to mention that the templates look like the finished website .
You need only to insert your data and contact information .
Another big plus is that storage is unlimited and customer service is 24/7 .
You might think that someone else might use the same template as you , but you can change the colors of a template with a single click .
Not to mention that the templates look like the finished website .
You need only to insert your data and contact information .
Another big plus is that storage is unlimited and customer service is 24/7 .
You need only to insert your data and contact information .
Another big plus is that storage is unlimited and customer service is 24/7 .
IMCreator
IM Creator is not only a complete and reliable code - free web builder , but it also emphasizes the user - friendly aspect .
Aside from the menu that ’s very easy to use , you are taken into the middle of the creative process even before registering .
Aside from preset templates , you can create your own design from scratch , or you can simply modify the existing ones .
They cover numerous niches , from music and arts to design and real estate themes .
The dashboard covers everything you might want : pictures , slideshows , videos , texts , all come as drag and drop elements and they are translated on the spot into code .
If you ’re an HTML veteran and simply cannot have what you want , there is an HTML widget as well , inside which you can go free with your adjustments .
Customer support includes a PDF guide , a
Customer support includes a PDF guide , a forum , and FAQ section .
They also offer hosting plans , starting from $ 9.95 per month .
Webs
It is also one of the best online website builders .
Weebly
For this website builder , you will not need a hosting neither they will not display ads on your site .
WebStarts
Webstarts web builder is best suited for creating business website pages .
Yola
Yola is another web builder focused on business fields .
After creating the account you choose your branch , you are presented with a specific template and an example , which of course , you can edit .
The top menu offers customization for all the details , from background to widgets , and they include videos , albums , slideshows and HTML editor for the nostalgics .
The service is free and the site can be ready in even less than a minute .
Jimdo
Jimdo free web builder is best for creating graphics based website / web pages quickly and easily .
GetShopped
Like this website builders name shows , it is best for creating free shopping websites .
Web
Web is also one of the top among best free website builders .
So the main purpose of this list or these builders is to help you design your website if you do n’t know designing .
The grass in Pocket Park is trimmed and fragrant , the jungle gym and swings freshly painted .
It ’s the kind of place where parents exhausted after a day in the lettuce fields can let their children run free .
But when dusk settled on that urban sanctuary one evening in March , the only people around were a few tattooed gang members wearing the signature blue of the Sureños .
A car full of young men wearing the red colors of the rival Norteños drove past on East Laurel Drive , and a passenger fired a single shot .
The bullet whistled by its intended targets , squeezed through a thumb - width opening in a tall wood fence , sailed under a laundry line and rocketed through the open back door of the Cruz family ’s home .
Azahel Cruz , 6 , dressed early for bed in his Spiderman pajamas , had just finished eating an ice cream bar in the living room , where he ’d been decorating Easter eggs with his mother and sisters .
The kindergartener walked into the kitchen to drop the stick in the wastebasket outside the back door .
His mother , Maria Alcantar , found him on the floor .
“ Blood was coming out of his head , ” she recalled .
“ He was trying to move and I said , ‘ Do n’t move .
Do n’t move . ’
Every time he moved , there was more blood . ”
The killing was the 31st in the last 15 months in Salinas , population 145,000 , a city the size of Pasadena with eight times as many violent deaths , every one of them gang - related .
Salinas has 3,500 gang members — six times the national average — and a four - decade history of gang violence .
“ The gangster element has become so embedded and well - organized that it ’s just been operating with impunity , ” said Louis Fetherolf , 64 , who became police chief last year .
“ An aquifer of organized criminality runs under this city , moving tons of narcotics .
And I ’m concerned that the scope and depth of that is lost on the public . ”
Azahel ’s death came in the midst of one of the most aggressive gang crackdowns in Salinas history .
It began with the arrival of Fetherolf , a fluent Spanish speaker with broad experience in law enforcement that included stints with the Los Angeles Police Department and the Riverside County Sheriff ’s Department .
Fetherolf called a summit of law enforcement officials in Salinas , and this year police launched a local version of Operation Ceasefire , a program first used in Boston in the 1990s .
Gang members are called in for daylong , tough - love sessions at police headquarters .
They are told to give up the gang or face the fierce attention of the authorities — and are offered job counseling , tattoo removal and other social services .
In addition , counter - insurgency experts at the Naval Postgraduate School in Monterey have been analyzing gang - related crime in Salinas and will suggest ways to disrupt the violence and address its causes .
“ We ’re not gang experts , ” said Hy Rothstein , an NPS professor and retired Army colonel who spent three decades in the Special Forces .
“ But we know a lot about irregular warfare , and these gangs have a lot of similarities with terrorist groups .
They are clandestine , nested within the population and engaged in violence . ”
Since the late 1960s , Latino gangs have been a fact of life in Salinas , an agricultural center half an hour ’s drive from the mansions , golf courses and tourist haunts of the Monterey Peninsula .
In recent years , Salinas and smaller cities in the fertile , windswept valley captured so memorably in John Steinbeck ’s “ East of Eden ” have become a battleground for two storied Latino gangs — the Norteños , a coalition of Northern California gangs , and the Sureños , originally from Southern California .
The gangs have been linked to many crimes , but authorities say their main business is moving drugs and weapons from Southern to Northern California .
“ It ’s very disciplined , ” Fetherolf said .
“ You do n’t see people walking around stoned out of their heads .
Youngsters who do start using are the ones who become expendable .
Those are most of the homicides we see . ”
In April , federal , state and local agents swept through Monterey County to arrest dozens of gang members , in Salinas and elsewhere , as part of Operation Knockout .
“ We ’re hitting them and hitting them hard , ” Fetherolf said , noting that gang - related violence in the city has subsided in the last few months .
“ But we ’re a mid-sized city in the middle of open - country California , and we ’ve been sick a long time . ”
The killing of the little boy certainly got people ’s attention .
Several thousand people marched at a church rally and hundreds — white and Latino , rich and poor — donated money to the family .
“ He just looked like a little angel in that casket , ” said Dennis Donohue , the Salinas mayor who still keeps a ribbon pinned to his lapel in Azahel ’s memory .
“ Sometimes , I wonder if there is a God , ” added Brian Contreras , who runs Second Chance , a community - based counseling service for former gang members and at - risk youth .
“ I hope this community is finally saying , ‘ enough . ’ ”
At the forefront of the gang suppression effort is the Monterey County Gang Task Force , a unit of 17 officers from local police departments , the county sheriff ’s office , the California Highway Patrol and the state Department of Corrections .
Officers in the 5 - year - old unit wear matching black uniforms and drive marked black patrol cars .
Gang members refer to the unit as the “ black snake , ” for the way its vehicles slither silently through gang neighborhoods .
The task force spends about half its time patrolling smaller cities , where police departments have been fighting a sharp increase in gang activity .
About 1,500 gang members live in the county outside Salinas , in towns such as Soledad , King City and Castroville .
King City , population 12,000 , has recorded three gang - related homicides this year .
The unit ’s primary mission is to disrupt the gangs by making thousands of traffic stops and random searches of the homes of gangsters free on parole or probation .
“ We realize we ’re never going to be able to arrest our way out of this problem , ” said Bob Eggers , the unit ’s commander ..
“ And sometimes we feel like we ’re just digging in the sand .
But every gangster we pull off the street is a success . ”
On a recent chilly night in Salinas , a dozen members of the task force approached a two - story house on McAllister Street .
Their target was Charles Mejia , a Norteño in the second year of a three - year probation .
Under a full moon , officers surrounded the house and knocked on the door .
Once inside , they handcuffed Mejia and placed him on a sofa in the living room .
Five officers examined his cellphone and searched his room .
In the living room , Mejia ’s mother chatted nervously with Eggers as Mejia and his father sat glumly on the sofa .
In Mejia ’s bathroom , officers found a line of white powder on the counter .
A field test indicated it was cocaine — a violation of his probation and a felony .
The officers led Mejia from his home , still in handcuffs .
“ The parents seemed so nice , ” Eggers said .
“ I was hoping it would n’t end that way . ”
Later that night , the convoy descended on Galindo Street , just a few blocks from where Azahel Cruz was killed , and stopped in front of a ranch - style house at the end of a cul de sac .
As officers surrounded the house , one yelled : “ Back yard ! ” Several officers chased a man through the dark yard as he tried to jettison bags containing methamphetamine , counterfeit prescription forms and cash .
Guillermo Barajas , 26 , who had Sureños tattoos and was on parole for burglary , was wrestled to the ground .
Inside the two - bedroom home , officers found 18 occupants , including four children .
Leftover food rotted in pans scattered around the house .
In the garage , half a dozen people were living in rooms partitioned with hanging bedsheets .
The target of the raid , a prison escapee , was n’t home .
But Barajas was arrested for drug possession with intent to sell , and five other residents with outstanding warrants were taken into custody .
Task force members considered the night a success , but they had no illusions .
“ We send someone to prison and he ’ll always be replaced by somebody else , ” said Sgt. Richard Rodriguez Jr. “ Then he comes out and , guess what ?
He ’s back , doing the same old stuff . ”
While the county aggressively prosecutes gang members , it constantly battles the reluctance of witnesses to come forward .
The large population of migrant workers , many of whom are undocumented , is especially difficult to persuade .
In many ways , Azahel Cruz ’s family was typical of that silent majority in East Salinas , a densely populated Latino neighborhood that is home to migrant laborers and the gangs who prey on them .
His father , Jose , works for $ 9 an hour in the lettuce fields , and his mother boxes lettuce for $ 10 an hour .
Last November , an exchange of gunfire between gang members pelted the Cruz family ’s chocolate - colored home and punctured two tires on their car .
Even before that , parents had been warning their children not to play in Pocket Park if they saw gang members .
“ I ’ve never felt safe here , ” Maria said .
But the Cruzes could n’t afford a deposit on a new place .
Sitting in their living room , the couple paged through a memory book that Azahel ’s kindergarten teacher had compiled .
They pointed proudly to his “ student of the month ” citation from December .
“ I told him that if he got another award that I ’d buy him a bicycle , ” Jose Cruz recalled .
“ But he said , ‘ No , Dad .
The teacher says we have to give the opportunity to the other kids . ’ ”
Azahel ’s killer has not yet been identified .
The Cruz family keeps the boy ’s ashes in a polished mahogany box that bears his name .
It sits on a shelf in the room he shared with his sisters , next to the remote - controlled Spiderman robot he got for Christmas last year
A framed photo of Azahel occupies a prominent place in the living room .
Decked out in a smart checked shirt and blue jeans , he smiles brightly .
Jose Cruz keeps the last photo of his son , though , on his cellphone .
It shows Azahel , in an open casket , on the day of his funeral .
scott.kraft@latimes.com
22 July 2010 Blowing the Whistle on the Snitch Racket Emmanuel Goldstein ( 2600 ) said 18 July 2010 at The Next HOPE panel on informants that within the hacker community it is expected that up to 25 % of hackers are snitches .
And that nothing can be done about it , so get used to it .
That suggests that of some 3,000 HOPE attendees about 750 were likely snitches .
And of those on the snitch panel of four besides admitted snitch Adrian Lamo , one was likely a snitch .
To demonstrate his point Goldstein admitted he once snitched to protect an " innocent . "
Lamo said he snitched on Manning as a matter of conscience , so two out of five .
The other three panelists , Kevin Mitnick , Bernie X and Fiber Optic , went to prison from being snitched on .
It is hard to believe that among hacker - led Wikileaks , 25 % of its workers , volunteers and supporters are snitches .
Not even organized crime suffers that scale of corruption .
However , in spyworld it is required that 100 % of spies snitch on both targets and each other , trained as they are to do just that and only that .
Now it is obligatory to exaggerate threats among secret organizations up to no good , that is the principal argument for secrecy .
So to claim 25 % of hackers are snitches , as 100 % of spies claim they must snitch 100 % of the time , it is necessary to exaggerate internal risk , to demand that snitching against snitches is necessary to save the secret cult .
Cult countersnitching is as convoluted as counterspying , and no cult member is safe from it , or so snitches avow : get used to it , the axe could fall without warning .
The motto of brutal authoritarinaism , no ?
The undermining paradox of secret organizations is that they require snitching on violators : disclosing secrets .
And they are rewarded for doing so .
A similar paradox involves leaking confidential information : the greater the leakage the greater the secrecy countermeasures .
The greater the secrecy the greater punishment for leaking and the greater the rewards for abetting leaking .
In both paradoxes , snitching is valorized as heroic to cloak its inherent betrayal -- valorized and hyperbolized by beneficiaries of secret snitching who face little risk .
Snitches leverage this to demand more honor and pay or else drop the axe on those who believe themselves masters .
Authoritarians fear their own spies like no other enemy .
This paranoia begets counterspies which beget counter - counterspies , endlessly , who snitch on one another , profitably .
The foremost lesson Machiavelli taught his prince , as students at The Farm are taught of their instructors , is to beware the teacher 's plot .
Compliments to Wikileaks for blowing the whistle on the snitch racket .
__________
At the HOPE panel , Kevin , Bernie and Fiber described their experiences with snitches .
2600 videotaped the session , it is worth viewing .
Kevin explained how to spot a snitch from court records , a handy tool .
The three were offered reduced sentences for snitching , all refused and were hammered .
Two panelists snitched , three were imprisoned .
Instructive .
Bradley Manning must have been texting .
To : emmanuel [ at] 2600.com From : John Young < jya[ at] pipeline.com >
Subject : HOPE Panel on Informants Dated : 22 July 2010 Emmanuel ,
The HOPE panel on informants was exceptionally well done , and your introductory remarks illuminating .
The panel provided a unique range of viewpoints not well known , I believe , and deserve wide coverage .
Will a video of the panel be made public ?
Thanks and regards , John Young Cryptome.org 212-873-8700 __________
Date : Thu , 22 Jul 2010 16:13:40 - 0400 From : Emmanuel Goldstein < emmanuel [ at] 2600.COM >
To : John Young < jya[ at] pipeline.com >
Subject : Re : HOPE Panel on Informants
Yes , we should have that available in the very near future .
Glad you were able to be there and enjoy it .
All the best .
e
Description from Conran Shop
This low , solid oak coffee table on rubber castors adds a touch of industrial design to a contemporary interior .
Designed by Terence Conran , it is exclusive to The Conran Shop. Catalog / Internet only .
£ 995.00 GBP at time of publication Buy from Conran Shop
The Remodelista editors provide a curated selection of product recommendations for your consideration .
Clicking through to the retailer that sells the product may earn us a commission .
The first time Amazon.com tried to buy Zappos , we said no without even thinking .
It was the summer of 2005 , and Zappos , the start - up into which I 'd poured the past five years of my life ( and almost all of my money ) , finally seemed to be on the right track .
Zappos sells shoes and apparel online , but what distinguished us from our competitors was that we 'd put our company culture above all else .
We 'd bet that by being good to our employees -- for instance , by paying for 100 percent of health care premiums , spending heavily on personal development , and giving customer service reps more freedom than at a typical call center -- we would be able to offer better service than our competitors .
Better service would translate into lots of repeat customers , which would mean low marketing expenses , long - term profits , and fast growth .
Amazingly , it all seemed to be working .
By 2005 , gross merchandise sales were $ 370 million , and we made the Inc. 500 .
We were n't profitable yet , but we were close to breaking even , and our revenue was growing quickly .
At the time , we made almost all our money selling shoes , but our hope was that we 'd eventually go into all sorts of other businesses .
We saw Zappos as a global brand like Virgin - - except whereas Virgin was about being hip and cool , Zappos would be about offering the best service .
The plan was to grow sales to $ 1 billion by 2010 and eventually go public .
These ideas about the power of our company culture had yet to be proved .
As I talked to Amazon founder and CEO Jeff Bezos , who visited our headquarters in 2005 , I realized that to Amazon , we were just a leading shoe company .
If we sold , we 'd probably be folded into their operations , and our brand and culture would be at risk of disappearing .
That was why we told Jeff that we were n't interested in selling at any price .
I felt like we were just getting started .
Four years later , Amazon came calling again -- and again my impulse was to say no .
Our sales had grown steadily since 2005 ; by 2008 we were doing more than $ 1 billion in gross merchandise sales annually -- two years ahead of our original plan .
We were now profitable , and our culture was even stronger .
As before , our plan was to stay independent and eventually go public .
But our board of directors had other ideas .
Although I 'd financed much of Zappos myself during its early days , we 'd eventually raised tens of millions of dollars from outside investors , including $ 48 million from Sequoia Capital , a
Silicon Valley venture capital firm .
As with all VCs , Sequoia expected a substantial return on its investment -- most likely through an IPO .
It might have been happy to wait a few more years if the economy had been thriving , but the recession and the credit crisis had put Zappos - - and our investors -- in a very precarious position .
At the time , Zappos relied on a revolving line of credit of $ 100 million to buy inventory .
But our lending agreements required us to hit projected revenue and profitability targets each month .
If we missed our numbers even by a small amount , the banks had the right to walk away from the loans , creating a possible cash - flow crisis that might theoretically bankrupt us .
In early 2009 , there were n't a lot of banks eager to give out $ 100 million to a business in our situation .
That was n't our only potential cash - flow problem .
Our line of credit was " asset backed , " meaning that we could borrow between 50 percent and 60 percent of the value of our inventory .
But the value of our inventory was n't based on what we 'd paid .
It was based on the amount of money we could reasonably collect if the company were liquidated .
As the economy deteriorated , the appraised value of our inventory began to fall , which meant that even if we hit our numbers , we might eventually find ourselves without enough cash to buy inventory .
These issues had nothing to do with the underlying performance of our business , but they increased tensions on our board of directors .
Some board members had always viewed our company culture as a pet project --" Tony 's social experiments , " they called it .
I disagreed .
I believe that getting the culture right is the most important thing a company can do .
But the board took the conventional view - - namely , that a business should focus on profitability first and then use the profits to do nice things for its employees .
The board 's attitude was that my " social experiments " might make for good PR but that they did n't move the overall business forward .
The board wanted me , or whoever was CEO , to spend less time on worrying about employee happiness and more time selling shoes .
On some level , I was sympathetic to the board 's position .
The truth was that if we pulled back on the culture stuff , the immediate effect on our financials would probably have been positive .
It would have reduced our expenses in the short term , and I do n't think our sales would have suffered much at first .
But I was pretty sure that in the long term , it would have ruined everything we had created .
By early 2009 , we were at a stalemate .
Because of a complicated legal structure , I effectively controlled the majority of the common shares , so that the board could n't force a sale of the company .
But on the five - person board , only two of us -- Alfred Lin , our CFO and COO , and myself - - were completely committed to Zappos 's culture .
This made it likely that if the economy did n't improve , the board would fire me and hire a new CEO who was concerned only with maximizing profits .
The threat was never made overtly , but I could tell that was the direction things were going .
It was a stressful time for me and Alfred .
But we 'd gotten through much tougher times before , and this seemed like just another challenge we needed to figure out .
We began brainstorming ways that we could get out from under the board .
We certainly did n't want to sell the company and move on to something else .
To us , Zappos was n't just a job -- it was a calling .
So we came up with a plan :
We would buy out our board of directors .
We figured to do so would cost about $ 200 million .
As we were talking to potential investors , Amazon approached Alfred about buying Zappos outright .
Although that still did n't seem like the best option to me , Alfred sensed that Amazon would be more open than last time to the idea of letting Zappos continue to operate as an independent entity .
And we felt that the price Amazon was talking about was too large for us to ignore without potentially violating our fiduciary duty to our shareholders .
In April , I flew to Seattle for an hourlong meeting with Jeff Bezos .
I gave him my standard presentation on Zappos , which is mostly about our culture .
Toward the end of the presentation , I started talking about the science of happiness -- and how we try to use it to serve our customers and employees better .
Out of nowhere , Jeff said , " Did you know that people are very bad at predicting what will make them happy ? "
Those were the exact words on my next slide .
I put it up and said , " Yes , but apparently you are very good at predicting PowerPoint slides . "
After that moment , things got comfortable .
It seemed clear that Amazon had come to appreciate our company culture as well as our strong sales .
Still , I had plenty of concerns .
Jeff 's approach to business had been very different from my own .
One of the ways that Amazon tries to deliver a great customer experience is by offering low prices , whereas at Zappos we do n't try to compete on price .
If Amazon gets a lot of customer service calls , it will try to figure out why -- maybe there 's something confusing about the product description -- and then it will try to fix the problem so that it can reduce the number of phone calls , which keeps prices low .
But at Zappos , we want people to call us .
We believe that forming personal , emotional connections with our customers is the best way to provide great service .
But as I talked to Jeff , I realized that there were similarities between our companies , too .
Amazon wants to do what is best for its customers -- even , it seemed to me , at the expense of short - term financial performance .
Zappos has the same goal .
We just have a different philosophy about how to do it .
I left Seattle pretty sure that Amazon would be a better partner for Zappos than our current board of directors or any other outside investor .
Our board wanted an immediate exit ; we wanted to build an enduring company that would spread happiness .
With Amazon , it seemed that Zappos could continue to build its culture , brand , and business .
We would be free to be ourselves .
Negotiations with Amazon began shortly afterward .
Amazon initially offered to buy Zappos in cash , but that did n't sit well with us .
In our minds , a cash deal felt too much like we were selling the company outright , so we proposed an all - stock transaction .
Zappos shareholders would simply trade their stock for Amazon stock .
We saw the deal less as an acquisition than as a marriage .
An all - stock deal would be analogous to a married couple opening a joint bank account .
In June , Jeff sent a formal proposal to buy Zappos in stock , which our board voted to accept on July 20 .
We persuaded Amazon to let us break the news to our managers .
So at around noon on July 22 , an hour and a half before the markets closed and the deal was publicly announced , I stood in front of about 50 of our most senior employees in our training room and explained what we were doing .
It was a speech about the most important thing in my life , and all the nervousness that I used to feel when I first started speaking in public came back .
I spoke for half an hour and told them to explain to their staffs that nothing was going to change :
They would still have their jobs , and the Zappos culture would still be our own .
But now , we would be able to do new things more quickly .
At first , everyone in the room was anxious -- some had assumed I was leaving the company ; others did n't know what to think -- but as I spoke , I could see the relief come over people 's faces .
They went back to their desks , gathered their staffs , and told them what was happening .
Within a couple of hours , everyone had gone back to work .
In the hallways , I overheard employees talking about how excited they were about having access to Amazon 's resources .
Two days later , I gathered our Las Vegas team -- roughly 700 employees at the time -- in a conference center to address any additional questions .
Party music filled the room , and employees threw beach balls around into the crowd .
The energy was amazing .
It felt like the beginning of the next leg of our journey .
The acquisition closed on November 1 , at a valuation of $ 1.2 billion ( based on Amazon 's stock price on the day of closing ) .
Our investors at Sequoia made $ 248 million .
Our board was replaced by a management committee that includes me , Jeff , two Amazon executives , and two Zappos executives .
As CEO , I report to the committee every quarter , and Zappos is responsible for hitting revenue and profitability numbers .
But unlike our former board of directors , our new management committee seems to understand the importance of our culture -- the " social experiments " -- to our long - term success .
In fact , one Amazon distribution center recently began experimenting with its own version of Zappos 's policy of paying new employees $ 2,000 to quit if they 're unhappy with their jobs .
Otherwise , Zappos continues to operate independently .
Our relationship is governed by a document that formally recognizes the uniqueness of Zappos 's culture and Amazon 's duty to protect it .
We think of Amazon as a giant consulting company that we can hire if we want -- for instance , if we need help redesigning our warehouse systems .
In the first quarter of 2010 , net sales at Zappos were up almost 50 percent , and we 've added several hundred new employees .
The growth has made Amazon very happy , but it 's also creating new challenges .
I 've noticed that at company happy hours , you do n't see as many employees from different departments hanging out with one another .
To address that , we 've begun tracking employee relationships .
When employees log in to their computers , we ask them to look at a picture of a random employee and then ask them how well they know that person -- the options include " say hi in the halls , " " hang out outside of work , " and " we 're going to be longtime friends . "
We 're starting to keep track of the number and strength of cross - departmental relationships -- and we 're planning a class on the topic .
My hope is that we can have more employees who plan to be close friends .
That 's just one small thing that we 're doing to make sure our culture gets stronger and that our employees are happy .
We have close to 1,800 employees now , and I think we 're proof that a company does n't have to lose itself as it grows bigger -- or even after it gets acquired .
10 years , $ 1.2 billion Zappos struggled for years before landing its big payday .
A look back at what happened : August 1999 : Tony Hsieh invests $ 500,000 in what is universally considered a bad idea : an online shoe store .
January 2000 : Zappos , having been rejected by numerous VCs , is out of money .
As employees clean out their desks , Hsieh decides he will keep funding the company .
Soon after , he becomes CEO .
October 2000 : Six months after the dot - com crash , Zappos is once again out of money .
Hsieh lays off half the staff .
He sets his own salary at $ 24 .
August 2002 : To pay for a new warehouse in Kentucky , Hsieh sells his San Francisco loft .
By year 's end , sales hit $ 32 million , but there are still no profits .
March 2004 : Hsieh moves the Zappos headquarters from San Francisco to Las Vegas in order to hire more experienced call - center workers .
October 2004 : With sales up to $ 184 million , Zappos persuades Sequoia Capital to inves $ 20 million .
August 2005 : Jeff Bezos flies to Las Vegas and offers to buy the company , which now has sales of $ 370 million .
Hsieh says no .
Jeff Bezos flies to Las Vegas and offers to buy the company , which now has sales of $ 370 million .
Hsieh says no .
December 2007 : Zappos sells $ 100 million worth of merchandise in a month , ending the year with sales of $ 840 million and , for the first time , a profit .
April 2009 : Hsieh meets Bezos in Seattle and talks about happiness .
Bezos says he is willing to let Zappos operate independently .
Negotiations ensue .
Goofs
A.J. gets killed when his face is waxed off .
The aftermath of his face shows that it has been melted off , even the skull ; it would be impossible to have a whole face or the skull for that matter , melted off / dissolved in a bowling ball polisher .
Therefore , he could 've at least had third or fourth degree burns all over his face and his skull would still be intact .
See more
Wikileaks Insider Messages : http://cryptome.org/0001/wikileaks-mess.htm
Iceland law on extradition : http://eng.domsmalaraduneyti.is/laws-and-regulations/nr/104
A sends via PGPboard , 24 June 2010 : Assange is preparing to do a Fischer WIKILEAKS insiders and activists are somewhat concerned about Assange 's recent visit to Iceland , and its proposed media and data haven .
This we regard as an interesting development .
However , what really concerns us are the discussions that took place between Assange and a small group of Icelandic politicians led by Birgitta Jonsdottir .
The subject concerned Assange renouncing his Australian nationality , and taking Icelandic nationality , the reason for this is that Icelandic citizens cannot be extradited to the USA .
It would appear to the rank and file activists here at WIKILEAKS that Assange is trying to cover himself before he risks another high profile release of documents and video footage .
However , just where that leaves the rest of us here at WIKILEAKS is another story , and just how exposed will we be .
Assange 's past assertions that WIKILEAKS will protect and represent ALL its sources has undergone a subtle change .
NOW Assange asserts that WIKILEAKS WILL ATTEMPT to protest and represent its sources .
Assange has tried to open a dialog with the US government concerning Manning , and the 260,000 leaked documents .
However the US government appears to be in no mood to accommodate Assange .
Once the US government establishes the link between Manning and Assange then its game over for Assange and an international arrest warrant will be issues .
Wikileaks Insider Authentication Code Follows [ Code omitted ]
Airport Madness 3
Take the role of an air traffic controller and give instructions to the planes so that they can take off and land safely .
If any planes collide , you 're fired !
A PERUVIAN mother - of - four was trapped in her bed for six months because of her giant breasts .
The Sun reported that Julia Manihuari 's chest grew to a gigantic N cup after the birth of her third son seven years ago - leaving her unable to move .
" It was awful .
If I tried to get up I would faint because my breasts were so heavy , " she said .
Ms Manihuari , 29 , who lives in northern rural Peru , was finally helped when local media paid for her to take a three - day boat trip to the nearest town for medical help .
Doctors diagnosed an extreme form of Bilateral Gynecomastia - an illness where the mammary gland keeps growing .
They had to cut 35 pounds of flesh from her breasts , fearing they could squash her lungs and kill her .
Ms Manihuari emerged as a size 34B after the six - hour operation .
" Before the operation I could n't do anything - I just had to live with it .
It got so bad that my breasts were touching my legs , " she said .
" I have always had a small build , and the stress on the rest of my body was agony . "
Read more about Julia Manihuari 's breast ordeal at The Sun .
Originally published as Mother almost killed by N cup breasts
Software
Performance and battery life
Wrap-up
Below , we 've got a few video samples -- one large clip set in full automatic mode ( what the Droid X calls " Everyday " ) , plus three smaller clips designed primarily to demonstrate the phone 's microphone modes .
On the left , there 's a narrative clip , and the right two are both set in Outdoors mode ; notice the occasional wind noise in the rightmost one .
Clearly , the bottom three clips are n't designed for viewing as much as they are for testing sound quality -- we took them while walking , and it shows -- but you can definitely make out some " jellyvision " effect that 's typical of CMOS sensors .
You 're not going to notice it in the least without herky , jerky camera action , though , so unless you 're doing a lot of high - intensity video work , it should be a non-issue for you .
Unfortunately , the Moto - customized user interface shared by the camera and video recorder is n't quite as slick as the output they produce ; in short , it 's buggy , slow , and distracting .
As an obvious example , the Flash button on the right never changes , no matter what mode you select -- On , Off , or Auto -- so you can't tell at a glance what mode you currently have selected without tapping it , which in turn causes it to change .
In between shots , you get a black " Processing " message for a moment that takes up the entire screen -- annoying and seemingly unnecessary .
And changing effects or scenes ( something you 'll do a lot for video in particular ) takes longer than it should , since it calls up a separate screen where you swipe between options ; it 's an unnecessarily slick touch .
This is one place where it would 've served Motorola well to keep things bare bones -- you do n't want to be wowed with the UI when you 're trying to take a picture , you just want to take the best picture you can and move on with your life .
All that said , shutter lag was n't terrible -- perhaps a half second between shots -- and the camera app consistently loaded in four seconds or less .
Autofocus was also generally pretty quick , though we found that the contrast detection struggled in some places where we thought it should 've had an easy go of it .
In our sample gallery , for instance , that macro shot we have of the Nokia N79 took maybe five or six tries before it finally locked on -- it spent a lot of time hunting , shooting right past the proper focus point in both directions .
The Droid X is Motorola 's first retail device to use the company 's custom UI atop Android 2.1 , a skin that has been significantly restyled from the version found on Android 1.5 devices like the CLIQ , Devour , and CLIQ XT .
But let 's be clear : the Droid X does n't use Blur .
Actually , we 'd initially been given conflicting answers from Motorola on whether the Droid X actually " runs " Blur , and we think we know why : as far as we can tell , the phone sidesteps Motorola 's proprietary back end entirely , which has been a source of many of Blur 's problems from day one -- delayed updates and the like .
Instead , Moto appears to now be taking the same angle that most of its competitors are , pushing all of the aggregation horsepower down to the phone and taking its own servers out of the equation .
In practice , what this means is that you no longer have a Blur account -- you just log in to your individual services ( Twitter , Facebook , and the like ) and the phone keeps track .
At a quick glance , the new skin -- Blur 2.1 , or whatever you want to call it -- is cleaner , prettier , and just generally more modern than the skin it replaces , but that does n't mean it 's good .
In fact , it feels as though Motorola heard and just completely misinterpreted the complaints about Blur to begin with , spending its energy making it less obvious that Blur is running without actually addressing any of its fundamental problems .
Here 's a great example : when you add a Twitter account , all of your Twitter follows automatically puke into your contacts list , which we 'd complained about way back when we reviewed the CLIQ last year .
Yes , you can sort , but what Motorola really needed to do here was make it optional the same way that Twitter 's official Android app does .
Speaking of the official Twitter app , it generally runs circles around Blur 's Twitter implementation in terms of raw functionality ; actually , there 's very little that Motorola 's own implementation does do other than drop your follows ' tweets into a unified inbox and involuntarily merge all of their handles into your contacts .
As you can probably imagine , we were interested to see what would happen when we installed Twitter 's app alongside Motorola 's -- and basically , you can do it , but you do n't want to .
You 'll end up with two Twitter options when you 're setting up accounts ( see above ) and duplicate notifications .
The solution is to simply ignore Moto 's built - in option and use the official app alone , which is what we 'd recommend you do .
The good news about this skin -- perhaps the best news , in fact -- is that it 's pretty easy to ignore .
You do n't need to log in to Blur and you do n't need to use it for your social networking and photo accounts , because it appears that it does n't block any other Android app that integrates with the platform 's core functionality from working properly ( Twitter being a prime example of that ) .
The included weather widget is another good example : it 's bare - bones simple , not particularly pretty , and does n't follow your location automatically , but it 's easy enough to install your own .
Ultimately , about the only thing you can't ignore is the home screen , which uses large white silhouettes to represent the dialer , the app drawer , and your socially - aware contacts list in much the same way Blur 1.5 did .
When you swipe between home screen panels ( there are seven of them , by the way ) , you 'll get a pop - up display at the bottom of the screen that conceals the dialer , app drawer , and contacts icons to show you what screen you 're currently on ; it takes about a second to go away , which is momentarily annoying if you want to tap on any of those three icons .
Verizon bundles a 3G Mobile Hotspot app which will run an additional $ 20 per month for 2GB worth of usage , a business model not unlike AT &T's -- but the critical difference is that on - device data usage is still unlimited with the Droid X ; you only dip into your 2 GB bucket if you tether .
The app is simple enough and worked very well in our experience ; you can choose from the usual variety of encryption schemes including WPA2 , set your own SSID , and even choose your WiFi channel which is convenient if you 're in a particularly WiFi - congested area .
As speed goes , it 's fast -- but it's not Sprint WiMAX fast :
The Droid X is among the first phones to employ a TI OMAP3630 processor , which is basically the ultimate execution of the OMAP3 line of cores -- the next step up is OMAP4 , and that 's not ready for prime time yet .
After using the phone for a few days , we 're really encouraged by this processor and what it can do -- it feels like it's at least a small step above and beyond Snapdragon , and certainly a noticeable leap over the OMAP3430 used by the Droid , Nokia N900 , and Palm Pre .
The UI generally felt fluid and lag - resistant , though we saw some stuttering when opening the notification and app drawers -- something we 've observed on literally every Android phone we 've ever tested .
The most exciting sign , though , is the stock browser , which absolutely flew -- scrolling and pinch zooming were both silky smooth activities , something even a Froyo - equipped Nexus
One can struggle with at times .
Linpack consistently yields results above 8 MFLOPS , nearly double an Android 2.1 - equipped Nexus One ; that 's good news for when the Droid X gets Froyo later this year , which runs circles around Eclair in many operations .
We were able to easily and consistently make it through a single day ( meaning morning to evening ) on a battery charge , though we chatted with a Verizon spokesman who'd been using the phone for a while and he said that he typically struggled to make it through a typical weekday without a midday fill - up .
It could be that our battery was fresh and new or we just were n't beating up on the battery hard enough , but at any rate , your mileage will vary .
Pure standby time was easily over three days , and we were able to get about two hours worth of consistent hotspot usage with roughly 40 percent battery drain -- in other words , in - line with what we saw while using the EVO 's hotspot functionality .
After seeing a string of midrange devices like the CLIQ XT , Devour , and Flipout go by , we were beginning to wonder when ( or if ) Motorola would make another grandiose play at the Android crown the same way it had with the Droid the first time around -- but with the introduction of the Droid X , we 're happy to say that they finally have .
Problem is , this is n't the same marketplace that Moto was dealing with back in late 2009 ; high - end Android gear is easier to come by than ever before ( Samsung 's massive four - carrier blowout with the Galaxy S series is powerful evidence of that ) , and most of it is ... well , really quite good .
This is n't about taking candy from a baby anymore and waltzing into unmet demand for a type of phone that had n't existed before -- it 's about competing really , really hard .
It 's about forgetting the Droid 's success , just as the company has struggled to forget the RAZR's .
Cast in that light , the Droid X becomes a much less magical phone than the Droid was .
It 's good , and it's a pretty enjoyable execution of Android 2.1 , but it's not a must - have phone -- especially in light of the Droid Incredible and the upcoming Droid 2 .
From a hardware perspective , this phone is pretty much a bang - on execution of what a high - end mobile powerhouse should be , but Motorola clearly still has work to do in order to play in the same software league as HTC does with Sense .
If it can get there -- or heck , if it can just offer this phone with stock Froyo -- you 've got perhaps the best Android phone ever made .
Attempting to reassure CNN viewers that the government is n’t trying to shut down free speech on web , Senator only stokes more alarm by citing country that censors all online dissent
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Monday , June 21 , 2010
Senator Joe Lieberman , co-author of a bill that would give President Obama a ‘ kill switch ’ to shut down parts of the Internet , attempted to reassure CNN viewers yesterday that concerns about the government regulating free speech on the web were overblown , but he only stoked more alarm by citing China , a country that censors all online dissent against the state , as the model to which American should compare itself .
During an appearance on CNN’s State of the Union with Candy Crowley , Lieberman characterized concerns that his 197 - page Protecting Cyberspace as a National Asset Act ( PDF ) legislation represents an attempt to hand Obama “ absolute power ” over the Internet as “ total misinformation , ” adding that people were “ intentionally peddling misinformation ” .
Lieberman again invoked “ cybersecurity ” as the motivation behind the bill and tried to assuage the worries of critics .
“ So I say to my friends on the Internet , relax .
Take a look at the bill .
And this is something that we need to protect our country , ” said the Senator .
However , Lieberman ’s choice of comparison in justifying the necessity of the bill will only serve to heighten concerns that the government is going after free speech .
“ Right now China , the government , can disconnect parts of its Internet in case of war and we need to have that here too , ” said Lieberman .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
The Senator ’s reference to China is a telling revelation of what the cybersecurity agenda is really all about .
China ’s vice - like grip over its Internet systems has very little to do with “ war ” and everything to do with silencing all dissent against the state .
Chinese Internet censorship is imposed via a centralized government blacklist of any websites that contain criticism of the state , porn , or any other content deemed unsuitable by the authorities .
Every time you attempt to visit a website , you are re-routed through the government firewall , often making for long delays and crippling speeds .
China has exercised its power to shut down the Internet , something that Lieberman wants to introduce in the U.S. , at politically sensitive times in order to stem the flow of information about government abuse and atrocities .
During the anti-government riots which occurred in July 2009 , the Chinese government completely shut down the Internet across the entire northwestern region of Xinjiang for days .
Similarly , Internet access in parts of Tibet is routinely restricted as part of government efforts to pre-empt and neutralize unrest .
Major websites like Twitter , Google and You Tube have also been shut down either temporarily or permanently by Chinese authorities .
( ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW )
News websites in China now require users to register their true identities in order to leave comments .
This abolition of anonymity is used to chill free speech in that it prevents the user from engaging in criticism of the state for fear that they would be tracked down by authorities .
Chinese authorities are now going further than merely maintaining a “ blacklist ” of banned websites by instituting a “ whitelist ” of allowed websites , a move that “ could potentially place much of the Internet off - limits to Chinese readers ” .
Websites not pre-registered with the government would be completely blocked to all Internet users , meaning “ millions of completely innocuous sites ” would be banned .
This equates to requiring government approval to set up a website , which would obviously not be granted if the person or organization making the application has a history of or is likely to engage in dissent against the state .
President Obama himself has criticized Chinese Internet censorship as a hindrance to the free flow of information and allowing citizens to hold their governments accountable , and yet Lieberman wants to hand Obama similar powers .
Given the nature of Chinese Internet regulation , with has nothing to do with “ war ” as Lieberman claims and everything to do with political censorship and covering up information about state oppression , we should be alarmed that the Senator wants to see America move in the same direction .
The real agenda behind government control of the Internet has always been to strangle and suffocate independent media outlets who are now competing with and even displacing establishment press organs , with websites like the Drudge Report now attracting more traffic than many large newspapers combined .
As part of this war against independent media , the FTC recently proposing a “ Drudge Tax ” that would force independent media organizations to pay fees that would be used to fund mainstream newspapers .
In addition , the FCC has rolled a censorship plan into its Net Neutrality scheme in a stealth attempt to impose Internet regulation .
Under the FCC ’s regulatory control consumers would be forced to buy an Internet / TV / Phone connectivity box that the government approves .
“ Everyone will pay rates for service that the government sets .
And everything passing through your Internet , TV , or phone would become subject to the FCC ’s consistent regulatory whim , ” writes Americans for Tax Reform ’s Kelly William Cobb .
Similar legislation aimed at imposing Chinese - style censorship of the Internet and giving the state the power to shut down networks has already been passed globally , including in the UK , New Zealand and Australia .
We have extensively covered efforts to scrap the internet as we know it and move toward a greatly restricted “ internet 2 ” system .
Handing government the power to control the Internet would only be the first step towards this system , whereby individual ID ’s and government permission would be required simply to operate a website .
Lieberman ’s argument that the U.S. government should be handed the same power to regulate the Internet currently exercised by Chinese authorities only serves to confirm that the true agenda behind the Obama ‘ kill switch ’ legislation is to launch a war , not against foreign hackers , but against the free speech of the American people .
Watch the CNN clip below .
This article was posted : Monday , June 21 , 2010 at 5:10 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
[ / caption ]
Two small “ separation cameras ” were ejected from JAXA ’s ( Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency ) IKAROS solar sail , which successfully took some amazing full images of the fully deployed sail .
The cameras are quite small , cylindrical in shape about 6 cm in diameter and height .
They were ejected from the sail using a spring , and then they looked back at IKAROS , and relayed the images wirelessly .
The cameras are now floating off into space , having done their job of taking these images .
Below , an animation , or movie made by combining several images .
From the JAXA press release :
We will measure and observe the power generation status of the thin film solar cells , accelerate the satellite by photon pressure , and verify the orbit control through that acceleration .
Through these activities , we will ultimately aim at acquiring navigation technology through the solar sail .
So , now that we know the sail is fully deployed , next comes the big test of whether solar sailing will actually work .
This is huge , to finally have the opportunity to test a solar sail in space .
From the IKAROS blog , speaking as the cameras :
Unfortunately I only have the battery , and …working time is very short for about 15 minutes after I do my best work is a planets around the Sun , the world ’s smallest man-made flying with IKAROS continue .
Translation : these tiny cameras only had about 15 minutes to do their job of taking pictures before becoming dead little satellites orbiting around the sun .
IKAROS was launched on May 21 , 2010 from the Tanegashima Space Center in Japan .
We ’ll keep you posted as JAXA begins testing the solar sail .
Last March
I went to the Left Forum in New York , which is a yearly gathering of liberals , progressives , anarchists , socialists , communists , hippies , punks , mystics , conspiracy theorists and anti-conspiracy theorists who are all trying to figure out how to get to a decent future from the indecent present .
Nobody , of course , knows how to do that .
There may not even be a path to a decent future from the indecent present , but I always find the Left Forum hopeful because a few thousand people in one place are at least putting their minds to the problem .
The panel discussion I most wanted to see ( out of 300 or so ) was called “ The Crisis That Gives the Capitalist Class Nightmares , ” because Michael Hudson was speaking .
Whenever Hudson writes something , I read it , because he ’s one of a tiny number of economists with academic credentials who predicted the present debt crisis .
( Apparently not predicting crises is necessary for tenure in most economic departments these days . )
At the panel , he explained that when labor is squeezed to the point that it can’t purchase anything , the capitalist is left with nothing to invest in , except more debt , and so we end up with Wall Street creating ever more complicated , ever more leveraged , ever more worthless junk for its gambling habit .
When this collapses , as it must , half the hospitals in Latvia ( which Hudson advises ) have to shut down for lack of funds .
The next guy to speak was Hillel Ticktin , an emeritus professor of Marxist Studies at the University of Glasgow .
Whip smart , grumpy and funny , Ticktin expanded on the theme of “ fictitious capital , ” as Marx called money made from money with no value added .
Ticktin said we had reached the last stage of empire with this humongous array of empty numbers in computers that is our economy and recommended we all read Volume 3 of Capital .
Then he closed with a question : “ Does the ruling class really want to commit suicide ? ”
Every time I have watched the news since March , I think back to that question and have an anxiety attack .
Because , yes , the ruling class is trying to commit suicide .
In and of itself , this would be a great boon to mankind .
Imagine if the ruling class admitted their abject failure to get anything right , and did the honorable thing .
Top management at Wall Street , the elite of both major parties , their lobbyists , the big pr firms , the worst hacks of the corporate press , most CEOs and COOs – what if they all just got in a big bathtub , conceded defeat and opened up a vein like Frank Pentangeli in The Godfather II ?
Who would miss them ?
So suicide is n’t the problem , exactly .
The problem is that they do n’t know they ’re trying to kill themselves , and it does n’t occur to them to behave honorably .
The ruling class is not Frank Pentangeli .
The ruling class is the husband who is failing at work , having his home foreclosed , his car repossessed , his children are getting humiliated at school because they are n’t wearing the right clothes , the self - help books have failed , the church offers no solace , television wo n’t acknowledge his existence–so he shoots his wife and four kids and then puts the gun in his mouth .
Thus the problem is murder suicide .
The husband wants to kill the only people in his life more powerless than himself , because they are living reminders of his own shame .
Let me spell that out .
The ruling class is the husband .
Everyone who works in the productive economy is the wife and four kids .
The ruling class wants to commit suicide because it has so completely failed and because everything it believes is so obviously wrong .
One part of the ruling class brain knows it does n’t do anything worth doing , and another part of the ruling class brain does n’t want to be reminded and lives in terror of being exposed .
This is called denial .
To keep the denial in place , evidence of failure must be destroyed .
If you , oh reader , are the living evidence of ruling class failure , it is a dangerous situation .
The ruling class wrecked the economy .
That was a stupendous failure , but at least they were wrecking a social construct that deserved wrecking .
Organizing labor on the principle that the guy with the most money gets to tell everyone else what to do–how did that come to be considered a good idea ?
How did that get equated with freedom ?
Every major religion warns against greed , and somehow most of the United States has come to believe that letting the greedheads run everything is efficient .
That ’s so 20th century .
The bigger problem is that the ruling class , in its murder suicide frenzy , is killing nature .
Nature is not a social construct .
It ’s really there .
It ’s alive .
As such , it is too painful for the ruling class to look at , so they are killing it .
Anything that reminds them of life , anything that is n’t money , has to go .
It ’s a mistake to fetishize all this evil and project it onto BP .
BP is one sociopath in a culture of sociopathy .
If you read its “ plan ” for dealing with oil spills in the Gulf , as some enterprising reporters did for the Associated Press , it is a contemptuous joke from beginning to end .
It is full of bizarre lies and mistakes .
The corporate flunkies who accepted it at the Minerals Management Service should be in prison .
The company that wrote it , the company that had no plan whatsoever for dealing with a deep blowout in the Gulf of Mexico , cares about brown pelicans like Joran van der Sloot cares about young women .
The chorus of energy companies denying global warming was n’t killing nature fast enough for BP , so it invited nature into a hotel room and strangled her .
A prophecy :
At some point this summer , a hurricane is going to blow through the Gulf of Mexico .
It ’s going to drown New Orleans in carcinogenic sludge , again , and a day later it ’s going to be raining tar balls on Nashville .
People all over the South will go to church and demand that Jesus save them .
Jesus will choose this moment to make his return to earth : “ Hey , I told you 2000 years ago that it ’s easier for a camel to pass through the eye of a needle than for a rich man to get into heaven .
I told you that the poor are blessed .
I told you that as you treat the least of these , you have treated me .
That means if you oppress the poor , you oppress me .
That means if you drown pelicans in oil , you ’re drowning me .
But you did n’t read that part of the New Testament .
You only read that weird symbolism in the Book of Revelations and argued about nothing while the ruling class destroyed everything .
You came to believe that my teachings were somehow consistent with capitalism .
I mean , where did you get that from ?
I ’m the guy who threw the money changers out of the temple .
You think the money changers of Wall Street are going to save you when the ocean dies ?
You think I ’m going to save you with some kind of rapture and vacuum the believers into heaven ?
Not a chance .
But you do have a choice .
You can deal with the ruling class now , or you can burn in a hell of your own creation . ”
BEIJING 
As the nation held its collective breath , China ’s first astronaut , Yang Liwei , floated back to the motherland , having orbited Earth 14 times in the Shenzhou 5 , or Divine Capsule .
It was October 2003 , and the national broadcaster CCTV carried live coverage of the momentous event , from Mr. Yang ’s famous pleasantries uttered in space 
“ I feel good ”  to the instant that workers opened the capsule door to reveal the pale but smiling face of a hero , offering irrefutable evidence that China ’s maiden manned space voyage had gone off without a hitch .
Or had it ?
In a lecture he gave to a group of journalism students last month , a top official at Xinhua , the state news agency , said that the mission was not so picture - perfect .
The official , Xia Lin , described how a design flaw had exposed the astronaut to excessive G - force pressure during re-entry , splitting his lip and drenching his face in blood .
Startled but undaunted by Mr. Yang ’s appearance , the workers quickly mopped up the blood , strapped him back in his seat and shut the door .
Then , with the cameras rolling , the cabin door swung open again , revealing an unblemished moment of triumph for all the world to see .
The content of Mr. Xia ’s speech , transcribed and posted online by someone who attended the May 15 lecture at Tianjin Foreign Studies University , has become something of a sensation in recent days , providing the Chinese a rare insight into how their news is stage - managed for mass consumption .
I have never heard a market - oriented economist argue that a rise in the minimum wage boosts the demand for labor .
You might try this argument : " The government is certifying that these workers are worth this much .
The government is defining the market price .
Entrepreneurs will believe that price and hire workers in the expectation of finding an equivalent or even superior marginal product .
The government said that was the right price . "
No go .
Market - oriented economists instead claim that entrepreneurs " see through " to the real marginal products of these laborers .
The demand for labor , rather than rising , would fall and unemployment would result .
So what happens when the Fed " sets " short - term interest rates or influences other prices ?
What is postulated by monetary misperceptions theories , including Austrian business cycle theory ?
Entrepreneurs no longer see through to the fundamentals .
Instead , entrepreneurs are taken to believe this Fed - influenced rate is the correct price and they make their plans accordingly .
What is the difference between these two cases ?
I believe we need a better theory of when people take price signals as informative and when not .
Too often people just assume that the inferential abilities , or lack thereof , go the way they want them to .
How easy is it to build a GHC cross compiler targeting Windows ?
[ glasgow - haskell - users CC'd , as requested ]
Hi Hamish , Sorry for the delay in replying , things have been busy over the last few days with paper deadlines and suchlike .
On 05/06/2010 15:14 , Hamish Mackenzie wrote : >
We want to try to add Haskell to TakeoffGW ( a new Windows > distribution like cygwin , but using MinGW ) .
TakeoffGW is built using > SUSE 's mingw32 cross compiling system , so I figured the first step > would be to add GHC to that if possible .
> >
I figure we will need to two new GHC packages * mingw32 - cross - ghc > ( GHC cross compiler for building Haskell packages ) * mingw32-ghc > ( Windows GHC compiler to install on users machines ) > >
I am a bit concerned that making a cross compiler to build the >
Haskell packages might not be practical .
So before we spend to much > time on this I thought I should ask how hard it is to build a cross > compiler like this ?
Is it just a matter of setting the correct > configure flags ?
We will have the SUSE 's mingw32 available > ( including binutils and gcc cross compiler ) , but will this be > enough ?
First of all , I think TakeoffGW is a great idea , I 've been hoping that something like this would emerge .
In principle cross-compiling GHC ought to be possible , but actually making it work could be difficult .
It 's hard to predict without trying .
Much of our build system is structured to make cross-compiling work : we have separate build / host / target platforms and generally try to check the correct one , but we almost never actually cross - compile GHC , only when porting GHC to a new platform and there it's a fairly involved manual process .
If I had to guess , I 'd say you 'll probably run into quite a few things that need fixing in the build system to make this work .
Probably nothing fatal , but lots of fiddling around .
It would be worth doing , and we 'll help as much as we can along the way if you want to try .
>
If we can build the cross compiler will we be able to use it to build > the Windows ghc with it ? > >
If there are parts that can't be done we may need to resort to using >
Wine or a Windows machine . > >
I wanted to CC the GHC developers mailing list , but haskell.org is > down .
Could you please CC the appropriate list in your reply ?
Done !
Cheers , Simon
WASHINGTON --
The Homeland Security Department will use unmanned surveillance aircraft and other technological upgrades in its ongoing effort to protect the southern border of the United States .
The department said Wednesday it has obtained Federal Aviation Administration permission to operate unmanned planes along the Texas border and throughout the Gulf Coast region .
Customs and Border Protection will base a surveillance drone at the Corpus Christi Naval Air Station in Texas .
Homeland Security also said it is working with the Office of National Drug Control Policy on " Project Roadrunner , " a license plate recognition system designed to seek out possible drug traffickers .
And the department is collaborating with the Justice Department to improve information sharing between state , local and federal law enforcement agencies .
In a speech at the Center for International and Strategic Studies , a Washington think tank , Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano also announced a new partnership with the Major Cities Chiefs Association .
The agreement would allow non-border cities to provide more assistance to state and local law enforcement agencies that are on the border .
Scott Morrison is Australia ’s new prime minister , beating Peter Dutton by 45 - 40 votes after a week in which the government imploded and the Liberal party tore itself apart .
The third contender , Foreign Minister Julie Bishop , was eliminated in the first round , reportedly receiving only a handful of votes .
The new deputy is the Energy Minister Josh Frydenberg , 47 , from Victoria , who won overwhelmingly , from fellow Victorian Greg Hunt and Queenslander Steve Ciobo .
At a news conference after the ballot Turnbull lashed out at the “ determined insurgency from a number of people both in the party room and backed by voices , powerful voices , in the media ” that brought him down .
“ Peter Dutton and Tony Abbott and others , who chose to deliberately attack the government from within – they did so because they wanted to bring the government down , they wanted to bring my prime ministership down . ”
Turnbull confirmed he will leave parliament “ before too long ” , which would prompt a byelection .
The motion for a spill of the leadership was carried 45 - 40 , an unexpectedly close margin and an indication that Malcolm Turnbull retained substantial support even amid the chaos .
Turnbull , prime minister since he deposed Tony Abbott in 2015 , had promised not to contest the subsequent ballot if the spill was carried .
This was the second vote on the leadership this week – Turnbull beat Dutton 38 - 45 on Tuesday .
The meeting was delayed by some 20 minutes after Turnbull insisted on seeing the petition for the special meeting , and then having the government whip verify the signatures .
Turnbull ’s delaying tactics helped Morrison gather the numbers .
The result is a massive rebuff for Peter Dutton and his conservative backers who have consistently undermined Turnbull ’s leadership .
As he left the meeting , Dutton pledged his “ absolute loyalty ” to Morrison .
Abbott , who backed Dutton and believes Morrison betrayed him in the 2015 leadership coup , declared : “ We have lost the Prime Minister , there is a government to save . ”
Morrison , 50 , from NSW , has been Treasurer since 2015 , and in parliament since 2007 .
He is a former state director of the Liberal party in NSW .
He is socially conservative but is regarded as pragmatic in ideological terms .
As immigration minister in the Abbott government he oversaw stopping the boats .
The vote is seen as meaning the government can be expected to continue current economic policies .
Business will be relieved ; Morrison is a familiar figure in business circles and would have been regarded by far the most preferred of the three candidates .
Dutton ’s floating of ideas like taking the GST off electricity bills may have counted against him , on the grounds of economic irresponsibility .
Also a somewhat equivocal opinion from the Solicitor - General about Dutton ’s eligibility to sit in parliament may have been unhelpful .
This was released shortly before the vote .
Morrison has ahead of him the immense challenge of uniting a fractured party .
A lot will depend on whether the conservatives undermine him or accept their rout quietly .
The conservatives were furious at Turnbull ’s hardball delaying tactics and his emphasis on getting the opinion about Dutton ’s constitutional eligibility .
Given the closeness of the numbers , scrutiny came on Mathias Cormann , Mitch Fifield and Michaelia Cash whose dramatic resignations from the ministry , declaring Turnbull had lost party support , were the killer blow for him .
Arthur Sinodinos , close to Turnbull , who is on long term sick leave , came to Canberra for the vote .
While the Longman byelection was one of the spurs for the challenge , Queensland remains unrepresented in the leadership team .
In his farewell news conference Turnbull went through the achievements of his “ progressive government ” .
“ I have been a reforming Liberal Prime Minister , ” he said , citing the delivery of marriage equality .
Asked about his concessions to the conservatives , he said : “ What I have done always is to try to keep the party together .
And that has meant that from time to time I have had to compromise and make concessions .
“ It ’s something I learnt from my first time as leader that you have to work so hard to keep the show together .
There are – and that ’s the bottom line . ”
He said “ the truth is that the coalition finds it very hard to get agreement on anything to do with emissions ” , he said .
He said the National Energy Guarantee “ was or is a vital piece of economic reform .
It remains the government ’s policy , of course ” .
Senator Eric Abetz , from the Dutton camp , said : “ Today must mark a clean start for the parliamentary Liberal party and having worked with Mr Morrison well over a number of years , I am certain that he will lead a more consultative parliamentary party , be more responsive to issues raised with him and actively seek to bring back together our broad church ” .
Opposition leader Bill Shorten tweeted : “ Liberals : more division , more chaos , more cuts .
Labor : stable , united , 100 % focused on delivering for you and your family . ”
UPDATE
In his news conference , Morrison declared himself and Frydenberg as “ the new generation of Liberal leadership ” .
Frydenberg will become Treasurer in the Morrison government .
Morrison flagged that Dutton would be in his cabinet , and that he was not looking to have an early election .
His first priority was to review drought policy , he said .
On energy policy Morrison reaffirmed the government ’s announced plans to crack down on power companies ’ behaviour , but left vague how the rest of the policy might be changed , saying he would consult with his cabinet .
In terms of other priorities , he said that in healthcare “ I am distressed by the challenge of chronic illness in this country ” .
In comments on values , Morrison said : “ If you have a go in this country , you will get a go .
There is a fair go for those who have a go .
That is what fairness in Australia means . ”
“ We believe that the best form of welfare is a job .
That is what releases people out of poverty .
That is what releases people out of hardship .
The dignity of work , the ability to go and have choices as a result of the efforts you make regardless of your level of ability . ”
___________________________________________
By Michelle Grattan , Professorial Fellow , University of Canberra
This article was originally published on The Conversation .
Read the original article .
TOP IMAGE : Scott Morrison and Josh Frydenberg . ( Lukas Coch / AAP )
One proposed emergency fix to halt global warming is to seed clouds over the ocean to make them more reflective , reducing the solar radiation absorbed by the Earth .
But the scheme could also change global rainfall patterns , raising concerns of water shortages on land .
A new study by the Carnegie Institution , in collaboration with the Indian Institute of Science , suggests that altered atmospheric circulation under the scheme in fact could increase monsoonal rains and cause the continents to become wetter , not drier , on average .
Whitening clouds over the ocean to reflect sunlight is one of several geoengineering schemes proposed to counter global warming .
The whitening would be accomplished by reducing the size of the water droplets making up the clouds .
" Rain clouds , which have big droplets , tend to be grey and absorb sunlight , whereas clouds with smaller droplets tend to be white and fluffy and reflect more sunlight to space , " says co-author Ken Caldeira of the Carnegie Institution 's Department of Global Ecology .
" In practice this could be done by shooting a fine spray of seawater high into the air , where the tiny salt particles would create condensation nucleii to form small cloud droplets . "
To test the climate consequences of doing this , Caldeira and his coauthors * used a computer simulation of the global climate system in which atmospheric carbon dioxide concentrations were set at approximately twice that of present day .
Cloud droplets over the oceans in the model were reduced in size to make the clouds more reflective .
Clouds over land were unaltered .
As expected , the whitened clouds reflected more solar radiation and offset the warming effect of the high carbon dioxide levels .
What surprised the researchers , however , was that the model showed that the oceanic clouds caused the land surface to become cooler and wetter on average .
In previous climate simulations diminishing solar radiation by geoengineering had reduced precipitation on land .
" The drying of the continents has been a major concern with regard to geoengineering , " says Caldeira .
But in the model the runoff from the continents increased by 7.5 % globally , with the effect being strongest in the tropics .
The researchers concluded that the increased precipitation over land was driven by changes in air circulation , similar to the monsoonal pattern that determines rainfall in parts of Asia .
" Monsoons occur when air masses over land are warmer than air masses over the ocean , and this draws in cool , moist air from over the ocean which then drops rain over the land , " says Caldeira .
In the simulations , the reflective oceanic clouds preferentially cooled the air over the oceans relative to land , setting up a monsoonal air flow .
Caldeira stresses that their study , in which all marine clouds worldwide were uniformly whitened , cannot be used to predict the geographic patterns of rainfall that might develop as a result of geoengineering .
" In real life , there are only certain parts of the ocean in which you could make the cloud droplets smaller , " he says .
Areas downwind of land , such as off the east coast of the United States , are already laden with particles of dust and pollution , so adding more particles will not significantly change cloud cover .
" An actual deployment would be much patchier than in our study , and the result would therefore be somewhat different .
But our basic result calls into question previous assumptions about the impact of this geoengineering scheme .
It merits further investigation . "
ORANGE BEACH , Ala . --
When tourists and owners at Sugar Beach condominiums started tracking oil and tar from the sand onto a boardwalk Saturday morning , property manager Patrick McIntosh called BP PLC and asked for a cleanup crew .
He expected that help would be there in minutes , as that 's what he said he was told during meetings with city officials earlier in the week .
Instead , he said he was asked if the property was public or private .
After answering private , McIntosh said , he was told that he would have to file a claim and clean the boardwalk himself .
The operator asked for his e-mail address and phone number .
" It 's BP 's problem , " he said midday Saturday .
" I do n't understand why they can 't . "
He got a slightly different response an hour or so later when he called again , he said .
This time , the operator told him she was unsure whether BP would clean the boardwalk .
Just afterward , McIntosh said , he spotted about 50 to 75 workers about a mile away at a state park , and figured they were headed east toward his Orange Beach condominium .
By 2 p.m. , however , the workers disappeared .
Heavy rains began to fall , and oil still stained the beach in front of the condominium units .
" They never got within an eighth of a mile , and there was plenty of ( oil - stained ) beach to the east of us , " McIntosh said .
Speaking in Orange Beach on Saturday afternoon , BP PLC Senior Vice President Bob Fryar told reporters that crews responded in 45 minutes or so to oil landfall on local shores .
Officials attending the press conference challenged that , however , saying some had been reported and four to six hours later still had not been cleaned up .
McIntosh said that he does n't have the means to clean up the 50 - foot boardwalk that leads from the sand to the condo .
" Obviously , if they 're using hazmat people , I should do the same , and I 'm not going to take the risk of a lawsuit and use my janitorial service , " McIntosh said .
" I did n't want to file a claim .
All I wanted them to do is clean that little area . "
McIntosh said he planned to call BP again today .
" As soon as the city opens up Monday , I 'm going to City Hall , asking them if they can help me , " McIntosh said .
" At this point , I 'm not worried as much about the deck as I am the beach . "
( Staff Reporter Connie Baggett contributed to this report . )
Unfortunately overshadowed by Armando Gallaraga ’s blown perfect game was the announcement that one of the best baseball player ’s of the last two decades was retiring :
SEATTLE ( AP ) —
In his prime , Ken Griffey Jr. was considered the best player in baseball , on pace to rewrite the record books .
Injuries derailed his chance to become the home run king .
His spot as one of the game ’s all - time greats is without question .
Now relegated to part - time duty and with little pop left in that perfect swing , Griffey unexpectedly decided Wednesday night to retire after 22 mostly brilliant seasons .
The Kid that once saved baseball in the Pacific Northwest with his backward hat , giddy teenage smile and unrivaled talent , had become a shell of the player who dominated the 1990s .
(…)
A star from the time he was the overall No. 1 pick in the 1987 draft , Griffey also played with his hometown Cincinnati Reds and the Chicago White Sox .
He hit .284 with 1,836 RBIs .
But his greatest seasons , by far , came in Seattle .
Griffey played in 1,685 games with the Mariners and hit .292 with 417 homers , most coming in the homer - friendly Kingdome , and 1,216 RBIs .
He won the AL MVP in 1997 and practically saved a franchise that was in danger of relocating when he first came up .
Griffey returned to the Mariners in 2009 and almost single - handedly transformed what had been a fractured , bickering clubhouse with his leadership , energy and constant pranks .
Griffey signed a one - year deal last November for one more season in Seattle after he was carried off the field by his teammates after the final game of 2009 .
He hit .214 last season with 19 homers as a part - time DH .
He was limited by a swollen left knee that required an operation in the offseason .
But the bat never came alive in 2010 .
Griffey was hitting only .184 with no homers and seven RBIs and recently went a week without playing .
There was a report earlier this season — which Griffey denied — that he ’d fallen asleep in the clubhouse during a game .
The swing that hit as many as 56 homers in a season had lost its punch and Griffey seemed to understand his time was coming to a close .
Guess which film knocked Prince of Persia off the top spot at the Danish box office this week .
Sex and the City 2 ? Valhalla Rising 3 ? Wrong : it 's a new film called Armadillo , by young Danish director Janus Metz , that has provoked a furious debate in Denmark since its premiere in Cannes last week .
The film , its director calculates , has already been the subject of 300 to 400 articles in the Danish press .
The Danish minister of defence , Gitte Lillelund Bech , has seen it , as have many other politicians and senior members of the military , who have now commissioned an inquiry into events it shows .
There has been such a clamour among the public to see it that the film has been rushed into cinemas this week , almost two months in advance of its original release date .
Armadillo is the name of the " forward operating base " in Helmand province , Afghanistan that is home to 170 Danish and British soldiers .
The incident that caused particular consternation comes toward the end of the documentary when the Danish soldiers are caught in a firefight with the Taliban .
The soldiers are exhilarated after they finally kill their adversaries .
What has shocked Danish public opinion is the suggestion ( as one soldier later puts it ) that they " liquidated wounded people and piled up the dead to take pictures of ourselves as heroes " .
Armadillo does n't offer conclusive proof that the Danish soldiers broke the rules of engagement .
Nonetheless , the very possibility that they might have done is startling in itself .
The public has been shocked by the level of brutality shown by Metz .
The notion that the Danes are in Afghanistan on a peacekeeping mission and spend their days building schools and " giving out candy to kids " is clearly no longer tenable .
What really happened when the Taliban in the ditch were killed is unlikely ever to be unravelled .
Says Metz : " It was my intention to place the viewer in a position where he could say that it 's not even possible to know what was going on .
Maybe the soldiers do n't even know themselves . "
Metz says he grew very close to the soldiers he was filming .
" The whole question of embeddedness carries this paradox .
You become ' one of them ' , lose your critical perspective and start becoming a soldier yourself .
But you have to step back and be able to describe . "
Metz says he was " not out to expose the soldiers , or pull their pants down . "
He simply set out to be as honest as possible about their experiences .
" When you manage to defeat your enemy , there is great relief and great exhilaration .
Maybe we 're looking at something that goes to the core of something very human , " Metz says .
" The soldiers are so close to death and they actually kill someone .
The way they handle the bodies afterwards maybe testifies to something at the very core of humanity – of our grubby human nature .
War has always been there .
It has always been part of us . "
Armadillo has many of the hallmarks of fictional war movies .
We see the young soldiers at home in Denmark , preparing to go to the front for the first time .
In Afghanistan itself , they watch porn on laptops while on night duty , and relish the camaraderie of being part of a tight - knit platoon .
However , their bravado is soon undermined .
During a firefight , one doe - eyed young soldier is wounded .
His baffled , mud-encrusted face makes it very clear that this is n't just paintball .
At the same time , Metz also tries to show the experience of the Afghans themselves .
He highlights the plight of farmers caught between western soldiers ( with guns ) and Taliban insurgents ( also with guns ) .
These farmers have to cope as their cattle are killed and their crops trampled .
Politicians have reacted to Armadillo as the film - makers expected , and along party lines .
" They have used it to argue for their own opinions , " producer Ronnie Fridthjof says .
" The left wing says , ' Oh , this proves we need to get out of the war ' ; whereas the right wing say , ' Our boys are doing a really good job ! ' "
Metz himself refuses to be drawn on the central question of whether the Danish troops should still be in Afghanistan .
" I am not really a politician .
I am a film - maker preoccupied with film - making questions , " he says .
" Having said that , I think it 's very important that we start taking Afghans more into consideration when we are talking about Afghanistan , and that we start looking more at the history of the country .
Many of the Afghans I have spoken to see the international forces as people who 've just landed from the moon . "
Home
The purpose of the SAFECode project is to enable program safety without garbage collection and with minimal run-time checks using static analysis when possible and run-time checks when necessary .
SAFECode defines a code representation with minimal semantic restrictions designed to enable static enforcement of safety , using aggressive compiler techniques developed in this project .
SAFECode is designed to provide the following safety guarantees :
Array bounds checking ( prevents pointers from overflowing from one memory object into another )
Loads and stores only access valid memory objects
Type safety for a subset of memory objects proven to be type - safe
Sound operational semantics in the face of dangling pointer errors ( i.e. , all safety guarantees hold even when dangling pointers are dereferenced ) .
Optional dangling pointer detection ( induces more overhead )
The SAFECode and SVA research is funded by grants from AFRL Contract # FA8650-10 - C-7022 , the National Science Foundation , the DoD Multi- disciplinary University Research Initiative ( MURI ) , Apple Computer , Inc. , and the University of Illinois .
Just half an hour extra in bed ' makes teenagers happier and more alert '
Giving teenagers half an hour of extra sleep before school each day dramatically improves their behaviour , a study has found .
Youngsters who had 30 minutes more shut - eye were more alert and in a better mood in class , were less likely to be late for lessons and even ate healthier breakfasts .
' The results were stunning .
There 's no other word to use , ' said Patricia Moss , the head of the Rhode Island boarding school where the research took place .
' We did n't think we'd get that much bang for the buck . '
Teens tend to be in their deepest sleep around dawn - when they typically need to get up for school ( posed )
Researchers say even 30 minutes can make a big difference because teens tend to be in their deepest sleep around dawn - when they typically need to get up for school .
Interrupting that sleep can leave them groggy , especially since they also tend to have trouble falling asleep before 11 pm .
Study author Dr Judith Owens from Hasbro Children 's Hospital , Rhode Island , said : ' There 's biological science to this that I think provides compelling evidence as to why this makes sense . '
Overall , 201 high school students completed sleep habit surveys before and after the nine - week experiment last year .
The results were so impressive that the school made the change permanent , Patricia Moss said .
Starting times were shifted from 8 to 8:30 .
All class times were cut 5 to 10 minutes to avoid a longer school day that would interfere with after - school activities .
The portion of students reporting at least eight hours of sleep on school nights jumped from about 16 per cent to almost 55 per cent .
Reports of daytime sleepiness dropped substantially , from 49 per cent to 20 per cent .
First - period lateness fell by almost half , students reported feeling less depressed or irritated during the day , health centre rest visits dropped substantially ; and the number of hot breakfasts served more than doubled .
Recent graduate Garrett Sider , 18 , used the extra time for sleep .
He noticed kids took part more often in morning classes with the later start time .
' It was a positive thing for the entire school , ' he said .
The study was designed to look at changes in sleep habits and behavior and did n't examine academic performance .
It also lacked a control group of students who did n't experience a change in school start times - another limitation .
Still , the researchers said the results show delaying school starting times is worthwhile .
The results appear in July 's Archives of Pediatrics & Adolescent Medicine .
An Archives editorial said the study adds to 'a growing body of evidence that changing the start time for high schools is good for adolescents . '
Mel Riddile , an associate director at the National Association of Secondary School Principals in the U.S , favours later class times for teens but said most districts oppose it .
' It 's about adult convenience , it 's not about learning , ' he said .
The carnage has cut a wide arc through Mexico and underscored the gangsters ' brazen willingness to take on military troops and Mexican federal police in direct combat .
Among this week 's victims were 12 federal police officers ambushed Monday by presumed gangsters in western Michoacan state and three others bushwhacked in northern Chihuahua state .
Army troops shot it out with gunmen Tuesday in Taxco , a tourist mecca 100 miles south of Mexico City , killing 15 alleged criminals .
" The difference now is that the criminals and security forces are clashing more frequently , " said Raul Benitez - Manaut , a national security analyst .
" The criminals are directly challenging the government . "
Heavy violence
The conflict constitutes the most serious organized violence since the Mexican Revolution began a century ago .
And it has become one of the largest armed conflicts in the world .
For example , the more than 2,700 people murdered last year in Ciudad Juarez outstrips the combat fatalities suffered by civilians and Allied troops in Afghanistan during the same period , according to statistics compiled by United Nations and private analysts .
On Wednesday , investigators recovered the bodies of five city police officers butchered in a Monterrey suburb .
Dozens of policemen have been killed in the Monterrey area in recent months .
The governor of Nayarit , the state that includes the small beach resorts outside Puerto Vallarta popular with U.S. tourists , cancelled the remainder of the school year .
Parents had panicked amid rumors that gangsters were going to target drug rivals ' children following gun battles in the state capital that killed 30 people during the weekend .
Gov. Ney Gonzalez called on Calderón to send federal troops to Nayarit , which had n't suffered significant gang violence until recently .
" Society asks the government to act , and we are going to act , " Gonzalez told the newspaper Universal on Wednesday .
" This is our territory .
We are going to protect and defend it . "
Calderón cancelled a public event Wednesday morning to meet with his national council .
Easy access to weapons
In a nationally televised address Tuesday , he again blamed much of the unrest on demand for illegal drugs in the United States and on Mexican gangsters ' easy access to assault weapons bought in Texas and other U.S. states .
But Calderón also argued that government officials ' historical connivance with the gangs was largely responsible for the power they have accumulated .
He said the crackdown is essential as gangs increasingly sell drugs to Mexican consumers , extort businesses and private citizens and challenge the government 's control .
Underworld warfare has killed more than 23,000 Mexicans since Calderón launched his crackdown upon taking office in December 2006 .
At least 1,200 people have been killed so far this year in Juarez , Mexico 's most violent city and one of the most dangerous in the world .
Though soldiers and the federal police have clashed with the gangsters , Mexico until now had essentially suffered through a civil war among the criminal gangs .
In Calderón 's home state of Michoacan , the La Familia criminal organization has fought Zetas and other rivals as well as the federal police and army .
Officials also blame La Familia gunmen for the ambush Monday that killed 12 federal policemen .
Cartels at war
Along the cities bordering South Texas and into Monterrey , the so - called Gulf Cartel has gone to war with the Zetas , paramilitary gunmen who once worked for it .
Rivalries between former underlings of drug boss Arturo Beltran - Leyva , who was killed by Mexican marines last December , have fueled the killing in that city as well as Cuernavaca , Acapulco and the suburbs of Mexico City .
Six addicts were murdered at a drug rehabilitation center in Ciudad Juarez , bordering El Paso on Wednesday .
Another 19 addicts were killed at another center in the Chihuahua state capital June 10 .
Analysts say addicts also are members of street gangs allied with warring trafficking organizations and , so , are targeted .
On Monday , 28 inmates were butchered by gang rivals at a state prison in the Pacific port city of Mazatlan .
And the bodies of 18 men and two women were dumped on streets near the Gulf Coast city of Tampico on Friday morning .
" They are still lacking important elements of a successful strategy , " Benitez - Manaut , the analyst , said of Mexican security forces .
" But as long as the gangsters are killing each other the government is winning . "
dudley.althaus@chron.com
Investigators and pundits alike are fond of calling for ‘ more research ’ into the safety and efficacy of marijuana and its active compounds .
Ironically , when such calls are heeded and new research is published , nobody wants to talk about it .
For example , researchers at the State University of New York ( SUNY ) , Upstate Medical University in Syracuse published data in the June issue of the journal Pharmacology concluding that the administration of the plant cannabinoids delta-8 - THC and delta-9 - THC halted cellular respiration and tumor growth in human oral cancer cells .
Specifically , investigators reported that cannabinoids were a “ potent inhibitor ” of Tu183 human cancer cells , a notoriously difficult to treat type of oral cancer .
Of course , this is hardly the first time that pot ’s compounds have been demonstrated to possess anti-cancer properties .
As has been widely reported here and elsewhere , US government researchers were first aware of this finding over 35 years ago , and today there exist published scientific studies demonstrating that cannabinoids can inhibit the proliferation of a wide range of cancers — including brain cancer , prostate cancer , breast cancer , lung cancer , skin cancer , pancreatic cancer , biliary tract cancer , and lymphoma .
Nonetheless , abstract prohibitionist concerns regarding marijuana ’s supposed cancer risk continue to dominate the headlines while actual scientific studies debunking these allegations tend to go unnoticed .
Similarly , preclinical data published online last week in the journal Cell Communication and Signaling reported that the administration of the non-psychoactive cannabinoid cannabidiol ( CBD ) increases adult neurogenesis ( the active production of new neurons ) in laboratory animals .
Authors speculated that cannabis ’ pro-neurogenic effects may explain why the plant appears to be useful in the treatment of certain neurodegenerative disorders like Alzheimer ’s disease or ALS .
As I wrote last week , to date there are now over 20,000 published studies or reviews in the scientific literature pertaining to marijuana and its active compounds — making marijuana the most studied plant on Earth .
But what ’s the point in further research if nobody even bothers to pay attention to the research that ’s already been done ?
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
An amazing painting of a narwhal , a Superman T - shirt , a cone of awesomeness and a voodoo doll .
This arbiter was actually able to trick me into thinking that I was n't the one getting the painting .
Good job , SporkEnthusiast :D
ippnw bulletin
Fukushima :
Put an end to the nuclear age , 4 page leaflet , download as pdf file .
The Health Legacy of Chernobyl , 4 page leaflet , download as pdf file .
David has joined the cast of a remake of Fright Night .
A BBC News report follows :
Former Doctor
Who actor David Tennant is to star in Hollywood remake Fright Night , according to a US report .
The Scotsman will play a character originally portrayed by Roddy McDowall in the 1985 movie , says industry publication The Hollywood Reporter .
The actor , who was replaced by Matt Smith as the Time Lord , will be making his first major foray into US film .
He previously appeared in the pilot of TV show Rex Is Not Your Lawyer , which was not made into a full series .
Fright Night , which is being made by Dreamworks , will also star Toni Collette as the mother of a teenager who harbours suspicions that his new neighbour - played by Colin Farrell - is a vampire .
Russian - born actor Anton Yelchin , who appeared in Star Trek and Terminator Salvation , has been cast as the boy Charley Brewster .
Tennant will play Peter Vincent , a Las Vegas magician who claims to possess expert knowledge of vampires .
The film will be directed by Craig Gillespie , whose other credits include cult hit Lars and The Real Girl .
Work on the movie is due to start next month .
You can read the original Hollywood Reporter article below :
David Tennant , best known for starring in the BBC series “ Doctor Who , ” and Christopher Mintz - Plasse are joining the cast of “ Fright Night , ” DreamWorks ’ remake of the cult 1985 film .
Tennant and Mintz - Plasse join Anton Yelchin as Charlie , a teen convinced that his new neighbor ( Colin Farrell ) is a vampire .
Toni Collette is the teen ’s disbelieving mom , who falls under the vampire ’s spell .
Tennant will play Peter Vincent , a character who in the original movie was played by Roddy McDowall as the host of a late - night horror show .
In the remake , he ’s a Las Vegas magician whose show revolves around horror - movie imagery .
Vincent claims to be a vampire expert , but when the teen turns to him for assistance , he ’s less than helpful .
Mintz - Plasse is playing Evil Ed , Yelchin ’s friend who feels slighted that Charlie has left his nerdy past behind and thus joins the vampire ’s coven .
The movie marks the first real foray into America for Tennant .
He starred in the NBC pilot “ Rex Is Not Your Lawyer , ” but it did not get picked up .
He is repped by UTA and Independent Talent Group .
UTA - repped Mintz - Plasse , meanwhile , is continuing to show that there is life after McLovin , the character he played in his acting debut in “ Superbad . ”
He recently was onscreen as the Red Mist in “ Kick - Ass . ”
Michael De Luca and Alison R. Rosenzweig are producing “ Fright , ” which Craig Gillespie is directing .
Lloyd Ivan Miller , Michael Gaeta and Josh Bratman are exec producing .
The movie will be released through Disney .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The United States is indirectly paying tens of millions of dollars in protection money to Afghan warlords , and potentially to the Taliban , to secure convoys carrying supplies to U.S. troops in Afghanistan , congressional investigators said in a report .
A U.S. Marines convoy from Kilo Company , 3rd Battallion , 6th Marines travels in Marjah district , Helmand province March 30 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Asmaa Waguih
The Pentagon ’s system of outsourcing to private companies the task of moving supplies in Afghanistan , and leaving it up to them to provide their own security , frees U.S. troops to focus on counterinsurgency .
But its unintended consequences undermine U.S. efforts to curtail corruption and build an effective Afghan government , according to the report to be reviewed at a congressional hearing on Tuesday .
“ This arrangement has fueled a vast protection racket run by a shadowy network of warlords , strongmen , commanders , corrupt Afghan officials , and perhaps others , ” Representative John Tierney , chairman of a House of Representatives national security subcommittee , said in a statement .
Tierney , a Democrat , said the system “ runs afoul ” of the Defense Department ’s own rules and may be undermining the U.S. strategic effort in Afghanistan .
The report by the subcommittee ’s Democratic staff called protection payments “ a significant potential source of funding for the Taliban , ” citing numerous documents , incidents reports and emails that refer to attempts at Taliban extortion along the road .
Congressional investigators began looking into the Defense Department ’s $ 2.16 billion Host Nation Trucking ( HNT ) contract in November 2009 .
The contract covers 70 percent of the food , fuel , ammunition and other supply distributions to U.S. troops in Afghanistan .
“ HNT contractors and trucking subcontractors in Afghanistan pay tens of millions of dollars annually to local warlords across Afghanistan in exchange for ‘ protection ’ for HNT supply convoys to support U.S. troops , ” the report said .
“ The HNT contractors frequently referred to such payments as ‘ extortion , ’ ‘ bribes , ’ ‘ special security , ’ and / or ‘ protection payments , ’ ” the document said .
Many contractors have told U.S. military officials that warlords were demanding protection payments in exchange for safe passage and that these payments were funding the insurgency , the report said .
But the contractors concerns were never appropriately addressed , it said .
It faults the Pentagon for a lack of effective oversight of its supply chain and private security contractors .
“ The Department of Defense has little to no visibility into what happens to the trucks carrying U.S. supplies between the time they leave the gate to the time they arrive at their destination , ” the report said .
The congressional investigators said the Defense Department must take direct responsibility for the contractors to ensure robust oversight .
They also recommended a top - to - bottom evaluation of the secondary effects of the HNT contract , including an analysis of corruption and the impact on Afghan politics .
Scientists have come up with fresh evidence supporting the theory that a vast ocean covered much of the Martian northern hemisphere 3.5 billion years ago .
The work paints a picture of a possible Earth - like planet , warm enough to have rivers , sea shore beaches and an ocean covering a third of the surface .
On Earth , marine deltas can have a range of different features , tides , morphologies and geological make up .
But the one thing they all have in common is that they are located at the same elevation , sea level .
Now a report in the journal Nature Geoscience , by Dr Bryan Hynek and Gaetano Di Achille from the University of Colorado , claims a survey of ancient delta deposits at similar elevations on Mars appear to show them draining into a huge ancient ocean .
For decades scientists have been debating whether or not a global ocean once covered the flat lowland regions of the northern Martian hemisphere .
Martian river deltas
" If Mars had an extensive hydrological cycle in the past , with rain , groundwater reservoirs , ice sheets and surface run-off towards lakes and possibly a northern hemisphere ocean , then there should be evidence of deltas ringing the margins of these lowlands at a common elevation , " said Mr Di Achille .
" Likewise , river valleys draining into such an ocean should also flow down to the same elevation , and should n't be found below this level . "
To test their theory Dr Hynek and Mr Di Achille used global databases of known deltaic deposits and valley networks , together with topography data from a laser altimeter aboard NASA 's Mars Observer spacecraft which is orbiting the red planet .
They assumed most of the planet 's current topographical features were in place by the end of the Martian Noachian era about 3.5 billion years ago .
As the researchers put their data together they found the shoreline they were drawing was broadly consistent with palaeoshorelines suggested by previous studies .
They also studied deltas formed in closed basins to look for any ancient aquifers saturating the crust and systematically emerging on the surface .
In all 52 delta formations were examined along the border between the northern lowlands and southern highlands .
Common elevation
" More than half of the elevations examined turned out being at the same level , and so based on that data , the findings support the idea of an ocean on Mars , " Mr Di Achille said .
" While the findings provide a significant piece of the puzzle they do n't paint the full picture .
They do n't confirm the existence of such an ocean , but simply provide further evidence supporting theories about a large ancient ocean . "
He says the next question is what happened to all the water .
" Did it simply freeze in the Martian ice caps , did it soak down below ground , or was it all degassed into space ? "
" The next mission to Mars in 2013 will try to understand how important the loss of gas from the atmosphere was for conditions on Mars .
This will give us a better understanding of what happened to all the water 3.5 billion years ago . "
How To Be Tight ( Episode 1 )
Featured at UCB , on Comedy Central 's " AtomTV " , Digg , FunnyorDie , Cracked and Collegehumor
COCKNEY will disappear from use on London streets within a generation , and be replaced by the kind of English dialect spoken by Ali G , according to new research .
The 650 - year - old cockney accent is dying off in the UK capital , as traditional speakers emigrate to the Home Counties of Essex and Hertfordshire , The Evening Standard newspaper reports .
It is being replaced by multicultural London English , heavily influenced by West Indian patois , Bangladeshi and remnants of old cockney .
" In much of the East End of London , the cockney dialect that we hear now spoken by older people will have disappeared within a generation , " said researcher Paul Kerswill , who is a professor of sociolinguistics at Lancaster University .
" People in their 40s will be the last generation to speak it and it will be gone within 30 years . "
Since the 1960s east London has become home to immigrants from the West Indies and the Indian subcontinent , as well as South America , Africa and central Asia .
The new hybrid language that has developed as a result is known in slang terms as " Jafaican " , which is used by the likes of comedy character Ali G and rapper Dizzee Rascal .
Professor Kerswill will publish his full findings next year .
Originally published as Cor blimey !
Cockney dying out in London
If it ’s your dream of owning a home that has never been lived in and reflects your tastes , you ’re a candidate to build a custom modular home .
Modern modular construction creates homes that are beautiful both inside and out .
In this age of automation , there are a number of benefits to this ultra - efficient building method .
The difference is the process …
Traditional home construction has remained basically unchanged for almost 200 years .
Materials arrive at the home site and are individually cut and assembled outdoors in the elements by laborers , regardless of their experience and expertise .
The process produces excessive waste , wrestles with maintaining schedules , and exposes materials to moisture creating a potential breeding ground for mold and mildew .
The process creates beautiful homes but has always struggled to produce homes that promote a healthy and safe living environment for families that present - day building methods provide .
Modular homes use simultaneous in - factory manufacturing and onsite foundation work to create structures that are built - to - last up to 50 % faster than those using conventional construction .
Building off site insures better construction quality management .
Materials that are delivered to the construction facility are safely and securely stored in a protected warehouse to prevent damage or deterioration from moisture and the elements .
With prefab homes , the construction process is carefully engineered to create a sequence of steps that is repeated precisely on every module .
The assembly line method decreases the variability that occurs on a site - built project .
The automated processes within a modular factory are dedicated to creating high quality homes with inspections at each station .
This virtually eliminates on - the - fly decisions and drastically reduces unexpected complications that can regularly occur in the field for homes built with traditional construction .
Construction productivity ; how fast , how well , and at what cost a home can be constructed — directly impacts the price of a home .
Modular homes can be provided at the highest value because they take advantage of the modern modular building technique .
Overall , the extra care in the construction process will make your custom modular home stronger , to meet the demands of being transported from the factory to your home site , as well as exploiting advanced construction techniques to make it last longer than a traditional site built home .
AIG repayment prospects fade
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Taxpayers have lent AIG $ 132.6 billion , but getting that money back is looking less likely .
The sale of AIG 's Asian life insurance unit for more than $ 35 billion would have helped a lot , but the deal went bust this week when the buyer , Prudential PLC , sought a lower price .
Now the troubled insurer is essentially back to square one with its repayment strategy -- though AIG Chief Executive Robert Benmosche remains upbeat about the options regarding AIA , and maintains that AIG will pay back its loans in full .
The AIG ( AIG , Fortune 500 ) bailout came from three main sources .
First , there was $ 52 billion in loans from the Federal Reserve Bank of New York .
The plan was to pay back the New York Fed with proceeds from the AIA sale and the planned $ 15.5 billion sale to MetLife ( MET , Fortune 500 ) of another life insurance unit named Alico .
Now AIG will likely try to sell AIA through an initial public offering , though given the recent market turmoil , it probably will generate less for AIG than the Prudential deal would have .
AIG also got a bailout from the Treasury Department , in the form of an ownership stake that can be converted into about 80 % of AIG 's common shares , and a $ 49.1 billion stake in the company 's private shares .
Currently , AIG has no precise plan to repay the Treasury .
The company said it planned on paying back the New York Fed first , then repay its remaining loans with profits .
But paying back the Treasury loan with profits alone does not appear feasible : Benmosche has predicted that AIG will be able to earn between $ 6 billion and $ 8 billion after taxes next year .
Even if AIG maintained that income level for years and sent all of its profit to the government , it would take until 2018 to fully repay the Treasury .
" The recovery [ of Treasury 's ] interest will largely depend on the performance of the remaining businesses in the AIG portfolio after it completes its asset sales and how they are valued in the stock market , " said Jim Millstein , Treasury 's chief restructuring officer , at a bailout watchdog 's hearing on AIG last week .
" It remains unclear what the Treasury 's ultimate recovery will be . "
The Treasury has the option of selling its 80 % stake in AIG on the stock market , but a Treasury official said that would n't likely result in taxpayers getting all of their money back .
The government 's interest is currently worth roughly $ 20 billion , but Treasury noted that a massive sale of AIG 's stock would lower the share price , resulting in a lower sum .
Meanwhile , AIG has not paid the dividend on its TARP loan for six consecutive quarters , resulting in about $ 5 billion of lost payments .
According to its deal with Treasury , AIG does not need to make up for missed dividend payments .
Instead , the government can assign two new board directors after four consecutive skipped payments -- a right that Treasury only recently took advantage of in April .
If there is any good news for taxpayers , it comes from the third bailout source : Asset purchases by the Federal Reserve .
In 2008 , the Fed bought up assets from AIG 's business partners to free the insurer from having to continually post collateral on the assets as they plummeted in value .
The Fed spent $ 31.5 billion on the assets , which it put into two new companies called Maiden Lane II and Maiden Lane III .
AIG does not owe that money to the Fed .
Rather , the Fed plans on selling the assets for a profit as their market value increases .
According to the Fed , those assets are now worth $ 39.2 billion .
If the government were to sell them today , those Maiden Lane assets would yield a profit of $ 7.7 billion .
Unconfirmed reports are saying that the latest update to the Android operating system - -" Froyo , " or version 2.2 -- should be hitting the Motorola Droid sometime in the next two weeks .
But what about the rest of the smartphone market ?
When 's Froyo time for them ?
Unconfirmed reports are saying that the latest update to the Android operating system - -" Froyo , " or version 2.2 -- should be hitting the Motorola Droid sometime in the next two weeks .
Motorola initially stated that the update would be happening " sometime this summer , " and it appears that its initial Droid phone will be getting first dibs .
However , do n't erroneously assume that the update applies to all Motorola Droid phones -- we 're talking about the to - be - released Droid X device that 's scheduled to ship July 15 .
According to a post on Droidforums.net , the Droid X will receive its bump up to the 2.2 version of the Android operating system at some point in August .
Jumping carriers , Sprint 's HTC EVO 4G smartphone should see an update to 2.2 Froyo , " in the near future , " according to a recent statement by the company .
There 's been no word as to when Froyo 's coming to HTC's Droid Incredible , but the company insists that it's on the way at some point in the second half of the year .
For the most part , a number of carriers and manufacturers are yet - undecided about their Froyo rollouts -- Samsung 's Galaxy S devices will receive it somewhere down the line , as will the Dell Streak and HTC's Legend , Desire , and Wildfire devices .
T - Mobile 's MyTouch line of smartphones should also get Froyo by the end of the year , but that 's as specific of a timetable as has been announced .
The only smartphone that 's received an official Froyo rollout has been , naturally , Google 's own Nexus One device .
On the flip side , a number of phones have been ruled out of Android 2.2 : Do n't expect to see Froyo hit T - Mobile 's G1 device , HTC's Hero , nor Samsung 's Moment .
These devices will be missing out on the OS update 's more noteworthy features , including :
Performance boosts
Portable Wi-Fi hotspot functionality
Automatic application updates
Desktop - based music streaming
USB - based tethering
Adobe Flash and Adobe Air support
New camera controls
New Exchange features , including Remote Wipe , Calendars , and Auto - Discovery
Be sure to check out PCMag 's hands - on experience with the new Froyo update for even more inklings as to what 's heading your way at some nebulous point in the future !
June 14 , 2010  --
Oklahoma is poised to become the first state in the nation to ban state judges from relying on Islamic law known as Sharia when deciding cases .
The ban is a cornerstone of a " Save our State " amendment to the Oklahoma constitution that was recently approved by the Legislature .
The amendment -- which also would forbid judges from using international laws as a basis for decisions -- will now be put before Oklahoma 's voters in November .
Approval is expected .
Oklahoma has few Muslims – only 30,000 out of a population of 3.7 million .
The prospect of sharia being applied there seems remote .
But a chief architect of the measure , Republican State Rep. Rex Duncan , calls the proposed ban a necessary " preemptive strike " against Islamic law coming to the state .
" I see this in the future somewhere in America , " Duncan , who chairs the state House Judiciary Committee , told ABC News .
" It 's not an imminent threat in Oklahoma yet , but it 's a storm on the horizon in other states . "
Sharia – which means " path " in Arabic – governs many aspects of Muslim life and influences the legal code in a majority of Muslim countries .
There are many interpretations of what Sharia means , but in some countries strict interpretations " are used to justify cruel punishments such an amputation and stoning as well as unequal treatment of women in inheritance , dress and independence , " according to the Council on Foreign Relations .
Sharia has gained a toehold in some western countries , notably Great Britain , where five sharia courts have been established to settle certain disputes among Muslims , with the government 's blessing .
The proposed Oklahoma amendment is aimed , in part , at " cases of first impression , " legal disputes in which there is no law or precedent to resolve the matter at hand .
In such cases , judges might look to laws or rulings in other jurisdictions for guidance .
The proposed amendment would block judges in Oklahoma courts from drawing on sharia , or the laws of other nations , in such decisions .
The amendment also is a response to what some conservatives see as a pernicious trend -- cases of liberal judges mostly notably Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsberg , using foreign laws to shape their opinions in U.S. cases .
" It should not matter what France might do , what Great Britain might do , or what the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia might do , " Duncan said .
" Court decisions ought to be based on federal law , or state law . "
Oklahoma Law May Not Be Constitutional
Legal experts contacted by ABC News said they did not know of one instance of a judge in the U.S. invoking sharia in rendering a decision .
" Cases of first impression are rare , " said Jim Cohen , a professor at the Fordham University School of Law in New York City , adding , " I have never heard of a case " involving sharia .
Cohen added that he questions whether the proposed amendment would pass constitutional muster .
" Our federal system and our state system is in part governed by the concept of separation of powers .
It 's far from clear that the Oklahoma legislature can restrict what a separate branch of government can consider in terms of doing its job – in this case , deciding cases , " he said .
" I think this is a political statement against Muslims and , inferentially , in support of United States values , " Cohen said .
Duncan said that is not the case .
" The only entities that could oppose this measure are those that admittedly support applying international law and sharia law in American courts .
If that 's what they think they need to be bold enough to say so . "
This is a sneak preview of AKAI Pro SynthStation , a new app that looks like it ’s going to have some people rethinking their ideas about iPad Music Software .
SynthStation combines sequencing , beatmaking , synthesis , MPC - style pads and XY effects control in one app .
Features :
Three virtual - analog synthesizers , each with three oscillators
Range of drum kits and sequencer
Create melodic and accompaniment parts using arpeggiator with preset patterns
Unlimited creativity with effects and filters
More SynthStation action below !
Although SynthStation runs on the iPad , it is also designed for iPhone & iPod Touch .
This shows the FX engine , sequence switching and the virtual MPC pads in SynthStation .
SynthStation is a full synthesizer for iPhone and iPod Touch .
via AkaiProVideo :
The Johnson & Johnson unit whose recall of liquid children ’s Tylenol and other pediatric medicines is under Congressional investigation said on Tuesday evening that it was recalling additional over - the - counter drugs .
McNeil Consumer
Healthcare , the Johnson & Johnson unit , said that it was recalling four lots of certain Benadryl allergy tablets and one lot of Extra Strength Tylenol gel pills .
McNeil did not respond to a reporter ’s query about how many bottles those lots amounted to .
The company said in a statement that “ the products were inadvertently omitted ” from an earlier recall  one preceding the children ’s drug recall  involving medicines made at a company plant in Puerto Rico .
Since last November , McNeil has recalled about 11.7 million bottles of various Motrin products and about 6.3 million bottles of Tylenol Arthritis Pain caplets made at that Puerto Rico plant , according to the F.D.A. ’s Web site .
The company began the recall after receiving consumer complaints about a moldy odor emanating from some products .
Turkish journalist Adem Ozkose was aboard the Mavi Marmara when it was boarded by the IDF , and he is the person credited with the photos that were misleadingly cropped by someone unknown .
( And Reuters has ignored requests for more information and accountability , by the way , which means you can expect more incidents like this . )
As we pointed out yesterday , Ozkose is anything but a neutral observer ; he ’s closely connected to the Turkish Islamist group that organized the flotilla , IHH .
But Adem Ozkose ’s connections to Islamists go quite a bit deeper than this .
A reader in London emailed a link to the following article about Ozkose published last month at Turkish media site haber5.com : Haber5.com - Gerçek ve Özgürlükçü - Son haberler | Adem Özköse ’nin kitapları yolda …
It turns out that Ozkose , as well as working for the Turkish ‘ Real Life ’ magazine and helping IHH try to run the Gaza blockade , is also a writer of Islamist books with at least one publisher deal and possibly more .
And the article at haber5.com is accompanied by the following picture , showing Adem Ozkose with two of his associates .
UPDATE at 6/11/10 12:09:21 pm :
LGF readers have been digging up more articles featuring Ozkose posing with and interviewing terrorists all over the world .
Using the word “ journalist ” to describe Adem Ozkose is like calling Al Capone a “ liquor distributor . ”
It ’s not wrong , exactly ; it just does n’t tell the whole story .
In all of the following cases , the articles written by Ozkose are not merely reporting on terrorist groups — these articles are promoting the jihadist ideology .
Here ’s Ozkose interviewing a Hamas spokesman , and openly expressing his support for jihad : Mehraba.com » Özköse Gazze ’yi ve Hamas ’ı anlattı .
( Google Translation . )
Accompanied by this photo :
Here ’s Ozkose with a spokesman for Islamic Jihad , spreading the message : “ Insurgents who kill civilians is not a killer . ”
Accompanied by this photo :
Here ’s
Ozkose with a very sympathetic article about the Taliban : “ The Taliban won the hearts of the Afghan people . ”
Accompanied by the following photos :
And here ’s Ozkose interviewing Umm Nidal — a Palestinian mother and Hamas parliament member whose three sons were killed while murdering Israeli civilians , some of them children — and treating her as a heroine : “ I thank God that seven Israeli soldiers kill Muhammad as my other two sons were killed . ”
Accompanied by this photo and translated caption :
ST JOHN'S , Newfoundland , June 17 ( Reuters ) - Chevron Corp CVX.N does not think it will be required to drill a relief well at its Orphan Basin exploration site off Newfoundland , a company official said on Thursday .
The company will abide by any regulations prompted by British Petroleum 's BP.L massive oil spill in the Gulf , but requiring a relief well could actually increase the risk of an accident , said Mark MacLeod , Chevron 's Atlantic Manager .
“ I will have to say as you ’re drilling a second well you ’re exposing people to the risk of drilling each well , so you ’re effectively doubling the risk , ” MacLeod said .
Chevron is drilling the Lona 0 - 55 exploration well in the Orphan Basin , some 430 kilometers ( 270 miles ) northeast of Newfoundland ’s capital St. John’s .
Canadian regulators announced last month that Chevron must take additional safety measures , including new test results on its blowout preventer and undergo more safety inspections of its drillship .
“ We believe all wells can be drilled incident free .
We believe this well will be drilled incident free and we wo n’t need a relief well , ” MacLeod said .
Chevron is drilling a well in more than 2,600 meters ( 8,530 feet ) of water off the Canadian coast , making it twice as deep as the BP well that has been fouling the Gulf of Mexico with oil since April .
The April 20 explosion on an offshore rig leased by BP killed 11 workers and ruptured a deep - sea well , creating what U.S. President Barack Obama has called the worst environmental disaster America has ever faced .
[ SPILL ]
Former “ Maitre d’ to the Stars ” to Release Second Book
Here ’s a " blind item " for you :
Which restaurateurs are none too pleased with the impending release of PX Me – The Sequel to PX This ?
Worse yet , the timely upcoming launch of PX This – The Revised Edition just happens to coincide with the recent openings of two high - profile Manhattan restaurants .
Anonymous e-mails sent to this website seem to indicate some ‘ characters ’ are indeed up to their old shenanigans .
Some things never change !
But some things do change !
For the better , even .
Like for example : PX This – The Revised Edition !
Now with enhanced content and photos !
And to celebrate the forthcoming launch of PX Me – The Sequel to PX This coming in the Summer of 2011 Spring of 2012 , the e-book version of PX This – The Revised Edition is FREE !
[ Print version coming soon ! ]
This is a limited time offer — so get your FREE e-version of PX This – The Revised Edition for your iPad / Kindle2 + / netbook etc NOW !
Hooray !
:)
* * * * *
Have you heard ?
Until the release of PX Me ( Spring 2012 ) , this website will henceforth be updated only intermittently ( approximately once or twice a week ) .
Abbe Diaz ’s new ( daily ) blog is now at : abbediaz.com
Leave a Reply
[ in an effort to avoid " spam , " comments with URLs are subject to pre-approval ]
: count ( ) : Parameter must be an array or an object that implements Countable inon line
The Russian cargo vehicle Progress has failed to dock with the International Space Station after an apparent electronics failure .
There was a failure of " telemetry " , effectively the radio contact needed to complete the docking , Nasa said .
The spaceship was carrying food , fuel and other supplies , but the station is still currently well stocked .
The six astronauts on the space station were never in any danger during the incident , Nasa said .
Further attempts to dock with the space station have been ruled out for today .
Based on the nature of the orbit , the next attempt could be about 48 hours away , Nasa suggested .
The first docking attempt had been due to happen at 1658 GMT .
The telemetry failure happened about 28 minutes before .
After the problem arose , the Progress was forced to make a " pass " of the space station .
It did so at a safe distance of 3 km and the gap between them is currently widening , Nasa said .
It has not yet been revealed what may have caused the equipment failure .
The Progress - type cargo ships have proved themselves reliable workhorses for re-supplying the ISS over many years and a failure to dock is rare , says BBC science reporter Matt McGrath .
The ISS project is a partnership of five - the US , Russia , Europe , Japan and Canada .
It currently has six crew , three Russian and three from the US .
The station functions as a research lab for various experiments in a low - gravity environment , as well as a platform for the testing of equipment used in space travel .
Much of the time , our wars may hardly exist for us , but in the age of celebrity , our generals do -- exactly because they become celebrities .
When Barack Obama picked Stanley McChrystal as his Afghan war commander , the general was greeted by the media as little short of a savior .
He was , we were told , superhumanly fit , utterly austere ( eating only one meal a day ) , and -- strangely for the man who was to oversee a protect - the - people counterinsurgency war -- had spent his professional life in the deepest shadows of counter - terror warfare at the head of groups of hunter - killer special operations forces .
His was the darkest of legacies , but he was greeted like Superman .
Reading the Michael Hastings Rolling Stone piece that unseated him , you can sense in the contempt that McChrystal and his aides ( many former special ops officers ) express for the Obama administration and its civilian representatives in Afghanistan just what a blunt instrument the man was .
No leader or group speaking that way , or that crudely , in private could help but exude similar feelings in public .
McChrystal was , in fact , always a divided man , caught between his counter - terror past -- he significantly increased special operations units in Afghanistan and sent them out to hunt Taliban mid-level leaders ( and in the process kill civilians ) -- and his newer fealty to counterinsurgency which led him to institute rules of “ courageous restraint ” that left American ground troops grumbling .
While the president officially picked McChrystal back in 2009 , he was , in reality , the choice of Bush ’s favorite general , Centcom commander and now new Afghan war commander , General David Petraeus .
So the present White House line -- “ This is a change in personnel but it is not a change in policy ” -- could n’t be more accurate .
There have already been several moments in the Obama presidency when a daring president might have changed the course of the war and begun winding it down .
In March 2009 , when he first “ surged ” in Afghanistan , again at West Point that December , and now with the Petraeus appointment , Obama has instead chosen the route slated to give him the least trouble domestically , and so doubled down on the war .
The first two missed moments have already led , via chaos and failure in Afghanistan , to the third , in which the president dethroned a military demi-god for a man genuinely worshipped in Washington .
David Petraeus is not a blunt instrument .
He ’s the most politically savvy military man of his generation .
It says something about our moment in American war - making , however , that the main claim to fame of the four - star general who is treated like the Ulysses S. Grant of the twenty - first century has nothing to do with victory .
He simply had a hand in holding off an ignominious American defeat in Iraq or , as the New York Times recently put it , “ helping to pull Iraq back from the edge . ”
And not even all that far back .
With Petraeus , Obama again took the easier road in the immediate moment .
What will he do , though , in 2011 as the presidential election campaign gears up , if his chosen general , beloved of the right , asks for more troops ?
Journalist Robert Dreyfuss , who runs
The Dreyfuss Report at the Nation magazine website and is the author of Devil 's Game : How the United States Helped Unleash Fundamentalist Islam , surveys the IED - cratered American path stretching into an ominous Afghan future .
( And do n't miss Dreyfuss in the latest TomCast audio interview discussing Obama 's war with the military by clicking here , or to download to your iPod , here . )
Tom
Less than a year ago , General David Petraeus saluted smartly and pledged his loyal support for President Obama ’s decision to start withdrawing U.S. forces from Afghanistan in July 2011 .
In December , when Obama decided ( for the second time in 2009 ) to add tens of thousands of additional American forces to the war , he also slapped an 18 - month deadline on the military to turn the situation around and begin handing security over to the bedraggled Afghan National Army and police .
Speaking to the nation from West Point , Obama said that he ’d ordered American forces to start withdrawing from Afghanistan at that time .
The Land Where Theories of Warfare Go to Die Obama , Petraeus , and the Cult of COIN in Afghanistan By Robert Dreyfuss
Here ’s the exchange , between Obama , Petraeus , and Admiral Mike Mullen , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , as reported by Jonathan Alter in his new book , The Promise : President Obama , Year One :
OBAMA : " I want you to be honest with me .
You can do this in 18 months ? "
PETRAEUS : " Sir , I 'm confident we can train and hand over to the ANA [ Afghan National Army ] in that time frame . "
OBAMA : " If you can't do the things you say you can in 18 months , then no one is going to suggest we stay , right ? "
PETRAEUS : " Yes , sir , in agreement . "
MULLEN : " Yes , sir . "
That seems unequivocal , does n’t it ?
Vice President Joe Biden , famously dissed as Joe Bite - Me by one of the now - disgraced aides of General Stanley McChrystal in the Rolling Stone profile that got him fired , seems to think so .
Said Biden , again according to Alter : “ In July of 2011 you 're going to see a whole lot of people moving out .
Bet on it . ”
In the Alice - in - Wonderland world of the U.S. military , however , things are rarely what they seem .
Petraeus , the Centcom commander “ demoted ” in order to replace McChrystal as U.S. war commander in Afghanistan , seems to be having second thoughts about what will happen next July -- and those second thoughts are being echoed and amplified by a phalanx of hawks , neoconservatives , and spokesmen for the counterinsurgency ( COIN ) cult , including Henry Kissinger , the Heritage Foundation , and the editorial pages of the Washington Post .
Chiming in , too , are the lock - step members of the Republican caucus on Capitol Hill , led by Senator John McCain .
In testimony before Congress just last week , Petraeus chose his words carefully , but clearly was n’t buying the notion that the July deadline means much , nor did he put significant stock in the fact that President Obama has ordered a top - to - bottom review of Afghan policy in December .
According to the White House , that review will be a make - or - break assessment of whether the Pentagon is making any progress in the nine - year - long conflict against the Taliban .
In his recent Senate testimony -- before he fainted , and afterwards -- Petraeus minimized the significance of the December review and cavalierly declared that he “ would not make too much of it . ”
Pressed by McCain , the general flouted Biden ’s view by claiming that the deadline is a date “ when a process begins [ and ] not the date when the U.S. heads for the exits . ”
The Right ’s Marching Orders for the President
Petraeus ’s defiant declaration that he was n’t putting much stock in the president 's intending to hold the military command accountable for its failure in Afghanistan next December earned him an instant rebuke from the White House .
Now , that same Petraeus is in charge .
The dispute over the meaning of July 2011 is , and will remain , at the very heart of the divisions within the Obama administration over Afghan policy .
Last December , in that West Point speech , Obama tried to split the difference , giving the generals what they wanted -- a lot more troops -- but fixing a date for the start of a withdrawal .
It was hardly a courageous decision .
Under intense pressure from Petraeus , McChrystal , and the GOP , Obama assented to the addition of 30,000 U.S. troops , ignoring the fact that McChrystal ’s unseemly lobbying for the escalation amounted to a Douglas MacArthur - like defiance of the primacy of civilian control of the military .
( Indeed , after a speech McChrystal gave in London insouciantly rejecting Biden ’s scaled - down approach to the war , Obama summoned the runaway general to a tarmac outside Copenhagen and read him the riot act in Air Force One . )
If Obama ’s Afghan decision was a cave - in to the brass and a potential generals ’ revolt , the president also added that kicker of a deadline to the mix , not only placating his political base and minimizing Democratic unhappiness in Congress , but creating a trap of sorts for Petraeus and McChrystal .
The message was clear enough : deliver the goods , and fast , or we ’re heading out , whether the job is finished or not .
Since then , Petraeus and McChrystal -- backed by their chief enabler , Secretary of Defense Robert Gates , a Republican holdover appointed to his position by George W. Bush -- took every chance they could to downplay and scoff at the deadline .
By appointing Petraeus last Wednesday , Obama took the easy way out of the crisis created by McChrystal ’s shocking comments in Rolling Stone .
It might not be inappropriate to quote that prescient British expert on Afghan policy , Peter Townsend , who said of the appointment : “ Meet the new boss .
Same as the old boss . ”
On the other hand , Petraeus is not simply another McChrystal .
While McChrystal implemented COIN doctrine , mixing in his obsession with “ kinetic operations ” by U.S. Special Forces , Petraeus literally wrote the book -- namely , The U.S Army / Marine Corps Counterinsurgency Field Manual .
If the COIN cult has a guru ( whom all obey unquestioningly ) , it ’s Petraeus .
The aura that surrounds him , especially among the chattering classes of the Washington punditocracy , is palpable , and he has a vast well of support among Republicans and assorted right - wingers on Capitol Hill , including the Holy Trinity : John McCain , Lindsay Graham , and Joe Lieberman .
Not surprisingly , there have been frequent mentions of Petraeus as a candidate for the GOP nomination for president in 2012 , although Obama ’s deft selection of Petraeus seems , once and for all , to have ruled out that option , since the general will be very busy on the other side of the globe for quite a while .
Even before the announcement that Petraeus had the job , the right ’s mighty Wurlitzer had begun to blast out its critique of the supposedly pernicious effects of the July deadline .
The Heritage Foundation , in an official statement , proclaimed : “ The artificial Afghanistan withdrawal deadline has obviously caused some of our military leaders to question our strategy in Afghanistan ...
We do n’t need an artificial timeline for withdrawal .
We need a strategy for victory . ”
Writing in the Washington Post on June 24 , Henry Kissinger cleared his throat and harrumphed : “ The central premise [ of Obama ’s strategy ] is that , at some early point , the United States will be able to turn over security responsibilities to an Afghan government and national army whose writ is running across the entire country .
This turnover is to begin next summer .
Neither the premise nor the deadline is realistic ...
Artificial deadlines should be abandoned . ”
And the Post itself , in the latest of a long - running series of post - 9/11 hawkish editorials , gave Obama his marching orders : “ He… should clarify what his July 2011 deadline means .
Is it the moment when ‘ you are going to see a whole lot of people moving out , ’ as Vice President Biden has said , or ‘ the point at which a process begins … at a rate to be determined by conditions at the time , ’ as General Petraeus testified ?
We hope that the appointment of General Petraeus means the president ’s acceptance of the general ’s standard . ”
Is the COIN Cult Ascendant ?
It ’s too early to say whether Obama ’s decision to name Petraeus to replace his protégé McChrystal carries any real significance when it comes to the evolution of his Afghan war policy .
The McChrystal crisis erupted so quickly that Obama had no time to carefully consider who might replace him and Petraeus undoubtedly seemed like the obvious choice , if the point was to minimize the domestic political risks involved .
Still , it ’s worrying .
Petraeus ’s COIN policy logically demands a decade - long war , involving labor - intensive ( and military - centric ) nation - building , waged village by village and valley by valley , at a cost of hundreds of billions of dollars and countless U.S. , NATO , and Afghan casualties , including civilians .
That idea does n’t in the least square with the idea that significant numbers of troops will start leaving Afghanistan next summer .
Indeed , Bruce Riedel , a former CIA officer with long experience in the Middle East and South Asia , who headed Obama ’s first Afghan policy review in February 2009 , told me ( for an article in Rolling Stone last month ) that it ’s not inconceivable the military will ask for even more troops , not agree to fewer , next year .
The Post is right , however , that Obama needs to grapple seriously with the deep divisions in his administration .
Having ousted one rebellious general , the president now has little choice but to confront -- or cave in to -- the entire COIN cult , including its guru .
If Obama decides to take them on , he ’ll have the support of many traditionalists in the U.S. armed forces who reject the cult ’s preaching .
Above all , his key ally is bound to be those pesky facts on the ground .
Afghanistan is the place where theories of warfare go to die , and if the COIN theory is n’t dead yet , it ’s utterly failed so far to prove itself .
The vaunted February offensive into the dusty hamlet of Marja in Helmand province has unraveled .
The offensive into Kandahar , the birthplace of the Taliban and a seething tangle of tribal and religious factions , once touted as the potential turning point of the entire war , has been postponed indefinitely .
After nine years , the Pentagon has little to show for its efforts , except ever - rising casualties and money spent .
Perhaps Obama is still counting on U.S. soldiers to reverse the Taliban ’s momentum and win the war , even though administration officials have repeatedly rejected the notion that Afghanistan can be won militarily .
David Petraeus or no , the reality is that the war will end with a political settlement involving President Karzai ’s government , various Afghan warlords and power brokers , the remnants of the old Northern Alliance , the Taliban , and the Taliban ’s sponsors in Pakistan .
Making all that work and winning the support of Afghanistan ’s neighbors -- including India , Iran , and Russia -- will be exceedingly hard .
If Obama ’s diplomats managed to pull it off , the Afghanistan that America left behind might be modestly stable .
On the other hand , it wo n’t be pretty to look at it .
It will be a decentralized mess , an uneasy balance between enlightened Afghans and benighted , Islamic fundamentalist ones , and no doubt many future political disagreements will be settled not in conference rooms but in gun battles .
Three things it wo n’t be :
It wo n’t be Switzerland .
It wo n’t be a base for Al Qaeda .
And it wo n’t be host to tens of thousands of U.S. and NATO troops .
The only silver lining in the Petraeus cloud is that the general has close ties to the military in Pakistan who slyly accept U.S. aid while funneling support to the insurgency in Afghanistan .
If Obama decides to pursue a political and diplomatic solution between now and next July , Petraeus ’s Pakistan connection would be useful indeed .
Time , however , is running out .
Robert Dreyfuss is an independent journalist in the Washington , D.C. , area .
He is a contributing editor at the Nation magazine , and a frequent contributor to Rolling Stone and Mother Jones .
His blog , The Dreyfuss Report , appears at the Nation ’s website .
His book , Devil 's Game : How the United States Helped Unleash Fundamentalist Islam , was published by Henry Holt / Metropolitan Books in 2005 .
Listen to Dreyfuss in the latest TomCast audio interview discussing Obama 's war with the military by clicking here , or to download to your iPod , here .
Copyright 2010 Robert Dreyfuss
Many gamers think that with a little more time to practice , with a touch more dedication , they could be competitive at their favorite games .
The truth ?
Those who make money gaming competitively do very little else with their days , nights , and weekends .
This video , from the documentary The Hax Life , shows just how intimidating the competition can become .
In StarCraft , your efficiency is described in " APM , " or actions per minute .
According to this video , you need to be over 300 APM to be competitive .
That means in 60 seconds , you need to accomplish over 300 things .
To get there you need to learn a level of situation awareness and split - second decision making most gamers will never be able to top .
The gap between how the professionals or wannabe professionals play games , especially in Korea , and how the rest of us enjoy them is much , much wider than many assume .
I just have to say , I thank Thee O God for a Prophet !!!
For years I have sat back in silent admiration for our dear , loving prophet .
I have been inspired and humbled by many of his wonderful teachings .
I know that I 'm not really supposed to share many of my work experiences but I could n't help share a wonderful , humorous side of our prophet .
Monday night I took a call from Pres Monson , he was looking for one of his secretaries who happened to not be available .
He said that he would try again later and that maybe he would take a drive .
He joked and even mentioned taking a walk on the boardwalk .
I do n't know how it happened but all of a sudden he and I were talking about Monopoly and he was quizzing me on the different names on the Monopoly board .
I have to admit I must be a lousy Monopoly player , I could only remember a few of the properties .
I even cheated a little and tried to google the Monopoly board for help .
Pres Monson just laughed and said he 's played longer than I have .
He knew every property .
It was the best 10 minutes I have had in a very long time .
I love our Prophet and I love his laughter !
I also love that he took just a few minutes out of his busy schedule to joke with me and make me laugh .
Once you complete and pass the course ’s final , you will receive an E - mail within one business day with the Official State of Texas ’ issued Certificate attached in order for you to print it .
* In order for own printed Certificate of Completion to be accepted by the courts , you must follow the following rules of the State of Texas : 1 ) Must be printed in white paper only and 2 )
It must be printed with the certificate number in RED .
The price is very competitive and you can print your own Certificate of Completion or it will be mailed to you on the same or the next working day upon finishing the course at no extra charge !
There is no faster mailing of the Certificate of Completion in Texas !
If you 're looking for an On- line Texas defensive driving course , that 's convenient and fits into your schedule , TicketDismiss.com offers the course for you !
It is designed with your needs in mind : to dismiss a traffic ticket , to obtain a discount in your insurance or for both !
This Texas
On - line defensive driving course has a Help Desk available 24/7 staffed with knowledgeable and courteous licensed instructors ( licensed by the Texas Department of Licensing and Regulation ) ready , willing and capable to help you when the need arises .
This On - line defensive driving course is available in English and in Spanish
There is no faster On - line defensive Driving course in Texas !
Individuals and companies use this Internet defensive driving safety course ( DSC ) because it is flexible and convenient , as well as educational .
This on - line defensive driving safety course assists
Texas drivers with traffic ticket dismissal , reduction in insurance rates , obtaining a driver record and becoming a safer driver .
You can log on at any time from anywhere you have Internet access .
No classroom to attend nor schedule to follow , you work at your own pace .
You finish the course as fast or as slow as you want .
You are in charge !
The price is very competitive and your Certificate of Completion can be printed by you or it will be mailed to you on the same or the next working day upon finishing the course at no extra charge !
There is no faster mailing of the Certificate of Completion in Texas !
The Indonesian Institute of Sciences ( LIPI ) urged the public and government Saturday to improve awareness about conserving Indonesia 's precious biodiversity , which is under threat from population growth and deforestation .
The LIPI 's Umar Anggara Jenie , said that Indonesia should do more to save its vast biodiversity , which plays a pivotal role in providing essential needs , such as food .
" We need to do more taxonomy * classifying organism * and conservation , " Umar said at an event held in observance of the International Day for Biological Diversity at Cibinong Science Center in Bogor , West Java .
The theme of this year 's observance was Biodiversity for Development and Poverty Alleviation .
The event also featured an exhibition on biodiversity , conservation and a seminar .
According to the LIPI , Indonesia boats more than 38,000 species of plants , of which 55 percent are nat ...
Episode 3 tracks the development of artillery from the ancient Greeks , through the invention of gunpowder in China , to the very latest generation of big guns and directed - energy weapons .
Throughout the ages , the ability to strike from a distance has been critical to success in battle , and time and again , artillery weapons have forced armies to adjust to ever - more powerful technology .
Starting with the Greek gastrophetes — a tension - powered mechanical bow — artillery evolved into the torsion - powered Roman ballista , and then the massive counterweight trebuchet , which was used to toss everything from rocks and fireballs to severed heads and whole people .
But once again , it was the arrival of gunpowder that truly transformed artillery warfare .
The marriage of gunpowder and barrel sparked a revolution in every aspect of firearms design .
From bamboo , iron , bronze and then steel barrels , to changes in the formulation of the gunpowder itself , to elongated , spinning projectiles , to advanced recoil mechanisms and special tools and calculations for aiming , every generation built on the previous to create ever - more - accurate , far - reaching and deadly big guns .
So just how bad is the U.S. economy ?
Well , the truth is that sometimes it is hard to put into words .
We have squandered the great wealth left to us by our forefathers , we have almost totally dismantled the world 's greatest manufacturing base , we have shipped millions of good jobs overseas and we have piled up the biggest mountain of debt in the history of mankind .
We have taken the greatest free enterprise economy that was ever created and have turned it into a gigantic house of cards delicately balanced on a never - ending spiral of paper money and debt .
For decades , all of this paper money and debt has enabled us to enjoy the greatest party in the history of the world , but now the bills are coming due and the party is nearly over .
In fact , things are already so bad that you can pick almost every number and find a corresponding statistic that shows just how bad the economy is getting .
You doubt it ?
Well , check this out ....
( This presentation originally appeared on the author 's blog )
Has it really been seven years since the first release of WordPress ?
It seems like just yesterday we were fresh to the world , a new entrant to a market everyone said was already saturated .
( As a side note , if the common perception is that a market is finished and that everything interesting has been done already , it ’s probably a really good time to enter it . )
The growth over the past year has blown me away .
Since our last birthday we ’ve doubled theme downloads to over 10 million , and doubled plugin downloads to 60 million .
Most importantly , we continued to grow the development community to 1,528 people active on Trac and 13 committers , both numbers the highest in the history of WordPress .
That ’s 1,528 people pouring their hearts and souls into GPL software we all own , we all build on , we can use as we please , we can all make better .
We ’ve evolved from a simple script to a web platform .
We ’re on the cusp of version 3.0 , with a release candidate coming out any minute now .
If you ’d like to celebrate WordPress ’s birthday with us — tell a friend !
Help them upgrade their blog or find the perfect theme .
Talk about how WordPress is built by and for a community .
Drop in to help test 3.0 , including all the plugins you use .
Write something to take advantage of the new 3.0 features , or teach your friends how to .
If you buy any themes or plugins , make sure they ’re GPL or compatible just like WordPress .
We ’ve got a long road ahead of us , it ’s important that we not forget that Open Source got us this far , and is the only way we ’re going to get to the next level .
The whole of what we can build together is far greater than the sum of our parts .
Spread the good word . 🙂
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Email
( CNN ) -- Biologists suspect that unusually cold waters off the coast of Brazil were responsible for the deaths of more than 550 penguins that washed up on shore in the past 10 days .
Since July 11 , about 556 dead penguins have appeared on beaches , Thiago do Nascimento , a biologist at the Peruibe Aquarium , told CNN .
At the beach of Praia Grande alone , on the Sao Paulo coast , more than 170 penguins have washed up on shore since Friday , according to the local government .
It is not unusual for penguins to show up on the Brazilian coast during their migration , but most of the time , they are alive , said another biologist , Isabelle Nunes .
Necropsies performed on many of the penguins show that they had no food in their stomachs and probably starved to death , Nascimento said , adding that cold weather probably contributed to their deaths .
Nunes said it is possible that the cold waters , brought on by a regional cold front , made the fish that the penguins eat seek other waters .
More tests are being conducted , Nunes said .
Farther north , on the famous beaches of Rio de Janeiro , penguin appearances and rescues have become common in recent years .
It 's normal for Magellan penguins to leave their colonies in the Antarctic in an annual migration in search of fish , following the plankton - rich , frigid water currents traveling north along the coast of South America .
What has changed is that they are increasingly unable to return home because they get sick , weak or disoriented for reasons that have yet to be determined .
Climate change , overfishing and pollution of the water all could contribute to the penguins becoming lost .
The Niteroi Zoo , near Rio de Janeiro , first began receiving penguins for rescue in 1999 .
Since then , they have received an increasing number of the birds , peaking with 1,000 penguins in 2008 .
CNN 's Rafael Romo contributed to this report .
By Matt Walker
Editor , Earth News
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
Scientists have devised a new way to peer into the inner workings of a live honeybee colony , without disturbing the insects inside .
The technique , known as Diagnostic Radioentomology ( DR ) , scans a beehive , taking a series of 3D images .
This reveals in real - time how many bees are inside , where they are , and gives clues as to what they are doing .
Such information could help scientists understand what is causing bee numbers around the world to decline steeply .
Follow the queen
The new technique is being developed by entomologist Mark Greco and his colleagues at the Swiss Bee Research Centre in Bern , Switzerland and scientists at the University of Bath led by Professor Cathryn Mitchell and Dr Manuchehr Soleimani .
The researchers used an imaging technology called X - ray computerised tomography to scan a live beehive .
This produced a series of coloured 3D images , which over time could be used to record in detail what goes on inside .
How do you watch , but not disturb ?
Preliminary studies have revealed that DR can be used to identify individual bees within the colony , and even keep track of the movements of the queen bee , including her location and where in the colony she prefers to spend the most time .
Crucially , " the approach is non-invasive and does not modify their normal behaviour , " Mr Greco told the BBC .
" We can accurately assess the number of bees and where they are at the time of scanning . "
New scans can be performed every 90 seconds .
The researchers are working to improve the DR technique , to increase the quality of the images and more accurately measure the bee population and the volumes of pollen , wax and honey within a hive .
The team at the University of Bath are also working on producing new computer models that will be able to better evaluate when levels of pests or pathogens within a hive have reached critical levels .
" Because the method is extremely accurate , we will be looking for critical thresholds of pathogen and parasite loads and loss of food resources from which bee populations can not recover , " explained Mr Greco , who is completing his PhD thesis .
" [ We will also be investigating ] how pathogens such as mites , viruses , bacteria and fungi might interact , both among themselves , and with environmental pressures or stressors , to produce colony declines or collapses . "
The team also hopes the new imaging technique may indicate what is reducing the numbers of other solitary bee species .
A 3D image of an empty hive
" Many solitary bees forage on the same floral resources to those of honeybees , some also suffer from the same pathogens , such as fungal infestations in their nests . "
Mr Greco and his colleagues at the University of Bath have already passed the first hurdle in their bid to secure further funding for their imaging technique from the UK Biotechnology and Biological Sciences Research Council , which together with the British government is spending £ 10 million to investigate why bee numbers are falling .
Rue McClanahan , the actress known for her roles as the blowzy best friend Vivian on " Maude " and as the prowling Southern belle Blanche on " The Golden Girls , " has died .
She was 76 .
Her manager , Barbara Lawrence , told CNN that she died at 1 a.m. Thursday at New York Presbyterian Hospital of a stroke .
Her family was at her side .
For the full story , click here .
So we all know that the HTC Incredible ( or DROID Incredible as Verizon calls it ) is the hottest Android phone on the market right now , at least until the EVO 4G launches in a few weeks .
However , if you ’ve tried to get one on the Verizon website , you ’ll have noticed that the phone wo n’t be shipping until June 16th .
This delay has been caused by a shortage of components , specifically the AMOLED screen , which is manufactured by Samsung .
It is also noted that Samsung has apparently ramped up production , and that Verizon hopes to meet demand within the next 30 - 60 days .
There is still no indication of when Verizon will have the DROID Incredible in stock at their retail outlets and website , but every day that passes could lead to loss of potential customers for Verizon and HTC .
Source : Fierce Wireless
The following is an article from the book from Uncle John 's Bathroom Reader Wonderful World of Odd .
Do you have a nagging , gnawing feeling that ... well , just a nagging , gnawing feeling ?
You should - odds are you 're being slowly devoured by one of these tiny , vicious parasites right this very second .
EATIN ' YOU : Fleas
BIO : Fleas are tiny insects that just can't live without blood .
They eat more than 15 times their body weight in blood in a single day .
That includes the blood of dogs , cats , rats , rabbits , and any other mammal that 's handy , including you .
They 're also " Super Bugs " : Fleas can pull 160,000 times their own weight ( the equivalent of a human pulling 24 million pounds ) and can jump over 150 times their own size ( the equivalent of a human jumping about 1,000 feet ) .
DANGER !
In the right - or wrong - conditions , fleas are disease machines .
They can transmit tapeworm to pets or humans , and can carry a number of diseases , including the blood parasite babesia , and the dreaded bubonic plague .
Thankfully , they 're not nearly as bad as they were in the days before the vacuum cleaner .
( Most eggs hatch in your carpet . )
Image credit : Flickr user Dr. Hemmert .
EATIN ' YOU : Bedbugs
BIO : Tiny , painful , smelly , and disgusting , bedbugs are nocturnal , spending the day in walls , furniture , or in your bed .
At night they crawl out of the mattress and suck your blood .
And they can wait up to a year in that mattress between feedings .
DANGER !
Their bites are often painful , but , thankfully , bedbugs are not known to transmit any diseases .
Image credit : Flickr user PeterEdin ( Tag Man ) .
EATIN ' YOU : Ticks
BIO : Ticks are arachnids - not insects - and are related to spiders .
There are no ticks that live solely on humans , but if there are no deer , cattle , birdsd , or reptiles handy , you 'll do .
They have three life stages after hatching - larva , pupa , and adult - and each stage needs a " blood meal " before morphing into the next stage .
Ticks use a hunting technique known as " questing " .
That means that since they can't hop or fly or run after prey , they wait around on grass or twigs for a host to come to them .
How long will they wait ?
Years , possibly decades .
And despite all that sitting they can leap into action the instant they sense a host coming by .
One female tick can increase its body weight 200 times in a six - day feeding .
Human equivalent : going from 170 pounds to 34,000 pounds in a week .
DANGER !
Only mosquitoes transmit more diseases to humans than ticks do .
Image credit : Flickr user Micah Taylor .
EATIN ' YOU : Chiggers
BIO : Chiggers are the blood - sucking , infant larva of mites , but before they can grow up , they must eat .
They prefer rodents and lizards , but they 'll happily dine on you .
These ravenous babies digest skin cells by spitting up powerful enzymes .
Irritated skin cells react by building a hard mound around the tiny hole created by the enzymes , forming a " straw " ( called a stylostome ) through which the chigger continues to suck your mushed skin .
DANGER !
Chigger bites are possibly the most irritating and itchy bites in the world - and the sores can itch for weeks - but they 're not known to carry any diseases .
Old wives ' tale : Putting nail polish over the hole will suffocate the submerged parasite .
Wrong !
Chigger do not burrow underneath the skin .
If you have sores , you probably already scratched the chiggers off .
Image credit : Flickr user Cabezalana .
EATIN ' YOU : Face mites BIO :
What 's that on your eyelid ?
It might be one of those microscopic mites .
They live in the pores and the hair follicles of the face , especially around the nose and eyelashes .
They plant themselves head - down on a pore or follicle , and happily live there feeding on sebaceous secretions and dead skin debris .
DANGER !
Usually you would n't notice them , but bad infestations can cause the face to become polluted by the excrement and and corpses of these invisible bugs .
That and their eating of hair roots and oil glands may cause hair loss , rashes , and rough skin .
They are not known to transmit diseases .
EATIN ' YOU : Head lice
BIO :
These bloodsuckers live their entire lives on the human scalp and hair .
They puncture your skin with special piercing / sucking mouthparts and feed two to six times a day .
They 're particularly prevalent among children , who can spread them easily by sharing hats and combs , and by playing games such as " I 'm gonna rub my lice - infested head against your head ... because its fun ! "
( But personal hygiene is irrelevant - they 'll live on anybody . )
DANGER !
The bites may itch , but head lice are n't dangerous .
Image credit : Flickr user Eran Finkle .
EATIN ' YOU : Crab lice
BIO : Also permanent human residents , these larger lice live in the warmer , moister climes of pubic and armpit hair .
They 're sluggish :
If not disturbed , one can live its entire life within a half - inch of where it was born , but , like all lice , can be passed to other people through close contact .
Not gross enough ?
Crab lice can also live in beards , moustaches , eyebrows , and eyelashes .
DANGER !
Like head lice , you 're only in danger of embarrassment from crab lice .
EATIN ' YOU : Human liver fluke
BIO : This flatworm is contracted from eating infected fish , and primarily targets humans .
They live in your bile ducts and liver tissue , as well as blood , and can grow up to an inch long and can live inside you for ten years .
DANGER !
Symptoms can range from none ... to death , for heavy infestations .
( There have been cases where one person housed more than 20,000 of the parasites . )
They are most prevalent in Asia , where raw and pickled fish are dietary staples .
Image credit : Wikimedia user Flukeman .
EATIN ' YOU : Mosquitos
BIO : Contrary to popular myth , mosquitoes do not live on blood .
They survive on nectar and other fluids sucked out of flowers .
But females take a " blood meal " - they need protein to develop their eggs .
You can't hide : Mosquitos home in on their prey using specialized organs that can sense heat , carbon dioxide - which you just exhaled - and other gasses from up to 100 feet away .
DANGER !
Mosquitoes traveling between hosts can transmit several diseases to humans , including malaria , sleeping sickness , and elephantiasis .
Mosquitoes are the most deadly animal to humans on earth , causing more than 1,000,000 deaths a year .
Image credit : Flickr user bogdog Dan .
____________________________________
The article above is reprinted with permission from Uncle John 's Bathroom Reader Wonderful World of Odd .
This book focuses on the odd - side of life and features articles like the strangest TV shows never made , the creepiest insect on Earth , odd medical conditions , and many , many more .
Since 1988 , the Bathroom Reader Institute had published a series of popular books containing irresistible bits of trivia and obscure yet fascinating facts .
Check out their website here : Bathroom Reader Institute
I said last week that Bernard Goldberg was n't going to be happy after Jon Stewart ended his segment Fox News Pundits Don't Agree With Demonizing an Entire Group Unless it 's the Liberals by telling Bernard Goldberg to go f**k himself .
Well , here you go folks .
Goldberg admits he was wrong and then attacks both Jon Stewart and his " incredibly unsophisticated audience " , says Stewart needs to be going after black columnists " by name " who dare to write about racism , Bill Maher for his criticism of religious people and here 's what he says about Frank Rich .
Goldberg : Because even though you criticize liberals as well as conservatives , congratulations on that , when you have Frank Rich on his show who generalizes all the time about conservatives and Republicans being bigots , you did n't ask him a single tough question .
You gave him a lap dance .
You practically had your tongue down his throat .
Nice ...lol .
Bernie 's probably just going to get himself another go f**k yourself for this number from Stewart .
O'Reilly : So does Stewart have a point here ?
Are we being hypocritical by generalizing about some people ?
Goldberg : I 'll just speak about me .
He does .
I am pleading guilty and that 's a sincere plea of guilty .
I said that liberals think people who live in the middle of the country are a bunch of jerks and obviously all liberals do n't think that .
But I 'll tell you what , an awful lot of liberal elites think that .
I worked with these liberal elites for 28 years at CBS News and they were always throwing around the term " white trash , by which they meant poor southerners who did n't go to Harvard .
I 'm not sure why that makes them trash .
As far as the middle of the country is concerned , you know , this was fly - over country where people flew the flag on the Fourth of July and went bowling and ate at Red Lobster .
You know , they 're a bunch of hicks .
But even all liberal elites do n't think that , so I am saying I was wrong , Jon Stewart is right .
But let me speak directly to Jon Stewart for just a few seconds and I know he watches .
He 's a big fan of the show and Jon if you have an ounce of introspection , you may want to take this seriously , if you just want to be a funny man who talks to an audience that will laugh at anything you say , that 's okay with me .
No problem .
But if clearly you want to be a social commentator , more than just a comedian and if you want to be a good one you 'd better find some guts .
Because even though you criticize liberals as well as conservatives , congratulations on that , when you have Frank Rich on his show who generalizes all the time about conservatives and Republicans being bigots , you did n't ask him a single tough question .
You gave him a lap dance .
You practically had your tongue down his throat .
And how about those black columnists who played the race card and generalized about tea party people being racists ?
Why do n't you go after them by name and do it with the same passion and gusto that you use when you 're going after Fox people ?
And how about Bill Maher .
Bill Maher generalizes about people who go to church being a bunch of dopes .
Is there some rule that says a comic can't go after another comic .
Here 's my final word Jon .
You can do whatever you want but if you do n't do that , guess what ?
You 're not as edgy as you think you are .
You 're just a safe Jay Leno with a much smaller audience , but you get to say the f-bomb , which gives your incredibly unsophisticated audience the illusion ...
O'Reilly : You 're generalizing ?
Goldberg : ... the illusion that you 're courageous and that you 're a renegade but it 's only an illusion .
Here 's the segment that Goldberg was responding to in its entirety .
The second half if the good part .
While JPMorgan Chase & Co. certainly is n't the first bank to do this -- USAA has allowed its members to deposit checks by snapspot for just under a year now -- it 's definitely the first major public bank to bring this stuff to the mainstream .
A recent update to the Chase Mobile iPhone app enables customers to photograph the front and back of checks made out to them and then have it deposited directly into whatever Chase account ( with their name on it , obviously ) they choose .
Better still , the service is completely free of charge , though it 's limited to Apple 's platform at the moment .
Too bad you can't just cut checks to yourself and live the life those goofy TV ads push so hard , but hey , at least you 're one step closer to pretending .
[ Thanks to everyone who sent this in ]
A Boulder officer used a stun gun to shock a man last weekend after he threw a frying pan at her , police said .
Boulder police said the officer responded to a report of a disturbance around 11:45 p.m. Sunday in the 600 block of 22nd Street .
A person who lived in another apartment in the same building had reported hearing a fight that went on for roughly half an hour and involved lots of yelling and banging .
When the officer arrived , she found a man sitting on a half - wall outside the building , police said .
He had a frying pan of food next to him and ate food from the pan as he talked to her .
The man explained to the officer that his marijuana was inside the apartment , and he needed it , police said .
The officer told the man that the residents of the apartment did not need to let him in .
The man got angry , clenched his fists and yelled at the officer to get out of his face .
He then raised the frying pan above his head in a threatening manner , police said .
The officer drew her Taser , and the man threw the frying pan at the officer , police said .
The officer deployed her Taser and told the man to get on the ground .
Police said the man complied with the officer but continued to yell and told the officer she should use the Taser again on him .
James Dobson , 39 , a transient , was arrested on suspicion of reckless endangerment and disorderly conduct .
These days it 's hard being a religious fanatic , also known as a Keynesian .
It is even harder when you are Paul Krugman ( sadly , the cornerstone of NYT 's entire paywall strategy ) , and everyone in your own country is already sick and tired of , and openly ignores your constant appeals to drown the world in new and record amounts of debt , thus ignoring your appeals with impunity .
So what do you do when nobody takes you seriously for thousands of miles around ?
Why you go even further - to the core of Europe in fact ... where you proceed to threaten , badger , insult and give your unsolicited advice to anyone that listens .
That " unlucky soul " in this case happens to be Germany daily Handeslbatt , which ran an interview with the " economist " in which Krugman stick not a foot , but an entire SS - 20 nuclear warhead armed ICBM , in his mouth .
And since Krugman is unaware , preaching the benefits of record deficit spending in Germany , ever since that little experiment in hyperinflation known as the Weimar Republic , tends to generate adverse reactions .
Which is precisely what happened in this case .
Luckily , now Krugman is a persona non grata in at least one country .
Unfortunately , it is not the one in which his trite platitudes and melancholic remembrances of the golden days of Greenspan 's credit bubble are still published on a daily basis .
As the WSJ reports :
Princeton University Prof. Krugman caused a stir in Germany this week with a stinging critique of Bundesbank President Axel Weber , who is considered a frontrunner to succeed Jean - Claude Trichet as head of the European Central Bank when Trichet ’s term expires in October 2011 .
“ If you are looking for someone who is aiming for zero inflation while unemployment is rising to 13 % , then Weber is definitely the right guy , ” Krugman said in an interview published in German with the business daily Handelsblatt .
The verbal lashings of the Bundesbank head will continue until insanity returns :
“ Weber is concerned about inflation , when there is no inflation .
I would rather see an ECB President who gives more weight to deflation risks and the risk of a protracted stagnation , ” Krugman said , adding that he does n’t know Weber personally .
Before joining the Bundesbank Weber was an economics professor in Germany and fairly well known in U.S. academic circles .
Krugman also criticized Weber ’s opposition to the ECB ’s purchase of the government bonds of vulnerable countries like Greece and Portugal .
The Bundesbank chief touched off controversy in Europe last month when he publicly declared his opposition to buying bonds , breaking a longstanding ECB taboo against airing disagreements in public .
Yet trust a Keynesian to hope to achieve one thing , yet in reality obtain just an opposite result :
rugman seems only to have bolstered Weber ’s clout among Germans , who wear their anti-inflation obsession as a badge of honor .
Germans often say that whereas the Great Depression dominates U.S. economic thinking , Germany ’s experience with hyperinflation in the 1920s is its defining economic period of the 20th century , and one that must be avoided at all costs , even if it means slower economic growth .
Dennis Snowden , who heads the Kiel Institute for the World Economy , defended Weber , telling Handelsblatt : “ He has all it takes to be a fantastic president .
He has great sense of responsibility , a strong knowledge base and he knows how important it is to keep inflation expectations stable . ”
And when unsolicited advice is rightfully ignored , what next but to jump the shark and threaten your way in having someone to listen to your blabbering .
Krugman did n’t stop with Weber .
He has taken on Germany ’s plans to rein in its budget deficit , which is already considerably smaller than the U.S. ’s as a share of GDP .
“ German austerity will worsen the crisis in the euro area , making it that much harder for Spain and other troubled economies to recover , ” he wrote in his New York Times column .
German politicians , he wrote , “ seem determined to prove their strength by imposing suffering — and politicians around the world are following their lead . ”
Krugman also told Handelsblatt he would n’t rule out sanctions against Germany if it continued to rely on its export - driven model .
“ If the euro falls to parity with the dollar , the Europeans are going to be surprised by the demands that will come out of the U.S. Congress , and I would support that , ” he said .
Good work Krugman - you have just gained one more enemy to not just the Fed 's monetary lunacy , but the president fiscal imprudence .
That fiscal and economic policy critique probably wo n’t gain any more traction in Germany than his monetary policy one .
Germans see their government finances and trade competitiveness as an example to be followed by Greece , Portugal and other troubled countries in Europe .
And they clearly do n’t see the U.S. model as one worth chasing .
Luckily , in Germany people actually have brains and are able to respond to this kind of ridiculous sophistry :
Wolfgang Franz , who heads the German government ’s economic advisory panel known as the Wise Men , tore into Krugman — and the US — in an op -ed in the German business daily Wednesday , titled “ How about some facts , Mr. Krugman ? ”
“ Where did the financial crisis begin ?
Which central bank conducted monetary policy that was too loose ?
Which country went down the wrong path of social policy by encouraging low income households to take on mortgage loans that they can never pay back ?
Who in the year 2000 weakened regulations limiting investment bank leverage ratios , let Lehman Brothers collapse in 2008 and thereby tipped world financial markets into chaos ? ” he wrote .
We rarely touch upon the illustrious persona of Mr. Krugman as he tends to do a good job of involuntary self - immolation without our help .
That said , we completely agree with the conclusion of the WSJ's Brian Blackstone :
So if Krugman really wants to keep Weber from the ECB presidency , or at least cool some of his support in Germany , he might want to consider damning the Bundesbank chief with praise instead .
Something tells us the Germans are done with P.K .
And since we , unfortunately , are not , perhaps he should adopt the same reverse psychology in the US - just like a Goldman downgrade of something means buy buy buy , should Krugman become rational for a change and espouse a prudent approach of deficit cuts , every normal thinker in the US will be immediately forced to burn their copy of The Road To Serfdom .
This came out yesterday , and it probably explains in part yesterday 's 16 % fall in BP 's stock .
It 's an interview with Matthew Simmons , who Fortune cleverly calls the " Dr. Doom " of the Gulf Coast Oil Spill .
What do you think is in store for the future of BP ?
They have about a month before they declare Chapter 11 .
They 're going to run out of cash from lawsuits , cleanup and other expenses .
One really smart thing that Obama did was about three weeks ago he forced BP CEO Tony Hayward to put in writing that BP would pay for every dollar of the cleanup .
But there is n't enough money in the world to clean up the Gulf of Mexico .
Once BP realizes the extent of this my guess is that they 'll panic and go into Chapter 11 .
Read the whole thing >
Do n't miss : 15 other companies zooming towards bankruptcy >
Rényi's Parking Constants
Given the closed interval with , let one - dimensional " cars " of unit length be parked randomly on the interval .
The mean number of cars which can fit ( without overlapping ! ) satisfies
(1)
The mean density of the cars for large is
( 2) ( 3 ) ( 4 )
( OEIS A050996 ) .
While the inner integral can be done analytically ,
(5) ( 6 )
where is the Euler - Mascheroni constant and is the incomplete gamma function , it is not known how to do the outer one
( 7 ) ( 8 ) ( 9 )
where is the exponential integral .
The slowly converging series expansion for the integrand is given by
( 10 )
( OEIS A050994 and A050995 ) .
In addition ,
( 11 )
for all ( Rényi 1958 ) , which was strengthened by Dvoretzky and Robbins ( 1964 ) to
( 12 )
Dvoretzky and Robbins ( 1964 ) also proved that
( 13 )
Let be the variance of the number of cars , then Dvoretzky and Robbins ( 1964 ) and Mannion ( 1964 ) showed that
( 14 ) ( 15 ) ( 16 )
( OEIS A086245 ) , where
( 17 ) ( 18 )
and the numerical value is due to Blaisdell and Solomon ( 1970 ) .
Dvoretzky and Robbins ( 1964 ) also proved that
( 19 )
and that
( 20 )
Palasti ( 1960 ) conjectured that in two dimensions ,
( 21 )
but this has not yet been proven or disproven ( Finch 2003 ) .
RailsConf 2010 is underway and what better occasion to do the final stage of the Rails 3 beta program .
We ’re very pleased to announce Rails 3 beta 4 , which we ’ll be hammering on and tuning during RailsConf .
At the end of RailsConf , we ’ll be putting out the release candidate .
So if you ’re at the conference , and even if you ’re not , now is the time to give upgrading a chance or even starting a new app .
We ’re all responsible for making this release solid , please join the fun .
You can install the latest beta with gem install rails -- pre
Since we ’re so close to release now , it ’s also a great pleasure to introduce the new Rails 3 screencast series by Gregg Pollack and EnvyLabs .
They ’ve done an awesome job putting together six episodes and more are coming .
You can also read along in their great Rails 3 slides from the RailsConf tutorial .
I also gave a keynote on Rails 3 this morning at RailsConf , so you can enjoy the slides .
Let ’s race to the finish line together .
Bert and Ernie , Big Bird and the Count have spent years teaching children right from wrong and how to count , but now some of their fellow “ Sesame Street ” neighbors will take on a new task : counseling military families .
Five “ Sesame Street ” characters are touring across the nation to entertain and offer advice to children with deployed parents as part of the Sesame Street / USO Experience for Military Families .
The tour , open only to military families , is scheduled to visit 40 military bases in the United States , giving one or two shows a day .
It previously has performed in military bases overseas as well .
As of its performances last weekend at the Naval Air Station Pensacola in Florida , the Sesame Street program had served more than 152,000 families since its launch in 2008 .
The show “ gives a moment of respite and joy to these families , ” said Sloan Gibson , president and chief executive of USO .
“ And weeks after it comes through , there ’s still buzz about it . ”
The show , featuring the “ Sesame Street ” Muppets Elmo , Zoe , the Cookie Monster , Grover and Rosita , is geared toward 3 - to 5 - year - old children , but even the parents appreciate the message the “ Sesame Street ” characters put across .
“ The families usually get to see what the soldier is going through abroad , ” said Monty Campbell of the Fort Hood , Texas , public affairs office for the Army , who added that he has had nothing but good responses to the show .
“ The message has been helpful ; [ my kids ] came up talking about their feelings , ” said Luelisse Torres - Rodriguez , a mother of two whose husband is a major in the Army , often deployed for one to six months at a time .
Her family went to the 25 - minute show twice at Aberdeen Proving Ground , Md. , which “ made [ the children ’s ] day , ” she said .
“ And it let me become a kid , too , ” Mrs. Torres - Rodriguez added .
Adm . Mike Mullen , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , presented some of the tour ’s materials to the Pentagon in April , and first lady Michelle Obama commended the program at the National Military Families Association Summit in May .
Gary Knell , president and chief executive of Sesame Workshop , said this project grew out of an article he read about a military family losing their house because of missed mortgage payments while the husband was deployed .
“ I was enraged by it , and then I realized that while we talk about supporting our troops , no one is working with the families , ” he said .
Then Sesame Workshop , the nonprofit group behind “ Sesame Street , ” and USO , a nonprofit organization that provides entertainment to deployed soldiers , combined to start the Sesame Street tour , which is the second - largest tour in the nation after the circus , Mr. Knell said .
During the performance , according to Mr. Gibson , Elmo will turn to the audience of parents and children from 1 to 10 years old and ask , “ Do you miss Daddy when he ’s away ? ”
As most kids quietly nod or murmur yes , Elmo will empathize with them , saying that his father is also deployed , Mr. Gibson said .
“ The program relates to the kids and lets them know that dealing with deployment is tough , but we ’ll get through it together , ” said Bill Austin , public affairs officer at Naval Station Mayport in Jacksonville , Fla. , adding that in Mayport , deployment is a way of life .
The $ 4 million program is run entirely on contributions from the USO ’s 2 - million - donor pool , including hundreds of major corporations , Mr. Gibson said .
“ All you have to do is look at the faces of the kids — the look is one of sheer delight , ” Mr. Gibson said , describing the first time he saw the show as what inspired him to take it around the world .
He added that the lines are so long at the naval bases that they sometimes schedule extra shows .
Heidi Malkowski , an Air Force mother of three whose husband just came back from a one - year deployment in Korea , helped coordinate the tour at McGuire Air Force Base in New Jersey and said her own children “ had a blast ” at the program .
“ It ’s nice for them to know that there are other kids that are going through the same thing , ” she said .
“ It ’s good support for them . ”
The shows also provide outreach materials for children and parents , giving advice on how to talk about the stress of deployment .
Mr. Knell said this approach will help both the family and the soldier .
“ When the kids feel good , the soldier feels a lot better about getting his job done overseas , ” Mr. Knell said .
“ I feel like we ’ve hit a niche , and we ’re filling a need that was not filled before , ” he added .
Although the USO and Sesame Workshop are only “ discussing the potential for moving forward ” with the Sesame Street tour , according to Mr. Gibson , the two organizations said they will continue to offer resources for military families after the tour ends in September .
Mr. Gibson said he hoped the Sesame Street tour would send a message to the children especially : “ Thank you for your service and your sacrifice . ”
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
House investigators have laid out a series of ethics accusations against Democratic Rep. Charles Rangel , the once - powerful tax - writer who is one of the most senior members of Congress , presenting his party with a new complication in advance of the fall elections .
Mr. Rangel , of New York , will have the opportunity to defend himself at a public trial before the House ethics committee beginning next week , according to a statement Thursday from the panel , formally known as the House Committee on Standards of Official Conduct ....
Establishing a firm link between environmental change and human disease has always been an iffy proposition .
Now , however , a team of scientists from the University of Wisconsin - Madison , writing in the current ( June 16 , 2010 ) online issue of the CDC journal Emerging Infectious Diseases , presents the most enumerated case to date linking increased incidence of malaria to land - use practices in the Amazon .
The report , which combines detailed information on the incidence of malaria in 54 Brazilian health districts and high - resolution satellite imagery of the extent of logging in the Amazon forest , shows that clearing tropical forest landscapes boosts the incidence of malaria by nearly 50 percent .
" It appears that deforestation is one of the initial ecological factors that can trigger a malaria epidemic , " says Sarah Olson , the lead author of the new report and a postdoctoral fellow at the Nelson Institute , Center for Sustainability and the Global Environment .
The clearing of tropical forests , say Olson and senior author Jonathan Patz of the University of Wisconsin School of Medicine and Public Health , creates conditions that favor malaria 's primary carrier in the Amazon , the mosquito Anopheles darlingi , which transmits the malaria parasite if it draws its blood meals from infected humans .
" The deforested landscape , with more open spaces and partially sunlit pools of water , appears to provide ideal habitat for this mosquito , " Olson says , noting that Anopheles darlingi has been shown to displace other types of mosquitoes that prefer forest and that are far less prone to transmit malaria .
advertisement
" This study of human malaria cases complements our previous work that focused more on the abundance of the malaria - carrying mosquito , " Patz adds .
" In those studies from the Peruvian Amazon , we showed a correlation between this mosquito's larvae and aquatic breeding sites in disturbed habitats following land clearance . "
The new Wisconsin study focused on 54 Brazilian health districts in a corner of the Brazilian Amazon near Peru and where detailed health and population data were collected in 2006 by Brazilian researchers .
Combined with high - resolution satellite data of changes in land cover , the health data reveals the large human - health impact of relatively small changes to the forest landscape .
" A 4 percent change in forest cover was associated with a 48 percent increase in malaria incidence in these 54 health districts , " notes Olson .
" The health data used in the study is of the highest quality and spatial resolution .
Unlike previous studies , our data allowed us to zoom in on areas where people are being exposed to malaria and to exclude areas where they are not being exposed . "
The health districts reflected in the Wisconsin study are typical of many of the thousands of such districts spread across Brazil and its Amazon region .
Since 2001 , the Brazilian Ministry of Health has similarly monitored and treated malaria in more than 7,000 districts .
Deforestation in the districts , says Olson , is occurring as it typically does in Amazonia , and occurs mostly near rivers , the backbone of the region 's transportation system , and spreads outward .
The new work , argues Patz , an authority on environmental change and human health , shows how deforestation and land clearing contribute to malaria 's dynamic at the frontier of settlement .
" In 2006 , the county that encompasses these health districts was in the top five of all Brazilian counties with malaria , " Patz says .
" Even after we adjusted for human populations , access to healthcare and other factors , malaria hotspots paralleled locations with the most destruction of rainforests . "
The message from the study , say Olson and Patz , is that tropical forest conservation may benefit human health more than we realized .
" Land - management practices show promise as useful interventions to reduce malaria risk factors , " says Olson .
Patz and Olson believe the new work provides a template that could be used to spatially track environmental risk factors and the incidence of malaria , which infected an estimated 500,000 Brazilians annually across the Amazon basin from 1997 to 2006 .
" The technology is there .
The health data is there .
Health officers with cell phones could gather data for the whole Amazon region , " Olson says .
The National Aeronautics and Space Administration funded the new study .
HARTFORD , Conn . – A “ Spectrum of Shame ” speakout by family members and friends of residents at Park Place nursing home marked the 65th day of a strike by nearly 400 District 1199 health care workers against four Vernon - based Spectrum Healthcare .
facilities .
At a press conference outrageous stories were told of the poor care since the strike began .
Ana Ruiz said she visits her brother at Park Place regularly .
She worries that he is losing weight .
She used to visit other patients who did not have loved ones , but since the strike she was ordered by Park Place staff not to speak to any other patients .
She said they are wrong if they think she will “ make trouble ” for the home .
She only wants to provide some much - needed companionship .
Bonnie Becker , whose mother is in Laurel Hill in Winsted , also testified .
Due to lack of care , she said , her mother was left to lie in her own urine until she got a visit from her other daughter .
David Zile , a patient at Park Place , also spoke out .
He said that since the strike began , “ twice I almost got the wrong medications . ”
Maria Rodriguez , daughter of Emiliano Robles , said her father has been crying a lot , every day , since the new “ replacement ” workers came .
Risalina Miranda , daughter of Maria Miranda , said “ My mother needs help to the bathroom , but no one is doing anything to help her . ”
Other stories of the shame at Spectrum Healthcare ’s nursing homes have been posted at www.SpectrumFamilyVoice.com.
The strikers have won the respect of family members who value the care the workers gave to their loved ones and understand that the administration forced the strike .
In a victory for the union last week , the state Department of Labor ruled that all the striking workers are now eligible to receive unemployment benefits .
State law prohibits strikers who have not been locked out by their employer from receiving unemployment benefits , but there are exceptions .
Spectrum Healthcare hired permanent replacement workers during the strike .
Union workers were told they would not automatically be given their jobs back if they returned , but would be placed on a “ recall list . ”
As a result the state Department of Labor ruled that the striking workers “ had been permanently replaced , and that their unemployment was no longer due to the existence of a labor dispute . ”
Community members and members of other unions have been stopping by the picket lines between 6 a.m. and midnight every day .
Strike locations are :
Birmingham Health Center , 210 Chatfield Street , Derby
Hilltop Health Center , 126 Ford Street , Ansonia
Laurel Hill Healthcare , 106 East Lake Street , Winsted
Park Place Health Center , 5 Greenwood Street , Hartford .
Photo : Carmen Boudier , president of District 1199 union , center , walks the picket line with the striking Spectrum workers .
( PW / Tom Connolly )
Intel has managed to make Moorestown - based phones do an awful lot of things on stage .
Multitask , scale photos sans lag , and automatically correct your grammar before it comes out of your mouth .
But believe it or not , one thing weseen the Aava Mobile - built reference design do is play the full PC version of World of Warcraft and / or Quake III ( from within Moblin ) for over an hour on a full charge .
Well , until this week 's Computex event .
Peek a couple of videos just past the break if you 're in disbelief , and trust us when we say that it had no issues keep the frames flowing at a comfortable clip .
The future is bright , people .
Image caption Abby Sunderland began her voyage in January
A 16 - year - old US girl who ran into problems trying to become the youngest person to sail solo around the world has been rescued in the Indian Ocean .
Abby Sunderland was picked up by a French fishing vessel some 2,000 nautical miles off the Australian coast , maritime authorities said .
Her yacht , which has a broken mast , was spotted by an aerial search team in the southern Indian Ocean , midway between Australia and Africa , on Friday .
Rescuers say she is in good health .
The teenager had been stranded in mountainous seas since Thursday .
Laurence Sunderland , her father , said the family was " ecstatic that Abigail is in safe hands " .
" She was in good spirits ...
She talked to her mother , " he told reporters outside his home in California , the Associated Press reports .
' She is well '
A spokeswoman for the Australian Maritime Safety Authority 's Rescue Co-ordination Centre , Rhianne Robson , said Ms Sunderland would be taken to the nearest land as soon as possible .
" The good news is that Abby is safe , she is well and she is now on the fishing vessel , the Ile De La Reunion , " she told the BBC .
It is not clear yet whether the 16 - year - old will be taken to Australia or the French territory of Reunion near Mauritius off eastern Africa .
" Arrangements to land Ms Sunderland will now be negotiated with the three ships that have responded to the distress situation , " the rescue centre said in a statement .
Ms Sunderland set sail from California in January .
She was attempting to beat the record set by her brother , Zac , who sailed solo around the world in 2009 at the age of 17 .
The teenager 's family lost contact with her for some 20 hours before she was found on Friday .
Image caption
The teenager 's yacht Wild Eyes lost its mast in bad weather
They have rejected criticism from some over their decision to allow her to make the attempt , saying she was prepared and mentally well - equipped to deal with the challenge .
It is the middle of winter in the southern Indian Ocean and weather conditions are currently at their most treacherous .
On Wednesday , the teenager wrote in her blog that she had experienced several days of rough weather in which her boat " was rolling around like crazy " .
The chief executive of the British oil company BP , Tony Hayward , and the company itself have been severely criticised at a hearing of the United States Congress into the oil disaster in the Gulf of Mexico in April .
The chairman of the Energy and Commerce Committee , Henry Waxman , said BP 's corporate complacency had been astonishing .
Mr Hayward said he was there to account for the company 's actions , and assured the American people BP would honour its commitment to compensate those affected .
READ MORE : BP ' disregarded dangers ' at well
do you always spill coffee on yourself ?
man : yes there is a solution !
man : really ?
* shirts , pants and socks shown * all coffee - colored !
man : i spilled the entire cup onto my shirt and you can't even tell !
friend of man : you smell like coffee man : that 's because my clothing is presoaked in coffee !
Friend of man : amazing !
Modern Warfare 2 Resurgence Package Dated For PS3 , PC
Infinity Ward provides an ETA for Modern Warfare 2 ’s second map pack .
PlayStation 3 owners get the “ Resurgence Pack ” on July 6 in the US , the next day in Europe .
PC gamers worldwide get it July 6 .
Hoorah !
those are the same two erudite jocks from anime club part 4 .
Google ’s efforts to market the Android OS platform to software developers appears to be working .
A strong open source community combined with developer events and free developer phones have lead to droves of applications popping up in the official android marketplace .
It ’s no wonder Steve Jobs and Apple have recently been in the news seemingly trying to hurt Android in any way they can .
Patent Lawsuits against HTC which target their Android phones ; changes to the iPhone App Store policy that specifically block the porting of apps to and from their platform ; and Steve Job ’s public statements that Android is for porn , even though the iPhone is just as capable of browsing the red light district of the the interwebs .
In the last few days Adobe announced that they ’ve stopped working on iPhone software and have now focused on the Android platform .
Beta testing for Adobe Air has been very positive with some developers at the Adobe Air blog saying that they ’ve ported software over to Android in as little as ten minutes .
This is huge news as there are literally hundreds of thousands of existing applications that could potentially be ported to the Android from Flash .
The reasons for Apple ’s stance on Flash have been eluded to on many blogs and news sites : in short Apple has locked down their app store by only approving apps built using their proprietory development tools .
Also , Steve Jobs has no qualms with publicly bashing the Adobe Flash software as non-secure and unstable .
To further the anticipation about the Android Market , the recently leaked snapshots of the next Android release “ Froyo ” show some much needed enhancements to the Marketplace interface .
Hopefully this is just the tip of the iceberg because as the Marketplace grows , it ’s becoming harder and harder to browse for applications .
The screen shots show a new option to “ update application automatically ” which resolves a common gripe for many Android users .
The next step is for Google to capitalize on it ’s core strength and make searching and navigating the Marketplace easier .
Androlib.com is also reporting that the Android Marketplace is growing by almost 10,000 applications per month .
At present Androlib.com has the Android Marketplace surpassing 50,000 applications .
When the Motorola Droid was launched less than six months ago there were just shy of 10,000 apps .
Thats a 500 % increase in less than half a year .
When you take into account the developer focused environment built by Google , the anticipated volume of flash applications about to be ported , upcoming improvements to the Marketplace in the next generation of Android ’s OS , and Androlib.com statistics showing huge growth , even conservative estimates show that the Android Marketplace will surpass the number of applications of the Apple App Store by this time next year .
These are exciting times for Android fans .
The plan by energy giant BP to suspend dividends , sell assets and build a $ 20 - billion fund for oil spill victims highlights the delicate balance of post - disaster economics :
How to clean up the mess in the Gulf of Mexico without killing the goose that laid the black - gold egg .
BP faces mounting — and as yet unknowable — costs of containing the oil - spewing well a mile under gulf waters , removing oil from beaches and reimbursing victims .
On top of that , the London company and the rest of the international oil industry will have to confront a decidedly more hostile public and the near certainty of increased regulation .
FOR THE RECORD :
BP cleanup costs :
In Thursday ’s Business section , a chart of BP ’s annual profits that accompanied an article about the company ’s costs associated with the gulf oil spill used an incorrect scale .
The range of the chart ’s scale was shown as $ 1.0 billion to $ 2.5 billion ; it should have been $ 10 billion to $ 25 billion . —
Some experts are beginning to worry about whether BP , or any company , has enough strength to pay the eventual price for one of the worst environmental disasters in U.S. history — a tab that may continue to run for two or three decades .
“ One of the problems is that we do n’t even know if $ 20 billion will be enough .
This is all on an unprecedented scale , ” said Joe Hahn , a professor at Pepperdine University ’s Graziadio School of Business and Management who formerly worked as an engineer in the oil industry .
Hahn said the company might face the additional problem of severe fines from its decisions before and after the oil rig exploded .
“ Initially , I thought they would be able to survive this , but they are in serious financial trouble .
Their future is very questionable right now , ” Hahn said .
Since the April 20 explosion of the Deepwater Horizon , BP executives have repeatedly sought to assure a skeptical public that the company has enough financial muscle to fix the problems .
On Wednesday , the company took significant steps to shore up its financial position and reassure critics that all legitimate claims will be paid .
The company said it would suspend the dividend paid to shareholders for three quarters , sell $ 10 billion in U.S. assets and cut about $ 2 billion a year in capital spending to ensure that there would be enough money available for the task at hand , starting with a $ 20 - billion escrow account to deal with the spill and its aftermath as well as a $ 100 - million fund for oil workers idled by temporary moratorium on deepwater drilling .
In addition , BP pledged to set aside $ 20 billion in U.S. assets as a kind of collateral for the disaster account , which will be administered by Kenneth Feinberg , who oversaw the Sept. 11 , 2001 , victims compensation fund .
BP has spent $ 1.75 billion so far on containment and cleanup efforts , executives said Wednesday , but that pales in comparison to expected company cash flow exceeding $ 30 billion this year at current oil prices .
The company will pay into the reimbursement fund over 3 1/ 2 years , so the financial hit does n’t come all at once .
BP Chairman Carl - Henric Svanberg said Wednesday that he was confident “ that the agreement announced today will provide greater comfort to the citizens of the Gulf Coast and greater clarity to BP and its shareholders .
We welcome the administration ’s statements acknowledging that BP is a strong company and that the administration has no interest in undermining the financial stability of BP . ”
On Wednesday , BP’s U.S. - traded shares climbed $ 1.43 , or 0.5 % , to $ 31.85 on heavy trading volume .
The stock , which has lost nearly half its value since the rig accident , rose because the actions were widely anticipated and investors seemed to appreciate the company ’s statements of contrition , analysts said .
BP netted more than $ 5.6 billion in profit in the quarter ended March 31 and had about $ 6 billion in cash on hand when the disaster began .
Still , its financial position weakens every day that the oil gushes unchecked .
Fadel Gheit , a senior energy analyst for Oppenheimer & Co. , said in a note to investors that “ the costs of cleanup and compensation are likely to be a record that would bankrupt most companies and that only a few of the super majors could survive .
We think BP has the financial capacity to survive this crisis , although excessive punitive damage could put its future at risk . ”
Gheit said BP had more than 18 billion barrels of proven oil and natural gas reserves , about 3.9 billion barrels of production .
Its refineries are the industry ’s most efficient and most profitable , he added .
BP had already performed major cost cutting before the incident , eliminating more than 5,000 jobs and reducing its operating costs by more than $ 4 billion , Gheit said .
It also acquired large new assets in oil fields in Brazil , Azerbaijan and the Gulf of Mexico in a $ 7 - billion deal earlier this year .
Separate from BP ’s fate , experts point out , is the prospect that new regulations and better emergency and safety procedures will come with costs that will affect everyone .
“ In the short term , it wo n’t mean a whole lot .
The economy is still pretty constricted and supplies are more than adequate , ” said Mike Fitzpatrick , vice president for energy at MF Global .
“ But over time , it ’s going to make deep - water drilling a very hazardous proposition for oil companies and investors .
There are going to be additional development costs , more regulations , insurance costs will go up .
It will definitely drive up the cost of drilling and the price of oil , ” he said .
The Deepwater Horizon accident ultimately will bring about a sea change in deep - water energy exploration , said Bruce Bullock , executive director of the Maguire Energy Institute at Southern Methodist University .
“ This incident has become the fatal flaw for deep - water drilling , ” Bullock said .
“ Oil companies are going to have to submit to regulators detailed plans that include frequent emergency drills .
If they want to bid on an oil lease , they are going to have a response plan in place . ”
ron.white@latimes.com
LightSquared 's big gamble : A brand - new wireless network
Wireless service for consumer devices like smartphones , Kindles , iPads and other devices will soon have a new provider to consider .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Watch out AT&T , Sprint and Verizon : A whole host of super - fast wireless services could be coming down the pike .
LightSquared , a new 4G wireless network backed by private - equity firm Harbinger Capital Partners and to be built by Nokia Siemens , is set to roll out starting next year .
By 2015 , LightSquared intends to have its network covering 92 % of the U.S. population , the company announced this week .
" 4G " is a term used for the next generation of wireless networks , which promise to deliver broadband - like download speeds over the air that are up to 50 times faster than 3G ( though actual speeds will be slower ) .
Sprint ( S , Fortune 500 ) has already begun to roll out its 4G network , and Verizon ( VZ , Fortune 500 ) and AT&T ( T , Fortune 500 ) are planning on unveiling 4G networks soon -- Verizon at the end of this year and AT&T in 2011 .
A new player in the wireless market is a rarity these days -- there 's more consolidation than new blood .
Nokia Siemens said it will spend $ 7 billion building up LightSquared 's network .
That 's a big gamble few companies can afford to make .
But that 's not the only reason LightSquared 's new network is significant :
The company says it does n't plan to sell directly to consumers .
Instead , it will wholesale its network to retailers and service providers .
" LightSquared is hoping to accelerate the ability of other service providers to offer 4G services to consumers , " said Dan Hays , a partner at consulting firm PRTM .
" This opens doors for additional competitors and new innovation . "
Here 's how it might work :
Under one hypothetical scenario , a big retail company like Wal - Mart ( WMT , Fortune 500 ) could decide it wants to start selling mobile phones with " Wal - Mart Wireless " branding .
So Wal - Mart would sign a deal with LightSquared to use its 4G network , but Wal - Mart would sell the service and the devices to its customers .
Another potential customer pool is existing , low - budget wireless providers like T - Mobile or MetroPCS ( PCS ) , which have very limited networks of their own .
These providers could buy bandwidth from LightSquared to offer 4G service without building out their own infrastructure .
Leap Wireless ' ( LEAP ) Cricket already does something similar with its 3G service .
But the real growth potential is in wiring up devices that are n't currently connected to the Internet .
No one thought books needed to be broadband - enabled -- until Amazon ( AMZN , Fortune 500 ) introduced the Kindle e-reader .
The first generation of Kindles ran on Sprint 's network .
( Kindle customers do n't pay access fees for that bandwidth ; Amazon foots the bill , reasoning that it will sell more e-books to customers who have ubiquitous access . )
But Amazon later switched to AT&T , which now powers all the major e-readers , including Sony's ( SNE ) Reader and Barnes & Noble 's ( BKS , Fortune 500 ) Nook .
Apple 's ( AAPL , Fortune 500 ) iPad also runs on AT >'s network .
Adding competition to that market for " white - label " broadband access could help bring down prices for consumers .
It also opens up new product possibilities .
Right now , the Big Three wireless network operators have been hesitant to license bandwidth to other companies for services that could cannibalize their own .
For instance , General Motors ' OnStar system uses Verizon 's network , but Verizon offers similar roadside assistance and navigation systems .
It 's a tense balancing act .
LightSquared wo n't have those conflicts of interest , because it 's not trying to sell directly to consumers .
If it gets its network built , it will want to hawk bandwidth to anyone with the cash to buy it .
" LightSquared will be a disruptive force in the U.S. wireless landscape by democratizing wireless broadband services , " LightSquared CEO Sanjiv Ahuja said in a prepared statement .
" We 're not only delivering exciting opportunities for manufacturers and retailers , but also real change for consumers . "
“ This cancer is metastasizing into an economic crisis for the city , ” said Mayor A. C. Wharton Jr. in his riverfront office .
“ It ’s done more to set us back than anything since the beginning of the civil rights movement . ”
The mayor and former bank loan officers point a finger of blame at large national banks — in particular , Wells Fargo .
During the last decade , they say , these banks singled out blacks in Memphis to sell them risky high - cost mortgages and consumer loans .
The City of Memphis and Shelby County sued Wells Fargo late last year , asserting that the bank ’s foreclosure rate in predominantly black neighborhoods was nearly seven times that of the foreclosure rate in predominantly white neighborhoods .
Other banks , including Citibank and Countrywide , foreclosed in more equal measure .
In a recent regulatory filing , Wells Fargo hinted that its legal troubles could multiply .
“ Certain government entities are conducting investigations into the mortgage lending practices of various Wells Fargo affiliated entities , including whether borrowers were steered to more costly mortgage products , ” the bank stated .
Wells Fargo officials are not backing down in the face of the legal attacks .
They say the bank made more prime loans and has foreclosed on fewer homes than most banks , and that the worst offenders — those banks that handed out bushels of no -money - down , negative - amortization loans — have gone out of business .
“ The mistake Memphis officials made is that they picked the lender who was doing the most lending as opposed to the lender who was doing the worst lending , ” said Brad Blackwell , executive vice president for Wells Fargo Home Mortgage .
Not every recessionary ill can be heaped upon banks .
Some black homeowners contracted the buy - a - big - home fever that infected many Americans and took out ill - advised loans .
And unemployment has pitched even homeowners who hold conventional mortgages into foreclosure .
Mother hippos give birth underwater so it 's perhaps no surprise that baby hippopotamuses like to spend most of their day submerged .
This little hippo , pictured at just one week old , was born at Zoo Antwerp in Belgium on May 22nd .
The calf might look like a little tyke but baby hippos can weigh over 100 lbs ( 45 kg ) at birth !
( Note the Shrek - ears and water spouting )
DALLAS – Wanda
Banks gets really excited when she talks about how well her daughter is doing in her Cuban medical school .
By the time she finishes , everybody is convinced that Darnna Banks really is super !
Sister Banks also has a special place in her heart , she explains , for Reverend Lucius Walker .
It was Walker , on an earlier visit , who first told Darnna that she could get her medical degree on full scholarship in Havana .
Reverend Walker visited old friends like Wanda Banks and others at St Luke ’s United Methodist Community Center on June 9 .
He was touring Dallas to tell more people about the struggles for peace , civil rights , justice , and international solidarity .
In his role as head of Pastors for Peace since 1967 , Reverend Walker has made friends throughout the movement as he shepherded caravans through the states and southward to deliver equipment and supplies to our neighbors in Mexico , Central America , and , most often , Cuba .
Reverend Charles Stovall , host of the event , talked about the courage of the “ caravanistas ” as they travel to faraway places and incur the displeasure of America ’s wealthy rulers .
Reverend Walker was even shot , once , in the jungle of Nicaragua , probably by President Reagan ’s “ contra ” mercenaries !
The Reverend Walker is a model of humility .
People leaned forward as he spoke , softly , about his commitment to his Christian faith , even when it leads him far away from safety and public approval .
He said that everyone should live out their commitment to the Gospel and live out their commitment to justice . ”
Pressed for more explanation of his theology , the modest minister replied , “ I ’m not a great theologian .
I just take what Jesus said seriously . ”
“ Jesus and his disciples were the first communists , ” he told the group quietly , “ Not Communists with a capital “ C ” because that did n’t come along until later … .
But Jesus made it very clear that our job description as Christian disciples is to … love one another , serve one another , and work in the interests of those who are the least by the world ’s standards . ”
If there was any hardness in Reverend Walker ’s comments , they came when he talked about the embargo against Cuba .
He quoted the Pope as saying that the embargo is “ monstrously immoral . ”
He compared it to the Israeli occupation of Palestinian lands , and laid the blame for both squarely on imperialism .
“ To be silent in the face of all this , ” he said , “ is a total violation of what Jesus told us to do ! ”
Photo : Jim Lane .
Wanda Banks was really glad to see Lucious Walker .
At 12 years of age , kids are supposed to play with a doll , not their baby .
Four years ago , 12 - year old Tressa Middleton , shocked Britain by becoming its youngest mum .
She candidly talked about having sex after getting drunk and excitement on becoming a mother .
She became pregnant at the age of 11 .
Check the shocking pictures of 12 - year old Tressa holding her baby –
Despite barely being out of primary school , Miss Middleton smoked up to 20 cigarettes a day , used cannabis and downed cocktails of Buckfast tonic wine and vodka .
Speaking under the cover of anonymity at the time , she disclosed that she had discovered the pregnancy weeks after having drunken sex in August 2005 .
Drawing on a roll - up cigarette while heavily pregnant , she said : ‘ I slept with him because I was drunk and I wanted to .
I do n’t regret it because if I did n’t have sex with him I would n’t have my baby .
I knew straight away that I could n’t have an abortion because that ’s something I do n’t believe in . ’
Now at 16 , Tressa is fighting to see her daughter .
After giving birth to her daughter , both the mother and baby were under foster care .
But soon Tressa became addicted to drugs and alcohol and the baby was finally given for adoption .
She told the Scottish Sun : ‘ I ’m not a big drinker now and I do n’t smoke hash any more .
In the past I ’ve cut myself but I do n’t do that any more .
I ’m going to give myself a couple of years to get my life sorted , then I ’m going to fight for access to my little girl .
Source : www.dailymail.co.uk
Makes you scared to your bone .
There should definitely be a qualification test for people to have kids .
You just should n’t be allowed to have one – if you are biologically capable – but also responsible for one .
Tressa might have changed for now , but can we really trust her ?
The New Jersey Department of Environmental Protection has banned research - related oyster cultivation .
Oysters are excellent contaminant filters and as such , are a boon to polluted waters , such as those in New Jersey .
However , you would n't want to eat the oysters that are busily filtering and reclaiming the water in polluted harbors , which is why , apparently , the " New Jersey Department of Completely Bonkers " has banned their cultivation , preferring toxic water and no bivalves to clean water and toxic bivalves :
If you apply the same math to the oyster decision , then the decision still does n't make any sense .
Say there 's a one - in - 1,000 chance of contaminated oysters being found , chosen , removed , entered into the human - consumption supply chain , eaten , and ultimately damaging the New Jersey shellfish industry to the tune of say 25 % of sales .
Let 's put the costs of the decision at $ 10 million : multiply that by 1,000 and you get $ 10 billion .
25 % of New Jersey shellfish sales is $ 200 million .
So you 're essentially spending $ 50 , here , for every dollar you save .
It makes no sense .
I suspect that what 's happening here is a result of lobbying by the New Jersey shellfish industry , which will suffer no harm at all as a result of this decision .
They 're surely happy about it .
But they seem also to have a callous disregard for NY / NJ Baykeepers , for the environmental protection of New Jersey 's estuaries , and for New Jersey 's taxpayers more generally .
If similar reclamation schemes are a big success in the Chesapeake and elsewhere — which also have commercial shellfish operations nearby — they should work in New Jersey as well .
So I hope there 's some small chance that Martin will do the right thing and change his mind .
Maybe New Jersey 's oyster lovers can explain to him that they 're not worried about their food , so he should n't be worried about it either .
Overview
As the global economy begins to rebound from the great recession , people around the world remain deeply concerned with the way things are going in their countries .
Less than a third of the publics in most nations say they are satisfied with national conditions , as overwhelming numbers say their economies are in bad shape .
And just about everywhere , governments are faulted for the way they are dealing with the economy .
Yet in most countries , especially in wealthier nations , President Barack Obama gets an enthusiastic thumbs up for the way he has handled the world economic crisis .
The notable exception is the United States itself , where as many disapprove of their president ’s approach to the global recession as approve .
This pattern is indicative of the broader picture of global opinion in 2010 .
President Barack Obama remains popular in most parts of the world , although his job approval rating in the U.S. has declined sharply since he first took office .
In turn , opinions of the U.S. , which improved markedly in 2009 in response to Obama ’s new presidency , also have remained far more positive than they were for much of George W. Bush ’s tenure .
Ratings of America are overwhelmingly favorable in Western Europe .
For example , 73 % in France and 63 % in Germany say they have a favorable view of the U.S. Moreover , ratings of America have improved sharply in Russia ( 57 % ) , up 13 percentage points since 2009 , in China ( 58 % ) , up 11 points , and in Japan ( 66 % ) , up 7 points .
Opinions are also highly positive in other nations around the world including South Korea ( 79 % ) , Poland ( 74 % ) , and Brazil ( 62 % ) .
The U.S. continues to receive positive marks in India , where 66 % express a favorable opinion , although this is down from last year when 76 % held this view .
America ’s overall image has also slipped slightly in Indonesia , although 59 % still give the U.S. a positive rating in the world ’s largest predominantly Muslim nation .
Publics of other largely Muslim countries continue to hold overwhelmingly negative views of the U.S.
In both Turkey and Pakistan – where ratings for the U.S. have been consistently low in recent years – only 17 % hold a positive opinion .
Indeed , the new poll finds opinion of the U.S. slipping in some Muslim countries where opinion had edged up in 2009 .
In Egypt , America ’s favorability rating dropped from 27 % to 17 % – the lowest percentage observed in any of the Pew Global Attitudes surveys conducted in that country since 2006 .
Closer to home , a special follow - up poll found America ’s favorable rating tumbling in Mexico in response to Arizona ’s enactment of a law aimed at dealing with illegal immigration by giving police increased powers to stop and detain people who are suspected of being in the country illegally .
Only 44 % of Mexicans gave the U.S. a favorable rating following the signing of the bill , compared with 62 % who did so before the bill passed .
The new survey by the Pew Research Center ’s Global Attitudes Project , conducted April 7 to May 8 , also finds that overall opinion of Barack Obama remains broadly positive in most non-Muslim nations .
In these countries , the national median confidence in Obama to do the right thing in world affairs is 71 % , and overall approval of his policies is 64 % .
In particular , huge percentages in Germany ( 88 % ) , France ( 84 % ) , Spain ( 76 % ) and Britain ( 64 % ) say they back the president ’s policies .
Similarly in the two African nations polled Obama gets high marks – 89 % of Kenyans and 74 % of Nigerians approve of his international policies .
Muslims Grow Disillusioned About Obama
Among Muslim publics – except in Indonesia where Obama lived for several years as a child – the modest levels of confidence and approval observed in 2009 have slipped markedly .
In Egypt the percentage of Muslims expressing confidence in Obama fell from 41 % to 31 % and in Turkey from 33 % to 23 % .
Last year only 13 % of Pakistani Muslims expressed confidence in Obama , but this year even fewer ( 8 % ) hold this view .
And while views of Obama are still more positive than were attitudes toward President Bush among most Muslim publics , significant percentages continue to worry that the U.S. could become a military threat to their country .
Obamamania Tempers
In countries outside of the Muslim world , where the president ’s ratings remain generally positive , his standing is not quite as high in 2010 as it was a year ago .
The new poll found fewer in many Asian and Latin American countries saying they have confidence in Obama and approve of his policies generally , and even in Europe the large majorities responding positively to his foreign policy are not quite as large as they were in 2009 .
Besides declines in overall confidence in some countries , strong endorsement of Obama eroded in countries where he remains broadly popular .
Notably , in Britain , France , Germany , and Japan , fewer this year say they have a lot of confidence in Obama ’s judgment regarding world affairs , while more say some confidence ; still there was no increase in the percentage expressing no confidence in Obama in these countries .
Even though Obama has called the Arizona immigration law “ misdirected , ” it is nonetheless having a negative impact on views of him in Mexico .
Prior to the law ’s passage , 47 % of Mexicans had confidence in Obama ’s international leadership , but after passage only 36 % held this view .
More specifically , 54 % of Mexicans say they disapprove of the way Barack Obama is dealing with the new law , and as many as 75 % say that about Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer .
Disagreeing While Not Disapproving
Perhaps more significant than Obama ’s small declines in ratings is that a generally positive view of him and the U.S. coexists with significant concerns about the American approach to world affairs and some key policies .
This was not the case in the global surveys taken during President Bush ’s terms in office , when specific criticism ran hand in hand with anti-American and anti-Bush sentiment .
Then , as now , one of the most frequent criticisms of U.S. foreign policy is that in its formulation it does not take into account the interests of other countries .
This is the prevailing point of view in 15 of 21 countries outside of the U.S. Somewhat fewer people in most countries level this charge than did so during the Bush era .
Currently , the median number saying that the U.S. acts unilaterally is 63 % ; in 2007 a median of 67 % expressed that view .
Mixed Reactions to American Policies
In contrast to the Bush years , there is substantial majority support for U.S. anti-terrorism efforts in Britain , France , Spain and Germany .
The new poll also found major increases in support of the American efforts in two countries that have been struggling with terrorism of late : Indonesia and Russia , where roughly seven - in - ten say they back the U.S. in this regard .
Publics in India , Brazil , Kenya and Nigeria also express strong support for U.S. - led efforts to combat terrorism .
However , opposition to these policies is particularly strong in most Muslim countries , and it is also substantial in many nations where the U.S. is fairly well - regarded , including Japan and South Korea .
The war in Afghanistan remains largely unpopular .
In Germany , which has the third largest contingent of allied troops in Afghanistan , nearly six - in - ten people favor withdrawal from that country .
Opinions are more divided in NATO allies Britain , France and Poland .
In most other countries surveyed , majorities or pluralities also oppose the NATO effort .
Global opinion of Barack Obama ’s dealing with world trouble spots parallels general opinion of U.S. policies in these areas .
With regard to Afghanistan , Iraq and Iran , the polling found as many countries approving as disapproving of his handling of these issues .
However , the American president gets his worst ratings for dealing with another world problem for which the U.S. is often criticized : the Israeli - Palestinian conflict .
Of 22 nations surveyed including the U.S. , in only three nations do majorities approve of Obama ’s handling of the dispute : France , Nigeria and Kenya .
In sharp contrast to criticisms and mixed reviews of Obama ’s handling of geo-political problems , Obama not only gets good grades for the way he has handled the world economic crisis , but also for dealing with climate change .
In most countries , people approve of Obama ’s climate change efforts .
France is a notable exception , with a 52 % - majority disapproving , despite the country ’s approval of his other policies .
Modest Economic Optimism
Global publics are mostly glum about the way things are going in their countries .
And , despite signs of economic recovery in many parts of the world , people nearly everywhere , with the notable exception of China , India and Brazil , complain that their national economy is doing poorly .
Moreover , there is little optimism about the economic future .
And in the wake of Europe ’s sovereign debt crisis , more Europeans say integration has hurt their economies , although overall ratings for the EU remain favorable .
In 20 of 22 countries surveyed , less than half the population is satisfied with the direction of the country , including only 30 % of Americans .
Lebanese ( 11 % ) are the least satisfied .
Only in China does an overwhelming portion of the population ( 87 % ) express satisfaction with national conditions .
Overall , assessments are up in nine countries and down in only five .
Few people are happy with the current state of their national economy .
In only four countries : China ( 91 % ) , Brazil ( 62 % ) , India ( 57 % ) and Poland ( 53 % ) do publics say economic conditions are good .
All four of these nations weathered the global recession relatively well .
Economic gloom is most widespread in Japan , France , Spain and Lebanon , where roughly one - in - eight believes the economy is doing well .
But there are signs that an economic recovery may be taking hold .
In ten of the countries surveyed , people ’s assessment of the economy improved significantly from 2009 to 2010 .
Only in four nations did it recede .
Still , global publics are taking a wait - and - see attitude about the economic future .
In only seven of 22 societies does a majority of those surveyed think economic conditions will improve over the next year .
The economic bulls in the survey are the Chinese ( 87 % ) , Nigerians ( 76 % ) and Brazilians ( 75 % ) .
The Japanese ( 14 % ) are the most bearish .
Disgruntled people generally fault their government for their country ’s economic troubles , although many also blame banks and themselves ; few blame the U.S.
The most satisfied with their government ’s economic performance are also those who have experienced some of the strongest growth in the last year .
Roughly nine - in - ten Chinese ( 91 % ) say Beijing is doing a good job .
Indians ( 85 % ) and Brazilians ( 76 % ) are also quite pleased with their government ’s economic management .
Despite some of the worst recent economic conditions since the Depression , support for free markets remains strong , with some of the most tepid backing in Argentina ( 40 % ) and Japan ( 43 % ) .
And people continue to favor trade and globalization , with the weakest – but still majority – support in Turkey ( 64 % ) and the U.S. ( 66 % ) .
China Ascendant
A growing number of people around the globe see China ’s economy as the most powerful in the world .
Looking at the 20 countries surveyed in each of the last three years , China ’s economic star keeps rising .
The median number naming China as the world ’s leading economy has risen from 20 % to 31 % .
Meanwhile , the percentage naming the U.S. has dropped from 50 % to 43 % .
The publics of the countries surveyed vary in their views of China ’s growing economic clout .
In the West , opinion is divided in Britain , while majorities in Germany , France and Spain and a plurality in the U.S. see China ’s economic strength as a bad thing for their country .
The Pakistanis ( 79 % ) , Indonesians ( 61 % ) and Japanese ( 61 % ) regard China ’s rising economic power as a positive development .
Indians and to a lesser extent South Koreans do not .
Latin American , Middle Eastern and African publics see their countries benefiting from China ’s economic growth .
The Turks ( 18 % ) overwhelmingly see it the other way .
China is clearly the most self - satisfied country in the survey .
Nine - in - ten Chinese are happy with the direction of their country ( 87 % ) , feel good about the current state of their economy ( 91 % ) and are optimistic about China ’s economic future ( 87 % ) .
Moreover , about three - in - four Chinese ( 76 % ) think the U.S. takes into account Chinese interests when it makes foreign policy .
Europeans on Europe
In the midst of growing economic concerns in Europe , there is little indication of a broad public backlash against the European Union .
Large majorities in Poland , Spain , France and Germany and nearly half in Britain remain supportive of the Brussels - based institution .
And European publics continue to have a positive view of German Chancellor Angela Merkel , who is well - regarded in Britain , Spain and France .
In fact , as in the past , Merkel gets better ratings in France than in Germany itself for her leadership in world affairs .
And French President Nicolas Sarkozy ’s ratings are , if anything , somewhat better in Germany than in France .
The French leader is less well - regarded in Britain and Spain , but that has been so in previous surveys .
However , Europeans are divided in their views about major economic issues .
They are supportive of the euro , but disagree about the merits of European economic integration and the bailing - out of EU member countries in trouble .
Opinion of Greece , the recipient of EU financial aid , is on balance positive in Britain and France .
But , a majority of Germans express an unfavorable opinion of it .
At a time when NATO is developing a new strategic concept , majorities in major Europeans nations surveyed continue to hold a favorable view of it , as do most Americans .
However , many fewer Germans express a positive assessment of it currently ( 57 % ) than did so in 2009 ( 73 % ) .
Germans who express opposition to the NATO effort in Afghanistan are far less likely to hold positive views of this defense organization ( 45 % ) than do those who back it ( 76 % ) .
This is also true , but to a lesser extent , in the other EU countries surveyed as well as in the U.S .
Limited Support for Extremism
Support for terrorism remains low among the Muslim publics surveyed .
Many fewer Muslims in 2010 than in the middle of the past decade say that suicide bombing and other forms of violence against civilians are justified to defend Islam from its enemies .
However , the new poll does show a modest increase over the past year in support for suicide bombing being often or sometimes justifiable , with a rise in Egypt from 15 % to 20 % and in Jordan from 12 % to 20 % .
Still , these are below the levels of support observed mid-decade .
Overall attitudes toward Osama bin Laden have followed a similar trend line among the Muslim publics surveyed by the Pew Global Attitudes Project .
Views of the al Qaeda leader have been far more negative in recent years than they were mid-decade .
And the poll shows considerably less positive regard for him in Jordan than was apparent in 2009 .
Support for bin Laden has also declined among Nigerian Muslims , although 48 % still express confidence in the al Qaeda leader .
Iran and Its Nuclear Weapons Program
Among the nations surveyed , there is widespread opposition to Iran acquiring nuclear weapons and considerable support for tougher economic sanctions against the Islamic Republic .
For instance , more than three - quarters of those who oppose the Iranian nuclear program in Spain ( 79 % ) , Britain ( 78 % ) , Germany ( 77 % ) and France ( 76 % ) , as well as 67 % in Russia and 58 % in China , approve of tougher sanctions .
Many are also willing to consider using military force to prevent Iran from acquiring nuclear capabilities , including about half of those who oppose Iran ’s program in Poland , Germany , Spain , and Britain , and roughly six - in - ten in France .
Still , the Pew Global Attitudes survey foreshadows potential tension between the U.S. and other leading powers over what to do about the Iranian nuclear program .
Among those who oppose Tehran acquiring nuclear weapons , Americans are more likely than Europeans , Japanese , Chinese , Indians or Russians to approve of economic sanctions against Iran and to support taking military action to stop Tehran from acquiring nuclear armaments .
Pakistan is the only country in which a majority ( 58 % ) favors Iran acquiring nuclear weapons .
Elsewhere among largely Muslim nations , public opinion on balance opposes a nuclear - armed Iran , although significant numbers of Jordanians ( 39 % ) and Lebanese ( 34 % ) do want Iran to have such capabilities .
In predominantly Muslim countries , those who oppose Iranian nuclear weapons tend to favor tougher economic sanctions , and although fewer support using the military to prevent the Islamic Republic from developing these weapons , majorities or pluralities in four of the six countries surveyed favor this option .
Views on Climate Change
As in 2009 , the new poll found substantial majorities of the publics in most countries seeing global climate change as a serious problem .
The intensity of concern about this issue is less evident in the U.S. , China , Russia , Britain and France than it is among the publics of other major carbon - emitting nations , such as Germany , India , Japan and South Korea .
The publics of the 22 nations surveyed are more divided about paying increased prices to combat climate change .
Willingness to do so is nearly universal in China and clear majorities in India , South Korea , Japan , Turkey and Germany also favor consumers paying higher bills .
Most people express opposition in the U.S. , France , Russia and many of the less affluent countries surveyed , while views are more mixed in Britain , Spain and Brazil .
Also of Note :
Somewhat more Americans than in 2005 ( 35 % vs. 26 % ) think the U.S. is well - liked around the world .
However , fully 60 % think the U.S. is generally disliked .
As in 2005 , only Americans and Turks are more likely to say their country is disliked than to say it is liked .
Americans are no more isolationist than Europeans .
Asked whether their country should deal with its own problems and let others take care of themselves , 46 % of Americans agree , as do 44 % of Germans and 49 % of British .
The French are the most isolationist ; 65 % oppose helping other nations cope with their challenges .
But Americans are among the least supportive of international trade among the 22 nations surveyed ; nevertheless 66 % think it is good for their country .
While most Europeans and Japanese think Americans are too religious , people in the rest of the world – in 18 of 22 countries – think Americans are not religious enough .
This includes the U.S. , where 64 % say their country should be more religious .
Criticism of American secularism is particularly strong in the three Arab nations surveyed .
The Rachel Corrie ship , with 19 Irish activists and a Malaysian crew on board , entered the Ashdod Port Saturday afternoon accompanied by Navy ships .
Earlier Saturday , Navy commandoes raided the commandeered the ship in a peaceful operation and without any injuries .
A senior IDF official said that activists on the ship displayed no resistance and even offered a ladder to the soldiers .
He added that the army utilized electronic shielding to paralyze communications on the seized vessel .
Rachel Corrie Takeover ended in 5 minutes Ron Ben - Yishai Ron Ben - Yishai reports from the field :
Five days after bloody raid on Marmara , Navy stages peaceful takeover at sea ; female combat soldiers take part in quick raid on Rachel Corrie , fighters board ship using rope ladders Takeover ended in 5 minutes
" We pledged that all the equipment they 're bringing in , including the cement , would be handed over to the Strip , and that they would be allowed to accompany the goods all the way to the border crossings , " the Navy official said .
" We said the cement would be handed over to the United Nations or to official organizations to ensure it is used for civilian means . "
Earlier Saturday , the police announced that the activists will be treated differently than participants in the previous Gaza - bound flotilla .
Police officials said the activists on the Rachel Corrie did not commit any offences , did not offer resistance , and reached understandings with the IDF , and for that reason will be treated leniently .
The activists were expected to be interrogated and later taken to an Immigration Authority facility in Holon , near Tel Aviv .
' No info about more ships '
After four offers were rejected , the Navy moved into action , asking the vessel 's captain to gather all passengers on the ship 's deck .
" The moment we shifted to this stage , they cooperated fully , " the IDF official said .
" We told them what we 're about to do .
We boarded the ship .
In light of the number of people on board and their cooperation , we decided there was no need for helicopters .
We boarded the ship in a cautious manner , but they did not show any resistance .
They just stayed in place , " he said .
In a talk with journalists , the senior officer said that the Navy will continue to impose the blockade around the Gaza Strip .
" For the time being , the blockade is in place .
In our view this is just and lawful , and we intend to impose it in line with our mandate , " he said .
Referring to yet another ship , Challenger 2 , which was to take part in the original flotilla but was delayed because of mishaps , the officer said Israel had no information about when it would be fixed .
" Regarding additional ships – we have no concrete information , " he said .
Addressing the possibility that Turkey will initiate additional Gaza - bound flotillas , accompanied by Turkish missile boats , the official said : " It 's clear to all of us that this would be a diplomatic incident with major implications .
I wo n't voice an opinion on the matter . "
Ilana Curiel contributed to the story
[ All the above images are cropped from the full book pages and have
been background cleaned ; click through for enlarged versions ]
' Schrift - und Polytypen - Proben '
In the first half of the 19th century , BG Teubner ran one of the most advanced printing houses in Germany .
The Leipzig company was renowned for publishing the most comprehensive editions of classical literature in the original Latin and Greek .
In the production of their critical texts , a variety of Greek fonts were developed that became standards in printing for over a century .
And although Teubner died in 1856 , his name survived at the printing company through successive evolutions and ownership changes .
In fact , a series of classical texts known as Bibliotheca Teubneriana is still published today .
The present work ---( 1848 ) { Fonts and examples of different type} --- appears to be a fairly comprehensive model - book or copy - book aimed at printers .
It contains a wide variety of fonts and typographic elements , decorative borders , printer 's ornaments , page cornices , emblems , shields , trophies and pendants , as well as what look like Victorian clip - art motifs . : click the little book icon to load the thumbnail pages .
The libertarian philosophy has a strong appeal , especially to intelligent young people , and has had a powerful impact on American life through such public figures as Barry Goldwater , Ronald Reagan and Alan Greenspan .
There is a lot to be said in favor of philosophy whose supreme value is the right of individual human beings to make choices and live as they wish , provided they do not infringe on the freedom of others .
If you have to have one supreme principle that outweighs all the others , that is not a bad one .
I was much interested in libertarian philosophy during the Reagan era , and I still think that deregulation and cuts in marginal tax rates were a good idea up to a point .
I do n’t agree with Libertarians that governmental activity is by definition an infringement on freedom , and private business activity never is .
And I do n’t agree that governmental activity is by definition unproductive , and that private business activity never is .
These things are sometimes true , but not always true .
When I covered business for the Democrat and Chronicle in the 1980s and 1990s , I never found anybody afraid to criticize the government , but I did find many people fearful of criticizing business , particularly major employers in Rochester .
When I talked to employees of big companies such as Eastman Kodak Co. , it was like what I imagined interviewing people in an Iron Curtain country would be like .
Nor were people merely fearful of criticizing their own employers .
In an era of downsizing , they did not want to say anything on the record that would brand them as malcontents .
Libertarians do n’t all think alike , but a typical libertarian answer would be that there is no problem .
People are free to say what they think ; employers are free to hire whom they choose .
So long as there is no government coercion , nobody ’s freedom is infringed .
The United States has a problem with deteriorating water and sewer mains , dams and levees , bridges and other infrastructure .
Paying taxes to the government to maintain and upgrade these systems would , in my opinion , do more to improve the nation ’s productivity than investing in the stock market and just bidding up the price of existing stocks .
A typical libertarian answer would be taxation is coercion , for whatever purpose the money is spent , and that as many government activities as possible should be privatized and opened up to competition so I would have a choice .
One of the big libertarian dilemmas was the 1964 Civil Rights Act .
Most libertarians were willing to agree that segregation laws were wrong , but they could not accept “ forced integration . ”
If a white department store owner did n’t want to serve black customers or hire black employees , that supposedly was his right ; if all the department stores in town were owned by white and wanted to bar blacks , that supposedly was his right .
So long as black people were not being coerced by government , their rights supposedly were not being infringed .
The libertarian solution to racial discrimination is the free market .
A business that is willing to serve any customer will have a competitive advantage over one that restricts itself to just one race , the argument goes ; a business that is willing to hire any qualified applicant will have a competitive advantage over one that restricts itself to just one race .
Economics supposedly will end racial discrimination without the need for laws .
I lived in the border state of Maryland during the civil rights era , and I knew several business owners , including the owner of the diner where I had lunch every day , who told me that they personally had nothing against serving black people , but they were afraid of the reaction of their white customers .
Civil rights legislation gave them an excuse to do what they said they wanted to do .
Blake McKelvey , in his four volume history of Rochester , said Rochester ’s largest employers did not drop restrictions on hiring black people until the labor shortage created by World War Two .
Some of them did not hire Italian - Americans ; that is said to be the reason so many Italian - American families in Rochester have Angl0 - Saxon names .
It really boils down to a question of values .
Which is more important , the right of the individual to be free of government coercion , or the right of the individual to be treated impartially regardless of race or ethnicity ?
My answer is , it all depends , but I do n’t think the first right always outweighs the second .
Click on this for the web site of the Libertarian Party .
Its motto is “ the party of principle . ”
Click on this for the web site of the Cato Institute , the leading libertarian think tank .
Click on this for the web site of Reason , the leading libertarian magazine .
Its motto is “ free minds and free markets . ”
Click on this for a libertarian argument against the 1964 Civil Rights Act .
Click on this for Unqualified Offerings , a web log by a libertarian physics professor .
I read it almost every day .
Later ( 6/3/10 )
The Unqualified Offerings web log is written by a couple of people , not just one .
Click on this for an interesting view of Ron Paul , the small - l libertarian Republican congressman who is the father of senatorial candidate Rand Paul .
Share this : Print
Twitter
Reddit
LinkedIn
Facebook
Email
Tumblr
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Tags : Libertarianism
For those who do n't follow international sports let 's just say that England is the global version of the Chicago Cubs .
Accordingly , a poll reported by The Mirror says 12 % of English fans are so desperate for sports success that they 'd give up sex for a year to see their team win the World Cup .
Also , 10 % said they 'd dump their girlfriend in exchange for winning this year 's tournament .
No word on how many would send their spouses packing .
Discrimination is a dynamic industry in India .
A survey recorded an astonishing 80 - odd practices of untouchability — new , bizarre , vintage .
Discrimination is a dynamic industry in India .
A survey recorded an astonishing 80 - odd practices of untouchability — new , bizarre , vintage .
Two thousand years and counting .
We must hold the record for perpetuating one of the worst crimes on humanity for the longest time running .
The practice of untouchability has an unbroken history .
A record the Indian state , in violation of its own Constitution , has become a collaborator to .
Not hesitating to lie , even denying it at times , the state machinery stands guilty of turning a blind eye to this inhuman practice .
A grave failure , seen most recently in Haryana , where the Supreme Court had to warn the government with “ serious consequences ” if it further delayed justice to the Dalit community in Mirchpur , where two citizens were burned to death and houses of 150 others reduced to ashes by the upper caste Jat community .
To call the bluff on sanitised official reports that feign ignorance about an ugly social truth , the Tamil Nadu Untouchability Eradication Front , an umbrella group comprising nearly 150 labour , Dalit and human rights movements , set off on a comprehensive survey three years ago .
They started documenting all manifestations of untouchability , circa 2010 .
They visited 1,845 villages in 22 ( of 32 ) districts in the state .
A new village , a new can of worms .
Exposing the rot of oppression and its myriad crippling ways .
Discrimination is a dynamic industry in India .
The survey recorded an astonishing 80 - odd practices of untouchability — new , bizarre , vintage .
It further recorded 22 atrocities committed against Dalits .
The list , titled ‘ Cruel Manifestations ’ was released at the Front ’s first state conference held in Pudukottai district on 28 May .
Here ’s an abridged version of that list
THE LIST
» Not allowed to speak on the cell phone in the presence of caste Hindus .
( A practice reported in the Nilgiri constituency , a reserved Lok Sabha seat , the current incumbent of which is , ironically , Union Telecom Minister A Raja . )
» Not allowed to keep male dogs .
( Why ?
They might breed with female dogs from upper caste neighbourhoods . )
» Separate work timings under the National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme .
» Refusal to rent houses to Dalits in certain neighbourhoods in urban areas .
( Reported in Madurai , Tamil Nadu ’s second largest city . )
» No door delivery by postmen ; postal department prevented from hiring Dalit postmen .
» No access to the common crematorium , burial grounds .
» Prevented from having their clothes washed or ironed , or assigned separate cupboards at the laundry for clothes of Dalits .
» Refusal by barbers to cut their hair , or separate chairs for Dalits .
» Separate ration shops , or queues , or timings for Dalits .
» Offered tea in coconut shells which they can drink only by squatting on the ground .
» Prevented from renting private marriage halls , public address systems .
» Forced to cut out portion of the name that suggests respect ( Madaswamy will be called Mada , Muniyaswamy Muniya ) .
» Attacked if they call any caste Hindu as annan ( brother ) .
» Erecting walls ( as was seen in Uthappuram ) to deny Dalits access to common places .
» Elderly members of the Dalit community addressed by children of the dominant caste as poda , vada ( denoting lack of respect ) .
» No access to temples , public streets , public taps ( separate timings to collect water ) , public tanks , temples .
» Sapparam ( temple car ) not driven through areas where Dalits reside .
» Not allowed to participate in pookkuzhi ( a ritual of walking on fire ) during festivals .
» Two , in some cases four , tumbler system in tea - shops , one set for Dalits and categories within them , another for caste Hindus .
» Separate neighbourhoods for Dalits in villages .
» Preventing the opening of milk dairy near Dalit neighbourhoods .
» Dalit ( Arunthathiyar ) students compelled to clean bathrooms in schools .
» Opposition to hiring Dalit cooks in mid-day meal school kitchens .
» Engaging Dalits , Arunthathiyars especially , in conservancy work .
» Dalit workers to bring their own food - plates while others need not .
» Boycotting meetings held by Dalit Panchayat presidents .
» Preventing the opening of panchayat office buildings in Dalit areas .
NOT ALLOWED TO …
» Wear shoes or chappals
» Wear polyester dhotis
» Ride bicycles or travel in bullock carts
» Sit under bus shelters at village bus stops
» Wear a cloth headgear or carry a towel over the shoulder ( as is the local practice )
» Sport a thin moustache
» Sit on benches in hotels and tea stalls
» Burst crackers during festivals
» Rear cattle
» Sing or speak at village functions or participate in auctions
» Dine with caste Hindus
OBLIGATED TO
» Offer goats gratis to descendants of past andais ( landlords in the feudal age ) during festivals
» Carry dead bodies
» Work in crematoriums and at burial grounds
» Sound the parai ( drums )
» Carry message of death to people of the dominant caste ( to be paid only bus fare , food only if offered )
ATROCITIES ON DALITS
» Forced to eat faeces .
» Urinating into the mouth .
» Murdered if elected as Panchayat President against the wishes of the dominant caste .
» Sexual assault on Dalit women .
» Burning alive if a Dalit fights for rights .
» Setting fire to Dalit huts .
» Tied to a tree and beaten up .
» Killing all dogs in a Dalit area if a dog of the Dalit area bites a dog that belongs to an upper caste community .
» Obstructing the common passage ( if won through struggle ) with mortar , grindstone and washing utensils there .
» Killing by poisoning one who inter-marries .
» Ostracising those Dalits who raise their voice for human rights .
» Attacking Dalits if they insist on using community halls .
» Making Dalits prostrate before members of the dominant caste and imposing fines on them .
» Refusal by the state administration to enforce access to burial grounds .
» Harassment and brutal attacks on Dalits by the police for fighting for their rights .
» Dalits driven away by the police for trying to enter temples
It 's time for the corporate ' Death Penalty ' ...
Brad Friedman Byon 6/6/2010 , 2:45 pm PT
Not satisfied with merely destroying the Gulf of Mexico , on Friday , BP reported the emission of more than 500,000 pounds of pollutants and non-pollutants in April and May at their refinery in Texas City , TX .
The emissions included hundreds of thousands of pounds of deadly benzene , nitrogen oxides and carbon monoxide .
Via Think Progress :
emphasis in original ] : Refinery spokesman Michael Marr said in its follow up reporting with the Texas Commission on Environmental Quality , BP estimated 36,000 pounds of nitrogen oxides and 17,000 pounds of benzene were released in the 40 days .
State law requires 10 pounds or more of benzene and 200 pounds or more of nitrogen oxide during a 24 - hour period must be reported through the commission ’s air emissions database .
The bulk of the emissions during that time included an estimated 189,000 pounds of carbon monoxide and 61,000 pounds of propane , according to the company ’s report to the TCEQ .
While BP touts the mild success of its most recent attempt to contain the massive gusher spewing oil into the Gulf of Mexico , they would probably rather people do n’t notice the other spill they recently caused , this one of deadly benzene from a refinery in Texas City , TX .
The refinery released more than 400 pounds a day of the chemical over a 40 - day period from early April to mid May of this year , BP quietly informed the state environmental regulator yesterday .
Over that period , the refinery released 500,000 pounds of benzene and other toxic chemicals into the air , the Galveston Daily News reports ] :
For the record , this is the same BP refinery where an explosion in 2005 killed 15 workers and injured more than 170 others .
The company was forced to pay a meager $ 71 million in federal fines for that incident .
It 's as if the company has friends in high places , or something ...
Incredibly , regulations on the local level for this type of " spill " seem to be far more stringent that at the federal level .
As the Galveston Daily News notes , despite stricter state laws requiring the reporting of " 10 pounds or more of benzene and 200 pounds or more of nitrogen oxide during a 24 - hour period " to the Texas Commission on Environmental Quality ( TCEQ ) , the D.C. Big Oil lobby seems to have had their way at the federal level :
[ N] either of the levels of the emissions reached levels that required self - reporting to the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency , Marr said .
The EPA requires any nitrogen oxides release of more than 1,000 pounds a day be reported , while the federal agency does not require reports of benzene emissions .
Had enough yet ?
Alaskan blogger Jeanne " Mudflats " Devon , who called our attention to this item via Twitter , calls for the " Corporate death penalty .
NOW . " in response .
While we are adamantly opposed to the regular Death Penalty --- in other words , actual murder sanctioned and carried out by Big Government --- if corporations are " people " , as the Supreme Court recently re-affirmed in Citizens United , then they should have to pay the ultimate price for their continuing mass murder sprees .
Big Government should force them to disband , or to be broken into tiny pieces and sold off to others .
Of course , " Corporate Personhood " is a complete and utter fiction to all but the Rightwing who hide behind it to make money and avoid personal accountability , and those on the Left who are too cowardly to do a damn thing about it , since their careers are also now held hostage to the solely - profit - driven whims of unlimited corporate free speech MONEY .
CAIRO , June 29 ( Reuters ) - A court on Tuesday postponed to Sept. 25 a session to hear closing arguments in the murder case retrial of Egyptian property tycoon and politician Hesham Talaat Moustafa because of a lawyer labour dispute .
The retrial of Moustafa , a member of parliament for Egypt 's ruling party and former chairman of Talaat Moustafa Group TMGH.CA , was ordered after an appeal court cited flaws in his original conviction over the murder of a Lebanese singer .
Moustafa and security man , Muhsen el - Sukkari , were sentenced to death after the original guilty verdict in a trial that gripped the Arab world and rattled shares in Moustafa ’s firm .
This trial and others have been disrupted by a row between lawyers and judges after a court sentenced two lawyers to five years in prison for assaulting an Egyptian attorney during an investigation session .
The lawyers ’ syndicate has coordinated protests , including calls for members to boycott court sessions .
“ There is a public protest and the court has postponed the case .
I am bound to follow the syndicate ’s decision , ” Moustafa ’s lawyer Farid el - Dib told Reuters .
The court said the next hearing would be on Sept. 25 .
Moustafa and Sukkari were arrested in 2008 over the murder of singer Suzanne Tamim in Dubai that year .
They were found guilty by a criminal court in May 2009 , a ruling that surprised Egyptians who usually regard the elite to be above the law .
Media described the murder as an act of revenge after Tamim ended an extramarital affair with Moustafa .
The retrial , which started on April 26 , was granted on the grounds of legal errors and after the original court was found to have failed to respond to defence requests .
( Writing by Yasmine Saleh , editing by Edmund Blair )
A Nebraska town , angry over a surge in the number of Hispanic residents , is voting today in a referendum on a new law that would require foreign nationals to get a licence to live in the town .
The referendum in Fremont has been prompted by a sharp rise in Hispanic people drawn by work at meatpacking plants , combined with fears over job losses and demand placed on the town 's social services because of the economic downturn .
If approved , tenants who are not US - citizens would be required to get an " occupancy licence " from the city council .
Even residents of nursing homes would be required to obtain such a licence .
Federal law requires employers to verify the immigration status of workers , but the proposed law would also open violators to local sanctions .
Supporters insist it is not racist and is essential to protect jobs , healthcare and education because the town 's Hispanic population has grown from 165 to more than 2,000 in 20 years .
It is unclear what proportion of those are in the US illegally , but the big meatpacking plants where many work say they only employ people whose immigrant status has been verified .
The Fremont Tribune has reported cases of Hispanic people who are legal residents being verbally abused and told to return to Mexico .
Jerry Hart , one of the three sponsors of the legislation , told the Fremont Tribune that the proposed law was in part a security measure .
" The federal law was put into place for a reason – to control how many people come into this country and to regulate the people , so they do n't have communicable diseases and are not bringing in drugs or having criminal records and these people who are sneaking in – you do n't know what you 're getting .
We could have terrorists and gang members and people involved in drugs , " he said .
John Wiegert , another of the sponsors of the referendum , said : " A lot of them are coming here for the American dream and they 're causing nothing but an American nightmare to me . "
Nebraska Governor Dave Heineman has declined to take a position even though he is a former Fremont city councillor and owns and rents out property in the city .
Some business owners oppose the measure , claiming Hispanic residents bring money to the town , and are concerned at the cost to taxpayers of legal challenges by civil liberties groups .
The American Civil Liberties Union is suing the state of Nevada over a proposed referendum to introduce tough immigration laws – similar to the controversial measures in force in Arizona – which require police to detain anyone they reasonably suspect to be in the US illegally .
The proposed Nevada law would require non-US citizens to carry proof they have the right to be in the US and make it illegal to transport or house undocumented immigrants , among other measures .
The ACLU and the Nevada Open for Business Coalition , a mix of casino owners , shopkeepers , unions and civic groups , on Friday asked a court to block the vote on the grounds it would promote racial profiling and hurt the state 's economy .
"
Not only does the intent of the proposal blatantly violate America 's most fundamental values of fairness and equality , the expansive scope of it intentionally confuses voters , " said the ACLU 's lawyer , Maggie McLetchie .
The proposed Nevada law has run in to objections from some in the business community concerned at the economic impact of Arizona 's anti-illegal immigrant legislation on the state .
The controversial law has led to boycotts of Arizona by some organisations , costing the state part of its lucrative convention business as well as affecting tourism .
Towns near the Mexican border also report a sharp drop in the number of customers from Mexico .
Finishing off the hat - trick of laptops , Toshiba 's AC100 is their first machine to run on Android , and is shaping up to be a very tidy netbook with up to eight hours of battery , or up to SEVEN DAYS ' standby life .
Advertisement
Yep , seven days .
It runs on an NVIDIA Tegra 250 chip , with an insy - winsy 512MB of DDR2 RAM , and 8GB NAND flash memory .
The SD / MMC card reader will expand the storage so you can easily cart around more media if needed , and the 1.3MP webcam with microphone will get you using video - chatting apps once downloaded from the Market .
Advertisement
It 's running Android 2.1 Eclair , and hardware - wise , has a 10.1 - inch TruBrite screen with LED - backlighting , and 1,024 x 600 resolution .
That could definitely be improved upon .
It weighs 870g , and only has one USB port and one miniUSB , but there 's also a HDMI port for connecting to TVs etc too .
Bluetooth , Wi -Fi and optional 3G round it off .
Full details below in the press release , but if this AC100 has caught your eye you 've got a tad more waiting to do — it goes on sale August .
The United States Coast Guard considers me a felon now , because I “ willfully ” want to obtain more photos like these to show you the utter devastation occurring in Barataria Bay , Louisiana , as a result of the BP oil catastrophe .
If the Coast Guard has its way , all media , not just independent writers and photographers like myself and Jerry Moran , will be fined $ 40,000 and receive Class D felony convictions for providing the truth about oiled birds and dolphins , in addition to broken , filthy , unmanned boom material that is trapping oil in the marshlands and estuaries .
We do n’t have $ 40,000 to spare , and have had to scrape the bottoms of our checkbooks as is to hire boats to take us to the devastation the Coast Guard , under the direction of BP , does not want you to see .
Here is what PB wants you to believe–kayakers enjoying a peaceful paddle in pristine waters .
Does the new boom law apply to them , as well ?
If so , it is time for BP to redo its public relations photography , unveiled at a community meeting in Houma , or we will have a ton of kayakers as well as journalists clogging Louisiana courts and prisons .
One to five years in prison is a definite possibility for “ willful violation ” of the latest Coast Guard directive that flies in the face of the First Amendment .
And , I guarantee you that writers and photographers will continue to try our best to use cameras and words to explain to those who have not been there exactly what is happening on our Gulf Shores .
If we do n’t continue to try , Americans will no longer see the images and read the words that have been a voice for the voiceless fishermen and women , coastal residents of the Delta , and the battered wildlife .
Working and reporting from American Gulf Coast is starting to remind me of working in Rwanda and the Democratic Republic of Congo , where photos and recordings must be hidden on secreted flash drives at border crossings , and where interrogation by drunken border patrols certainly follows if one does not provide a proper “ explanation ” for visits to certain regions .
In 2007 , I was accused of being a “ spy ” and held by the secret police in Goma , DRC , for having video of illicit “ conservation ” activities .
Now the same sick feelings of fear , anger , and helplessness is stalking my mind as I try to plan for the next round in south Louisiana .
Never in my lifetime could I imagine that a foreign company could dictate my ability to move freely and openly in American territorial waters .
Already we have been challenged by the private security firm , Talon , on the oiled beaches of Grand Isle , and hassled by the Coast Guard and Louisiana Wildlife officials for not wearing flotation devices when it was not necessary .
The law was on our side then , now the “ law ” is being used to limit free speech .
What ’s next ?
Will media be totally shut down ?
Will we face assassinations like journalists do in Rwanda ?
I realize assassination is over - the - top , but when it crosses your mind , even for a moment , you know something is terribly wrong .
On June 30 there was an uptick in press releases flowing from “ Unified Command . ”
The notice of the Coast Guard felony directive was buried along with EPA test results on Corexit , Thad Allen ’s “ official ” retirement from the Coast Guard , notices about NOAA , oiled wildlife– at least nine press releases in the space of a few hours .
Ordinarily , these propaganda pieces go in the file folder .
The media ban disguised as a safety rule jumped out , but there was much analysis to do regarding the EPA test results on that day .
So , the bogus 20 - meter ( 65 feet ) “ safety zone ” surrounding all Deepwater Horizon booming operations and oil had to wait until I could wrap my head around the implications .
Frankly , I wanted to ignore it .
The Coast Guard directive states , “ The safety zone has been put in place to protect members of the response effort , the installation and maintenance of oil containment boom , the operation of response equipment and protection of the environment by limiting access to and through deployed protective boom . ”
That statement is the most egregious smokescreen we have encountered on this story .
No one is maintaining the boom in Barataria Bay .
Boom must be anchored , cleaned , and replaced .
This is not happening , and the Coast Guard , which reports directly to President Obama , does not want you to see this .
Why are n’t boom maintenance laws enforced ?
Instead , reporters now become felons for showing the American public the utter mess the Coast Guard , federal officials and BP have created in our once - beautiful waterways .
Here is one boom plan that is not being implemented .
“ The boom is not working … it is a joke , ” says Billy Nungesser , president of Plaquemines Parish , Louisiana , at a Thursday Senate hearing .
“ It washes up on the shore with the oil , and then we have oil in the marsh , and we have an oily boom .
So we have two problems . ”
Senator Mary Landrieu ( D - LA ) has said that the boom only works in open ocean .
Another under - reported aspect of this story is that the dispersant Corexit has done its job of hiding the catastrophe so well that booms cannot stop the oil .
It slips , snakes , and slides under the booms , which are inherently worthless in shallow waters , as Landrieu says .
Here is what the Ports and Waterways Safety Act directs .
Is the Coast Guard ensuring the environmental protection of Barataria Bay ?
It is not , and Thad Allen and BP and the federal government do not want you to see the images that bring that fact home .
The Coast Guard has a statutory responsibility under the Ports and Waterways Safety Act of 1972 ( PWSA ) , Title 33 USC § 1221to ensure the safety and environmental protection of U.S. ports and waterways .
The PWSA authorizes the Coast Guard to “ …establish , operate and maintain vessel traffic services in ports and waterways subject to congestion .
In fairness to beleaguered information officers at Unified Command , there is one woman who has been trying to be helpful on several information fronts .
I sent her this question :
Have you heard about the Coast Guard regulation ( new ) about booms and staying 20 meters away .
Does this apply to unmanned booms ?
There is a felony penalty .
Does this mean no boat traffic in Barataria Bay ?
It is hard to stay that distance if you are near the boomed islands .
Her response was immediate and we cannot hold PIO officers accountable for the regulations .
She did sum it up in no uncertain terms .
The safety zone applies to ALL boom .
In the case of Barataria Bay , the statement made in the press release , ” In areas where vessels operators cannot avoid the 20 - meter rule , they are required to be cautious of boom and boom operations by transiting at a safe speed and distance , ” would apply .
Do you want to see more photos like this oiled dolphin in Barataria Bay , taken by Jerry Moran ?
Permission to enter any safety zone must be granted by the Coast Guard Captain of the Port of New Orleans by calling 504-846-5923 .
Perhaps the American public should start calling him and demand that our rights of free speech and expression be reinstated in Gulf waters .
Note : I am removing all copyrights on my work .
Spread these photos far and wide .
Georgianne Nienaber
Crossposted with the author ’s permission from Huffington Post
As a boy I managed , after much persistence , to persuade my parents to buy me a Sinclair Spectrum 48 K + ( the one with the black , concave keys ) .
To do this I had to convince them it was not merely a machine on which to play games but an important tool that would teach me computer programming and aid my schoolwork .
It did nothing of the sort , of course , making my own name appear repeatedly and inelegantly ( 10 PRINT " Saptarshi Ray " ; 20 GOTO 10 ) was all I achieved other than spending hours playing the likes of Jet Set Willy and Gunfright .
The deception was one propagated by most of my generation and most parents were unknowingly complicit .
We just wanted to play games but they did n't want to admit they were simply buying us a toy , but via our youthful vantage point of technical knowledge we helped assuage their guilt .
Now the reverse seems true .
If you believe the hype of Apple , Microsoft , Sony and their ilk , work or practical use of any kind is merely a byproduct of every gadget and gizmo's ability to make our lives that little bit more zany , wacky or cool .
I recently saw a newspaper advert for a satnav - capable mobile phone , the strapline for which was something along the lines of : " Now you 'll always be able to find the pub your mates are drinking in . "
The latest TV ads for the iPad , iPhone , laptops and cameraphones dazzle us with claims that you can access Facebook or YouTube quicker than ever .
That you can download music and films faster than before , and that you can tweet all of this in an instant .
Advertising aimed at the youth market is nothing new , but these are apparently aimed at everyone .
Somewhere along the way , consumer technology seems to have swung from what it can do to make our lives better , to what it can exclusively do to make our lives more fun .
Surely it can do both ?
Mobile phones have migrated from a demographic of bombastic bankers and estate agents clinching deals , to teenagers and adults eager to use them to giggle at videos or contact people they see regularly anyway .
Only a few years ago , advances in broadband , Wi-Fi , shadow servers and the like were seen as a step towards allowing people to work from anywhere .
We were told phonecalls of immense clarity could be made to your office in San Francisco while you were on a train in Shanghai ; you could access your files in Birmingham from an internet cafe in Kuala Lumpur .
Technology meant you could manage your work - play ratio so much better .
The play now seems to eclipse the work .
I am not against this development : I like Facebook , I like Twitter , I like YouTube and the way the online environment 's relative irreverence has seeped into newsrooms and companies and made them a bit less stuffy .
But I fall short of nostalgia for the dotcom boom of the late 1990s , synonymous as it is with table football and laidback accountants with headsets on orange beanbags .
Where we are now seems like a hangover of that period .
Are we really becoming more frivolous as a society ?
Is the phenomenon of parents having flashier toys than their children a welcome or worrying development ?
Obviously working in the media is a biased sample , journalists are encouraged to tweet , post or forward funny and unusual material .
And inversely , social media has been harnessed to help report some powerful stories by the public – such as Wikileaks ' footage of a Baghdad air strike or Twitter 's role in the protest after the Iranian elections .
But at what point did we stop thinking that advances in communications were primarily to aid a greater progress ?
On the one hand we are told to be more serious about the environment , carbon cost , lose our apathy towards politics and economics , hold big business to account , follow medical breakthroughs and the plight of farmers and workers in developing nations ; yet on the other , we are driven to embrace our inner geeky child as technology becomes more portable and more convenient .
Each time , the marketing pushes to become less uptight , more infantile – more teenage boy .
I applaud the ingenuity behind developments in consumer technology , but surely there is a market for each new product beyond man-boys and fanboys ?
I wonder if we could n't be shown their uses beyond ensuring we do n't end up in the wrong pub .
Rapper
Wale has quickly gone from being a target to a celebrated straight figure after that back - and - forth over D.C. ’s Black Gay Pride .
If he keeps this up , he might just earn himself icon status .
Carlos , of the blog Carlos in DC , caught up with Wale as he was … waiting , for something over the weekend … and peppered him with a few questions .
“ At the end of the day , whether you accept it or not , it ’s not going anywhere , ” Wale says of The Gs , of whom he does n’t know any .
But ! : “ A common denominator is that you have a heart and a soul . ”
How can the blowout device be considered fail - safe ?
Because the free market is powerful enough to do anything !
A senior House Democrat said that the blowout preventer that failed to stop an oil leak in the Gulf of Mexico had a dead battery in its control pod , leaks in its hydraulic system , a " useless " test version of one of the devices that was supposed to close the flow of oil and a cutting tool that was n't strong enough to shear through joints that made up 10 percent of the drill pipe .
In a devastating review of the blowout preventer that BP said was supposed to be " fail - safe , " Rep. Bart Stupak ( D - Mich . ) said in a hearing of the House Energy and Commerce Committee on Wednesday that the device was anything but fail - safe .
Rep. Edward Markey ( D - Mass . ) pressed BP on why it had assured regulators in its exploration plan that it could deal with a spill 50 times larger than the current one when the current one seems to have defied control technology .
" The American people expect you to have a response comparable to the Apollo project , not ' Project Runway , ' " Markey said .
Stupak said that the committee investigators had also uncovered a document prepared in 2001 by the drilling rig operator Transocean that said there were 260 " failure modes " that could require removal of the blowout preventer .
" How can a device that has 260 failure modes be considered fail - safe ? " Stupak said .
Perhaps this is the answer :
Analyst Marko Papic examines Russian President Dmitri Medvedev 's trip to the United States in the context of Russia 's historical pattern of modernization .
Andrew Sullivan writes :
I have to say the way some get worked up about this — I ’m talking to you , Rick — baffles me .
You talkin ’ to me , Andrew ?
I guess so , since , sadly , I seem to be the only Rick who gets worked up about “ this ” — this being the basic electoral arrangement we inherited from Great Britain a couple of hundred years ago : the single - member - district , geographically based , plurality - winner - take - all system of representation , which the Brits call “ first past the post , ” or FPTP .
The United States , some other former British colonies ( e.g. , Canada and India ) , and certain Latin American republics that made the mistake of aping the Colossus of the North still labor under the disadvantages of this eighteenth - century political technology .
Pretty much every other democracy — including the whole of continental Europe — has chosen one or another version of proportional representation , which was invented in the mid-nineteenth century .
In recent decades , ex-colonies New Zealand and Australia have moved beyond FPTP .
So has the mother country herself for elections to regional legislatures and the European parliament — everything but the kingdom - wide House of Commons .
And if the Liberal Democrats do well tonight , change might be on its way to Westminster as well .
Andrew links approvingly to a thoughtful Jonathan Bernstein post and pulls out two key points .
Here ’s the first :
What [ proponents of P.R. ] get wrong , I think , is that the ultimate goal of a political system cannot be to accurately reflect the strength of each party in parliament , much less accurately reflect the strength of all the views of the citizens in parliament , which is essentially impossible anyway .
No , what matters more is whether the government is responsive to citizens .
More accurate representation is one of the goals of P.R. , but so is responsiveness .
And there are plenty of others .
A partial list : boosting the legitimacy of democratic government in the eyes of people whose candidates or parties lose as well as those whose candidates win ; increasing participation ; opening the policy debate to more points of view ; discouraging irresponsibility , special interest influence , and scorched - earth negative campaigning ; fostering civility , coöperation , and consensus ; and giving fair representation to all kinds of minorities , ideological and political as well as racial , ethnic , and gender , while still guaranteeing that the government represents a majority of voters .
Bernstein ’s second point :
[ O ] n electoral reform , my instincts are to be cautious unless there ’s a clear violation of democracy that needs to be remedied , such as the massive rural bias that the US remedied with one person , one vote in the 1960s .
I do n’t see anything close to that in using first - past - the - post instead of p.r .
That ’s not to say that I ’d be against reform , but I ’d recommend proceeding cautiously .
You do n’t want to be ( if I can slip in a baseball comparison here ) a Bud Selig , constantly changing the rules to react to the latest complaints .
Though one - person one - vote partially remedied rural bias , it necessarily left the U.S. Senate — the inviolable homeland of rural bias — untouched .
It must be said , though , that rural bias ( i.e. , gross malapportionment ) was one of many obvious problems ( like slavery , school segregation , “ sodomy ” laws , and gender discrimination ) that the elected branches of our government have been unable to solve and that have had to be dealt with via civil war or judicial fiat .
( The Supreme Court ’s one - person one - vote decision also rendered two - house state legislatures redundant .
Too bad the Court did n’t go a step further and just declare state senates unconstitutional .
They do nothing but gum up the works and create opportunities for corruption and inaction . )
On P.R. , we have been “ proceeding cautiously , ” here and in the U.K. , for rather too long .
The idea has been around for a century and a half .
It is thoroughly tested .
In the democracies that use it , it is embraced across the political and ideological spectrum .
By contrast , FPTP essentially disfranchises voters in “ safe ” districts — a large majority of the population even in Britain , where districting is left to a nonpartisan commission , and a gigantic majority , upwards of eighty per cent , in the gerrymandered United States .
Is that a “ clear violation of democracy ” ?
I ’d say so .
But even if you do n’t think it amounts to outright rape , it ’s certainly the political equivalent of abuse .
Still with me here ?
Eager for more , you masochist you ?
Well , in my book “ Politics ” you can find a nice long polemic on proportional representation ( pp. 495-507 ) .
Or you can read the piece for free , right now , on Google Books .
One of the thirteen pages is missing ( why does Google do that ? ) , but , mortifyingly , the missing page does n’t add much — it mainly says that a lot of the changes reformers advocate ( fairer redistricting , public campaign finance , free TV time for candidates , etc. ) would n’t do us anywhere near as much good as P.R .
The goal of this article is to help you understand what a neural network is , and how it is used .
Most people , even non-programmers , have heard of neural networks .
There are many science fiction overtones associated with them .
And like many things , sci - fi writers have created a vast , but somewhat inaccurate , public idea of what a neural network is .
Most laypeople think of neural networks as a sort of artificial brain .
Neural networks would be used to power robots or carry on intelligent conversations with human beings .
This notion is a closer definition of Artificial Intelligence ( AI ) , than neural networks .
AI seeks to create truly intelligent machines .
I am not going to waste several paragraphs explaining what true , human intelligence is , compared to the current state of computers .
Anyone who has spent any time with both human beings and computers knows the difference .
Current computers are not intelligent .
Neural networks are one small part of AI .
Neural networks , at least as they currently exist , carry out very small specific tasks .
Computer based neural networks are not a general - purpose computation device , like the human brain .
Perhaps some of the confusion comes from the fact that the brain itself is a network of neurons , or a neural network .
This brings up an important distinction .
The human brain really should be called a biological neural network ( BNN ) .
This article is not about biological neural networks .
This article is about artificial neural networks ( ANN ) .
Most texts do not bother to make the distinction between the two .
This article is the same .
When I refer to a neural network , I actually mean an artificial neural network .
There are some basic similarities between biological neural networks and artificial neural networks .
But they are very basic similarities .
Artificial neural networks are largely mathematical constructs that were inspired by biological neural networks .
An important term that is often used to describe various artificial neural network algorithms is biological plausibility .
This term defines how close an artificial neural network algorithm is to a biological neural network .
Like I said , neural networks are designed to accomplish one small task .
A full application will likely use neural networks to accomplish certain parts of the application .
The entire application will not be implemented as a neural network .
The application may be made of several neural networks , each designed for a specific task .
The task that neural networks accomplish very well is pattern recognition .
You communicate a pattern to a neural network and it communicates a pattern back to you .
At the highest level , this is all that a typical neural network does .
Some network architectures will vary this , but the vast majority of neural networks in place work this way .
Figure 1 illustrates a neural network at this level .
Figure 1 : A Typical Neural Network
As you can see , the neural network above is accepting a pattern and returning a pattern .
Neural networks operate completely synchronously .
A neural network will only output when presented with input .
It is not like a human brain , which does not operate exactly synchronously .
The human brain responds to input , but it will produce output anytime it feels like it !
Neural Network Structure
Neural networks are made of layers of similar neurons .
Most neural networks have at least an input layer and output layer .
The input pattern is presented to the input layer .
Then the output pattern is returned from the output layer .
What happens between the input and output layers is a black box .
At this point in the article , we are not yet concerned with the internal structure of the neural network .
There are many different architectures that define what happens between the input and output layer .
Later in this article , we will examine some of these architectures .
The input and output patterns are both arrays of floating point numbers .
You could think of it as follows .
1
2
Neural Network Input : [ - 0.245 , .283 , 0.0 ]
Neural Network Output : [ 0.782 , 0.543 ]
The neural network above has three neurons in the input layer , and two neurons in the output layer .
The number of neurons in the input and output layers do not change .
As a result , the number of elements in the input and output patterns , for a particular neural network , can never change .
To make use of the neural network you must express your problem in such a way as to have the input to the problem be an array of floating point numbers .
Likewise , the solution to the problem must be an array of floating point numbers .
This is really all that neural networks can do for you .
They take one array and transform it into a second .
Neural networks do not loop , call subroutines , or perform any of the other tasks you might think of with traditional programming .
Neural networks recognize patterns .
You might think of a neural network as something like a hash table in traditional programming .
In traditional programming , a hash table is use to map keys to values .
Somewhat like a dictionary .
The following could be thought up as a hash table .
1
2
3
4
" hear " -> " to perceive or apprehend by the ear "
" run " -> " to go faster than a walk "
" write " -> " to form ( as characters or symbols )
on a surface with an instrument ( as a pen ) "
This is a mapping between words and the definition of each word .
This is a hash table , just as you might see in any programming language .
It uses a key of string , to another value of a string .
You provide the dictionary with a key , it returns a value .
This is how most neural networks function .
One neural network called a BAM , or bidirectional associative memory actually allows you to also pass in the value and receive the key .
Programming hash tables use keys and values .
Think of the pattern sent to the input layer of the neural network as they key to the hash table .
Likewise , think of the value returned from the hash table as the pattern that is returned from the output layer of the neural network .
The comparison between a hash table and a neural network works well ; however , the neural network is much more than a hash table .
What would happen , with the above hash table , if you were to pass in a word that is not a key in the map ?
For example , if you were to pass in the key of ìwroteî .
A hash table would return null , or in some way indicate that it could not find the specified key .
Neural networks do not return null !
They find the closest match .
Not only do they find the closest math , they will modify the output to guess at what it would be for the missing value .
So if you passed ìwroteî to the neural network above , you would likely get back what you would have expected for ìwriteî .
There is not enough data for the neural network to have modified the response , as there are only three samples .
So you would likely get the output from one of the other keys .
The above mapping brings up one very important point about neural networks .
Recall , I said that neural networks accept an array of floating point numbers , and return another array ?
How would you put strings into the neural network , as seen above ?
There is a way to do this , but generally , it is much easier to deal with numeric data than strings .
However , we will cover how to pass strings to neural networks later in this article .
This is one of the most difficult aspects of neural network programming .
How do you translate your problem into a fixed - length array of floating point numbers ?
This is the aspect of neural network programming that is often the most difficult to ìget your head aroundî .
The best way to demonstrate this is with several examples .
A Simple Example
If you have read anything about neural networks you have no doubt seen examples with the XOR operator .
The XOR operator is essentially the ì Hello Worldî of neural network programming .
This article will describe scenarios much more complex than XOR .
The XOR operator is a great introduction .
We shall begin by looking at the XOR operator as though it were a hash table .
If you are not familiar with the XOR operator , it works similar to the AND and OR operators .
For an AND to be true , both sides must be true .
For an OR to be true , either side must be true .
For an XOR to be true , both of the sides must be different from each other .
The truth table for an XOR is as follows .
1
2
3
4
False XOR False = False
True XOR False = True
False XOR True = True
True XOR True = False
To continue the hash table example , the above truth table would be represented as follows .
1
2
3
4
[ 0.0 , 0.0 ] -> [ 0.0 ]
[ 1.0 , 0.0 ] -> [ 1.0 ]
[ 0.0 , 1.0 ] -> [ 1.0 ]
[ 1.0 , 1.0 ] -> [ 0.0 ]
These mapping show input , and the ideal expected output for the neural network .
Training : Supervised and Unsupervised
When you specify the ideal output you are using something called supervised training .
If you did not provide ideal outputs , you would be using unsupervised training .
Supervised training teaches the neural network to produce the ideal output .
Unsupervised training usually teaches the neural network to group the input data into a number of groups defined by the output neuron count .
Both supervised and unsupervised training is an iterative process .
For supervised training , each training iteration calculates how close the actual output is to the ideal output .
This closeness is expressed as an error percent .
Each iteration modifies the internal weight matrixes of the neural network to get the error rate to a low enough level .
Unsupervised training is also an iterative process .
Calculating the error is not quite as easy , however .
You have no expected output , so you cannot measure how far the unsupervised neural network is from your ideal output , you have no ideal output .
Often you will just iterate for a fixed number of iterations and then try to use the network .
If it needs more training , then that training is provided .
Another very important aspect to the above training data is that it can be taken in any order .
The result of 0 XOR 0 is going to be 0 , regardless of which case you just looked at .
This is not true of all neural networks .
For the XOR operator we would probably use a neural network type called a feedforward perceptron .
Order does not matter to a feedforward neural network .
Later in this chapter we will see a simple recurrent neural network .
Order becomes very important for a simple recurrent neural network .
You saw how training data was used for the simple XOR operator .
Now we will look at a slightly more complex scenario .
Miles per Gallon
Usually neural network problems involve dealing with a set of statistics .
You will try to use some of the statistics to predict the others .
Consider a car database .
It contains the following fields .
1
2
3
4
5
6
Car weight
Engine Displacement
Cylinder Count
Horse Power
Hybrid or Gasoline
Miles per Gallon
I am somewhat oversimplifying the data , but this is more to show how to format data .
Assuming you have collected some data for these fields , you should be able to construct a neural network that can predict one field value , based on the other field values .
For this example , we will try to predict miles - per - gallon .
Recall , from before , that we will need to define this problem in terms of an input array of floating points mapped to an output array of floating points .
However , there is one additional requirement .
The numeric range on each of these array elements should be between 0 and 1 or - 1 and 1 .
This is called normalization .
Taking real - world data and turning it into a form that the neural network can process .
First we see how we would normalize data from above .
First , consider the neural network format .
We have six total fields .
We want to use five of these to predict the sixth .
The neural network would have five input neurons and one output neuron .
Your network would look something like the following .
1
2
3
4
5
6
Input Neuron 1 : Car weight
Input Neuron 2 : Engine Displacement
Input Neuron 3 : Cylinder Count
Input Neuron 4 : Horse Power
Input Neuron 5 : Hybrid or Gasoline
Output Neuron 1 : Miles per Gallon
We also need to normalize the data .
To do this we must think of reasonable ranges for each of these values .
We will then transform input data into a number between 0 and 1 that represents an actual value ”s position within that range .
We will now look at an example .
We will establish reasonable ranges for these values as follows .
1
2
3
4
5
6
Car weight : 100-5000 lbs
Engine Displacement : 0.1 to 10 liters
Cylinder Count : 2-12
Horse Power : 1-1000
Hybrid or Gasoline : true or false
Miles per Gallon : 1-500
These ranges may be a little large , given today ’s cars .
However , this will allow minimal restructuring to the neural network in the future .
It is also good to not have too much data at the extreme ends of the range .
We will now look at an example .
How would we normalize a weight of 2,000 pounds ?
This weight is 1,900 into the range ( 2000 - 100 ) .
The size of the range is 4,900 pounds ( 5000 - 100 ) .
The percent of the range size is 0.38 ( 1,900 / 4,900 ) .
Therefore we would feed the value of 0.38 to the input neuron to represent this value .
This satisfies the range requirement of 0 to 1 for an input neuron .
The hybrid or regular value is a true / false .
To represent this value we will use a 1 for hybrid and a 0 for regular .
We simply normalize a true / false into two values .
Presenting Images to Neural Networks
Images are a popular source of input for neural networks .
In this section , we will see how to normalize an image .
There are more advanced methods than this , but this method is often effective .
Consider an image that might be 300x300 pixels .
Additionally , the image is full color .
We would have 90,000 pixels times the three RGB colors , giving 270,000 total pixels .
If we had an input neuron for each pixel , that would also be 270,000 input neurons .
This is just too large for an artificial neural network .
We need to downsample .
Consider the following image .
It is at full resolution .
We will now downsample it to 32x32 .
Do you notice the grid - like pattern ?
It has been reduced to 32x32 pixels .
These pixels would form the input to a neural network .
This neural network would require 1,024 input neurons , if the network were to only look at the intensity of each square .
Looking at the intensity only causes the neural network to see in ìblack and whiteî .
If you would like the neural network to see in color , then it is necessary to provide red , green and blue ( RGB ) values for each of these pixels .
This would mean three input neurons for each pixel , which would push our input neuron count to 3,072 .
These intensities are between 0 and 255 , as 0 to 255 is the normal range for RGB values .
Simply divide the intensity by 255 and you will be given a value the neural network can take .
For example , intensity number 10 becomes 10/255 , or 0.039 .
You may be wondering how the output neurons will be handled .
In a case such as this you would like the output neurons to communicate what image the neural network believes it is looking at .
The usual solution is to create one output neuron for each type of image the neural network should recognize .
The network will be trained to return a value of 1.0 for the output neuron that corresponds to what the image is believed to be .
We will continue showing you how to format neural networks for real - world problems in the next section .
The next section will take a look at financial neural networks .
Financial Neural Networks
Financial neural networks are very popular form of temporal neural network .
A temporal neural network is one that accepts input for values that range over time .
There are two common ways that temporal data is presented to a neural network .
The original method is to use an input window and a prediction window .
Consider if you would like the neural network to predict the stock market .
You have the following stock price information that represents the closing price for a stock over several days .
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
Day 1 : $ 45
Day 2 : $ 47
Day 3 : $ 48
Day 4 : $ 40
Day 5 : $ 41
Day 6 : $ 43
Day 7 : $ 45
Day 8 : $ 57
Day 9 : $ 50
Day 10 : $ 41
The first step is to normalize the data .
To do this we want to change each number into the percent movement from the previous day .
For example , day 2 would become 0.04 percent , because $ 45 to $ 47 was a 4 % move from $ 45 .
We do this with every day ’s value .
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
Day 2 : 0.04
Day 3 : 0.02
Day 4 : -0.16
Day 5 : 0.02
Day 6 : 0.04
Day 7 : 0.04
Day 8 : 0.04
Day 9 : -0.12
Day 10 : -0.18
We would like to create a neural network that will predict the next day ’s values .
We need to think about how to encode this data to be presented to the neural network .
The way we do this depends on if the neural network is recurrent or not .
Recall from earlier in the article that I said we would treat the neural network as a black box .
I said that there were hidden layers , between the input and output layers .
We will now see what these layers are for .
They become important now , because they will dictate the structure of the neural network .
The feedforward perceptron is a very popular neural network architecture .
This neural network has one or more hidden layers .
This is the type of neural network that we used for the XOR example earlier in this article .
To use this network to predict stock prices we must use ìtime windowsî .
We are going to use a window of three prices to predict the fourth .
So to predict tomorrow we look at the previous three days .
This means we will have an input layer with three neurons and an output layer with a single layer .
We will feed in three days and request a prediction for the fourth .
This neural network looks like Figure 2 .
Figure 2 : Feedforward Neural Network
A Feedforward Neural Network
In the above figure , you see the input and output layers .
There is also a hidden layer , with ten neurons .
Hidden layers help the neural network to recognize more patterns .
Choosing the size of the hidden layers can be difficult .
This is a topic that will be covered in future articles .
We will need to create training data for this neural network .
The training data is nothing more than three days of price change information followed by an ideal value of what the next day is .
You can see the training data here .
1
2
3
4
5
6
[ 0.04 , 0.02 , - 0.16 ] -> [ 0.02 ]
[ 0.02 , - 0.16 , 0.02 ] -> [ 0.04 ]
[ - 0.16 , 0.02 , 0.04 ] -> [ 0.04 ]
[ 0.02 , 0.04 , 0.04 ] -> [ 0.04 ]
[ 0.04 , 0.04 , 0.04 ] -> [ - 0.12 ]
[ 0.04 , 0.04 , - 0.12 ] -> [ - 0.18 ]
Just as was the case with the XOR data , the order of the training data is not important .
We are simply providing three days worth of price change for the neural network to use to predict the following day .
We will also look at how we would present this data to a simple recurrent neural network .
There are several different types of simple recurrent neural network .
The type we will use for this example is called an Elman neural network .
For the Elman neural network we will have a single input neuron and a single output neuron .
We will provide just a single day ’s worth of price information and expect the next day ’s price change back .
Figure 3 shows an Elman neural network .
Figure 3 : An Elman Neural Network
An Elman Neural Network
As you can see , the Elman neural network also has 10 hidden neurons .
Just as was the case with the feedforward network , the value 10 was chosen arbitrarily .
You will also notice a context layer .
This context layer is recurrent ; it is connected back into the neural network .
The context layer allows the neural network to remember some degree of state .
This will cause the output of the neural network to be dependent on more than just the last input .
Because there is a single input and output neuron , the training data is arranged differently .
The training data for the Elman neural network is as follows .
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
[ 0.04 ] -> [ 0.02 ]
[ 0.02 ] -> [ - 0.16 ]
[ - 0.16 ] ->[ 0.02 ]
[ 0.02 ] -> [ 0.04 ]
[ 0.04 ] -> [ 0.04 ]
[ 0.04 ] -> [ 0.04 ]
[ 0.04 ] -> [ - 0.12 ]
[ - 0.12 ] -> [ - 0.18 ]
As you can see from the above data the order is very important .
The neural network cannot predict tomorrow ’s price seeing only today ’s price .
Rather , because of the context layer , the last few days will influence the output .
This is very similar to the human brain .
To identify a song , you will need to hear several notes in a sequence .
Obviously , the order of the notes is very important .
Feeding Text to a Neural Network
Earlier I said that feeding text into a neural network is particularly challenging .
You have two major issues to contend with .
First , the individual words are of varying lengths .
Neural networks require a fixed input and output size .
Secondly , how to encode the letters can be an issue .
Should the letters “ A ” - “ Z ” be stored in a single neuron , or 26 neurons , or some other way all together ?
Using a recurrent neural network , such as a Elman neural network , solves part of this problem .
In the last section that we did not need an input window size with the Elman neural network .
We just took the stock prices one at a time .
This is a great way to process letters .
We will create an Elman neural network that has just enough input neurons to recognize the Latin letters and it will use a context layer to remember the ordering .
Just as stock prediction uses one long stream of price changes , text processing will use one long stream of letters .
The Bag of Words algorithm is a common means of encoding strings .
Each input represents the count of one particular word .
The entire input vector would contain one value for each unique word .
Consider the following strings .
1
2
3
4
Of Mice and Men
Three Blind Mice
Blind Man ’s Bluff
Mice and More Mice
We have the following unique words .
This is our “ dictionary . ”
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
Input 0 : and
Input 1 : blind
Input 2 : bluff
Input 3 : man’s
Input 4 : men
Input 5 : mice
Input 6 : more
Input 7 : of
Input 8 : three
The four lines above would be encoded as follows .
1
2
3
4
Of Mice and Men [ 0 4 5 7 ]
Three Blind Mice [ 1 5 8 ]
Blind Man ’s Bluff [ 1 2 3 ]
Mice and More Mice [ 0 5 6 ]
Of course we have to fill in the missing words with zero , so we end up with the following .
1
2
3
4
Of Mice and Men [ 1 , 0 , 0 , 0 , 1 , 1 , 0 , 1 , 0 ]
Three Blind Mice [ 0 , 1 , 0 , 0 , 0 , 1 , 0 , 0 , 1 ]
Blind Man’s Bluff [ 0 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 0 , 0 , 0 , 0 , 0 ]
Mice and More Mice [ 1 , 0 , 0 , 0 , 0 , 2 , 1 , 0 , 0 ]
Notice that we now have a consistent vector length of nine .
Nine is the total number of words in our “ dictionary ” .
Each component number in the vector is an index into our dictionary of available words .
At each vector component is stored a count of the number of words for that dictionary entry .
Each string will usually contain only a small subset of the dictionary .
As a result , most of the vector values will be zero .
As you can see , one of the most difficult aspects of machine learning pro- gramming is translating your problem into a fixed - length array of floating point numbers .
The following section shows how to translate several examples .
Conclusion
My goal in this article was to show you what a neural network is , and how you might adapt one to your application .
Not every application will benefit from a neural network .
In fact , most applications will not benefit from a neural network .
However , for the right application a neural network can be an ideal solution .
Now that you understand the fundamentals of a neural network , you are ready to take the next step and learn to program a neural network .
Other resources you might find useful :
We have previously published articles on unusual uses for peanut butter and beer which proved very popular – so today we are presenting another fun list of out - of - the - ordinary uses for a rather ordinary product : coke .
Coke was introduced by the Coca Cola company in 1886 – making it a rather true and tested favorite of generations of people in over 200 countries ( at least according to the company ) .
This list should give you some ideas on how to get more from your coke than usual .
10 Rust Buster
Coca Cola is an excellent rust buster .
If you have a bunch of small objects that need de-rusting , soak them in coke overnight and give them a good scrub in the morning .
The properties of coke help to break down the rust particles , making cleaning much easier .
You can also apply coke to a chrome finish which is rust spotted – pour some on a rough textured cloth and rub it in a circular motion .
Be sure to throw out the used coke when you are done with it or you might be taking a trip to the doctor .
9 Clean a Window
Like the previous item , the citric acid in Coke makes for an excellent window cleaner .
This is especially useful for car windows which can get tough buildups of gunk .
Pour over the can of coke and rub the window – then wipe it off with a damp cloth ( to ensure the removal of any sticky residue from the sugars in the drink ) .
Think of this like a cheap alternative to the many citrus fruit based cleaners that are sold on TV .
8 Eat It
Coke can be used for a variety of cooking techniques .
You can mix it half and half with BBQ sauce for an excellent marinade , and you can even casserole an entire chicken in it .
Here is a tasty recipe for chicken pieces cooked on the stove top with coke – try it , you will be pleasantly surprised .
The sugars give a deep glossy coating and caramelized flavor , while the citric acid ( found in lemons ) gives a nice tang .
Coke also makes a great glaze for baked ham .
7 De-Skunk
For those of you who live in areas where skunk smells can be an issue from time to time , one can of coke added to a bucket of water with detergent really helps to break the odor down .
If you have been sprayed , stand in the shower and cover yourself from head to toe with coke – wait for a few minutes , then rinse off .
The added bonus is that coke is an excellent hair treatment so you get two tips for the price of one with this item !
6 Pain Killer
The chemicals in coca cola can be very effective to help neutralize the pain of jellyfish stings .
The best thing about this is that while most people at the beach are unlikely to be carrying anti-sting lotions , they are likely to be carrying a bottle of coke .
Just pour the coke over the area in which you have been stung and feel the relief .
If you do n’t happen to have any coke , the other alternative treatment is to pee on the stung part of your body – or to have someone else pee on it for you .
5 De-blacken Pots
Pots can sometimes get a black film on the bottom which is almost impossible to remove ; this is caused by over - cooking or just natural discoloration due to highly acidic foods .
To remove the black and restore your pot to new , pour in a can of coke ( or as much as you need to cover the blackened area by an inch ) and put it on the stove on a low heat .
After an hour or so , wash the pot as normal .
4 Clean Clothes
Grease stains are famously difficult to remove from clothing and stain removers can be very expensive .
Here is a cheap solution : empty a can of coke into your wash along with the usual detergent and run it through a normal cycle .
This is also quite effective for removing blood and it helps to deodorize smelly clothes .
3 Kill Bugs
This item also appeared on the beer list – and it works just the same .
Pour some cola into a shallow dish and place it in the garden near the problem area .
Slugs , snails , and other bugs will go in for a drink and never come out again !
This is a very good first line of attack in your garden and it can obviously save you an enormous amount of money by reducing the need for pesticides .
You can pour the left over coke ( minus the bugs ) onto plants that like acidic soil like azaleas and gardenias .
2 Heal Yourself
Coca cola is useful for a variety of ailments .
The most common is for soothing upset stomachs .
Just slowly sip a glass of flat coke and it should help to alleviate nausea .
It is also good for people suffering from diarrhea or a sore throat .
I would say that it can also cure hiccups but , frankly , a glass of water should do the same thing , as the chemicals in coke do n’t offer any special “ anti-hiccup ” magic .
1 Make an Explosion
Most people who have been around on the Internet for at least a few years will be familiar with the diet - coke - Mentos volcano .
The idea is that you drop a Mentos into a bottle of coke and the chemical reaction causes the coke to spurt for miles ( not literally of course ) .
The video clip above shows a great example of this fun use for coke .
Why not buy a bunch of bottles this weekend and see if you can do better than the efforts shown above ?
Scientists may have reached a new level of understanding when it comes to the question of how heavy metallic elements originated , thanks to an isotope of tin .
By bombarding tin-132 with neutrons , researchers have been able to gather some details on how unstable nuclei incorporate new nucleons .
Aside from new knowledge about the behavior of unstable atoms , the experiment may also give some insight into how stars can create many of the heavy elements , including gold and platinum .
Tin -132 is a " double magic " isotope of tin , meaning it is significantly more stable than the next size up , tin-133 , thanks to its proton and neutron counts .
Tin -132 is pretty unstable , with a half - life of only 40 seconds , but giving it one more neutron ( tin -133 ) makes it significantly more unstable .
Magic nuclei hate it when new neutrons crash their party .
Because tin-132 is so short - lived , researchers have tapped it as good approximation for ions that take part in a process known as rapid neutron capture .
The rapid neutron capture process , or r-process , is thought to take place inside of supernovae or collisions of neutron stars , and it sounds like an alchemist 's dream — it lets heavy elements like iron turn into new ones like gold , and may account for the origin of many heavy elements .
The r-process works like this : huge amounts of neutrons fly around in a supernova and collect in nuclei , making them extremely unstable .
Eventually , the atom decays and converts a neutron into a proton , turning it into a new element .
The problem with the r-process theory is that scientists are fuzzy on the details of what neutron capturing might look like in an unstable atom , because capture and decay would both happen so fast .
To get a better picture , they 'd need to throw neutrons at an unstable atom that already does n't want any more neutrons .
If researchers could get the neutrons to stick , even briefly , they could see how an unstable atom deals with them .
To accomplish this , researchers bombarded a uranium - carbide target with protons to induce fission .
This resulted in deuterons , particles consisting of a proton and neutron , chipping off the target .
Researchers then collided these deuterons with a stream of negative tin-132 ions to get the tin-132 to connect with one of the deuterons .
Once they hit each other , a tin -132 ion would take the neutron from the deuteron and send the proton spinning away .
A detector then caught the protons and measured their quantum states , allowing researchers to infer the state the neutron occupied as it attached briefly to the tin ion .
Contrary to normal behavior , the tin ions did not always shuffle their new neutron into the lowest possible energy slot .
Instead , the ions regularly placed the neutron in one of three excited states within the nucleus , including one state that has never been experimentally observed before .
This indicates that the r-process , while not straightforward , may actually be fairly predictable .
The experiment seems pretty specialized , but researchers are hoping they can extrapolate tin-132's neutron collection behavior to other unstable nuclei , like the ones that may actually take part in the r-process inside of stars .
If unstable ions do place neutrons into excited slots without filling the lower energy slots below them first , knowing this would allow scientists to make better guesses about how exactly the r-process happens .
If the r-process checks out , researchers will have a pretty good guess as to the origin of several of the heavy elements .
Future experiments may include studying iron's rapid neutron capture behavior , as well as a small - scale r-process simulation .
Nature , 2010 .
DOI : 10.1038/nature09048 ( About DOIs ) .
It ’s time for the federal government to put BP under temporary receivership , which gives the government authority to take over BP ’s operations in the Gulf of Mexico until the gusher is stopped .
This is the only way the public can know what ’s going on , be confident enough resources are being put to stopping the gusher , ensure BP ’s strategy is correct , know the government has enough clout to force BP to use a different one if necessary , and be sure the President is ultimately in charge .
If the government can take over giant global insurer AIG and the auto giant General Motors and replace their CEOs , in order to keep them financially solvent , it should be able to put BP ’s north American operations into temporary receivership in order to stop one of the worst environmental disasters in U.S. history .
The Obama administration keeps saying BP is in charge because BP has the equipment and expertise necessary to do what ’s necessary .
But under temporary receivership , BP would continue to have the equipment and expertise .
The only difference : the firm would unambiguously be working in the public ’s interest .
As it is now , BP continues to be responsible primarily to its shareholders , not to the American public .
As a result , the public continues to worry that a private for - profit corporation is responsible for stopping a public tragedy .
Five reasons for taking such action :
1 . We are not getting the truth from BP .
BP has continuously and dramatically understated size of gusher .
In the last few days , BP chief Tony Hayward has tried to refute reports from scientists that vast amounts of oil from the spill are spreading underwater .
Hayward says BP ’s sampling shows “ no evidence ” oil is massing and spreading underwater across the Gulf .
Yet scientists from the University of South Florida , University of Georgia , University of Southern Mississippi and other institutions say they ’ve detected vast amounts of underwater oil , including an area roughly 50 miles from the spill site and as deep as 400 feet .
Government must be clearly in charge of getting all the facts , not waiting for what BP decides to disclose and when .
2 . We have no way to be sure BP is devoting enough resources to stopping the gusher .
BP is now saying it has no immediate way to stop up the well until August , when a new “ relief ” well will reach the gushing well bore , enabling its engineers to install cement plugs .
August ?
If government were in direct control of BP ’s north American assets , it would be able to devote whatever of those assets are necessary to stopping up the well right away .
3. BP ’s new strategy for stopping the gusher is highly risky .
It wants to sever the leaking pipe cleanly from atop the failed blowout preventer , and then install a new cap so the escaping oil can be pumped up to a ship on the surface .
But scientists say that could result in an even bigger volume of oil – as much as 20 percent more — gushing from the well .
At least under government receivership , public officials would be directly accountable for weighing the advantages and disadvantages of such a strategy .
As of now , company officials are doing the weighing .
Which brings us to the fourth argument for temporary receivership .
4 . Right now , the U.S. government has no authority to force BP to adopt a different strategy .
Saturday , Energy Secretary Steven Chu and his team of scientists essentially halted BP ’s attempt to cap the spewing well with a process known as “ top kill , ” which injected drilling mud and other materials to try to counter the upward pressure of the oil .
Apparently the Administration team was worried that the technique would worsen the leak .
But under what authority did the Administration act ?
It has none .
Asked Sunday whether U.S. officials told BP to stop the top - kill attempt , Carol Browner , the White House environmental advisor , said , “ We told them of our very , very grave concerns ” about the danger .
Expressing grave concerns is not enough .
The President needs legal authority to order BP to protect the United States .
5 . The President is not legally in charge .
As long as BP is not under the direct control of the government he has no direct line of authority , and responsibility is totally confused .
For example , listen for the “ we ” and “ they ” pronouns that were used by Carol Browner in response to a question on NBC ’s “ Meet the Press ” Sunday ( emphasis added ) :
“ We ’re now going to move into a situation where they ’re going to attempt to control the oil that ’s coming out , move it to a vessel , take it onshore ….
We always knew that the relief well was the permanent way to close this .…
Now we move to the third option , which is to contain it .
If [ the new cap on the relief well is ] a snug fit , then there could be very , very little oil .
If they ’re not able to get as snug a fit , then there could be more .
We ’re going to hope for the best and prepare for the worst . ”
When you get pronoun confusion like this , you can bet on confusion — both inside the Administration and among the public .
There is no good reason why “ they ” are in charge of an operation of which “ we ” are hoping for the best and preparing for the worst .
The President should temporarily take over BP ’s Gulf operations .
We have a national emergency on our hands .
No president would allow a nuclear reactor owned by a private for - profit company to melt down in the United States while remaining under the direct control of that company .
The meltdown in the Gulf is the environmental equivalent .
Add / view comments on this post .
------------------------------
The Christian Science Monitor has assembled a diverse group of the best economy - related bloggers out there .
Our guest bloggers are not employed or directed by the Monitor and the views expressed are the bloggers ' own , as is responsibility for the content of their blogs .
To contact us about a blogger , click here .
To add or view a comment on a guest blog , please go to the blogger 's own site by clicking on the link above .
July 22nd , 2009 Headsman
Today the French town of Beziers remembers the 800th anniversary of the first sack and massacre of the Albigensian Crusade .
Rome was alarmed by the advent in southern France of a mass religious movement , Catharism , with such scandalous doctrines as spirit - body dualism and not giving tons of money to Rome .
Naturally , God said to cut them to pieces .
Beziers was the first town invested by the invading crusader army , left to its fate as the Cathars mustered in Carcassone .
Interestingly , this particular city did not so much present that familiar spectacle of Christians killing Christians who thought differently — unless the thought in question was about handing over their neighbors to a throng of land - grabbing nobles .
Part of the Catholic faith did itself honor this day : those Biterrois who refused to abandon to the glories of martyrdom the Cathars in their midst , who are thought to have numbered merely a few hundred .
So when the walls fell , it was mostly orthodox Catholics killing orthodox Catholics .
Well , what ’s a crusading army with other cities to sack supposed to do ?
“ Kill them all ”
After the fortified city embarrassingly got itself captured within hours by camp followers , Caesar of Heisterbach recorded one of history ’s more quotably infamous instances of prayerful deliberation :
When they discovered , from the admissions of some of them , that there were Catholics mingled with the heretics they said to the abbot “ Sir , what shall we do , for we cannot distinguish between the faithful and the heretics . ”
The abbot , like the others , was afraid that many , in fear of death , would pretend to be Catholics , and after their departure , would return to their heresy , and is said to have replied “ Kill them all for the Lord knoweth them that are His ” ( 2 Tim. ii. 19 ) and so countless number in that town were slain .
Or , in glorious Latin :
Caedite eos .
Novit enim Dominus qui sunt eius .
And so they did .
And they killed everyone who fled into the church ; no cross or altar or crucifix could save them .
And these raving beggarly lads , they killed the clergy too , and the women and children .
I doubt if one person came out alive … such a slaughter has not been known or consented to , I think , since the time of the Saracens .
( William of Tudela , cited in Cathar Castles )
Ten to twenty thousand are thought to have been slain this day — in what proportions Catholic and heretic , only God can say .
On this day ..
Entry Filed under : 13th Century , Borderline " Executions " , Children , Disfavored Minorities , France , God , Heresy , History , Innocent Bystanders , Known But To God , Language , Martyrs , Mass Executions , No Formal Charge , Notable Jurisprudence , Power , Put to the Sword , Summary Executions , Women , Wrongful Executions
Tags : 1200s , 1209 , albigensian crusade , arnald - amaury , arnaud amalric , beziers , caesar of heisterbach , catharism , cathars , catholicism , crusades , july 22 , languedoc , siege , siege of beziers , william of tudela
ASCAP Claiming That Creative Commons Must Be Stopped ; Apparently They Don't Actually Believe In Artist Freedom
from the protectionism - all - the - way dept
Thank you for reading this Techdirt post .
With so many things competing for everyone ’s attention these days , we really appreciate you giving us your time .
We work hard every day to put quality content out there for our community .
Techdirt is one of the few remaining truly independent media outlets .
We do not have a giant corporation behind us , and we rely heavily on our community to support us , in an age when advertisers are increasingly uninterested in sponsoring small , independent sites — especially a site like ours that is unwilling to pull punches in its reporting and analysis .
While other websites have resorted to paywalls , registration requirements , and increasingly annoying / intrusive advertising , we have always kept Techdirt open and available to anyone .
But in order to continue doing so , we need your support .
We offer a variety of ways for our readers to support us , from direct donations to special subscriptions and cool merchandise — and every little bit helps .
Thank you .
– The Techdirt Team
About a year and a half ago , we reported on the news that ASCAP , who represents songwriters and publishers as a collection society , was holding strategy sessions on how to " counter " proponents of free culture , as if they were some sort of attack on ASCAP .
Since then , we 've actually noticed a growth in both the number of hilarious conspiracy - midned " attack blogs " from people tied to ASCAP , as well as an increase in the number of " anonymous " commenters on the site coming from IP addresses used by a few law firms that have connections to ASCAP .
Funny that .
Now it appears they 're stepping things up to stage two : they 've sent around fundraising emails that specifically ask for money to fight Creative Commons , EFF and Public Knowledge .
What 's amusing ( but really sad ) is that this proves that the rhetoric out of ASCAP about protecting " artists ' rights " is bunk .
Creative Commons does nothing whatsoever to undermine artists ' rights .
It merely offers them more options for how they choose to license their works .
It 's the sort of thing that ASCAP and the rest of the music industry should embrace .
In fact , when confronted , many of these organizations often make the point that they have no problem with Creative Commons , and they 're happy if artists choose to use CC licenses .
But ASCAP 's blatant attack on Creative Commons ( and EFF and PK ; both of whom focus on consumer rights , but not undermining artist 's rights at all ) shows their true colors .
They 're not about artists ' rights at all .
They 're about greater protectionism -- which is not ( at all ) the same thing .
Of course , all this makes me wonder why ASCAP members would support an organization that is , in fact , actively trying to diminish their options for licensing ?
ASCAP has a huge ulterior motive , of course .
If alternative business models and things like Creative Commons become more widely used , the reliance on ASCAP diminishes , and ASCAP does n't want that at all .
Below is the letter itself , which was posted by Mike Rugnetta : Really sad day for ASCAP that it would stoop so low as to claim that giving creators more options and more business model and distributions options is somehow bad .
Pretty much takes away all of its credibility .
Filed Under : creative commons , culture , free culture
Companies : ascap , creative commons , eff , public knowledge
All these years later and we never found out who used all the sugar .
And for that loose end that will never cease to drive me up the wall I am only rating four stars on an otherwise five star piece .
Last week , we indulged our curiosity by checking in with some of our favorite ’90s Nickelodeon stars .
Turns out we were n’t the only ones who were wondering what happened to Sam from Clarissa .
The response was huge .
So we ’ve decided to another round .
You see , if SNICK was our Saturday night standby as kids , it was ABC ’s TGIF lineup that we looked forward to on Fridays .
Obviously , you know where the Full House gang is now : Stephanie ’s an ex-meth addict , Joey is an Alanis Morissette song , Michelle is a pair of alien mini-moguls , Danny has a dirty mouth , and The Gibbler is married with two kids .
But if you ’re wondering what happened to Family Matters ‘ Waldo Geraldo Faldo , Rider Strong from Boy Meets World , and the entire cast of Hangin ’ with Mr. Cooper , we ’ve got the answers .
Family Matters , 1989 - 1997
No series is synonymous with TGIF like this long - running ’90s staple that was itself a Perfect Strangers spinoff .
When we were kids , most people simply called it “ the Urkel show . ”
So , of course , we ’re going to have to start by checking in with Steve Urkel himself .
Since hanging up his glasses , Jaleel White has been more Stefan Urquelle , if you know what we mean .
In 1999 , he starred in the short - lived UPN sitcom Grown Ups .
Since then , he ’s mostly been taking roles in smallish films and guesting on TV shows .
But you may remember him from a small part in 2006 ’s Dreamgirls .
Off the screen , White earned a BA from UCLA Film School in 2001 .
You can follow him on Twitter and watch his most recent project , 2009 ’s Road to the Altar , a web series about a black man marrying a younger Jewish woman , here .
So , what about Urkel ’s lady love , Laura Winslow ?
Kellie Shanygne Williams has been on and off TV since the series wrapped , popping up as a recurring character on Eve , The Parkers , and Moesha .
Like White , who was a close friend of Williams ’ on set , she attended UCLA , where she studied psychology .
Since then , she ’s done a great deal of charity work and gotten married to a lucky man named Hannibal Jackson .
Last year , she appeared in Steppin ’ : The Movie alongside her former TV dad , Reginald VelJohnson .
Carl Winslow is still a fixture , if not quite a star , on the big and small screen , where he has basically made a career out of playing a cop .
But it seems his true love is the theater , where he ’s done most of his post - Family Matters work .
VelJohnson ’s on - screen wife , JoMarie Payton , spent the first half of the ’00s as the voice of Suga Mama on The Proud Family .
She ’s also played recurring characters on Moesha and Will & Grace .
And did you know that in 1999 , she release the jazz album Southern Shadows ?
The Winslows ’ other notable offspring ( let ’s be honest , no one cares about the youngest two ) , Darius McCrary , has had a busy and diverse career .
These days , you can watch him as Malcolm Winters on The Young and the Restless .
If , however , you ’re more of a torture porn fan , you may have spotted McCrary in last year ’s Saw VI .
Like his TV mama , the erstwhile Eddie Winslow is a musician , and he ’s currently readying an album for an August 3rd release .
Listen to his music here .
You can also find him on Facebook and Twitter .
Of course , any update on the Family Matters crew would be remiss to exclude Eddie ’s daft buddy , Waldo Geraldo Faldo .
Shawn Harrison spent 2002 - 2007 playing the flamboyant , gay Peaches on the series Girlfriends .
And a few years ago , he voiced Timber Wolf on the Kids ’ WB show Legion of Superheroes .
The last we heard from Harrison , he was sitting down for an interview this April with his friend Judith , a proud 37 - year - old virgin .
It seems he ’s single and not ready to marry and was also a psychology major at UCLA .
Boy Meets World , 1993 - 2000
Over seven seasons , we watched Cory Matthews grow up , from junior - high nerd to , well , college nerd .
Perhaps that ’s why we feel such a connection to this cohort of young stars , who were always a few years ahead of us in the teenage rites of passage department .
So , where is Ben Savage , the titular boy , now ?
Fred ’s little brother has done a bit more acting , appearing in independent films and guesting on shows like Chuck .
Smart Savage also graduated from Stanford in 2004 , where he was a Poli Sci major and a member of the Sigma Chi fraternity .
But here ’s the part that might depress you :
He interned for Arlen Specter , when the Pennsylvania senator was still a Republican .
It does n’t necessarily mean he ’s right - leaning … so we ’re going to forget we knew that .
We ’d prefer to focus on the fact that he does charity work for the Elizabeth Glaser Pediatric AIDS Foundation .
In 2006 , there was a rumor that Savage had died in car accident .
For a while , it landed the actor at the top of IMDb ’s STARmeter .
We were glad to see Snopes debunk it .
Savage may have been the star of Boy Meets World , but how about the shaggy - haired heartthrobs that got tween girls addicted to the show ?
Rider Strong ( a name that got a lot of pun mileage on our playground ) played Cory ’s BFF , Shawn Hunter .
Another brain , Strong went to Columbia and graduated Magna Cum Laude in 2004 .
Two years later , he co-starred in the short - lived WB series Pepper Dennis .
What really endears us to Strong , though , is his current career as a writer , director , and producer of low - budget horror films — a career he collaborates on with his brother , Shiloh .
The pair made 2008 ’s Irish Twins together and is currently acting in a producing Darking Sky .
You can also find Rider on Twitter .
As for the show ’s other staple hottie ?
Cory ’s airhead older brother Eric Matthews is known to his family as Will Friedle .
In real life , Friedle went to Occidental College , a school his on - screen alter ego could never have hoped to attend .
Interestingly , for an actor known for his looks , Friedle is doing mostly voice gigs these days , for video games and cartoons including Batman : The Brave and the Bold , The Secret Saturdays , and Kim Possible .
According to Buzzfeed , this may be because he got fat .
( Hey , they said it , not us . )
As much as we may have adored Will and Rider , every geek girl ’s favorite Boy Meets World character was Topanga Lawrence .
Danielle Fishel has appeared in a few movies , most notably the two National Lampoon Presents Dorm Daze films .
But in the second half of the ’00s , she became most famous for losing weight on NutriSystem , something she advertised on Tyra Banks ’ talk show .
After that , she became Tyra ’s special correspondent .
Early this year , it was news that she regained some weight and is totally okay with it .
Seeing as she ’s all of 126 pounds , we ’re glad she ’s not beating herself up .
More importantly , Fishel is now hosting Style Network ’s The Dish .
Step By Step , 1991 - 1998
When Suzanne Somers ( as Carol Foster Lambert ) met Patrick Duffy ( as Frank Lambert ) and her studious , persnickety kids were forced to share rooms with his wild sports enthusiast offspring , the families united to form a modern - day Brady Bunch , minus the camaraderie .
These days , Dallas alum Duffy is spending the twilight of his career on The Bold and the Beautiful , while Somers went to Broadway to star in the autobiographical one - woman show The Blonde in the Thunderbird , written books on diet , hormone replacement therapy ( she ’s for it ) , and alternative methods of curing cancer based on a scare she had a few years ago .
Her website sells everything from artificial sweetener ( Somersweet ! ) to a device called the FaceMaster that looks like it could be used in elaborate torture rituals .
So , where can we find the Lambert kids these days ?
Although Brandon Call , who play oldest son J.T. , had a busy career as a child actor , Step By Step appears to have been his last TV role .
That may or may not have something to do with the fact that he was shot in traffic while taping the show ’s final session .
Unfortunately , ladies , he is not this guy .
Christine Lakin , who you ’ll remember as tomboy
Al , is still working — a lot .
If IMDb is to be believed , she ’ll be in no fewer than eight films this year .
One of them will be Beverly Hills Chihuahua 2 .
She also had the honor of starring alongside Paris Hilton in one of the worst - reviewed movies of all time , The Hottie and the Nottie — because apparently everyone looks awful next to Paris .
Lakin also managed to graduate from UCLA with a BA in Communications and found time to do some stage acting .
There ’s currently a Facebook campaign to get the actress , who is a big favorite of lad - mag underpants spreads , on Dancing with the Stars .
The real mystery is Josh Byrne , who played the youngest Lambert , Brendan .
He mysteriously vanished from Step by Step ‘s last season and has n’t appeared on IMDb since .
The most recent sign of him we can find is via a highly suspect 2006 message board post : “ Josh is into role playing games & loves anything to do with pirates .
He ’s 6 ’ 5 ” & weighs 305 lbs .
But he ’s very depressive , sceptical & pessimistic these days , does n’t like to talk about his Step By Step years .
In fact , he does n’t have any fond memories at all . ”
As for the Fosters , Staci Keanan ( Dana ) is yet another actress who went to UCLA , where she studied art history .
It seems she returned to the screen in the mid-’00s , when she began starring in … Christian films !
Like last year ’s pro-life morality tale , Sarah ’s Choice .
We do n’t think Dana Foster would have approved .
Keanan ’s TV sister , fashion plate Karen , also took some time off for college when the show ended .
Unfortunately , Angela Watson may have had trouble paying for it , as her parents tried to screw her out of nearly three million dollars .
The experience inspired her to start the organization Child Actors Supporting Themselves , which is now under the umbrella of Hugs America , a group that pairs celebrities with local charities .
Watson continues to be the larger organization ’s spokeswoman .
She ’s also appeared in some movies and theater productions .
Like the littlest Lambert , the smallest Foster , Mark ( Christopher Castile ) has fallen off the face of the earth since Step by Step ended .
The most recent update we could find was from 2002 , when he was in college and engaged .
Last but not least , what ever became of Cody Lambert , the family ’s stoner ( or just stupid ? ) cousin ?
Sasha Mitchell had to leave the show early , after he was arrested ( and later acquitted ) on domestic violence charges .
We remember being heartbroken .
He worked on and off on film and TV through the mid-’00s , including a recurring bartender role on ER .
He ’s divorced from the wife he was accused of beating and has four kids .
Sister , Sister , 1994 - 1999
This show was premised around the teenage reunion of twins separated at birth , portrayed by real - life identical twins Tia and Tamera Mowry .
Tia ’s career has had two major prongs :
She is apparently at the center of some major Bratz media blitz , providing the voice for cartoon versions of the dolls .
And from 2006 to 2009 , she co-starred on Girlfriends spinoff The Game .
In April , BET confirmed that it would pick up the canceled show and begin producing new episodes .
These days , she has several films in production , is married to actor Cory Hardrict , and has over 250,000 followers on Twitter .
Tamera has also had a full career since Sister , Sister ended .
In the mid-’00s , she was on the cast of medical drama Strong Medicine .
She also starred in 2009 ’s ABC Family comedy Roommates , which was canceled after a single season .
Tamera also maintains a popular Twitter account ( 135,000 followers ) , where she bills herself as , among other things , an inspirational speaker .
The sisters are working together again on the TV movie Double Wedding .
You may recall that the twins had TV parents , too : Jackée Harry was Tia ’s flamboyant mom , Lisa Landry .
After guesting on a handful of shows and appearing in a few movies , Harry landed the role of Vanessa on Everybody Hates Chris .
The show ended in 2009 .
Tim Reid , who played Tamera ’s dad , Ray Campbell , has also shown up here and there throughout the last decade .
He did have a recurring role on That ’ 70s Show , and it ’s unclear whether his small part as a New Orleans judge on David Simon ’s Treme will continue .
Hangin ’ with Mr. Cooper , 1992 - 1997
Does anyone actually remember this show ?
It must have been popular in its time , to last five seasons , but we have n’t heard anyone breathe a word about it in years .
It starred Mark Curry as the titular Mr. Cooper , a former pro basketball player who is now a substitute teacher and coach .
He lives in his best friends Robin ( Dawnn Lewis ) and Vanessa ’s ( Holly Robinson Peete ) den .
And , somehow , he did n’t seem particularly depressed about it .
Once the show ended , Curry did a few recurring roles on shows including Drew Carey and Jamie Foxx .
He appeared in some TV movies .
Here he is in the video for Bow Wow ’s “ Take Ya Home . ”
Since 2005 , his roles have been more sparse , but he ’s still a touring standup .
Check out some of his comedy here .
Holly Robinson
Peete has been much busier on the small screen , starring in one show after another : For Your Love ( 1998 - 2002 ) , One on One ( 2001 - 2002 ) , Like Family ( 2003 -2004 ) , Love , Inc. ( 2005 -2006 ) .
Since her last series wrapped , Peete has been working on small films and TV movies .
The wife of retired NFL quarterback Rodney Peete and the mother of four children , she has also become an author .
Back in 2005 , she co-wrote Get Your Own Damn Beer , I ’m Watching the Game : A Woman ’s Guide to Pro Football , and a few months ago , she and daughter Ryan Elizabeth published the children ’s book My Brother Charlie .
Recently , Peete , who has an autistic son , competed on Celebrity Apprentice to raise money for autism research .
She and her husband also run the foundation HollyRod , an autism and Parkinson ’s charity .
You can follow her on Twitter .
As for the rest of the cast : Dawnn Lewis , who only lasted one season on the show , has also been getting a lot of work .
She ’s done a ton of voice acting , in cartoons like Futurama and countless comic book adaptations , and has guested on TV shows including One Tree Hill and The Secret Life of the American Teenager .
She ’s also a musician .
Back in 2006 , she released the album Worth Waiting For. Curry ’s new roomie , Geneva ( Sandra Quarterman ) , spent some time on the TV show Strange World around the turn of the millennium but has n’t popped up on IMDb since 2006 .
Of course , we all know what happened to her Hangin ’ with Mr. Cooper daughter , Raven - Symoné : Like every other kid who landed on the Disney channel , she ’s now an international brand .
Marquise Wilson , who played the roommates ’ pesky neighbor , has n’t done much TV work in the past several years , but you may recognize him as the voice of Mario in Super Smash Bros .
Sabrina , the Teenage Witch , 1996 - 2003
We bawled over the end of Clarissa Explains It All but were relieved to hear that Melissa Joan Hart was poised to do high school all over again as Sabrina .
Since we already covered her in our Nickelodeon update , you can read up on how she ’s spent the post - Sabrina years here .
As for the supporting cast there were , of course , Sabrina ’s odd couple aunts , Hilda ( Caroline Rhea ) and Zelda ( Beth Broderick ) .
Rhea , a stand - up comedian , recently starred alongside the late Rue McClanahan on the short - lived Logo show Sordid Lives : The Series .
She ’s also the voice of the mother character on the cartoon Phineas and Ferb .
Broderick has had numerous small movie and TV roles since leaving Sabrina , and Losties will remember her stint as Kate ’s pathetic , diner - waitress mom .
She also hosted the first three seasons of The Biggest Loser before being replaced by soap opera actress Alison Sweeney .
She is a writer and stage actress , too .
As for Nick Bakay , you may have noticed the voice of Salem as Gus on The King of Queens and Karl on ‘ Til Death .
We were sure we ’d keep seeing Nate Richert , who played Sabrina ’s high - school boyfriend , Harvey , on TV .
Alas , he does n’t have any post -2006 IMDb credits .
Perhaps that is because he ’s now a bluegrass musician .
Listen to him revive Americana music here .
Sabrina ’s pal , Valerie ( Lindsay Sloane ) has had an extensive movie and TV career .
Did you catch her in Nancy Drew or on the quickly canceled series The Stones ?
Jenna Leigh Green ( Sabrina ’s nemesis , Libby Chessler ) has made guest appearances on a handful of shows .
Broadway fans will know her best as Wicked ‘s Nessarose ; she ’s currently reprising her role in a film version of the musical .
Honestly , Sabrina ’s college years were a strange blur to us .
But we know you ’d want us to check in with her one notable roommate , Soleil Moon Frye , better known in the ’80s as Punky Brewster .
It seems she spent a lot of time with the Family Matters mom as the voice of Zoey on The Proud Family and Tia Mowry as part of the Bratz empire .
In cooler news , she also did some great guest spots on Robot Chicken .
Perhaps the best thing she did , last year , was revive Punky .
IT was an unseasonably hot Saturday in April , and the three dozen terrariums on display in a booth at the Brooklyn Flea were sweating , the moisture turning into beads on their glass containers .
Katy Maslow and Michelle Inciarrano , who were selling the miniature gardens , answered questions from passers - by .
An antique magnifying glass sat nearby , for those who wanted a closer look .
Some of their creations have an irreverent sense of humor : small verdant worlds that feature scenes like muggings , complete with tiny shadowy scoundrels .
Others are simpler , more elegant arrangements of stones and mosses .
The two friends , who spend most of their weekends “ antiquing and junking , ” Ms. Maslow said , use repurposed vessels like old apothecary jars , cake stands and decanters to make the terrariums , which seemed at home among the vintage furniture and clothing and artisanal food at the market in Fort Greene .
Ms. Inciarrano , a 33 - year - old photography student , was the one with the green thumb , who suggested they fill their finds with plants and figurines , said Ms. Maslow , 31 : “ I had not thought of terrariums once in my whole life . ”
BP in bed with the perpetual war machine , benefiting far past its $ 2bn annual contract with the Pentagon .
The continuing catastrophic ‘ oil spill ’ in the Gulf of Mexico , rightfully , demonizes BP in the court of public opinion .
Today , Jeremy Scahill wrote at The Nation , that the oil giant continue to enjoy it contracts with the militant Pentagon :
Contrast the Congressional response to ACORN ’s federal contracts with its response to BP , which does billions of dollars in business with the federal government , specifically the Pentagon .
BP holds more than $ 2 billion in annual U.S. defense contracts and continues to be the premiere provider of fuel to the world ’s largest consumer of oil and gas : the Pentagon .
BP is responsible for the worst environmental crime in US history .
It is responsible for the deaths of 11 oil rig workers .
Attorney General Eric Holder said he is conducting both criminal and civil probes into BP ’s actions in the U.S. Gulf .
And yet , there is no real , bi-partisan Congressional march to de-fund BP .
The White House is reportedly considering the possibility of debarment of BP , but as of last week no formal inquiry had begun .
Last week ,
The Wall Street Journal reported , “ Cutting BP off from future government contracts , though , would be an unprecedented and highly complicated move , lawyers say .
BP supplies the military with nearly 12 % of its fuel needs , making it the Pentagon ’s largest fuel supplier , with Royal Dutch Shell coming in a close second , according to the Defense Logistics Agency .
‘ It is not hard to block a debarment if an argument exists that it would harm the government , especially on national security grounds , ’ said Robert Burton , a Washington lawyer who worked as the Bush administration ’s top procurement official . ”
Almost a year ago , BP — in a consortium with the state - owned China National Petroleum Corporation ( CNPC ) — secured the contract with the U.S. - puppeteered Baghdad government to exclusively drill in Rumaila , the largest oil field in Iraq .
The 20 - year contract was signed in November , Al Jazeera ( AJ ) reported :
Rumaila , with 17 billion barrels in estimated crude reserves , is the workhorse of Iraq ’s oil industry , producing almost half of its total output of 2.5 million barrels a day .
[ BP and CNPC ] expect to increase Rumaila ’s output to 2.85 million barrels a day .
Tony Hayward , BP ’s chief executive , said the company would invest $ 15 bn in the field .
“ It is a very significant undertaking , ” he said .
The contract stipulates that BP and CNPC must spend $ 300 m over the first 33 months and increase production by 10 per cent initially .
The Iraqi government agreed to pay $ 2 per barrel to the consortium , but the field is only operable with high collaboration with the U.S. military .
“ The Rumaila field is estimated to hold 3.3 trillion cubic feet of oil reserves , but also lies in Diyala province , which has seen some of Iraq ’s worst violence in recent years , ” AJ reported , last June .
Royal Dutch
Shell , the second - largest fuel supplier to The Pentagon , is in a consortium that won the Majnoon oil field , with an estimated 12.8 billion barrels .
It does n’t perform nearly as well as Rumailia — only 46,000 bpd , compared to the estimated million - plus at Rumaila , United Press International recently reported — requiring more time , drilling and expected dissent from the Iraqi people .
All of this as the Deepwater Horizon rig explosion could gush more than 100 k barrels — or 4 m gallons — per day ( bpd ) , Jacqui Goddard reported at the London Times , today :
The news — revealed by one of the members of President Obama ’s Flow Rate Technical Group , a panel that previously estimated that the flow was in the region of 12,000 to 25,000 barrels a day — counter to BP ’s claims that it is now capturing “ the majority ” of the oil and channeling it into a tanker .
Dr Ira Leifer , a researcher in the Marine Science Institute at the University of California who is a member of the technical group , said that the oil company ’s operation to cut the leaking pipe and cap it with a new containment device last week may have increased the surge of oil not by 20 per cent , as BP and the White House had warned may happen , but several times over .
“ How much larger I do n’t know , but let ’s just quote BP , ” he said , referring to the 100,000 barrel rate that BP executives indicated weeks ago would be their “ worst case scenario .
“ In the data I ’ve seen , there ’s nothing inconsistent with BP ’s worst case scenario , ” he added in comments to McClatchy newspapers , stating that the previous 12,000 to 25,000 barrels a day estimate had simply been the “ lower bound ” estimate .
BP claims to be capturing 15,000 bpd — Dan Froomkin reported at The Huffington Post , yesterday — and anyone watching the live streaming can tell a large percentage is still exploding into the Gulf :
But judging from the new video , it seems clear that the daily flow is probably more in the neighborhood of 50,000 to 100,000 barrels — or 2 million to 4 million gallons .
That ’s about one Exxon Valdez every two and a half to five days .
And we ’re on day 50 .
It ’s about time to cease calling it the “ BP Gulf oil spill “ .
When someone opens a pop can that was shaken up beforehand , the overflowing contents of the can are not intentional , but we call that an explosion .
The rig exploded and the oil is gushing at full force , not spilling .
Even if “ spill ” was appropriate in the beginning , the extent of this catastrophe past the ‘ Oops ! ’ phase when resistance began against blowing up Deepwater Horizon .
Now the concept is n’t even a part of the narrative .
It ’s completely rational to conclude that it was n’t blown up — and there ’s no sight of that in the near future — because BP wants to preserve the site for future drilling .
ADVERTISEMENT
Republican - leaning independents hold the key , and DeMint is facing an as - yet little known Democratic challenger , but one with strong credentials .
Many South Carolinians are embarrassed by the state ’s national image that flows from Republican hi-jinks .
They range from Gov. Mark Sanford ’s Argentine “ soul mate ” on the Appalachian Trail to Rep . ’s “ You lie ” — and those are only the highlights .
This disenchantment , especially among independent voters , is combined with the highest state unemployment rate in the southeast .
After wealthy Rock Hill attorney and political novice Chad McGowan failed to gain traction after filing for the Democratic nomination last October and dropped out in February , a more experienced challenger , still little known , is beginning to dig in .
Vic Rawl , six years older than DeMint at 64 , served eight years in the legislature and another twelve as a state circuit court judge before stepping down to a law practice that focuses on mediation and arbitration .
He is heading to Washington Thursday in response to an invitation from the Senate Democratic Campaign Committee .
One element in Rawl ’s favor will be reminding especially older voters of the 38 years when South Carolina was simultaneously represented in the Senate by Republican Strom Thurmond and Democrat Fritz Hollings .
No matter who was in the White House , South Carolina ’s interests were taken care of .
Despite its national image as among the reddest of the red states , in fact the state has turned more purple in recent years .
In the 2008 first - in - the - South presidential primaries , roughly 100,000 more Democrats than Republicans voted .
Also that year , 44 of the state ’s 46 counties voted more Democratic in the general election than four years earlier .
And although Obama did not campaign in the state after the primary and withdrew his full campaign staff to work elsewhere in the general election , he received 45 percent of the vote , four percentage points of ’s in 2004 .
A key factor in November will be African American voter turnout , which hit a record high in 2008 .
At 30.3 percent of the total registered voters and traditionally more than 95 percent Democratic , if their turnout equals that of whites , it means DeMint would need 70 percent of the white vote to win .
A poll conducted May 22 - 23 by Public Policy Polling showed DeMint leading Rawl , 49 - 30 , but with only 23 percent of nonwhites in the sample and only 15 percent name recognition for Rawl .
Support for DeMint is far stronger among males ( 45 percent of the electorate ) than among females .
Females expressed a 51 percent approval of Obama , compared with 35 percent among males .
In a response to DeMint 's extensive campaigning for Tea Party candidates around the country , 39 percent of all voters said DeMint focused “ not enough ” on South Carolina .
Of those polled 52 percent identified as either liberal ( 12 percent ) or moderate ( 40 percent ) .
Among 2008voters , 67 percent expressed approval of DeMint , 14 percent expressed disapproval , and 19 percent were “ not sure . ”
Among Obama voters , it was 13 percent approval , 64 percent disapproval , and 23 percent not sure .
Jim DeMint remains the man to beat , but Vic Rawl gives every indication of being a stealth contender in November .
The full extent of the atrocities committed by Israel on board the Gaza Freedom Flotilla are beginning to emerge as the survivors return home with their powerful eyewitness accounts .
Now would be the time , you might think , for some humility or even an apology from the Zionist regime , but not content with the hole it is already in , Israel keeps on digging .
And the latest piece of propaganda coming out of Tel Aviv is probably more revealing than anything else that has happened in the last week .
I am talking about an audio tape which purports to relay a conversation between the Israeli naval vessels and the Turkish - owned ship Mavi Marmara .
It allegedly occurred prior to the brutal Israeli assault in which nine people were martyred and scores more injured during the early hours of May 31 in international waters in the eastern Mediterranean .
Here is the audio clip , which the Israelis titled “ Radio Transmission from Mavi Marmara to Israeli Navy ” .
ISRAELI SHIP : “ This is the Israeli Navy , you are approaching an area which is under a naval blockade .
” MAN’S VOICE 1 : “ Shut up , go back to Auschwitz .
” WOMAN ’S VOICE : “ We have permission from the Gaza Port Authority to enter . ” MAN’S VOICE 2 : “ We ’re helping Arabs go against the U.S. , do n’t forget 9/11 guy .
” If you want to listen for yourself , here is the link : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pxY7Q7CvQPQ.I immediately recognized the voice of the woman , it is that of Huwaida Arraf , a heroic Palestinian who co-founded the International Solidarity Movement ( ISM ) and is chair of the Free Gaza Movement .
We sailed together on the first Free Gaza Movement boat into Gaza in 2008 and her voice is very distinctive .
So yes , I can confirm that is Huwaida ’s voice , but I can also confirm that Huwaida was on board Challenger 1 , a much smaller passenger ship in the six - boat flotilla .
She was NOT on board the Mavi Marmara .
And so , there you have it -- a botched tape on a bungled operation which reveals Israel ’s desperation to try to redeem itself by any means possible .
But let ’s examine the transcript more closely .
What it also exposes is just how far Israel is prepared to go in its bid to deceive the world and justify its actions … even if it is at the cost of the memory of those blameless Jewish souls who perished in the Holocaust .
By invoking the Holocaust -- a favorite trick of the Zionist regime -- we were all expected to recoil in horror and disgust and accept blindly the evidence put before us by these masters of mass deception .
To even question would have exposed us to accusations of being anti-Semitic .
It is a trump card often played by Israel as it conveniently flips from tyrant to victim in the blink of an eye .
The fact that they have been exposed , hoisted by their own stinking petard , also reveals the extent to which Israel is losing its reputation as a leader in the field of intelligence .
This careless slip up is one in a long line of blunders committed by Israeli intelligence over the past year .
The Zionist regime used to be a world leader in the black art of propaganda , psychological warfare , and political deception , but now it has all the panache of a one - legged man in an ass - kicking competition .
I notice that they also attempted to invoke the memories of 9/11 -- a trick employed so ruthlessly by former U.S. president George W. Bush whenever he needed to get the support of the American people .
Not content with insulting the memory of the Holocaust victims , Tel Aviv has shown it is prepared to exploit the deaths of those who perished in 9/11 .
Clearly nothing or no one is sacred .
Today Israel stands exposed for what it is -- a failed Zionist project , a rogue state which sets itself above the law , and one which is now living on borrowed time .
It is headed on a course of self - destruction -- at this rate it will wipe itself out .
Journalist Yvonne Ridley is also the European president of the International Muslim Women ’s Union and a committed peace activist who was on board the first boat to successfully break the siege of Gaza in 2008 .
She is also a member of the Free Gaza Movement , Viva Palestina , and the Respect Party .
T- Mobile USA has launched an IPv6 web site -- http://ipv6.t-mobile.com/.
Only the front page ( including images and CSS ) is reachable over IP v6 ; most of the links are broken or redirect to the IP v4 - only site .
Clearly , it 's still a work - in - progress .
This appears to be a futher development in their IP v6 strategy announced at Google 's IPv6 Implementors Conference few weeks ago .
( Btw , the conference was quite good ; hats off to Erik , Lorenzo , and the rest of the Google team . )
T- Mobile USA makes heavy use of NAT44 and bogon addresses .
Going forward , this is n't sustainable .
So they 've decided that future cellular deployments will be IPv6 - only , with NAT64 to access the " legacy " IP v4 Internet ( slides | video ) .
Yes , NAT is bad , but this approach is the least - bad of the alternatives .
There 's still only one layer of NAT , it gets IP v6 on a large number of end nodes , and IPv6 - enabled content ( Google , Netflix , Facebook , etc ) is n't NAT 'ed at all .
Over time , less traffic should flow through the NAT64 boxes as more content is IPv6 - enabled .
T - Mobile USA suspects they can run 50 % of their cellular data traffic over IPv6 by the end of 2011 ( apparently they send a lot of traffic to Google and Facebook ) .
On a personal note , it was very entertaining to hear Cameron Byrne from T - Mobile USA repeatedly tell content providers , " Our users are going to access your content over IPv6 .
The only relevant question is ' will we make the AAAA record or will you ? '
Would n't you rather be the one to do it so you have control ? "
After the fourth or fifth time it sunk in :
These folks are serious .
This is an even gutsier move than Verizon .
VZ is dual - stacking their LTE network and mandating IP v6 support on all devices .
Let 's hope T - Mobile is really good at running large - scale NATs .
Iris Robinson , the homophobic Northern Ireland MP , has admitted she tried to die by suicide after having an affair .
Robinson , a Democratic Unionist Party MP , announced she was standing down from politics on December 28th due to mental health problems .
In a statement released today , she admitted having an affair with a friend who she had helped after he was bereaved .
Describing it as the “ worst thing I have ever done ” , she said she was “ completely ashamed and deeply embarrassed ” .
Her husband Peter , who is the first minister for Northern Ireland , asked journalists today for privacy while the couple attempt to save their marriage .
The 60 - year - old , a fundamentalist Christian , was labelled a bigot for a series of outbursts last year in which she made offensive comments about homosexuality .
In 2008 , she told the Belfast Telegraph that homosexuality was “ comparable ” to paedophilia .
She also told a radio show that homosexuality was a mental illness and could be “ cured ” .
She escaped a police prosecution for the comments .
In today ’s statement , Robinson wrote : “ I would pay any price on earth to take back the wrong I have done and the hurt I have caused to those around me .
I love my husband more than I can ever say .
I know this more now than ever before . ”
She then detailed an attempted suicide , saying her mental illness may have been in a factor in the affair , but added : “ I do not want to dilute the blame or resist taking full responsibility for my actions . ”
Robinson said she believes God has forgiven her for her actions .
She said : I let down thousands of people who placed their faith in me and though my medical condition was a factor , I was not , at this time , true to the values , I professed .
I grieve that I have damaged my profession in Christ , but I am comforted that He was able to forgive even me . ”
Her statement in full :
“ After Christmas , I announced that I did not intend to seek re-election for any public office .
I did this to allow the party and my colleagues to make preparations and move forward .
“ However , I also indicated that I would want later to explain what lay behind my decision .
I have had physical health problems for most of my life but very few were aware that over recent years those medical problems were physical and mental .
“ Thousands of people suffer from mental illnesses of varying levels of gravity .
In public life , we are the last to seek out help .
I am deeply appreciative of the many hundreds of messages of understanding and comfort that I have received over the last week – many from those who , like me , have faced similar challenges in life .
“ I know there will be media interest in these issues so while I need space to recover , I want to explain further .
For me , my illness led to severe bouts of depression which altered my mood and personality .
“ I fought with those I love most – my children and friends ; saw plots were none existed and conducted myself in a manner which was self - destructive and out of character .
“ During this period of serious mental illness , I lost control of my life and did the worst thing that I have ever done .
Over a year and a half ago , I was involved in a relationship .
It began completely innocently when I gave support to someone following a family death .
“ I encouraged friends to assist him by providing financial support for a business venture .
Regrettably , the relationship later developed into a brief affair .
It had no emotional or last meaning but my actions have devastated my life and the lives of those around me .
“ Everyone is paying a heavy price for my actions .
Psychiatrists may suggest that my mental illness was a significant factor explaining my irrational behaviour .
I do not , in any way , question or doubt their judgement , but in order to master my life , I do not want to dilute the blame or resist taking full responsibility for my actions .
I am completely ashamed and deeply embarrassed .
“ I am aware that I did not only hurt Peter , I hurt my family and friends .
I let down thousands of people who placed their faith in me and though my medical condition was a factor , I was not , at this time , true to the values , I professed .
I grieve that I have damaged my profession in Christ , but I am comforted that He was able to forgive even me .
“ I would pay any price on earth to take back the wrong I have done and the hurt I have caused to those around me .
I love my husband more than I can ever say .
I know this more now than ever before .
“ So great was my guilt and regret that I tried to take my own life ten months ago .
I have received the best of care and support both from family members and from health professionals .
While , as might be expected , I am struggling at present with my illness and receiving treatment I am determined to regain my health and strength , and work to repair the damage I have caused to my marriage and family .
“ I do not deserve a second chance but I have been given one .
Nothing is more important to me .
“ I sincerely apologise to all those I have hurt and let down .
I have inflicted deep pain on my husband Peter , my family , friends , staff and all those who have supported me .
I am so , so , sorry . ”
The Democrats and Republicans have enthusiastically joined hands to create a global police / national security state - within - a - state of unimaginable reach and power .
Frequent contributor Michael Goodfellow sent me this investigative report , which I consider one of the most important of the decade : Top Secret America : A hidden world , growing beyond control ( Washington Post ) .
Let 's go back briefly to September 1 , 2001 , before the 9/11 attack .
The national security " assets " of the nation had all the information needed to stop the attack .
The various agencies did not stop the attack because there was essentially zero coordination and data - sharing between the CIA , NSA and FBI .
This was laid out in the PBS program The Spy Factory .
Now the national security " assets " have metastasized into a gargantuan national security state - within - a - state -- and the exact same problem not only exists , it has become even more intracable .
Now that the national security state ( NSS ) has become much larger and even more unwieldy , coordination , collaboration and data - sharing have been rendered essentially impossible .
This report makes that absolutely clear .
Rather than fix the problem of coordinating our national security assets , the Federal government and its leaders have amplified the problem .
At the same time , they have created a monster which is beyond the control of elected officials or the citizenry , a secretive state - within - a - state which protects itself behind the inpenetrable shield of " national security " and " need to know . "
The national security state is the ultimate protected fiefdom .
Cutting one dollar of funding would be instantly characterized as " weakening our fight against global terrorism , " as would any limits on the NSS 's powers .
This is in effect a new arm of the " military - industrial complex " which dwarfs the power of the traditional military - industrial complex : " defense " contractors and the revolving door between the DoD ( Department of Defense ) and these Pentagon - dependent industrial corporations .
GWOT is the perfect defense for a state - within - a - state that is insatiable and beyond accountability .
Even simple inquiries are quickly dismissed as " dangerous " -- as if global terrorists would glean some useful information from knowing just how many hundreds of billions of dollars are being spent tracking them .
What 's essential to our " fight " ?
It 's a secret , so do n't ask -- just give us the money and do n't try to limit our reach : we 'll accuse you of being unpatriotic and " supporting the terrorists . "
Just as " healthcare reform " was n't about healthcare at all -- it was all about securing an ever - larger share of the national income for the cartels which control sickcare in the U.S. -- the global war on terror is n't about countering terrorism at all .
It 's about establishing overlapping bureaucratic fiefdoms with unlimited budgets and unlimited powers to mask their actions and their failures .
Despite spending hundreds of billions on " fighting terrorism , " the last attempted terrorist attack in the U.S. was not foiled by this vast global machinery but by the alert passenger sitting next to the bomber .
What we have is a Keystones Cops tragi-comedy in which incompetence is rewarded with unlimited budgets and zero oversight and accountability .
Since we could n't integrate the reams of data we were collecting in 2001 , then we expand that data stream a hundred - fold while hardening the bureaucratic silos around each feudal territory .
There is another pernicious feature of the global war on terror which benefits an ever - expanding national security state : we have to wire the entire world to root out terrorists .
Terrorists can be anywhere , so we have to track every account , every message , every phone call , every email , and then mine it for meaning .
The scope and scale of this enterprise truly beggars imagination , but the U.S. national security state has long practice in global reach .
To keep track of Soviet " boomers " ( submarines armed with strategic nuclear missiles ) , the U.S. effectively wired the entire world 's oceans for sound .
For more on this , please watch Submarines , Secrets and Spies .
There is something appealingly grandiose about such technical ambition -- but there is something qualitatively different about this new expansion of the national security state : tracking Soviet submarines did not impinge on the rights of U.S. citizens , or indeed , the rights of citizens of other nations .
Tracking every phone conversation and email in the world is not like tracking subs .
Publicly , the national security state agencies complain about being hamstrung by domestic civil liberties , and they express caution about tracking potential terror suspects in the U.S.
I suppose we should be thankful for small favors , but a case can be made that domestic civil liberties have been degraded in the rush to track terrorists anywhere , anytime .
Outside the U.S. , of course , there are no restraints , no audits , and no accountability .
The Empire can strike back at its own discretion .
If we reckon there are perhaps 8,000 real terrorists in the entire world , then the U.S. now fields 100 Federal employees for each terrorist .
There are some 850,000 Americans with top secret clearance , which gives us a small taste of the size of the state - within - a - state .
It would be comical if it was n't so insane : we have 850,000 people chasing 8,000 people , and the 850,000 people are generating so much data that we can't possibly make any sense of it , much less integrate it into anything remotely useful .
In the report Top Secret America : A hidden world , growing beyond control , one top bureaucrat said that just getting all his email on one computer was a major victory .
This is a project doomed to fail ; it cannot stop terrorism because it can't even integrate its information into useful knowledge .
The attempts being made to force integration of the fiefdoms are also comically wrongheaded ; all they do is add yet another layer of bureaucracy on top of incompetent , protected fiefdoms whose only goal is expansion and protection from inquiry and audit .
The Department of Homeland Security now boats a payroll of hundreds of thousands ; are we safer as a result ?
We are told " yes , but do n't ask how ; it 's a secret . "
This could be a story by Kakfa , except it is global .
An impregnable state - within - a - state with an untouchable task - -" protect us from terrorism " -- and an unlimited scope -- go and do whatever it takes -- is effectively beyond the control of the elected state .
Do n't ask , because you do n't need to know .
The book listing secret DoD ( Department of Defense ) projects is hundreds of pages long ; you do n't need to know what they 're doing , because they 're fighting global terrorism .
Now go away , we 're handling it .
The state of fear and paranoia which feeds a heavy - handed government has poisoned our entire culture and society .
Two of my favorite bloggers , Chris Sullins and Tommy K. ( by happenstance , both U.S. Army veterans ) , recently described how this plays out in our everyday life .
Tommy is an accomplished dumpster - diver , and thus he recognized the import of what 's happening in New York City : apparently a man ( and his mother ) were fined $ 4000 and had their car impounded by the city as a result of picking up an air conditioning unit off the street that was destined for the dump .
The city 's reasoning is that the city collects $ 300,000 a year from the sale of recycled refuse .
$ 300 K in a city budget in the mega - billions ?
Who 's kidding who ?
Once again we find ourselves in a Kafka story , only it 's real .
Chris Sullins found that the simple act of selling used DVDs now requires fingerprinting and registration .
Meanwhile , the FBI and local law enforcement have the resources and leisure to raid small farms and private food clubs seeking out miscreants who make cheese from raw milk .
Thank goodness the GWOT is going so well that we can run those dangerous raw - milk users to ground .
If no matter who we elect , nothing really changes , how is this " democracy " any different from a feudal state ?
If you have to get fingerprinted to sell a used DVD , how is this different from a police state ?
If any nonviolent domestic protest or resistance can be labeled " domestic terrorism " and the uncompliant citizens essentially stripped of their civil rights by judicial legerdemain , then how is this different from a police state ?
If a gargantuan national security state exists , untouchable , unaccountable , ever - expanding and inherently incompetent , within our supposedly accountable Central State , then how is the U.S. any different from a global Empire which operates without any domestic control or limits ?
If you would like to post a comment where others can read it , please go to DailyJava.net , ( registering only takes a moment ) , select Of Two Minds - Charles Smith , and then go to The daily topic .
To see other readers recent comments , go to New Posts .
Order Survival+ : Structuring Prosperity for Yourself and the Nation and / or Survival +
The Primer from your local bookseller or from amazon.com or in ebook and Kindle formats .
A 20 % discount is available from the publisher .
Of Two Minds is now available via Kindle : Of Two Minds blog - Kindle
" This guy is THE leading visionary on reality .
He routinely discusses things which no one else has talked about , yet , turn out to be quite relevant months later . "
-- Walt Howard , commenting about CHS on another blog .
Thank you , Patrick J. ( $ 10 ) , for your much - appreciated generous donation to the site -- I am greatly honored by your ongoing support and readership .
Thank you , Eugenio M. ( $ 20 ) , for your unstinting generousity , year after year , to the site -- I am greatly honored by your support and readership .
Your readership is greatly appreciated with or without a donation .
For more on this subject and a wide array of other topics , please visit my weblog .
This morning [ Imelda Marcos ] offered the latest in a series of explanations of the billions of dollars that she and her husband , who died in 1989 , are believed to have stolen during his presidency .
" It so coincided that Marcos had money , " she said .
" After the Bretton Woods agreement he started buying gold from Fort Knox .
Three thousand tons , then 4,000 tons .
I have documents for these : 7,000 tons .
Marcos was so smart .
He had it all .
It 's funny ; America did n't understand him . " — The New York Times , Monday , 4 March , 1996
" There is a remarkably close parallel between the problems of the physicist and those of the cryptographer .
The system on which a message is enciphered corresponds to the laws of the universe , the intercepted messages to the evidence available , the keys for a day or a message to important constants which have to be determined .
The correspondence is very close , but the subject matter of cryptography is very easily dealt with by discrete machinery , physics not so easily . "
— Alan Turing
Quotations
MAIDAN SHAHR , Afghanistan —
With his grey silk turban and bushy black beard , Ghulam Mohammad looks just like the Taliban commander that he was for many years .
To many critics what is less convincing is his current title : head of the Afghan Public Protection Program , known as “ AP3 , ” a joint Afghan - American effort to bring security to his home province of Wardak .
Ghulam Mohammad himself seems a bit conflicted about his new role .
When questioned about his former allegiance to the Taliban and how that squares with his work on behalf of an American - backed program , Ghulam Mohammad just smiled and shrugged .
“ That ’s my business , ” he said .
With his Taliban past and his U.S. - affiliated present , Ghulam Mohammad seems to embody classically Afghan shades of gray — a mixture of both hope and peril — that make up a controversial component of the U.S. counterinsurgency strategy in Afghanistan .
It is a policy that seeks to bring former Taliban leaders into the fold by funding forces under their control , but the policy also raises the specter that the U.S. may in fact simply be funding , training and arming the very insurgency that it seeks to defeat .
Such initiatives , said Nic Lee , director of the Afghanistan NGO Safety Office should come with some major caveats .
Rather than “ peel off , ” as he put it , the Taliban from the main fighting force , he believes the organization risks bringing the Taliban into the mainstream , and eventually into the government .
It is a famous axiom of military strategy that " war is the continuation of politics by other means . "
This GlobalPost special report looks at how economic aid in Afghanistan has become " war by other means . "
It reveals how the " civilian surge " is struggling to succeed and in some places actually creating instability and inadvertently benefiting the Taliban .
Part 1 : Aid as a weapon
Part 2 : Arming the militias
Part 4 : The law of unintended consequences
“ It would seem to present a convenient mechanism for discretely turning the opposition into the Government , ” he writes in the first safety office quarterly report for 2010 .
“ This may indeed create local stability in the short term but may seed geographically based factionalism in the long term . ”
During an interview in his bare - bones office in Maidan Shahr , the capital of Wardak , Ghulam Mohammad explained how he reluctantly came to be involved with the public protection program .
“ I had no interest in AP3 .
The governor and the head of security begged me to cooperate .
So I came .
It is my obligation to make Wardak secure , ” he said .
He denied that he or his men harbored any covert affiliation with the active Taliban insurgency , but he did not reject his past allegiance to the movement .
One of the reasons the government may have been so eager to secure Ghulam Mohammad ’s goodwill was the distinct lack of recruits from his home district , Jalrez .
In fact , before Ghulam Mohammad joined AP3 , the majority ethnic group in Wardak , the Pashtuns , were sadly under - represented .
But the commander and tribal elder brought his men with him : out of about 1,200 current AP3 “ guardians ” close to half — 560 — are from Jalrez .
Hundreds of armed men loyal to one commander suggests an old - style militia , a label Ghulam Mohammad strenuously resists .
“ They just want to blacken our name , and the name of all Pashtuns , by calling us a militia , ” he said .
“ That is not true . ”
What is undeniable , however , is that by most accounts the situation has improved in Wardak since Ghulam and his AP3 became active just under 18 months ago .
The drive from Kabul to Wardak was not safe even a year ago ; and government officials could not visit the outlying districts at all .
For now that has changed .
Ghulam Mohammad is not shy about taking credit , either for his AP3 men or for himself .
“ I have negotiated with tribal elders and I have brought a balance , ” he said .
“ There used to be whole communities with the Taliban .
Now there will be one house with the Taliban , but the neighboring house is with AP3 . ”
This would suggest that many of those who have joined the AP3 were formerly with the Taliban , and perhaps followed their leader in switching sides .
But his former Taliban ties landed Ghulam Mohammad in the American - run prison at the Bagram Airbase in 2004 .
He spent two years incarcerated , the result , he insists , of a plot by political rivals to get him out of the way .
Ghulam Mohammad ( Abaceen Nasimi/ GlobalPost )
“ They told the Americans I was with the Taliban , ” he said .
“ It was not true .
I supported the government after 2001 . ”
Ghulam Mohammad maintains that he feels no bitterness toward his U.S. colleagues as a result of his prison years , but friends who know him well say that he claims he was mistreated at Bagram , and has very sour memories of his time there .
The burly commander has a unique approach to stabilizing the situation : he draws on his old contacts in the Taliban and threatens them .
“ I tell them , I know who you are and where you live , ” he said .
“ I say , if you touch my men I will kill your father , your mother , your sister .
They do not have the courage to face us . ”
But behind Ghulam Mohammad ’s bluster lies a deep unease .
In his opinion , AP3 is on the verge of collapse .
Under - resourced and under - funded , the program is starting to show signs of strain .
The men are unhappy , the population is skeptical , and , worst of all , AP3 may have sown the seeds of instability in the very areas it was meant to secure .
" I keep telling the government and the Americans , ' help us or let us go , ' he sighed .
" I do n’t think they really want security . "
It is a sad comment on a program that began with such promise just 18 months ago .
Wardak , which adjoins the capital , is known as " the gateway to Kabul . "
A lush green province of hills , streams and valleys , it was also a popular picnic and vacation spot for those seeking to escape the heat and dust of the city .
But about three years ago the situation began to deteriorate .
Armed groups set up checkpoints on the roads , robbing and sometimes kidnapping travelers .
The Taliban started distributing night letters , warning residents of Wardak not to cooperate with the government or the international community .
Schools were burned , a campaign of assassinations was carried out , and many Wardakis working in Kabul stopped visiting their families on weekends .
“ I have n’t been home in over a year , ” said Bashir , a journalist from Chak district , speaking last summer .
“ It is too dangerous for me . ”
There were frequent armed attacks even on the road linking Kabul with Wardak ’s provincial capital , Maidan Shahr .
“ Before I became governor , the situation in Wardak was fragile , deteriorating day by day , ” said Halim Fidai , who took over the reins of the Wardak administration in July 2008 .
“ Officials were restricted in their movements , development stopped .
Anyone who came to the governor ’s office would cover his face , so he would not be killed when he went back to his village .
But this year on Prophet ’s Day we had 5,000 elders , all openly supporting the government . ”
Fidai divides his time between Maidan Shahr , the capital of Wardak , and his family ’s home Kabul .
But he insists that he is now able to travel freely between the two , something that would have been unthinkable when he first became governor .
“ It is safe now , ” he said .
“ There is no problem . ”
The difference , he said , was the AP3 .
The AP3 has its fans — the 1,200 young men who are now employed in the program are happy to have work ; their families are also better off , and those who work in development are grateful that they can now implement their projects .
But there are many who argue that AP3 is at best ineffective , and at worst destructive .
It can divide communities , contribute to instability and give rise to armed groups that could turn into militias , loyal only to their commanders and preying on the local population .
Nonsense , said the governor , Fidai .
“ This public protection force is not a militia .
It is entirely different , ” he insists .
“ It is a responsible , accountable , uniformed , trained force within the framework of the Afghan government . ”
The AP3 is an initiative of the Ministry of the Interior and the U.S. Special Forces .
But critics ask why , when more than $ 6 billion has been poured into police training over the past eight years , are the United States and the Afghan government so intent on creating an additional structure ?
Simple , Fidai said .
“ You ca n’t produce police in 21 days , ” he said .
“ We need an immediate remedy … I only have 500 trained police for Wardak .
That is not enough . ”
But stop - gap measures like the AP3 are not the way to bring stability , argues retired Gen.
Amanullah ( he uses only one name ) , who was a high - ranking officer in the Defense Ministry during the Communist - backed government of Dr. Najibullah .
" The Ministry of the Interior is now producing plastic police " he said .
“ They give them a few weeks ’ training and then they arm them , give them a uniform and send them out .
If the Interior Ministry would support the police there would be no need for these kinds of groups . ”
Even that is now under threat .
According to a uniformed officer on Ghulam Mohammad ’s team , who did not want to give his name , the new recruits receive no training whatsoever .
Not that it is much of a loss , he added .
“ The Americans do not understand this war , ” he said .
“ The training they give is useless .
They want us to carry big backpacks — in these hills !
It is guerrilla war .
They just do n’t get it . ”
Another problem with AP3 , said Amanullah , are the close ties between the Taliban and the rest of the community .
Arming one part of a village against another could be a recipe for disaster .
“ These ( AP3 ) will cause enmity between families , between houses , ” he said .
“ Groups like these were the main cause of the civil war . ”
Rather than heap the credit for the improvement in Wardak on the AP3 , he said , better to recognize the contribution of the 1,500 American troops who arrived in the province a little over a year ago .
Fidai concedes that it is possible that the U.S. soldiers have made the difference .
“ The Americans have helped a lot , ” he said .
“ They have responded in time of need . ”
Gen . Sayed Kamal Sadat , director general of Public Protection , who oversees the program , acknowledges that the AP3 have had limited fighting experience .
In fact , he said , they have never come face to face with “ the enemy . ”
There have been some AP3 casualties — 15 as of early April , but these were due to accidents , mines , and improvised explosive devices ( IEDs ) rather than to actual combat .
According to Rahimullah , a resident of Nerkh district in Wardak who claims to have witnessed clashes between the AP3 and the Taliban , the lack of direct contact is due to the fact that the AP3 simply run away when they come across the better - equipped and more battle - hardened Taliban .
“ I do not think that these boys can bring security , ” he said .
“ The Taliban control the night in our area .
These boys just escape when they see the Taliban .
They sit in their checkpoints and smoke hashish .
When I pass by , I see blue smoke coming out . ”
But Ghulam Mohammad denies that any of his men are involved in questionable activities .
“ It ’s just propaganda against the AP3 that there are hash smugglers or arms dealers among them , ” he insisted .
“ We know these people well , they have been guaranteed by the elders in their village . ”
Perhaps the best gauge of the success or failure of the AP3 is the fact that it has so far been limited to Wardak .
The original idea was to expand the program to other provinces , but there are no immediate plans to introduce AP3 anywhere else .
“ The Ministry of the Interior is not happy with this program , ” said an inside source in the ministry , speaking on condition of anonymity .
“ It has not been a success . ”
The governor acknowledges that AP3 is stalled , but insists that this is not due to any deficiency in the Wardak experiment , but to the fact that Americans have been distracted by another “ promising idea ” — the Local Defense Initiative , which seeks to train and equip tribal militias to fight the Taliban .
“ The international community should finish what it starts , ” Fidai said .
“ Afghanistan should not become a laboratory . ”
Fidai staunchly defends the program , which has brought so many benefits to Wardak .
“ First , it creates jobs for young people who would otherwise join the Taliban , ” he said .
It certainly worked for Spin Gul , a young man who returned to Wardak after two years spent working in Iran .
He was having no luck finding a job .
The economy in his native province was at a standstill , and security had deteriorated sharply , with the Taliban and other armed groups patrolling the highways and attacking the population .
What is a young man to do ?
The Taliban were one option — several of his friends and neighbors were with them .
But he was not eager to participate in the raids , kidnappings and other insurgent activities that were making Wardak a dangerous place to visit .
Then someone told him the AP3 , which that would pay him a whopping 8,000 afghani ( about $ 160 ) per month .
So Spin Gul signed up , was vetted by the local department of the intelligence services and his village local council , went off to a nearby province for three weeks of training , then was issued a uniform and an AK - 47 .
Now he helps guard the highway leading from Wardak to Kandahar .
In general , he is happy with his lot .
“ It ’s better than working in Iran , ” he laughed .
“ Now that we have installed a checkpoint on the highway , the Taliban can not take people off buses .
There is no fighting along the road . ”
Spin
Gul rejects the complaints of those who say that the AP3 , with a mere 21 days of training under their newly issued belts , cannot fight the Taliban .
“ I know the people in my area , ” he said .
“ I know who is Taliban and who is not .
We are much more effective than the national police and army . ”
But critics of AP3 say that this intimate local knowledge is also a major weakness of the program : if Spin Gul knows the Taliban in his area , then they also know him .
This could keep the young man from taking action against the insurgents , for fear of reprisals against himself or his family .
Just as likely , according to some research , Spin Gul and his Taliban pals will team up , split the money and weapons and conduct business as usual .
Still , Fidai is convinced that this is the way to go .
“ This could be a reintegration model for the whole country , ” he insisted .
“ Reintegration ” is now a catchword for a new , generously funded program to provide jobs and other benefits to those Taliban who want to lay down their arms and rejoin the government .
It is called by the American military “ the golden surrender . ”
AP3 provides an alternative — the would - be fighters get a salary and do not even have to give up their guns .
According to Mathieu Lefevre , who researched AP3 for the Afghanistan Analysts ’ Network , a non-profit , independent policy research organization , the program is generating a lot of anger among the local population .
“ I spoke to several Wardakis who found it hard to understand how Ghulam Mohammad , a former Taliban commander , is now the head of a 1,200 - man AP3 force to ‘ protect ’ them , ” he said in a recent interview with GlobalPost .
In a blog post on the analysts ' network website , Lefevre added that he himself had been suspicious of possible Taliban infiltration of the AP3 .
“ When I asked local officials about the possibility that elements of the Taliban could infiltrate AP3 , I got more than a few big grins as my only answer , ” he wrote .
A resident of Alesang village , in Chak district , who did not want to give his name for fear of retribution , said that the situation in Chak had worsened since the AP3 began its deployment .
“ They have established a checkpoint , but it has not helped , ” he said .
“ Three weeks ago armed men assassinated 75 - year - old Haji Zahir , the head of Chak ’s district council .
They killed him in broad daylight . ”
Rafiullah , a resident of Sayedabad district , is worried that the AP3 will degenerate into the lawless militias that so plagued the country during the civil war .
“ These militias might be good for the government for the time being , ” he said .
“ But they result in instability in the long run .
They sow enmity between villages and between families .
In past years when different groups set up checkpoints , people got killed over it . ”
This , curiously enough , is a point that Ghulam Mohammad does not dispute .
“ The AP3 will cause enmity house by house , ” he said .
“ With one house Taliban , and one house AP3 , they will fight , eventually . ”
Habiburrahman Ibrahimi , a journalist in Kabul , contributed to this report .
War by other means : a series
Part 1 : Aid as a weapon
Part 2 : Arming the militias
Part 4 : The law of unintended consequences
The opening of farmers markets keeps small Oregon growers busy this time of year , picking , packing and selling their produce .
But rather than being focused on their fields , many are watching Washington , D.C. , where they fear their fate could be sealed by a food safety bill .
The Food Safety Modernization
Act before the U.S. Senate would bolster the
and tighten regulations , overhauling a system that dates to 1906 .
There 's been virtually no outcry from large producers over the bill .
But a number of small farmers in Oregon -- and elsewhere -- say it would add an unfair burden , putting many of them out of business .
" All farmers are for food safety , " said Scott Frost , the 53 - year - old owner of Nature 's Fountain Farm in Albany , which produces fruits and vegetables for farmers markets and restaurants .
" But this could make farmers markets go away .
The only guys left standing in the room will be the big gorillas . "
On Saturday , he handed out fliers to vendors at the Portland farmers market in the South Park Blocks , urging them to contact Oregon 's Sens.
Ron Wyden and Jeff Merkley about the bill .
He wants them to support an exclusion for small farmers .
As it stands now , the bill would force producers that fall under the FDA to enact food safety procedures and keep detailed records about where their food is sold so it can be traced in the event of a recall or outbreak .
Facilities would be charged fees , and inspections would be stepped up , especially targeting producers of food considered a high risk for harmful bacteria .
The bill , which would give the FDA recall authority , follows successive waves of food poisoning outbreaks that have touched everything from peanuts to produce .
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention estimates that every year 76 million people get sick and 5,000 die from food poisoning .
Food safety advocates -- including President Barack Obama 's administration -- say something must be done .
Small farmers agree that food safety is a priority , but they say this bill -- and one already passed by the House -- would hurt smaller operations that can't afford to hire food safety staffs and pay for expensive laboratory testing .
Even the $ 500 fee included in the House bill is too much for some .
" I do n't make much money , " said Gus Wahner , a 61 - year - old organic grower in Stanfield , who owns Way of Life Farms .
" If you 're making $ 15,000 a year , it 's a big hit . "
Oregon has nearly 40,000 farms , according to the
.
More than 60 percent are small , selling less than $ 10,000 worth of agricultural products a year .
Many small growers survive by selling directly to markets or supplying member - based Community Supported Agriculture networks with fresh produce .
These farmers want the legislation to take their size and means into account .
" They 're concerned about a one - size - fits - all approach , " said Chris Schreiner , executive director of Oregon Tilth , which certifies organic growers in the United States and Mexico .
" They want a more risk - based approach . "
One of the chief complaints has to do with record - keeping .
Under the bill , growers and processors would have keep track of where the food is distributed so it can be traced and recalled quickly in the event of contamination or an outbreak .
But many small farmers in Oregon say they do n't need to keep records on their customers because they know them personally .
They think such record - keeping would waste their time .
" When you are a small farm , you have to hire someone to do the paperwork or do it yourself , " said Anthony Boutard , the 55 - year - old owner of Ayers Creek Farm in Gaston .
" If it takes 20 hours a week , those are 20 hours I 'm not farming . "
Under U.S. Department of Agriculture rules , organic farmers such as Boutard have to maintain detailed records to keep their certification , and they get inspected once a year .
" The biggest concern is that the bill does n't really take into account the strenuous measures that certified organic growers are already doing , " said Garth Kahl , 42 , who owns the organic Common Treasury Farm west of Corvallis and works for Oregon Tilth .
" It 's the small growers who are growing high - quality food and selling it to consumers . "
Boutard says small farmers are not the problem .
" I think the legislation overreaches and goes beyond where the actual problem lies , " he said .
" We are not the ones causing food - borne illnesses .
That 's coming from large farms that are doing mechanized harvesting . "
Although big operations have caused many high - profile outbreaks , small farms can poison people , too .
In 2005 , more than 80 people in Oregon and Washington were sickened in an outbreak of E. coli O157:H7 that was traced to a small parsley grower in Clackamas County .
And in 2008 , 13 people fell ill in the two states in another E. coli O157:H7 outbreak caused by a small grower of spinach in Washington .
William Keene , senior epidemiologist with the state Public Health Division , says 10 other outbreaks in Oregon since 2005 were traced to small growers or processors .
" Small operations can and do cause outbreaks , " he said .
" There are no data to suggest that small farms or food processors are any less risky than big ones . "
Small operations just do n't sell to as many people .
But they do have a strong supporter in the Senate .
Jon Tester , a Democratic senator from Montana and an organic farmer , plans to introduce an amendment to the bill that would exclude growers and processors who earn less than $ 500,000 a year or sell to farmers markets .
If it passes , it would cover all but 1,800 farms in Oregon .
" If they can get us an exemption , I 'm fine with that because that will leave things the way they are , " Albany farmer Scott Frost said .
" We do n't need this kind of legislation for our local food system . "
--
Hollywood has launched the next salvo in its ongoing battle to ruin the internet .
The RIAA and the MPAA have already done their best to strip everything cool off your computer , now it ’s the Writer ’s Guild of America ’s turn .
Their strategy ?
Banning facts .
The Wrap says the Guild is , in effect , trying to blackmail IMDB into removing the ages of actors who want to pretend they ’re ten years younger than they are .
You ’re not fooling anyone Meg Ryan .
Other guilds , like the Screen Actors Guild , have also reached out to IMDB in an effort to convince them to remove birthdates from the pages of actors who do n’t want them listed .
But the Writer ’s Guild has a wedge they can use to force IMDB into erasing the truth .
They have a contract with the movie database to provide credits information .
The veiled implication in The Wrap ’s article is that they might stop providing them if IMDB does n’t do what they want .
The argument here is that IMDB is hurting the job opportunities of below - the - line workers or people who are n’t huge movie stars like Angelina Jolie , and need to lie on their resume in order to get work .
It ’s kind of hard to take the moral high ground though , when your position is based on making it easier for people to lie .
If you need to lie about your age to get work , maybe it ’s time to consider a new career .
Stick to your guns IMDB .
The previously announced Pride and Prejudice and Zombies game has been released and is now available for the iPhone , iPod touch and iPad on the App Store .
The title based on the Seth Grahame - Smith ’s twist on the Jane Austen classic novel brings twelve levels of gesture - based zombie - killing ; with an upgradable battle prowess system , awards , leaderboards , excerpts from the book itself and more .
The description notes that the game is compatible with but not optimized for iPad .
Pride and Prejudice and Zombies runs $ 2.99 and weighs in at 58 MB .
From the description :
It is a truth universally acknowledged that a zombie in possession of brains must be in want of more brains .
And it is another widely held truth that Pride and Prejudice and Zombies , the New York Times best seller , was in want of the perfect video game to bring it to life — or at least back from the dead !
Now available on the iPhone or iPod Touch , play through the classic story of Jane Austen ’s Pride and Prejudice with an added dose of zombie in Freeverse ’s 2D sidescrolling action beat ‘ em up .
With 12 levels of beautiful graphics and all the classic romance only a slew of gory unmentionables could enhance , Pride and Prejudice and Zombies offers everyone from gamers to literary enthusiasts the most fun any Classic could offer !
Features :
Amazing environments and gorgeous art
Intuitive gesture - based controls for executing awesome attacks
Upgrade your battle prowess to survive the onslaught of undead
12 levels of the best - selling novel
Plus + integration for awards and leaderboards
Adapted for on - the - go gaming
Easy to pick up and play , but the challenge will have you coming back for more
Beautiful music and cool sound effects bring the action to life
BRUSSELS ( AP ) —
Voters gave a stunning win in general elections to a Flemish separatist party that wants Dutch and French speakers to end years of acrimonious linguistic disputes — or go their own way and break up Belgium .
The New Flemish Alliance on Sunday shook up Belgium ’s hidebound political scene , winning 27 seats , up 19 from the 2007 elections , to become Belgium ’s biggest party .
Its win was a withering report card on Premier Yves Leterme ’s outgoing coalition of Christian Democrats , Liberals and Socialists — split into Dutch - and French - speaking factions — whose three years in office were marked by enduring linguistic spats that remained unresolved .
The election outcome was seen as a warning to Francophone politicians to negotiate seriously about granting Dutch and French speakers more self - rule or Dutch - speaking Flanders will bolt .
The reaction in Wallonia was one of shock .
The daily Le Soir said , “ Flanders has chosen a new king , ” referring to Bart De Wever , 39 , leader of the New Flemish Alliance , who urged “ Francophones to make ( a country ) that works . ”
Belgium ’s 6.5 million Dutch speakers and 4 million Francophones live very side - by - side lives .
Just about everything here — from political parties to broadcasters to Boy Scouts and voting ballots — already comes in Dutch - and French - language versions .
Even charities such as the Red Cross and Amnesty International have separate chapters .
Mr. De Wever seeks an orderly breakup of Belgium .
His party accuses Wallonia , Belgium ’s poorer Southern half , of bad governance that has raised the jobless rate to double that of Flanders , the Dutch - speaking north .
On Monday , King Albert II is expected to start one - on - one meetings with political leaders to see who should form a new government .
In 2007 , those talks lasted more than six months .
If he becomes premier of Belgium , Mr. De Wever will head a coalition government that will force him to tone down his independence talk and negotiate for more regional self - rule within Belgium .
These talks have been stalemated for years .
True to tradition , the big winners in Wallonia were the Socialists , who won 26 seats , up six .
Their leader , Elio di Rupo , also a would - be premier , said : “ Many Flemish people want the country ’s institutions reformed .
We need to listen to that . ”
Flanders and Wallonia already have autonomy in urban development , environment , agriculture , employment , energy , culture , sports and other areas .
Flemish parties demand that justice , health and social security are added to that , but Walloon politicians fear ending social security as a federal responsibility will mark the end of Belgium .
The divide goes beyond language .
Flanders is conservative and free - trade - minded .
Wallonia ’s long - dominant Socialists have a record of corruption and poor governance .
Flanders has half the unemployment of Wallonia and a 25 percent higher per-capita income , and its politicians are tired of subsidizing their Francophone neighbors .
As governments worldwide tried to tame a financial crisis and recession , the four parties that led Belgium since 2007 struggled with linguistic spats , most notably over a bilingual voting district comprising the capital , Brussels , and 35 Flemish towns bordering it .
The high court ruled it illegal in 2003 because Dutch is the only official language in Flanders .
Over the years , Francophones from Brussels have moved in large numbers to Brussels ’ leafy Flemish suburbs , where they are accused of refusing to learn Dutch and integrate .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
JUNEAU , Alaska , June 17 ( UPI ) -- The U.S. Coast Guard says it emptied about 110,000 gallons of bunker oil from the wreck of a one - time cruise ship that sank along the coast of Alaska in 1952 .
The delicate operation off Lena Point defused a potential environmental time bomb in the form of oil stored in the deteriorating fuel tanks or trapped in the fragile hull of the Princess Kathleen , officials said .
Advertisement
" The importance for the removal of oil was extremely high due to the condition of the tanks , " said Kerry Walsh , a project manager for Global Diving and Salvage .
" Anything from a recreational diver to an earthquake could have caused the imbalance needed to rupture the pipes resulting in a major oil release . "
The Princess Kathleen was a former cruise ship that had been used as a troop transport and belonged to Canadian Pacific Railway when it ran aground near Juneau and went down .
The risk of a major release of heavy bunker C oil was known for several years but technology only recently advanced to the point that the oil could be salvaged .
" Remote operated vehicles allowed for us to get a visual of the deteriorating tanks and pipes to better strategize how we were going to remove the oil without taking the risk of sending our divers into unknown spaces , " Walsh said in a written statement issued by the Coast Guard Thursday .
The salvage team , along with the Coast Guard and state officials , devised a plan in which the oil and water from the Princess Kathleen was heated and re-circulated between the sunken ship 's fuel tanks and a barge on the surface .
The result was the capture of pure oil and a minimal amount of contaminated water .
It took four months and about $ 12 million to complete the operation but Coast Guard officials said it would have been more costly to clean up the oil if the Princess Kathleen had sprung a major leak .
In the iconic 1963 photo shown above , a young Tougaloo College lecturer and two of his students defiantly stage a sit - in at a whites - only Woolworth ’s lunch counter in Jackson , Mississippi whilst surrounded by disapproving onlookers .
All three are covered in sugar , salt , mustard and their own blood .
In the middle , head turned , is Joan Trumpauer Mulholland ( nee Trumpower ) , at the time one of just two white students at the predominantly black college and already a seasoned civil rights activist .
Two years previous , Joan had been arrested at a train station as a Freedom Rider and imprisoned for two months .
Below is a letter sent to her mother by the jail ’s condemnatory superintendent .
Read more about the photo at the website of Hunter Gray , the admirably calm , slop - covered gentleman seen in the photo .
Transcript follows .
( Source : Breach of Peace . )
Transcript
Mississippi State Penitentiary
FRED JONES
SUPERINTENDENT PARCHMAN , MISSISSIPPI 12th
July
1961 Mrs. Merle Nelson
5150 Wilson Blvd .
Arlington 5 , Virginia Dear Mrs. Nelson : I have your letter in regard to your daughter Joan Trumpower .
If there is any medicine that you want her to have , if you will send it we will see that she gets it .
Your daughter is receiving plenty of food , has been provided with a tooth brush , tooth paste and whatever else she actually needs .
I notice that you state that as a mother of a minor that you want to be notified in case of any emergency .
What I cannot understand is why as a mother you permitted a minor white girl to gang up with a bunch of negro bucks and white hoodlums to ramble over this country with the express purpose of violating the laws of certain states and attempting to incite acts of violence .
If you are concerned enough , you could post bond for your daughter and have her released .
Such action will have to be taken up with the Sheriff of Hinds County , Jackson , Mississippi .
Very truly , ( Signed , ‘ Fred Jones ’ ) Fred Jones , Superintendent FJ:mk
For Your Eyes Only Portraits was the first ever boudoir photography studio for women .
It was pioneered by photographer and entrepreneur Alexandra Vince back in 2002 .
The studio is founded on it ’s principal of offering guarded privacy and artistic feminine portraiture to any woman .
Hello !
I ’m Alexandra , FYEO is my studio .
I want to help you feel amazing about your body .
Whether you are creating a wedding gift , having a photoshoot as a confidence boost , or buying a photoshoot gift voucher for someone special in your life , my professional boudoir studio is the place for you .
The FYEO studio has professional skin smoothing , flattering lighting .
I designed the FYEO boudoir poses to be mega flattering for your body and I ’m proud to say that over 20,000 women have tried and trusted my studio since 2002 !
Book your photoshoot at FYEO Boudoir Photography , I guarantee we 'll give you the most beautiful photographs to treasure forever .
You can shop for a boudoir photoshoot here on the website or call 01494 881881 .
Visit the boudoir photography galleries for £ 5 here .
Dozens of Americans have joined terrorist groups and are posing a threat to the United States and its interests abroad , the president ’s most senior adviser on counterterrorism and homeland security said Thursday .
“ There are , in my mind , dozens of U.S. persons who are in different parts of the world , and they are very concerning to us , ” said John O. Brennan , deputy White House national security adviser for homeland security and counterterrorism .
In a wide - ranging interview with The Washington Times , Mr. Brennan said he would not talk about lists of targeted American terrorists .
However , U.S. intelligence and law enforcement agencies have been tracking down U.S. nationals and U.S. passport holders who pose security threats , like the Yemen - based al Qaeda cleric Anwar al - Awlaki , he said .
“ They are concerning to us , not just because of the passport they hold , but because they understand our operational environment here , they bring with them certain skills , whether it be language skills or familiarity with potential targets , and they are very worrisome , and we are determined to take away their ability to assist with terrorist attacks , ” Mr. Brennan said .
The remarks came in response to questions about procedures used by the president to order lethal strikes on U.S. citizens who have joined al Qaeda or other terrorist groups .
On Feb. 3 , Dennis C. Blair , then director of national intelligence , said in congressional testimony that special permission must first be obtained by military or intelligence forces before what he termed “ direct action ” strikes against American citizens .
The main weapon in recent CIA and U.S. military counterterrorism operations has been attacks with missile - equipped unmanned aerial vehicles in Afghanistan , Iraq , Pakistan , Somalia and Yemen .
The administration has said it has killed dozens or perhaps scores of terrorists with these strikes over the past several years .
That practice was criticized in a report earlier this month authored by Philip Alston , the independent U.N. investigator on extrajudicial killings , who said the practice may violate international humanitarian law .
The American Civil Liberties Union in a letter to Mr. Obama on April 28 warned that the current program to kill terrorists in foreign countries would create a precedent for other countries to kill suspected terrorists all over the world .
The American - born cleric and U.S. citizen who now resides in Yemen is thought to be high on the list of those targeted for killing by the United States .
Mr. Brennan would not comment on the details of lethal operations or the procedure for targeting Americans .
“ If a person is a U.S. citizen , and he is on the battlefield in Afghanistan or Iraq trying to attack our troops , he will face the full brunt of the U.S. military response , ” Mr. Brennan said .
“ If an American person or citizen is in a Yemen or in a Pakistan or in Somalia or another place , and they are trying to carry out attacks against U.S. interests , they also will face the full brunt of a U.S. response .
And it can take many forms . ”
Mr. Brennan added , “ To me , terrorists should not be able to hide behind their passports and their citizenship , and that includes U.S. citizens , whether they are overseas or whether they are here in the United States .
What we need to do is to apply the appropriate tool and the appropriate response . ”
Attempts by U.S. citizens at carrying out unsophisticated terrorist attacks in the United States have increased sharply in recent years .
The latest example was Faisal Shahzad , who confessed in court this week that he left a vehicle rigged with explosives in New York ’s Times Square on the evening of May 1 .
In court testimony , he also admitted to having trained in bomb making with the Pakistani Taliban .
A recent Rand Corp. study of so - called “ homegrown ” U.S. radicalism reported a significant increase in indictments of Americans who were recruited for jihadist violence in the past two years .
The report said 81 were indicted for terrorism - related crimes between 2002 and 2008 .
Forty - two people were indicted for such crimes in 2009 , and two more have been indicted in 2010 .
The study , authored by former U.S. special - operations officer Brian Jenkins , concluded that one in 30,000 Muslim Americans is vulnerable to radicalization , a fact “ suggesting an American Muslim population that remains hostile to jihadist ideology and its exhortations to violence . ”
In the interview Thursday , Mr. Brennan also said that the vision of Islam put forth by Osama bin Laden and other al Qaeda leaders was widely rejected by the Muslim world .
Last month , Mr. Brennan drew criticism for a speech in which he said , “ Jihad is holy struggle , a legitimate tenet of Islam , meaning to purify oneself or one ’s community . ”
Mr. Brennan said that he opposed granting any legitimacy to what he called al Qaeda ’s “ twisted ” interpretation of Islam .
“ Clearly , bin laden and al Qaeda believe they are on this very holy agenda and this jihad , ” he said .
“ However , in my view , what we cannot do is to allow them to think , and the rest of the world to think , and for the future terrorists of the world to believe al Qaeda is a legitimate representation of jihad and Islam . ”
Mr. Brennan also said that the U.S. law enforcement community has the means to monitor Web forums affiliated with al Qaeda that have in the past proven to be a gateway for recruitment into the terrorist organization .
But he also said that any investigations or monitoring of such sites needed to first pass a threshold of probable cause .
“ There needs to be some type of predicate or premise for there to be reasonable suspicion that someone is engaged in activity that is unlawful , ” he said .
“ The mere engagement in political speech , even if it is radical , is not in itself a cause for investigation . ”
Mr. Brennan toward the end of the interview acknowledged that , despite some differences , there is considerable continuity between the counterterrorism policies of President Bush and President Obama .
“ There has been a lot of continuity of effort here from the previous administration to this one , ” he said .
“ There are some important distinctions , but sometimes there is too much made of those distinctions .
We are building upon some of the good foundational work that has been done . ”
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
Enlarge By Stephen Brashear for USA TODAY Coach Andy Hill dribbles the ball between Alexandra Johnson , 13 , right , and Samantha Wrast , 13 , in Redmond , Wash .
Hill , a non-smoker , is feeling better on the lung cancer drug crizotinib .
FORUM : LIVING WITH CANCER FORUM : LIVING WITH CANCER Patients , survivors , loved ones touched by any type of cancer invited to share questions , advice , experiences HEALTH REPORTER TWEETS HEALTH REPORTER TWEETS
An experimental drug is causing dramatic recoveries in a small number of people with lung cancer , the world 's leading cancer killer , scientists reported Saturday .
The pill , crizotinib , shrank tumors in 64 % of patients with advanced lung cancer and kept 90 % of cancers in check , according to a preliminary study of 76 patients presented at the annual meeting of the American Society of Clinical Oncology .
ASCO : Long - term Avastin use keeps ovarian cancer in check Doctors have n't studied the drug long enough to know whether it also helps patients live longer .
But the new pill appears far more effective than conventional chemotherapy , which typically helps only 10 % of patients with such advanced cancer , says study author Yung - Jue Bang of Seoul National University in South Korea .
Patients in the study already had endured up to seven previous therapies and might have had only three to four months to live , says Mace Rothenberg of Pfizer , which funded the study .
It 's rare for cancer drugs to show this much promise in the earliest phase of human testing .
These results were so strong , however , that doctors were able to move quickly to a large , definitive trial , Bang says .
" It 's an absolutely huge deal , " says Mark Kris , a researcher at New York 's Memorial Sloan - Kettering Cancer Center who has treated patients with the drug .
" This is where we want cancer therapy to go . "
Crizotinib is part of new arsenal of " targeted " cancer therapies , developed over the past decade , which keep tumors in check by blocking the production of proteins that make cancers grow .
They work very differently from conventional chemo , which act broadly to kill all fast - growing cells — killing both malignant cells and healthy ones .
Crizotinib blocks a genetic abnormality found most often in non-smokers , caused when two normal genes fuse together to form a new , cancer - causing gene , called EML4 - ALK .
About 7,500 of the 219,440 Americans diagnosed with lung cancer each year have this cancer gene .
Because the cancer gene is n't found in healthy cells , crizotinib causes fewer serious side effects than chemo , which can lower patients ' blood counts and lead to life - threatening infections .
Doctors saw no severe or life - threatening symptoms in this study , although one patient stopped taking the drug after blood tests indicated liver damage , Bang says .
" We 're seeing an evolution in treatment , " says researcher Brian Druker , who invented the landmark drug Gleevec , which was approved in 2001 and is seen as the model for new cancer treatments .
" The more of these drugs we get , the closer we get to the reality of personalized cancer therapies . "
Andy Hill of Redmond , Wash. , says he owes his health to the drug , which he has been taking since October .
" I was in bad shape , " says Hill , 47 , a non-smoker who was diagnosed with lung cancer in March 2009 .
" It was very hard to walk up the stairs without losing my breath .
I lost my voice .
... I started taking the pill and within a week , all my symptoms had gone away .
Within two weeks , my voice was back .
Within three weeks , I was jogging again . "
For Hill , crizotinib's only side effects are temporary visual disturbances : strobe - light effects in his peripheral vision when he goes from a dark room to a lighted one .
Chemo and radiation were much harsher , he says , burning his esophagus so that he was unable to eat and had to be fed intravenously .
Hill lost his hair and 25 pounds .
Hill says he has since regained that weight and has returned to coaching his 14 - year - old daughter 's soccer team .
" I 've kind of gotten a second chance , " Hill says .
Crizotinib has n't yet been approved and is available only through clinical trials .
Patients can find out whether they 're eligible for the studies by asking their doctors to test their tumor samples or by calling Pfizer at ( 877 ) 369-9753 .
Targeted drugs like this are raising critical questions about paying for cancer .
On the one hand , new therapies can cost up to $ 10,000 a month .
On the other hand , Rothenberg says that targeted therapies and advanced genetic testing can help patients and insurance plans save money , by providing drugs only to patients in whom they are likely to work .
Researchers did n't provide long - term results .
But if crizotinib is anything like other targeted therapies , it may work best on patients with early disease , giving those with advanced cancers only a 6 to 12 month reprieve , says Druker , director of the Oregon Health & Science University Knight Cancer Institute in Portland .
Unfortunately , few lung cancers are detected in early stages .
More often , the disease is found after tumors have multiplied or spread , Druker says .
Druker notes that Gleevec only kept tumors in check for about six months for patients with advanced leukemia .
Another new lung cancer drug , Tarceva , helps advanced cancer patients for about year .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
| mouse over for controls / lower right full - screen |
s
a selection of 12 poems
Der Panther Im Jardin des Plantes , Paris
Sein Blick ist vom Vorübergehen der Stäbe
so müd geworden , daß er nichts mehr hält .
Ihm ist , als ob es tausend Stäbe gäbe
und hinter tausend Stäben keine Welt .
Der weiche Gang geschmeidig starker Schritte ,
der sich im allerkleinsten Kreise dreht ,
ist wie ein Tanz von Kraft um eine Mitte ,
in der betäubt ein großer Wille steht .
Nur manchmal schiebt der Vorhang der Pupille
sich lautlos auf .
Dann geht ein Bild hinein ,
geht durch der Glieder angespannte Stille
und hört im Herzen auf zu sein .
The Panther
In the Jardin des Plantes , Paris
His gaze is from the passing of bars
so exhausted , that it does n't hold a thing anymore .
For him , it 's as if there were thousands of bars
and behind the thousands of bars no world .
The sure stride of lithe , powerful steps ,
that around the smallest of circles turns ,
is like a dance of pure energy about a center ,
in which a great will stands numbed .
Only occasionally , without a sound , do the covers
of the eyes slide open .
An image rushes in ,
goes through the tensed silence of the frame 
only to vanish , forever , in the heart .
Der Schwan
Diese Mühsal , durch noch Ungetanes
schwer und wie gebunden hinzugehen ,
gleicht dem ungeschaffnen Gang des Schwanes .
Und das Sterben , dieses Nichtmehrfassen
jenes Grunds , auf dem wir täglich stehen ,
seinem ängstlichen Sich - Niederlassen :
in die Wasser , die ihn sanft empfangen
und die sich , wie glücklich und vergangen ,
unter ihm zurückziehn , Flut um Flut ;
während er unendlich still und sicher
immer mündiger und königlicher
und gelassener zu ziehn geruht .
The Swan
This difficult living , heavy and as if all tied up ,
moving through that which has been left undone ,
is like the not - quite - finished walk of the swan .
And dying , this slipping away from
the ground upon which we stand every day ,
is his anxious letting himself fall :
into the waters , which receive him gladly
and which , as if happily already gone by ,
draw back under him , wave after wave ;
while the swan , infinitely calm and self - assured ,
opener and more magnificent
and more serene , allows himself to be drawn on .
Die Gazelle
Grazella Dorcas
Verzauberte : wie kann der Einklang zweier
erwählter Worte je den Reim erreichen ,
der in dir kommt und geht , wie auf ein Zeichen .
Aus deiner Stirne steigen Laub und Leier ,
und alles Deine geht schon im Vergleich
durch Liebeslieder , deren Worte , weich
wie Rosenblätter , dem , der nicht mehr liest ,
sich auf die Augen legen , die er schließt :
um dich zu sehen : hingetragen , als
wäre mit Sprüngen jeder Lauf geladen
und schösse nur nicht ab , solang der Hals
das Haupt im Horchen hält : wie wenn beim Baden
im Wald die Badende sich unterbricht :
den Waldsee im gewendeten Gesicht .
The Gazelle
Grazella Dorcas
Enchanted being : how can the harmony of two
chosen words ever achieve the rhyme ,
as with a sign , that comes and goes in you .
Out of your brow rise leaf and lyre ,
and everything yours already runs as metaphor
through love songs , the words of which , soft
as rose petals , for the one who no longer reads ,
laid upon the eyes , which he closes
so that he may see you : carried about as if
each slender leg were charged with leaps ,
not to be fired as long as the neck
holds the head high in listening : as when , while
bathing in a dark forest , the bather interrupts herself :
the forest pool still reflected in her turning face .
Todeserfahrung
Wir wissen nichts von diesem Hingehn , das
nicht mit uns teilt .
Wir haben keinen Grund ,
Bewunderung und Liebe oder Haß
dem
Tod zu zeigen , den ein Maskenmund
tragischer Klage wunderlich entstellt .
Noch ist die Welt voll Rollen , die wir spielen ,
solang wir sorgen , ob wir auch gefielen ,
spielt auch der
Tod , obwohl er nicht gefällt .
Doch als du gingst , da brach in diese Bühne
ein Streifen Wirklichkeit durch jenen Spalt ,
durch den du hingingst : Grün wirklicher Grüne ,
wirklicher Sonnenschein , wirklicher Wald .
Wir spielen weiter .
Bang und schwer Erlerntes
hersagend und Gebärden dann und wann
aufhebend ; aber dein von uns entferntes ,
aus unserm Stück entrücktes Dasein kann
uns manchmal überkommen , wie ein Wissen
von jener Wirklichkeit sich niedersenkend ,
so daß wir eine Weile hingerissen
das Leben spielen , nicht an Beifall denkend .
Death Experience
We know nothing of this going away , that
shares nothing with us .
We have no reason ,
whether astonishment and love or hate ,
to display Death , whom a fantastic mask
of tragic lament astonishingly disfigures .
Now the world is still full of roles which we play
as long as we make sure , that , like it or not ,
Death plays , too , although he does not please us .
But when you left , a strip of reality broke
upon the stage through the very opening
through which you vanished : Green , true green ,
true sunshine , true forest .
We continue our play .
Picking up gestures
now and then , and anxiously reciting
that which was difficult to learn ; but your far away ,
removed out of our performance existence ,
sometimes overcomes us , as an awareness
descending upon us of this very reality ,
so that for a while we play Life
rapturously , not thinking of any applause .
Spanische Tänzerin
Wie in der Hand ein Schwefelzündholz , weiß ,
eh es zur Flamme kommt , nach allen Seiten
zuckende Zungen streckt : beginnt im Kreis
naher Beschauer hastig , hell und heiß
ihr runder Tanz sich zuckend auszubreiten .
Und plötzlich ist er Flamme , ganz und gar .
Mit einem Blick entzündet sie ihr Haar
und dreht auf einmal mit gewagter Kunst
ihr ganzes Kleid in diese Feuerbrunst ,
aus welcher sich , wie Schlangen die erschrecken ,
die nackten Arme wach und klappernd strecken .
Und dann : als würde ihr das Feuer knapp ,
nimmt sie es ganz zusamm und wirft es ab
sehr herrisch , mit hochmütiger Gebärde
und schaut : da liegt es rasend auf der Erde
und flammt noch immer und ergiebt sich nicht .
Doch sieghaft , sicher und mit einem süßen
grüßenden Lächeln hebt sie ihr Gesicht
und stampft es aus mit kleinen festen Füßen .
Spanish Dancer
As a wooden match held in the hand , white ,
on all its sides shoots flickering tongues
before it flashes into flame : within the inner
circle of onlookers , hurried , hot , bright ,
her dance in rounds begins to flicker and spread .
And suddenly , everything is completely fire .
One glance and she ignites her hair ,
turning all at once with daring art
her entire dress into a passion of flame ,
from which , like startled snakes ,
the naked arms awake and reach out , clapping .
And then : as if the fire were growing scarce ,
she takes it together and throws it off ,
masterfully , with proud , imperious gestures ,
and watches : it lies there raging on the ground ,
still flaring up , refusing to give in .
Till triumphantly , self - assured and with a sweet
welcoming smile , she raises her face ,
then stamps it out with small , powerful feet .
Die Insel I Nordsee
Die nächste Flut verwischt den Weg im Watt ,
und alles wird auf allen Seiten gleich ;
die kleine Insel draußen aber hat
die Augen zu ; verwirrend kreist der Deich
um ihre Wohner , die in einem Schlaf
geboren werden , drin sie viele Welten
verwechseln schweigend , denn sie reden selten ,
und jeder Satz ist wie ein Epitaph
für etwas Angeschwemmtes , Unbekanntes ,
das unerklärt zu ihnen kommt und bleibt .
Und so ist alles , was ihr Blick beschreibt ,
von Kindheit an : nicht auf sie Angewandtes ,
zu Großes , Rücksichtloses , Hergesandtes ,
das ihre Einsamkeit noch übertreibt .
The Island I
The North Sea ( " The Shallows " )
The next tide will erase the way through the mudflats ,
and everything will be again equal on all sides ;
but the small , far - out island already has its
eyes closed ; bewildered , the dike draws a circle
around its inhabitants who were born
into a sleep in which many worlds
are silently confused , for they rarely speak ,
and every phrase is like an epitaph
for something washed up on shore , unknown ,
that inexplicably comes to them and remains .
And so it is , from childhood on , with everything
described in their gaze : things not applying to them ,
too big , too merciless , sent back too many times ,
which exaggerates even more their aloneness .
Archaïscher Torso Apollos
Wir kannten nicht sein unerhörtes Haupt ,
darin die Augenäpfel reiften .
Aber
sein Torso glüht wie ein Kandelaber ,
in dem sein Schauen , nur zurückgeschraubt ,
sich hält und glänzt .
Sonst könnte nicht der Bug
der Brust dich blenden , und im leisen Drehen
der Lenden könnte nicht ein Lächeln gehen
zu jener Mitte , die die Zeugung trug .
Sonst stünde dieser Stein enstellt und kurz
unter der Schultern durchsichtigem Sturz
und flimmerte nicht wie Raubtierfelle ;
und bräche nicht aus allen seinen Rändern
aus wie ein Stern : denn da ist keine Stelle ,
die dich nicht sieht .
Du mußt dein Leben ändern .
Archaic Torso of Apollo
We do not know his unheard of head ,
in which the seeing of his eyes ripened .
But
his trunk still glows like a thousand candles ,
in which his looking , only turned down slightly ,
continues to shine .
Otherwise the thrust of the
breast would n't blind you , and from the light twist
of the loins a smile would n't flow into
that center where the generative power thrived .
Otherwise this stone would stand half disfigured
under the transparent fall of the shoulders ,
and would n't shimmer like the skin of a wild animal ;
it would n't be breaking out , like a star , on
all its sides : for there is no place on this stone ,
that does not see you .
You must change your life .
Kretische Artemis
Wind der Vorgebirge : war nicht ihre
Stirne wie ein lichter Gegenstand ?
Glatter Gegenwind der leichten
Tiere ,
formtest du sie : ihr Gewand
bildend an die unbewußten Brüste
wie ein wechselvolles Vorgefühl ?
Während sie , als ob sie alles wüßte ,
auf das Fernste zu , geschürzt und kühl ,
stürmte mit den Nymphen und den Hunden ,
ihren Bogen probend , eingebunden
in den harten hohen Gurt ;
manchmal nur aus fremden Siedelungen
angerufen und erzürnt bezwungen
von dem Schreien um Geburt .
Cretan Artemis
Wind of the foothills : was n't her
brow like some luminous object ?
Smooth fallwind of the sure - footed animals ,
you gave her form : her clothes
building upon the naive breasts
like a fickle premonition ?
While she , as if she already knew everything ,
even at a distance , dress readied and composed ,
stormed off with her nymphs and dogs ,
testing her bow , bound
to her high belt , all the while ;
at times , called only to foreign settlements
and , furious , forced to move
swiftly by the cries of birth .
Die Liebende
Das ist mein Fenster .
Eben
bin ich so sanft erwacht .
Ich dachte , ich würde schweben .
Bis wohin reicht mein Leben ,
und wo beginnt die Nacht ?
Ich könnte meinen , alles
wäre noch Ich ringsum ;
durchsichtig wie eines Kristalles
Tiefe , verdunkelt , stumm .
Ich könnte auch noch die Sterne
fassen in mir ; so groß
scheint mir mein Herz ; so gerne
ließ es ihn wieder los
den ich vielleicht zu lieben ,
vielleicht zu halten begann .
Fremd , wie niebeschrieben
sieht mich mein Schiksal an .
Was bin ich unter diese
Unendlichkeit gelegt ,
duftend wie eine Wiese ,
hin und her bewegt ,
rufend zugleich und bange ,
daß einer den Ruf vernimmt ,
und zum Untergange
in einem Andern bestimmt .
A Woman in Love
That is my window .
I
just awoke so gently .
I thought , I 'm floating .
How far does my life reach ,
and where does the night begin ?
I could think that everything
around me is me ;
like the transparent depth of a crystal ,
darkened and mute .
I think I could bring the stars
inside of me , so large
does my heart seem ; so very much
does it want to let go of him
whom I have perhaps begun
to love , perhaps to hold .
So strange , so uncharted
does my fate appear .
Who am I who lies here
under this endless sky ,
as the sweet scent of a meadow ,
moving back and forth ,
at once calling out and anxious ,
that someone might hear my call ,
destined to vanish
in another .
Das Rosen - Innere
Wo ist zu diesem Innen
ein Außen ?
Auf welches Weh
legt man solches Linnen ?
Welche Himmel spieglen sich drinnen
im dem Binnensee
dieser offenen Rosen , dieser sorglosen , sieh :
wie sie lose im Losen
liegen , als könnte nie
eine zitternde Hand sie verschütten .
Sie können sich selber kaum
halten ; vielen ließen
sich überfüllen und fließen
über von innenraum
in die Tage , die immer
voller und voller sich schließen ,
bis der ganze Sommer ein Zimmer
wird , ein Zimmer in einem Traum .
The Inner Rose
Where is there for this inner
an outer ?
Upon which hurt
does one lay such fine linen ?
And which heavens are reflected within them ,
upon the interior seas
of these open roses , these carefree ones , see :
how loose in looseness
they lie , as if a trembling hand
could never tip them over .
They can hardly hold themselves
erect ; many allow themselves
be filled all too full and flow
over from inner space
into the days , which , ever
more and more full , close in upon themselves ,
until the entire summer becomes
a chamber , a chamber in a dream .
Abschied
Wie hab ich das gefühlt was Abscied heisst .
Wie weiss ich noch : ein dunkles unverwundnes
grausames Etwas , das ein Schönverbundnes
noch einmal zeigt und hinhält und zerreisst .
Wie war ich ohne Wehr , dem zuzuschauen ,
das , da es mich .
mich rufend , gehen liess ,
zurückblieb , so als wärens alle Frauen
und dennoch klein und weiss und nicht dies :
Ein Winken , schon nicht mehr auf mich bezogen ,
ein leise Weiterwinkendes -- , schon kaum
erklärbar mehr : vielleicht ein Plaumenbaum ,
von dem ein Kuchuck hastig abgeflogen .
Departure
How I 've come to sense this thing called departure .
How I still know : a dark unscathed
cruel something , holding up a delicate braid ,
showing it to us again , only to tear it apart .
How defenseless I was , looking upon
that which , calling to me as it left me ,
remained behind , as if it were all women
and yet small and white and not quite that :
A waving , already no longer meant for me ,
followed by lightly echoing waves -- , all
but inexplicable : a plum tree perhaps
out of which a cuckoo , hastily , flew away .
|
Do n’t miss :
European Central Bank President Jean - Claude Trichet at the Council on Foreign Relations in New York , on April 26 , 2010 :
– Greek Junk Contagion Presses EU to Broaden Bailout – ECB President Jean - Claude Trichet at CFR ( April 26 , 2010 )
Translation via Helen Skopis of the recent interview with Max Keiser in Proto Thema newspaper in Athens .
Article in Proto Thema online – April 23 , 2010 By Vassili Daliani
“ The IMF is a Financial Mafia ”
At a time when Greece is being dragged through the mud by the international press , Max Keiser , one of the most radical and outspoken financial analysts , stands by our side and talks openly about a “ financial mafia ” and “ financial terrorists ” that drove this country to its destruction .
As a former Wall Street broker for almost 25 years , he knows how the financial system operates .
Max Keiser had foreseen the financial collapse of Iceland , he asks for the arrest of Goldman Sachs bankers and encourages Greeks to hold a referendum on whether the country should turn to the International Monetary Fund .
He is a presenter of financial shows on major worldwide TV networks , including the BBC , the English Al Jazeera and Russia Today .
Max Keiser told “ THEMA ” that the government ’s measures are unsubstantial maintaining that the IMF will impose the real measures .
He believes that Greece is a country that will be sacrificed by the international markets and urges the Greek people to fight this prospective .
PT : Is the International Monetary Fund Greece ’s only solution , or are there other alternatives ?
MK : The only solution for Greece is to arrest the Goldman Sachs bankers immediately and all those involved in the fabrication of Greek economic data in 2000 , when you became a member of the eurozone .
The next step is to nationalize all banks like Sweden did in 1993 .
The International Monetary Fund is that last thing you need .
You will lose your sovereignty .
It exercises terrorism .
You will be raped in such a way , that it will be the worst pain you have ever felt .
PT : There are those who believe that the IMF is not the “ bad wolf ” but the only solution for Greece
MK : If someone burns down your house in order to sell you charcoal , would you consider this logical ?
That is exactly what Goldman Sachs did to the Greek economy .
They burned you down like arsonists and then they tell you not to worry they ’ll give you charcoal .
It ’s outrageous .
The IMF has said that it can provide Greece with help .
The Wall Street investment hedge funds are attacking Greece ’s bond market so that the Greek economy collapses .
And they ’re doing this for a simple reason ; to force the Greek people to ask for help from the IMF .
The IMF will say , we came because you asked for our help .
Wall Street bankers work very closely with the IMF .
It ’s a financial mafia and the hedge funds are the assassins .
Research conducted on Goldman Sachs in the USA and in Europe show how big a mafia it is .
They are involved in illegal activity throughout the world .
PT : Where is the European Union ?
How would you explain the stance of France and Germany ?
MK : Germany is on the side of the Wall Street bankers .
Germany does n’t care about Greece or the euro .
The euro replaced a cheap capital in order to uphold competitiveness in its export market .
As long as Greece is a problem , the euro falls , which is something that is in Germany ’s interest .
The European Union and the euro are competing with the dollar .
Unfortunately , the crisis will destroy the euro .
The financial terrorists on Wall Street intend to destroy Portugal , and other countries , after Greece .
The destruction of the euro will allow the dollar to be the only international currency , the only fiscal reserve .
If a country wants to buy petroleum , it must purchase dollars first .
If a country wants to buy copper , it must purchase dollars first .
Because these and many other commodities are only sold in dollars .
This means that the U.S. is making a continuous profit .
The whole world is obliged to buy dollars .
The euro threatened the empire of the dollar .
It was naturally not appreciated by Wall Street bankers .
They are using the crisis to destroy the euro .
The Greek people must stand up to the bankers , just like the Icelandic people did .
What do you propose ?
How can we manage to borrow from the markets ?
MK : You should hold a referendum just like they did in Iceland .
93 % of the Icelandic people decided not to give some bankers 5 billion euros .
You have to decide if you want the IMF in your country .
Your government does not have the mandate to go ahead with this .
Do they consider you stupid and that is why they are n’t asking you for your opinion ?
Do they believe you ’re babies and that you do n’t have the right to voice your opinion ?
That you ca n’t decide for your own lives ?
Ask for a referendum .
Do you want the IMF in your country or not ?
You have the power .
You have to fight .
If a referendum is not held then you need to have elections .
Nationalize all banks immediately , create two or three state banks and restructure your economy .
Just look at what Sweden implemented in 1993 .
April 28th , 2010
Source : Max Keiser
I must confess that I am only now reading John Brook ’s classic Once in Golconda , which is a history of Wall Street from the 1920 to 1938 .
It ’s a heady mix of lush and leisurely narrative with keen attention to financial tradecraft .
Of course , any tale that involves market manipulation , no matter how far in the past , will sound oddly modern , and I thought this section in particular might entertain readers :
The chief instrumentality through which the Wall Street insiders , with Stock Exchange approval , sheared the gullible public lambs was the stock pool …..
The point of a pool manipulation was simplicity itself : it was a way of inducing the Stock Exchange ticker tape to tell a story that was essentially false , and thus to deceive the public .
Then as now , the stock ticker tape …. printed no news or comment – only the price and volume , along with the letters identifying the particular stock , of each transaction as it occurred …..
” The tape does n’t lie ” was the sucker ’s folk wisdom , but the tape could be made to lie .
Even though it continued to record each transaction as faithfully and impartially as ever , the nature of those transactions themselves could be so arranged , by the people doing the transaction , as to make the watcher of the tape , in his innocence and greed , buy a gold brick .
The group of capitalists pooling their resources would first pick out a stock suitable for their purpose because it had glamour appeal to the public , and because there were comparatively few shares on the market , making for ease of manipulation .
They would then accumulate a large block of shares …
They would , if possible , make an ally if not an actual partner of the stock ’s specialist on the Exchange floor …. it was he who , holing in his had the supposedly secret book listing all outstanding orders to by or sell stock , had access , in Flynn ’s metaphor , to the cards of all the players .
Finally , they would hire their key man , an expert in manipulation called a pool manager … .
On behalf of the pool , the pool manager , as broker , would begin buying and selling shares of the stock at frequent intervals , in no apparent pattern .
Often he would buy and sell it back and forth among the members of the pool ….. these essentially spurious transactions , accomplished with the sympathetic help of the specialist , would be so weighted that the price of the stock would begin to rise slightly .
In speculators ’ jargon , it would be “ active and higher ” … Thus the stock would be called to the public ’s attention , and the notion of making a quick profit in it planted in the public ’s mind .
The eager tape - watchers would gradually begin to buy – cautiously and tentatively at first , then as the activity continued to increase and the price to rise , more and more boldly .
Now the pool manager ’s operations would become more delicate .
On some days he would abruptly switch to the selling side , simply to create confusion ; then just when the public was about to decide the picnic was over , he would come back in with a torrent of buying that would sweep all along with him .
Finally , in a skillfully conducted manipulation , the thing would become self - sustaining ; the public would in effect take the operation over , and in a frenzy of buying at higher and higher prices would push the stock on up and up with no help from the pool manager at all .
That was the moment of the final phase …. often spoken of indelicately as “ pulling the plug . ”
With a mousiness in sharp contrast to the elaborate fanfare with which he had begun his buying , the pool manager would begin feeding stock back into the market .
The price would respond by turning downward , gradually at first , then more rapidly as the pool manager ’s trickle of sales mounted to a flood ; and before the public could collect its senses , the retreat would have become a rout , the pool wold have unloaded its entire bundle profitably , and the public would be left holding the suddenly deflated stock … .
Pool managers with some justification thought of themselves as artists … just as the best con men disdained to use violence , so the best pool manipulators disdained these artistically inelegant practices [ of planting rumors or arranging for favorable research to be published ] .
Their medium was the tape ; they took pride in their skill to make it and it alone create precisely the effect upon the public they wanted ….
To repeat , for practical purposes , there was nothing illegal about the pools .
Emulating 8051 serial port communication on Linux
The Intel 8051 is a microcontroller architecture that has many applications ( from hobbyists to industry ) and many incarnations ( Atmel , Infineon , NXP , … ) .
It is often necessary to communicate with the microcontroller through a serial port , with a program running on the 8051 and a program running on a computer .
In this case , I think it can be useful to emulate the connection without using a real 8051 chip and a physical cable ; this would speedup prototyping and development , while easing the debug phase .
The trick is to use socat to emulate a serial connection and uCsim to emulate an 8051 chip .
We will create a system like the one in figure :
These software components are needed :
socat : connects two communication channels of any type .
SDCC : the Small Device C Compiler .
uCsim : a simulator for many microcontrollers ( developed together with SDCC on sourceforge ) .
screen : among many other things , it connects to a terminal device ( minicom or gtkterm can be used instead ) .
In order to install everything on a Debian - based Linux system ( like Ubuntu ) run as root :
apt - get install sdcc sdcc-ucsim socat screen
Create a file called serialtest.c that will be the program running inside the 8051 emulator :
#include < mcs51/8051.h > # include < stdio.h > # include < ctype.h > char getchar ( void ) { char c ; while (! RI ) ; /* wait to receive */ c = SBUF ; /* receive from serial */ RI = 0 ; return c ; } void putchar ( char c ) { while (! TI ) ; /* wait end of last transmission */ TI = 0 ; SBUF = c ; /* transmit to serial */ } void UART_Init ( ) { SCON = 0x50 ; /* configure serial */ TMOD = 0x20 ; /* configure timer */ TH1 = 0xE6 ; /* baud rate 1200 */ TL1 = 0xE6 ; /* baud rate 1200 */ TR1 = 1 ; /* enable timer */ TI = 1 ; /* enable transmitting */ RI = 0 ; /* waiting to receive */ } void main ( ) { UART_Init( ) ; for ( ; ;) { char c ; c = getchar ( ) ; c = toupper ( c ) ; putchar( c ) ; } }
The program receives a byte at a time , and returns it to the sender converted into uppercase .
Compile the C program into a Intel Hex file :
sdcc - mmcs51 serialtest.c -o serialtest.ihx
The following command creates two pseudo - terminals ( tty1 and tty2 ) in the current directory ; the terminals are connected with each other like a physical serial cable .
socat -v -x PTY , link=./tty1 PTY , link=./tty2
The “ - v -x ” options print the bytes that are transmitted through the channel , indicating also the direction and the ASCII code .
Open another shell terminal , and execute the serialtest program using the uCsim 8051 simulator :
s51 serialtest.ihx -s ./tty1
The simulator connects to the first pseudo - terminal and then offers a prompt ; execute a “ run ” command to start the compiled program .
To connect with the simulator from the other side of the channel , open another shell terminal and run :
screen ./tty2
The program will connect to the second pseudo - terminal and will communicate with the 8051 program through socat .
By typing letters inside the screen , the terminal will display that letter uppercased by the 8051 program , and the exchanged data will be displayed in the socat log .
When it ’s time to migrate to real hardware the 8051 C program will remain the same , and the computer software ( in this case screen ) just needs to open a different terminal , like / dev/ttyS0 ( if using a RS232 connection ) or / dev/ttyUSB0 ( if using a USB cable ) instead of a pseudo - terminal .
45.447224 8.599690
Bone treats are real bones that have been processed , sometimes flavored , and packaged for dogs .
Giving your dog a “ bone treat ” might lead to an unexpected trip to your veterinarian , a possible emergency surgery , or even death for your pet .
Español
NOTE : FDA initially published this Consumer Update in 2015 , and has had information on this topic on its website since 2010 .
The agency regularly updates the number of reports around this time of year as a reminder to pet owners about the potential problems associated with giving bone treats or turkey / chicken bones during the holidays .
Many dog owners know not to toss a turkey or chicken bone to their dog ; those bones are just too brittle .
But the U.S. Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) says the risk goes beyond that , especially when it comes to the “ bone treats ” you may see at the store .
What ’s a Bone Treat ?
FDA has received about 68 reports of pet illnesses related to " bone treats , ” which differ from uncooked butcher - type bones because they are processed and packaged for sale as dog treats .
The reports were received between November 1 , 2010 and September 12 , 2017 .
A variety of commercially - available bone treats for dogs — including treats described as “ Ham Bones , ” “ Pork Femur Bones , ” “ Rib Bones , ” and “ Smokey Knuckle Bones ” — were listed in the reports .
The products may be dried through a smoking process or by baking , and may contain other ingredients such as preservatives , seasonings , and smoke flavorings .
So if you ’re planning to give your dog a stocking full of bone treats this holiday season , you may want to reconsider .
According to Carmela Stamper , a veterinarian in the Center for Veterinary Medicine ( CVM ) at the FDA , “ Giving your dog a bone treat might lead to an unexpected trip to your veterinarian , a possible emergency surgery , or even death for your pet . ”
Illnesses Reported
Illnesses reported to FDA by owners and veterinarians in dogs that have eaten bone treats have included :
Gastrointestinal obstruction ( blockage in the digestive tract )
Choking
Cuts and wounds in the mouth or on the tonsils
Vomiting
Diarrhea
Bleeding from the rectum , and / or
Death .
Approximately fifteen dogs reportedly died after eating a bone treat .
The reports , sent in by pet owners and veterinarians , involved about 90 dogs ( some reports included more than one dog ) .
In addition , FDA received seven reports of product problems , such as moldy - appearing bones , or bone treats splintering when chewed by the pet .
Tips to Keep Your Dog Safe
Here are some tips to keep your dog safe :
Chicken bones and other bones from the kitchen table can cause injury when chewed by pets , too .
So be careful to keep platters out of reach when you ’re cooking or the family is eating .
Be careful what you put in the trash can .
Dogs are notorious for helping themselves to the turkey carcass or steak bones disposed of there .
Talk with your veterinarian about other toys or treats that are most appropriate for your dog .
There are many available products made with different materials for dogs to chew on .
“ We recommend supervising your dog with any chew toy or treat , especially one she has n’t had before , ” adds Stamper .
“ And if she ‘ just is n’t acting right , ’ call your veterinarian right away ! ”
To report a problem with a pet food or treat , please visit FDA ’s Web page on “ How to Report a Pet Food Complaint . ”
back to top
The three - issue miniseries written by Ellis and drawn by Cully Hamner was a lean , mean , assassin - on - the - warpath thriller , about one old man proving that some things are best left alone .
But the movie version looks like a frothy romp .
Um , okay .
Advertisement
At first blush , the only response I 've got is , that does n't look like the comic book that I remember .
As I recall it , Red followed Paul Moses , a retired CIA killing machine who kicks back up to speed when the same bureaucracy that employed him decides he 's too dangerous to be left alive .
And then he kills the shit out of lots of people in grisly and interesting ways .
Of course , some things needed to be changed on the path from the page to the screen —
Red was n't a long comic , and Ellis himself will admit that a certain amount of embroidery needed to be done to the source material to , at the very least , get it up to a feature - film running time .
And the addition of the supporting characters played by Helen Mirren , Morgan Freeman , and John Malkovich is , on the surface , a fine choice : Surround Bruce Willis with that rich a cast can only yield dividends .
Advertisement
So the fact that Red seems to have become a sort of Grumpy Old Assassins does n't inspire confidence .
It could be fun , sure — and I hope it is — but not only does this not look like the book I remember , it does n't seem to retain the spirit of the book I remember .
Things change when they 're adapted — they have to , it 's right there in the definition of the word adapt — but the feel , the vibe , the spirit ought to remain intact .
Or it 's entirely possible that the flick does carry the same charge as the comic , but Summit does n't know how to market a film that does n't include the sparkly undead .
New Delhi , India ( CNN ) -- Caste and religion are potential headings on matrimonial columns of Sunday newspapers .
At times , matchmaking classifieds profile mystical birth - chart defects of the candidates .
In India , marriages are solemnized as a well - guarded union .
But the country has now moved to at least unshackle divorce .
Officials Friday announced measures to stem delays in seeking an early end to failed alliances .
India 's federal cabinet approved " irretrievable breakdown of marriage " as a ground for couples to part ways , information and broadcasting minister Ambika Soni told reporters .
Under original Hindu marriage laws , both estranged partners have to appear at court proceedings for settlement of their lawsuit for divorce by consent .
But it 's not uncommon for a petitioner to skip tribunal dates deliberately in order to keep the case dragging in India 's notoriously sluggish legal system , authorities acknowledge .
" This has been causing considerable hardship to the party in dire need of divorce , " Soni said .
Officials believe the new legislation , now due for clearance by parliament , will eliminate harassment of either party in the case and abuse of the existing law on dissolving marriages .
There was no official data on divorces immediately available , but matchmakers say four in 100 marriages fail in India .
With the country transforming into a modern economic powerhouse , divorce is increasingly seen as an acceptable way out of unsatisfying relationships .
" Divorce does n't seem to be biased any more .
It 's uniform among all castes , cities and income groups , " said Vivek Pahwa , the head of SecondShaadi.com , a marriage bureau for second - timers .
Pahwa 's portal aims at India 's internet - using divorcees , widows and widowers .
More than one - fourth of his clients , he says , are women , especially in jobs .
" It 's reflection of financial independence , " he said .
He was referring to a growing number of Indian women joining the workforce who he says refuse to remain trapped in unwanted marriages .
Indian laws allow limited one - sided separation .
Cruelty and desertion can serve as a premise for seeking divorce without consent .
Separately , the country has harsh laws to protect women , such as in cases of physical torture over dowries .
But data shows a surge in crimes against women .
Police across India registered 195,856 crimes against women in 2008 , up from 140,601 in 2003 , according to the National Crime Records Bureau .
Steve Jobs reports today that Apple is selling an iPad every three seconds .
This is a pretty urgent moment for my friends on the Kindle team , so here are some bonus thoughts on pricing , business models and competition :
1 . The paperback Kindle .
Do n't worry about touchscreens or color or even always available internet to download new books .
Make a $ 49 Kindle .
Not so hard if you use available wifi and simplify the device .
Make it the only ebook reader in town .
2. The Kindle as razor .
Buy any 8 bestselling books on the Kindle ( $ 10 each ) and get a paperback Kindle for free .
3. Kindle of the month club .
In the 1950s , the most powerful person in all publishing was the guy who chose the book for the book of the month club .
It did n't pay the author glamorously well , but if your book was chosen , it guaranteed people would talk and it would become a bestseller .
Sign up to get a Kindle book of your choice every month for 12 months and get a free Kindle .
Amazon presents you with ten book choices , and since the cost of delivering it is zero , there 's plenty of margin for all …
4 . Let publishers , leaders and corporations push PDFs and chosen books directly to their tribes via the Kindle .
For example , I could put Kindles in the hands of the 1,000 service techs of my ventilation company and they 'd see the new service manual daily .
Or an author could create her own version of a book club , collecting a monthly fee and pushing the latest book directly to people who want to read it .
Simpler still , how about letting me gift a book directly to anyone I know who has a Kindle ?
( thanks Lisa , for this idea ) .
The only way to get authors and publishers to embrace this device is to sell 20,000,000 of them .
You either become the best and only platform for consuming books worth buying or you fail .
And the only way to create that footprint in the face of an iPad is to make it so cheap to buy and use it 's irresistible .
I saw a two - year old kid ( in diapers , in a stroller ) , using an iPod Touch today .
Not just looking at it , but browsing menus and interacting .
This is a revolution , guys .
NATO Secretary - General Anders Fogh Rasmussen speaks during a joint news conference in Pristina May 21 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Hazir Reka / Files
OTTAWA ( Reuters ) - The Taliban is stronger than NATO expected but the international coalition in Afghanistan will make progress both militarily and politically this year , NATO Secretary - General Anders Fogh Rasmussen said on Monday .
Thousands of U.S. troops are being deployed in the southern province of Kandahar , a Taliban stronghold , as part of a new counter - insurgency strategy .
This month militants attacked Kandahar airfield and a big coalition base in Bagram .
“ I think we have to be honest and say they seem to be stronger now than we had expected when the international operation started back in 2001 , ” Rasmussen told the Canadian Broadcasting Corp. in a phone interview .
“ But we will continue our military operation and we will ... see momentum in 2010 , first of all because we have increased the number of international troops significantly and secondly , because the political process will move in the right direction , ” he said .
Afghanistan President Hamid Karzai has called a traditional gathering of elders to discuss the prospects of making peace overtures to some Taliban elements .
It starts this Wednesday .
NATO could back this process by providing enough security , said Rasmussen .
It was important that Kabul “ can negotiate from a position of strength and this is the reason why we have to continue a determined military effort , ” he added .
The Taliban announced an offensive from May 20 against the government , foreign forces and diplomats in Afghanistan in response to the plans for a Kandahar offensive .
“ The Taliban know that we are now aiming right at their heartland ... and they will do what they can to fight back because they know that if they lose here , it will be a devastating blow , ” said Rasmussen .
“ But I also have to say that both the Kandahar and Bagram attacks were -- militarily speaking -- failures . ”
( Reporting by David Ljunggren ; Editing by Frank McGurty )
Clark , who led last year 's expedition to the Afar region of northern Ethiopia , and UC Berkeley colleague Tim D. White , also said that a re-examination of a 300,000 - year - old fossil skull found in the same region earlier shows evidence of having been scalped .
-- The Yuma Daily Sun , June 13 , 1982
It is not to be thought that the life of darkness is sunk in misery and lost as if in sorrowing .
There is no sorrowing .
For sorrow is a thing that is swallowed up in death , and death and dying are the very life of the darkness .
-- Jacob Boehme
Your ideas are terrifying and your hearts are faint .
Your acts of pity and cruelty are absurd , committed with no calm , as if they were irresistible .
Finally , you fear blood more and more .
Blood and time .
-- Paul Valery
The author wishes to thank the Lyndhurst Foundation , the John Simon Guggenheim Memorial Foundation , and the John D. and Catherine T. MacArthur Foundation .
He also wishes to express his appreciation to Albert Erskine , his editor of twenty years .
Quotations
It ’s got the lucky gene ( Image : Tohoku Color Agency / Getty )
The hunt for lucky charms could be about to get a whole lot easier .
A gene that controls whether clover develops into the common variety with three leaves or the sought - after four - leaf type has been identified .
One four - leaved white clover ( Trifolium repens ) grows for every 10,000 three - leaved specimens ; other rare varieties have unusual leaf colouring and patterns .
How these different traits are inherited and how to select for them has long puzzled plant breeders and geneticists .
Previous work had suggested that the white clover ’s ancestors had had four or more leaves before it evolved a gene that blocks this trait .
Now a team from the University of Georgia in Athens and The Samuel Roberts Noble Foundation in Ardmore , Oklahoma , has found that four - leaf mutants develop with a variant of this gene that removes the block .
They also identified genes for a red marking and a herringbone pattern .
Advertisement
The work could help plant breeders develop new ornamental varieties or breed “ lucky ” four - leaf clovers routinely .
Beef farmers often add white clover to grass pastures because it provides protein and fixes nitrogen .
The researchers say that being able to select for plants with four leaves would provide more nutritious fodder .
Journal reference : Crop Science , DOI : 10.2135/cropsci2009.08.0457
Mark Dorosz heads up Integrity ’s Compliance Learning practice in New York .
He has spoken and been published as an expert in venues such SCCE , ECI , Masie , Brandon Hall and Learning 2.0 .
Mark has led projects that have won two Brandon Hall Gold Awards for Innovation in Learning and Best Compliance elearning .
During his 15 year tenure Mark has advised companies such as BNP Paribas , Walmart , Intel and American Express on their global compliance learning programs .
Ten years after President Bill Clinton announced completion of the first draft of the Human Genome Project , in June 2000 , its application to drug development is still , at best , a work in progress .
But while many genetics scientists outside the drug industry say the project has had few medical benefits , industry researchers urge a wait - and - see patience .
In fact , some of the first drugs based on genomic studies are now starting to reach the market .
Several new “ targeted ” cancer drugs , for instance , block the effects of genetic abnormalities that spur tumor growth .
A drug from the biotech giant Amgen , an osteoporosis treatment called Prolia , was approved two weeks ago .
The company got its initial clue for the drug by making different genes in mice overactive .
Mice with one particular overactive gene had unusually thick bones .
And the drug company Human Genome Sciences , founded in 1992 as the genome project was just getting under way , applied last week for approval of Benlysta , which could be the first new drug in decades for treating lupus .
That is nothing like the cornucopia of new drugs that some experts predicted the genome project would yield .
A decade ago , drug companies spent billions of dollars equipping themselves to harness the newly revealed secrets of human biology .
Investors bid the stocks of tiny genomics companies to stratospheric heights .
That “ genome bubble ” has long since popped .
And not only has there been no pharmacopeia , but some experts say the Human Genome Project might have at least temporarily bogged down the drug industry with information overload .
Global city
Alpha world cities ( full service world cities )
12 points : London , New York ,
10 points :
Beta world cities ( major world cities )
9 points : San Francisco , Sydney , Toronto , Zürich
8 points : Brussels , Madrid , Mexico City , São Paulo
7 points : Moscow , Seoul
Gamma world cities ( minor world cities )
6 points :
5 points : Bangkok , Rome , Stockholm , Warsaw
4 points : Atlanta , Barcelona ,
It has been argued that global cities are those sharing the following characteristics :
International , first - name familiarity ; whereby a city is recognised without the need for a political subdivision .
For example .
although there are numerous cities and other political entities with the name Paris or variations on it , one would say " Paris " , not " Paris , France " .
Active influence and participation in international events and world affairs ; for example , New York City is home to the United Nations headquarters complex and consequently contains a vast majority of the permanent missions to the UN [ 3 ] .
A fairly large population ( the centre of a metropolitan area with a population of at least one million , typically several million ) .
A major international airport ( for example , London Heathrow Airport ) that serves as an established hub for several international airlines .
An advanced transportation system that includes several freeways and / or a large mass transit network offering multiple modes of transportation ( rapid transit , light rail , regional rail , ferry , or bus ) .
In the West , several international cultures and communities ( such as a Chinatown , a Little Italy , or other immigrant communities ) .
In other parts of the world , cities which attract large foreign businesses and related expatriate communities ; for example , Singapore , Shanghai , Hong Kong , Tokyo , and Moscow .
International financial institutions , law firms , corporate headquarters ( especially conglomerates ) , and stock exchanges ( for example the London Stock Exchange , the New York Stock Exchange or the Tokyo Stock Exchange ) that have influence over the world economy .
An advanced communications infrastructure on which modern trans-national corporations rely , such as fiberoptics , Wi-Fi networks , cellular phone services , and other high - speed lines of communications .
World - renowned cultural institutions , such as museums and universities .
A lively cultural scene , including film festivals ( for example the Toronto International Film Festival ) , premieres , a thriving music or theatre scene ( for example , West End theatre and Broadway ) ; an orchestra , an opera company , art galleries , and street performers .
Several powerful and influential media outlets with an international reach , such as the BBC , Associated Press , Reuters , The New York Times , The Times , or Agence France - Presse .
A strong sporting community , including major sports facilities , home teams in major league sports , and the ability and historical experience to host international sporting events such as the Olympic Games , Football World Cup , or Grand Slam tennis events .
To some , London , New York City , Paris , and Tokyo have been traditionally considered the ' big four ' world cities – not coincidentally , they also serve as symbols of global capitalism .
However , many people have their own personal lists , and any two lists are likely to differ based on cultural background , values , and experience .
In certain countries , the rise of suburbia and the ongoing migration of manufacturing jobs to these countries has led to significant urban decay .
Therefore , to boost urban regeneration , tourism , and revenue , the goal of building a " world - class " city has recently become an obsession with the governments of some mid-size cities and their constituents .
The phenomenon of world - city building has also been observed in Buenos Aires , Santiago , Frankfurt , Montréal , Sydney , Mexico City and Toronto : each of these cities has emerged as large and influential .
Evidence of world city formation
Strong evidence
3 points : Athens , Auckland , Dublin , Helsinki , Luxembourg , Lyon , Mumbai , New Delhi , Philadelphia , Rio de Janeiro , Tel Aviv , Vienna
Some evidence
2 points : Abu Dhabi , Almaty , Birmingham ( UK ) , Bogotá , Bratislava , Brisbane , Bucharest , Cairo , Cleveland , Cologne , Detroit , Dubai , Ho Chi Minh City , Kiev , Lima , Lisbon , Manchester , Montevideo , Oslo , Riyadh , Rotterdam , Seattle , Strasbourg , Stuttgart , The Hague , Vancouver
Minimal evidence
1 point : Adelaide , Antwerp , Aarhus , Baltimore , Bangalore , Bologna , Brasília , Calgary , Cape Town , Colombo , Columbus , Dresden , Edinburgh , Genoa , Glasgow , Gothenburg , Guangzhou , Hanoi , Kansas City , Leeds , Lille , Marseille , Richmond , St. Petersburg , Tashkent , Tehran , Tijuana , Turin , Utrecht , Wellington
GaWC Leading World Cities ( 2004 Edition )
An attempt to redefine and recategorise leading world cities was made by PJ Taylor at GaWC in 2004 .
This ranking list is referred to as the Official GaWC List .
( full service world cities ) 12 points : Paris , Tokyo10 points : Chicago Frankfort , Hong Kong , Los Angeles , Milan , Singapore ( major world cities ) 9 points : San Francisco , , Toronto , Zürich8 points : Brussels , , Mexico City , São Paulo7 points : Moscow , Seoul ( minor world cities ) 6 points : Amsterdam , Boston , Caracas , Dallas , Düsseldorf , Geneva , Houston , Jakarta , Johannesburg , Melbourne , Osaka , Prague , Santiago , Taipei , Washington5 points : Bangkok , Beijing , Montreal , , Stockholm , Warsaw4 points : Atlanta , Berlin , Budapest , Buenos Aires , Copenhagen , Hamburg Istanbul , Kuala Lumpur , Manila , Miami , Minneapolis , Munich , ShanghaiIt has been argued that global cities are those sharing the following characteristics : ; whereby a city is recognised without the need for a political subdivision .
For example .
although there are numerous cities and other political entities with the name Paris or variations on it , one would say " Paris " , not " Paris , France " .
and world affairs ; for example , New York City is home to the United Nations headquarters complex and consequently contains a vast majority of the permanent missions to the UN [ 3 ] . ( the centre of a metropolitan area with a population of at least one million , typically several million ) .( for example , London Heathrow Airport ) that serves as an established hub for several international airlines .
that includes several freeways and / or a large mass transit network offering multiple modes of transportation ( rapid transit , light rail , regional rail , ferry , or bus ) .
In the West , ( such as a Chinatown , a Little Italy , or other immigrant communities ) .
In other parts of the world , cities which attract large foreign businesses and related expatriate communities ; for example , Singapore , Shanghai , Hong Kong , Tokyo , and Moscow . , law firms , corporate headquarters ( especially conglomerates ) , and stock exchanges ( for example the London Stock Exchange , the New York Stock Exchange or the Tokyo Stock Exchange ) that have influence over the world economy .
on which modern trans-national corporations rely , such as fiberoptics , Wi-Fi networks , cellular phone services , and other high - speed lines of communications . , such as museums and universities . , including film festivals ( for example the Toronto International Film Festival ) , premieres , a thriving music or theatre scene ( for example , West End theatre and Broadway ) ; an orchestra , an opera company , art galleries , and street performers .
Several powerful andwith an international reach , such as the BBC , Associated Press , Reuters , The New York Times , The Times , or Agence France - Presse. , including major sports facilities , home teams in major league sports , and the ability and historical experience to host international sporting events such as the Olympic Games , Football World Cup , or Grand Slam tennis events .
To some , London , New York City , Paris , and Tokyo have been traditionally considered the ' big four ' world cities – not coincidentally , they also serve as symbols of global capitalism .
However , many people have their own personal lists , and any two lists are likely to differ based on cultural background , values , and experience .
In certain countries , the rise of suburbia and the ongoing migration of manufacturing jobs to these countries has led to significant urban decay .
Therefore , to boost urban regeneration , tourism , and revenue , the goal of building a " world - class " city has recently become an obsession with the governments of some mid-size cities and their constituents .
The phenomenon of world - city building has also been observed in Buenos Aires , Santiago , Frankfurt , Montréal , Sydney , Mexico City and Toronto : each of these cities has emerged as large and influential .
Strong evidence3 points : Athens , Auckland , Dublin , Helsinki , Luxembourg , Lyon , Mumbai , New Delhi , Philadelphia , Rio de Janeiro , Tel Aviv , ViennaSome evidence2 points : Abu Dhabi , Almaty , Birmingham ( UK ) , Bogotá , Bratislava , Brisbane , Bucharest , Cairo , Cleveland , Cologne , Detroit , Dubai , Ho Chi Minh City , Kiev , Lima , Lisbon , Manchester , Montevideo , Oslo , Riyadh , Rotterdam , Seattle , Strasbourg , Stuttgart , The Hague , VancouverMinimal evidence1 point : Adelaide , Antwerp , Aarhus , Baltimore , Bangalore , Bologna , Brasília , Calgary , Cape Town , Colombo , Columbus , Dresden , Edinburgh , Genoa , Glasgow , Gothenburg , Guangzhou , Hanoi , Kansas City , Leeds , Lille , Marseille , Richmond , St. Petersburg , Tashkent , Tehran , Tijuana , Turin , Utrecht , WellingtonGaWC Leading World Cities ( 2004 Edition ) An attempt to redefine and recategorise leading world cities was made by PJ Taylor at GaWC in 2004 .
This ranking list is referred to as the Official GaWC List .
Well rounded global cities
Very large contribution : London and New York City .
Smaller contribution and with cultural bias : Los Angeles , Paris and San Francisco .
Incipient global cities : Amsterdam , Boston , Chicago , Madrid , Milan , Moscow , Toronto .
Global niche cities - specialised global contributions
Economic : Hong Kong , Singapore , and Tokyo .
Political and social : Brussels , Geneva , Strasbourg and Washington .
Jennifer Zdon for The New York Times
Reporting from Venice , La. , and the surrounding marshlands on the shortage of containment booms to defend the gulf coastline against the oil from the spill , my colleague Rob Harris and I got a ground - level feel for the organization of the spill response .
On one hand , an impressive rhythm had been established , with each day beginning with an 8 a.m. meeting in the trailer version of a conference room .
There , a dozen people each give a synopsis of the situation within their purview , leading off with a weather report .
The crisp condensation of information on operations , logistics , medical matters and the day ’s goals takes about 20 minutes .
On the other , for all of the declarations that the Coast Guard is in charge and that BP and federal officials want to be transparent with the news media , there are signs that the spill response command is not a clear top - down hierarchy .
When you add in the other players like the contractors , things work or they do n’t , reminding one of those old strings of Christmas - tree lights : one recalcitrant bulb can make the whole apparatus go dark .
In our case , we had set out to report on the work of Pete Parker of O’Brien ’s Response Management , whose boom repair shop has proved crucial because of the shortage of containment booms .
The story nearly went unchronicled because the security guards for Premier Industries , on whose dockyard the repairs were being made , ruled that the press passes issued to us by Coast Guard and BP security were not valid .
Video
Our guide , Chief Petty Officer John Kapsimalis , drove the 300 yards back to the main site and returned saying that everything was O.K .
But the guards continued to refuse access .
Finally , an open jeep appeared with four men who seemed in charge of that patch of ground .
They talked to Officer Kapsimalis and threw me a hard hat .
Then we were permitted to enter the dockyard — the same spot where we had met with Mr. Parker the day before without a problem — without interference .
Two days earlier , a representative of Heritage Environmental Services , a waste management company , was taking Rob along a beach on Grand Isle when he got a call from someone he said was his boss .
The message : stop giving out information to the reporter , and do not take him to the staging area where the waste from the cleanup is being assembled .
When we did get to cleanup venues , however , from Fourchon Beach to the marshlands of Pass - a - Loutre in the Mississippi delta , the cleanup effort was fascinating .
We watched people play out yards and yards of absorbent boom in the heat and humidity .
We saw the motley flotilla of “ vessels of opportunity , ” all of those fishing and pleasure craft drafted into the spill effort .
We saw a marshland invaded by oil and surrounded by yellow vinyl absorbent boom to keep the oil from spreading elsewhere .
And out in Blind Bay , perched on a pole that jutted from the water at least a quarter - mile from the nearest marshland , we saw one of the creatures on whose behalf the flotilla was engaged : a pelican , clearly oiled , making occasional efforts to spread its wings .
It moved very little until we were almost out of hearing , then lifted its beak skyward and uttered a dull croak .
BP said in a statement that the fire , which started after lightning struck the derrick  the familiar - looking tower used to lift the piping  was quickly extinguished , and there were no injuries .
But as a precaution , the containment operation was shut down for about five hours .
Image President Obama and Gov. Charlie Crist of Florida walked along Casino Beach in Pensacola Beach , Fla. , on Tuesday .
Credit ...
Charles Dharapak / Associated Press
The containment cap is still the most successful method BP has had in collecting some of the oil that has been leaking from the undersea well , and it has only been partly effective .
A series of attempts by BP to cap or plug the well before June 3 failed .
The new calculation of the flow of oil , if it holds up , suggests that BP ’s latest plans for capturing oil will be adequate , if only barely .
BP had only able to collect about 15,000 barrels a day at its peak with the containment cap , but the company has outlined plans to deploy new equipment so that it can capture a minimum of 40,000 barrels a day by the end of June , and a minimum of 60,000 barrels a day by mid-July .
If the new range of flow estimates proves correct , and if BP is ultimately found guilty of gross negligence in actions it took that led to the Deepwater Horizon disaster , that would mean the company could be assessed fines of up to $ 258 million a day .
Those fines could come on top of payments for cleanup costs and economic damage to Gulf Coast businesses .
Fearful that the spill could ultimately cost BP tens of billions of dollars , investors have driven the company ’s market valuation down by 48 percent since the spill began , erasing $ 91 billion of shareholder value .
BP shares rose more than 2 percent during regular trading on Tuesday , but then gave up all that gain and more in after - hours trading , following release of the new flow estimates .
In a separate development , BP started to make good Tuesday on a three - week - old promise , declaring that it would release $ 25 million to a group of universities to pay for research into the effects of the oil spill .
The is the first installment of $ 500 million that the company has pledged for a research effort lasting a decade .
Los nombres , tel�fonos y CURP de millones de mexicanos que dieron de alta su n�mero en el Registro Nacional de Usuarios de Telefon�a M�vil son ofrecidos por 500 pesos en un portal de internet
Video
Base de datos , un riesgo de magnitud inimaginable .
Los expertos aseguran que la fuga de datos y la filtración confidencial de información personal en otro país habría significado un escándalo
Ciudad de M�xico | Mi�rcoles 02 de junio de 2010
V�ctor Sol�s | El Universal
12:45
" to tease or torment by presenting something desirable to the view , and frustrating expectation by keeping it out of reach , " 1590s , with - ize + Latin Tantalus , from Greek Tantalos , name of a mythical king of Phrygia in Asia Minor , son of Zeus , father of Pelops and Niobe , famous for his riches , punished in the afterlife ( for an offense variously given ) by being made to stand in a river up to his chin , under branches laden with fruit , all of which withdrew from his reach whenever he tried to eat or drink .
His story was known to Chaucer ( c. 1369 ) .
Related : Tantalized ; tantalizing ; tantalizingly ; tantalization .
The literary agent Andrew Wylie said on Wednesday that he would begin his own publishing venture , called Odyssey Editions , which will produce e-book editions of titles by some of his clients , including Saul Bellow , John Updike and Philip Roth .
Mr. Wylie said his new company would focus on older titles whose digital rights are not owned by traditional publishers .
The books will be available exclusively at Amazon ’s Kindle store for two years .
In making the announcement Mr. Wylie opened a new front , and a possible negotiating tool , in a debate over e-book rights for what are called backlist titles .
Many traditional publishers have said they own the electronic rights to those books , but some authors and their estates have disagreed , arguing that since the books were published before e-books existed , the digital rights were not explicitly sold to the publishers .
“ The fact remains that backlist digital rights were not conveyed to publishers , and so there ’s an opportunity to do something with those rights , ” Mr. Wylie said in an interview .
U.S. Rep. Pete Hoekstra ( R - Holland ) was the only Michigan representative not to vote on the most recent extension of unemployment benefits .
The bill passed the House of Representatives with bipartisan support .
All Michigan Democrats voted for the bill .
Republicans were split -- Vern Ehlers and three other Republicans voted for it ; Republicans Dave Camp and Candice Miller were the only Michigan reps who said no .
The blog Think Progress reports Hoekstra , who is campaigning for governor , missed the vote because he was at a country - club fundraiser in Muskegon .
He also did not vote on a bill extending unemployment insurance earlier this week .
The Michigan Messenger posted the invitation to the event , which carried a VIP price tag of $ 250 a plate , and makes sport of the slogan on the letterhead : " On the job for Michigan . "
Recent polling shows Hoekstra trailing Attorney General Mike Cox in the race for the Republican nomination .
With Republicans divided on the issue of unemployment benefits , is Hoekstra playing it safe by skipping the vote ?
Washington ( CNN ) --
Top Senate Democrats called Tuesday for a sweeping overhaul of the nation 's corporate liability laws in the wake of the Gulf of Mexico oil disaster , arguing that companies currently have little incentive to make safety and environmental concerns a top priority .
Specifically , the senators blasted a 2008 U.S. Supreme Court ruling that cut the amount of punitive damages a jury awarded to victims of the 1989 Exxon Valdez oil spill by $ 2 billion .
They also criticized the 1990 Oil Pollution Act , which would potentially limit BP 's liability for economic damages incurred by the Gulf spill to $ 75 million .
Critics note that the amount is a small fraction of the cost a major oil spill like the Gulf disaster will inflict on communities .
At the same time , the senators sharply questioned an 1851 law limiting shipowners ' post - accident liability to the value of a sunken vessel .
Rig owner Transocean used the law in the days immediately following the April 20 explosion to attempt to limit its liability to $ 26 million .
The various measures were the focus of what became a heated hearing conducted by the Senate Judiciary Committee .
" No one 's life should become an asterisk in somebody 's cost - benefit analysis , " said Sen.
Patrick Leahy , D - Vermont , the committee 's chairman .
" Americans are angry .
...
We cannot let big oil companies play roulette " with the country 's environment and economy .
" If you 're engaged in drilling and can create this level of damage , it carries with it a responsibility that you accept liability for damage , " said Sen. Richard Durbin , D - Illinois .
" If you cannot accept that liability , stay the hell out of the business . "
The government needs to ensure it's in a company 's financial interest " to adhere scrupulously to the law , " declared Sen .
Sheldon Whitehouse , D - Rhode Island .
Right now , " corporations lack proper market incentives to act responsibly . "
The emotional high point of the hearing came when the brother of one of the 11 workers killed in the Deepwater Horizon explosion blasted BP chief Tony Hayward .
Christopher Jones , who had been asked to testify before the committee , highlighted Hayward 's recent remark that he wants his " life back . "
" Mr. Hayward , I want my brother 's life back , " Jones said .
" We will never get ( his ) life back . "
Critics of the current laws are largely backed by the White House , which has endorsed plans to lift the cap on damages that oil companies must pay for a spill .
" Oil companies should have every incentive to maximize safety , and arbitrary caps on liability create a disincentive to achieve that goal , " White House spokesman Ben Labolt said Monday .
BP has said it will waive the cap on damages and pay " all legitimate claims " as a result of the Gulf spill , the largest in U.S. history .
It says it has already spent more than $ 1 billion trying to corral the spilled crude .
i Report : Share your views on the oil disaster
The Judiciary Committee 's top Republican , Alabama Sen .
Jeff Sessions , also slammed BP on Tuesday , noting that the company racked up an average daily profit of $ 93 million in the first quarter of 2010 .
BP should be liable " up to the extent of ( its ) financial existence , " he said .
" They are not too big to fail . "
Sessions , however , also tried to turn the focus of criticism to the Obama administration , attacking the White House 's decision to implement a six - month moratorium on deepwater drilling .
The offshore drilling industry is responsible for nearly 200,000 jobs and $ 13 billion in annual non-tax revenues for states along the Gulf Coast , Sessions said .
Offshore drilling in the Gulf accounts for 30 percent of America 's domestic energy production , he noted , and most of the drilling is done at depths of over 1,000 feet .
Deepwater drilling is important to our " economy , jobs , and national security , " Sessions said .
He urged the White House to accelerate an ongoing review of safety procedures in order to allow for a more rapid resumption of drilling .
When the porn industry gets behind a tech , it tends to be a good sign .
When it deserts a tech ?
Yeah , that 's a bad sign .
Advertisement
So it 's not great news for Adobe when the founder of Digital Playground , one of the biggest adult studios in the US , states in no uncertain terms in an interview with Conceivably Tech that he hates Flash and will ditch it as soon as all major browsers support HTML5 .
Mobile browsers run HTML 5 very well .
Flash brings everything to a crawl and has an impact on battery life .
With HTML 5 , there is no reason to show our content in Flash .
We are waiting for browsers to catch up .
As soon as they are ready , we will move everything to HTML 5 .
Advertisement
So essentially , as soon as Internet Explorer gets around to fully supporting HTML5 , we 'll see at least one major porn studio ditching Flash .
And we know where the porn industry goes , the mainstream entertainment industry tends to follow .
[ Conceivably Tech via Slashdot ]
Science happens in funny places .
In this case I was in the back of a truck as number - crunchers in Vienna piped back massive amounts of data to a field near Stonehenge .
And what the archaeologists saw made them very excited .
Stonehenge dominates the Wiltshire landscape .
So it 's not a complete surprise that everyone from tourists to archaeologists tends to focus on the huge stones themselves .
But I was there filming the work of an international team lead by the University of Birmingham who are turning their back on the ancient monument and facing outward .
Examining the 14 sq km around Stonehenge itself .
Believe it or not about 90 % of this land is , in archaeological terms , a complete blank .
But that 's changing as researchers carry out the biggest archaeological survey of its type in Europe .
Not using shovels but instead scanners that can be dragged across the surface of the landscape .
Geophysics has revolutionised modern archaeology and this kit is the very latest gear , fresh out of the lab .
It can be attached to quad bikes , tractors and even 4x4's and gather data when driven at high speed .
This new technology means you can now cover a huge area in a short period of time and gather extremely detailed information .
It would n't even be possible to carry this sort of survey with a trowel .
No matter how many students you convinced to live in a tent for the summer .
The team was very excited when I was there by this black and white image .
It 's a scan of an existing barrow and in this image the archaeological team see a segmented ditch and 24 deep pits which they say would probably have been dug for timbers and a wooden structure .
A wooden henge .
The diagram on the right shows this more clearly .
The team say this is the most exciting discovery at Stonehenge for 50 years .
It means at its greatest the monument did n't stand alone in the landscape but instead there was another henge nearby looking down on it .
Interestingly this barrow has been investigated in the past .
But in those days people just dug straight down looking for the burial chamber and any ancient gold .
What this scan reveals is what 's going on outside the previous limited archaeological investigations .
And of course that 's true of this entire area that 's been scanned .
There 's still much more data to be analysed .
Who knows what the team will discover next ?
In the meantime the equipment is being packed up and is off to scan a series of archaeological sites across Europe .
UPDATE
For those that wanted more technical details about the work here you go .
The team are using a variety of techniques including ground penetrating radar ( GPR ) , magnetic surveys , resistivity and electromagnetic studies .
Traditionally GPR and magnetic studies involve a single user pushing or pulling a single detector over the ground to take the data .
But the team have been able to scale up the size of the detector four or five times and increase the speed they travel over the ground up to 6 mph which allows them to hook the detectors to tractors and similar .
Obviously speed will affect resolution .
But the team have managed to cover an area of fourteen square kilometres around Stonehenge in three weeks .
Since the equipment really is fresh out of the laboratory I do n't have technical specs for all of it .
But for the GPR detector we saw was operating at 250MHz which on this soil will penetrate to about 2 m with a resolution of about 5 cm .
UPDATE II
* ping !*
An email arrives from Scott Palmer correcting our use of the word henge when referring to Stonehenge itself in this story .
He explains that Stonehenge is so called because it looks like an old fashioned hangman 's scaffold .
Henge being a corruption of " hang " .
All other ceremonial monuments are called henges in tribute to Stonehenge .
But it does mean that technically Stonehenge itself is n't actually a henge .
Dear Fellow System Administrators ,
I like excitement in my life .
I go on roller coasters , I ride my bike without a helmet , I make risky financial decisions .
I treat my servers no differently .
When my Linux vendor releases security updates , I think : I could apply these patches , but why would I ?
If I did , I 'd have to coordinate with my users to schedule a maintenance window for 2 am on a Sunday and babysit those systems while they reboot , which is seriously annoying , hurts our availability , and interrupts my beauty sleep ( and trust me , I need my beauty sleep ) .
Plus , where 's the fun in having a fully - patched system ?
Without open vulnerabilities , how else would I have won a ton of money in my office 's Vulnerability Bingo games ?
How can I get in on some Vulnerability Bingo action , you ask ?
Simple : get yourself some bingo cards , be sure not to patch your systems , and place chips on appropriate squares when your machines are compromised .
Or , as a fun variant , place chips when your friends ' machines get compromised !
For the less adventurous , place chips as relevant Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures are announced .
What 's really great is the diversity of vulnerabilities .
In 2009 alone , Vulnerability Bingo featured :
physically proximate denial of service attacks ( CVE - 2009 - 1046 ) .
local denial of service attacks ( CVE - 2009 - 0322 , CVE-2009-0031 , CVE- 2009-0269 , CVE-2009 - 1242 , CVE-2009-2406 , CVE-2009-2407 , CVE-2009-2287 , CVE-2009-2692 , CVE-2009-2909 , CVE-2009-2908 , CVE-2009-3290 , CVE -2009-3547 , CVE -2009-3621 , CVE-2009-3620 ) coming in at least 5 great flavors : faults , memory corruption , system crashes , hangs , and the kernel OOPS !
And the perennial favorite , remote denial of service attacks ( CVE - 2009 - 1439 , CVE - 2009 - 1633 , CVE-2009-3613 , CVE-2009-2903 ) including but not limited to system crashes , IOMMU space exhaustion , and memory consumption !
How about leaking potentially sensitive information from kernel memory ( CVE - 2009 - 0676 , CVE - 2009-3002 , CVE - 2009-3612 , CVE-2009-3228 ) and remote access to potentially sensitive information from kernel memory ( CVE - 2009 - 1265 ) ?
Perhaps I can interest you in some privilege escalation ( CVE - 2009 - 2406 , CVE-2009-2407 , CVE-2009-2692 , CVE-2009-3547 , CVE-2009-3620 ) , or my personal favorites , arbitrary code execution ( CVE - 2009 - 2908 ) and unknown impact ( CVE - 2009- 0065 , CVE - 2009 - 1633 , CVE-2009-3638 ) .
Sometimes you get a triple threat like CVE - 2009 - 1895 , which " makes it easier for local users to leverage the details of memory usage to ( 1 ) conduct NULL pointer dereference attacks , ( 2 ) bypass the mmap_min_addr protection mechanism , or ( 3 ) defeat address space layout randomization ( ASLR ) " .
Three great tastes that taste great together -- and a great multi-play Bingo opportunity !
Linux vendors release kernel security updates almost every month ( take Red Hat for example ) , so generate some cards and get in on the action before you miss the next round of exciting CVEs !
Happy Hacking ,
Ben Bitdiddle
System Administrator
HackMe Inc .
~jesstess
Wikipedia : Traditional Santa Claus
Arctic ice extent continues downwards on the trend line started at the end of March , having lost a little over 1,000,000 km2 during April .
If that linear rate continues , the Arctic will be ice free around January 1 , 2011 .
That would be a complete disaster for Santa Claus and the billions of people who depend on him .
During the past month , Arctic sea ice has straddled between the NSIDC 1979 - 2000 average ( wide black line ) and the NSIDC 1979 - 2009 average ( wide turquoise line . )
The composite image below shows all four commonly used extent graphs – NSIDC / NORSEX / DMI / JAXA .
The thin turquoise line is NSIDC 2009 .
Note that the melt season is about three weeks behind the 2007 extent ( dashed ) line .
During the last few days , ice has begun to disappear from the Barents Sea .
The modified NSIDC map below shows loss of ice from one week ago , marked in red .
I wonder if any soot from Iceland is dirtying the ice ?
Hansen says that soot may be responsible for 25 % of all global warming .
The UIUC graph below provides a more detailed blow by blow of what is happening to ice area in the Barents Sea .
http://arctic.atmos.uiuc.edu/cryosphere/IMAGES/recent365.anom.region.6.html
The modified NSIDC map below shows loss of ice since the first week in April , marked in red .
The modified NSIDC map below shows changes in ice since May 2 , 2007 .
Green areas have more ice , and red areas have less ice .
The modified NSIDC map below shows areas of above “ normal ” ( green ) and below “ normal ” ( red ) ice .
The western Arctic is above average , and the eastern Arctic is below average .
Perhaps all the hot air from Copenhagen in December thinned the ice ?
During the past few summers , the low anomalies have been on the western side of the Arctic .
Note in the SST map below , that ocean temperatures are abnormally cold on the western side , which is likely to slow melt this summer .
http://weather.unisys.com/surface/sst_anom.html
The Arctic Oscillation is forecast to go negative again , which should inhibit melt in the Arctic and growth in my garden .
http://www.cpc.noaa.gov/products/precip/CWlink/daily_ao_index/ao.sprd2.gif
We are still about eight weeks away from the beginning of the really interesting melt season .
Stay tuned .
The Antarctic remains boring , staying average to slightly above .
No meltdowns or collapsing ice sheets to report this week .
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
As Seen On
Welcome to Tech Support Guy !
Are you looking for the solution to your computer problem ?
Join our site today to ask your question .
This site is completely free -- paid for by advertisers and donations .
If you 're not already familiar with forums , watch our Welcome Guide to get started .
Join over 807,865 other people just like you !
Store your cells alive , with their biological clocks stopped for an indefinite amount of time …
1. Sign up for the LifeNaut BioFile Project .
After an initial BioKit donation ( $ 99.00 / US domestic ) there is no charge for ongoing storage of your cell sample , however we would greatly appreciate your tax - deductible donations .
2 . We send you a bottle of mouthwash and a collection tube .
3 . You gargle the mouthwash , then send it to us .
We collect the live cells from your sample and store them at liquid nitrogen temperature ( - 190° C ) for an indefinite period of time .
4 . After you have been declared legally dead , future technology may be able to grow you a new body via ectogenesis and your mindfile may be able to be downloaded into it , enabling you to live on indefinitely .
Out on the water , it starts as a slight rainbow shimmer , then turns to wide orange streamers of oil whipping through the waves .
Later , on the beach , we witness a vast , Olympic - sized swimming pool of dark chocolatey syrup left behind at low tide , and thick dark patches of crude bubbling on the sand .
The smell of the oil on the beach is so strong it burns your nostrils , and leaves you feeling dizzy and headachey even after a few minutes away from it .
According to marine biologist Rick Steiner , my companion on a boat ride through the slick , this is the most volatile and toxic form of crude oil in the waters and lapping on to the beaches of Grand Isle , the area at the heart of the slowly unfolding environmental apocalypse that has engulfed Louisiana , and is now moving eastwards , threatening Mississippi , Alabama , and the Florida Panhandle .
Fifty - three days after BP 's ruptured well began spewing crude oil from 5,000 ft below the sea , the wholesale slaughter of dolphins , pelicans , hermit crab and other marine life is only now becoming readily visible to humans .
So too is the futility of the Obama administration 's response effort , with protective boom left to float uselessly at sea or – in the case of the Queen Bess pelican sanctuary which we visit – trapping the oil in vulnerable nesting grounds .
Steiner , 57 , a marine biologist from the University of Alaska and a veteran of America 's last oil spill disaster , the Exxon Valdez , says he is in the Gulf of Mexico " to bear witness " , and for days he has been taking to the beaches and the waters in a Greenpeace boat gathering evidence .
The first casualties on Steiner 's tour appear minutes after our boat leaves the marina and moves through Barataria Pass , prime feeding ground for bottlenose dolphins .
Several appear , swimming , eating , even mating in waters criss - crossed by wide burnt - orange streamers of oil .
All are at risk of absorbing toxins , from the original spill and from more than 1.2 m gallons of chemicals dumped into the Gulf to try to break up the slick , says Steiner .
" They get it in their eyes .
They get it in the fish they eat and it is also possible when they come to the surface and open their blowhole to breathe that they are inhaling some of it , " he says .
The Greenpeace crew turn up the throttle and the boat pulls up to the orange and yellow protective boom around Queen Bess island , which was intended as a haven for the brown pelican .
These birds , until recently , were on the federal government 's list of endangered species and were doing OK – but now that recovery appears to have been abruptly reversed .
A dark tideline of oil encircles the island , and has crept into the marsh grasses , where the pelican nest .
Many , if not most , of the adult birds had patches of oil on their chest feathers .
Nearly all are doomed , says Steiner , if not now , then at some point in the future .
" The risks in here to birds are not just acute mortality right here right now , " he says .
" There is mortality we wo n't see for a month or two months , or even a year . "
He points out a pelican standing so still it looks like it 's been made out of a slab of chocolate , another frantically flapping its spread wings to try to shake off the oil , and then another manically pecking at the spots on its chest .
" He could be a candidate for cleaning , and he may survive , " Steiner says .
" He obviously wo n't if he 's not cleaned . "
Rescue teams have plucked hundreds of birds from the muck .
But stripping oil from the feathers of stricken birds is a slow and delicate operation , and there is no assurance of the birds ' survival .
About a third of the rescued birds have died so far .
As we pull up to Queen Bess island , two crew boats are at work shoring up the two lines of defence for the island : an outer ring of orange and yellow protective boom intended to push the oil back out to sea , as well as an inner ring of white absorbent material that is supposed to suck up any of the crude that gets through .
Since oil began lapping at the Louisiana coast , the government has set down 2.25 m ft of containment boom and 2.55 m ft of absorbent material .
But local sports fishermen on Grand Isle complain response crews bungled the protection zone for Queen Bess because they only put a portion of the island behind the orange and yellow barrier boom .
That turned the boom into traps which pushed even greater quantities of oil onshore .
Steiner agrees : " I would say 70 % or 80 % of the booms are doing absolutely nothing at all . "
The efforts on the beaches seem equally futile .
By day workers in white protective suits march along the sands of the state park on the eastern end of Grand Isle , trying to suck up the oil .
But as the tide goes out there is only more oil to be found , and dozens of dead hermit crab that have struggled to flee to shore .
Steiner says he has seen it all before , after the Exxon Valdez went aground in 1989 , and then in other oil spills he has monitored around the world from Lebanon to Pakistan .
There is , he says , a drearily familiar pattern .
" Industry always habitually understate the size of a spill and impact as well as habitually overstate the effectiveness of the response . "
In the case of the Exxon Valdez , he says , the environmental impacts persisted for months or years after the tanker went aground .
That catastrophe , which saw 11 m gallons of crude dumped into the pristine waters of Alaska , occurred within the space of six hours .
This spill is much worse .
BP 's well on the ocean floor has been spewing greater volumes of crude oil into the water for 53 days .
Even by the administration 's most optimistic forecasts , it will keep gushing until August , and the clean - up could last well into the autumn .
" This is just the start .
It is going to keep coming in even if they shut the damn thing off today , " says Steiner .
CDDB : Feel the Pain
© 2003 Jamie Zawinski < jwz@jwz.org >
In case you did n't know , the file format that CDDB ( and FreeDB ) use is complete garbage .
In addition to random idiotic crap like it being impossible to unambiguously represent a song title that has a slash in it , it 's rocket science to figure out how long a song is supposed to be .
I need this info not only to display it in Gronk ( my MP3 jukebox software ) , but also for some error - checking that my CD - ripping scripts do , so that I do n't end up with truncated files if there was a crash or a full disk or something .
So get this .
CDDB files contain junk like this :
# Track frame offsets : # 150 # 18265 # 32945 # 49812 ... # Disc length : 3603 seconds # DISCID =... DTITLE =... ( You 'd think that the fact that it's in a comment would mean something , but no : you have to parse both comments and non-comments , begging the question of what they thought " comment " means . )
Those numbers are the starting sectors of each track on the disc .
There are 75 sectors per second .
So you convert those to seconds by dividing , and then find the length of each track by subtracting each from the previous .
Oh , but wait , they do n't give you the sector address of the end of the last track : for that one , it 's expressed in seconds instead of sectors , for no sensible reason .
Still , the info is there , right ?
Uh , almost .
It turns out that if the last track on a CD is a data track ( an ISO9660 file system ) then there is a gap between the last track ( the data track ) and the second - to - last track ( the last audio track . )
This gap is exactly 11400 sectors ( 152 seconds , 2:32 . )
On some discs , you can actually see this track , it 's a differently - shiny ring .
Why 's it there ?
I do n't know .
Why 's it that size ?
I do n't know .
What if the data track is not the last track on the CD ?
( Does that even work ? ) I do n't know .
So what this means is , when computing the length that a track should be , you have to subtract 152 seconds from the length of the second - to - last track , only if the last track is a data track .
How do you tell whether the last track is a data track , without having the CD in question physically in your computer ?
By hoping that the CDDB file contains the words " data track " in the title of that track , I guess .
Yeah , that 's reliable .
And , just to keep things interesting , it turns out that older versions of grip and cdparanoia did n't skip over this gap when ripping : instead , they would append 152 seconds of silence onto the end of the second - to - last track .
So now my script that sanity - checks the lengths of the files has to consider two different lengths to be " right " , since I now have CDs that were ripped both ways .
Whee .
I love love love supporting standards invented by 12 - year - olds .
Of course the reason that I use CDDB files at all in Gronk is because of the mind - blowing worthlessness of ID3 tags ( 32 character limits on titles , etc. )
Yay more standards invented by 12 - year - olds .
( Please do n't even mention ID3 v2 or Ogg .
I laugh at you , you silly person .
Those are universally - unsupported fantasies that simply trade one set of problems for a whole new set of problems . )
And as if CDDB was n't bad enough , FreeDB has taken the CDDB braindeadness and layered even more braindeadness on top of it : it is truly a thing of wonder .
For example , go ahead and try to ever have the " genre " field be something approaching reality -- oops !
The first person who ripped this CD said it was " folk " because that 's genre number zero !
So fix it and resubmit it to the database ?
Sorry !
You can't ever change the genre of an entry in the database after creation , since the genre dictates what directory the file goes in on their server .
And so on .
It 's a wonder anything works at all .
