cryptogon.com news – analysis – conspiracies
December 18th , 2007
They ’re just shredding the confetti into more confetti at this point .
Via : Bloomberg :
Money market rates tumbled after the European Central Bank injected an unprecedented $ 500 billion into the banking system as part of a global effort to ease gridlock in the credit market .
The amount banks charge each other for two - week loans in euros dropped a record 50 basis points to 4.45 percent , the European Banking Federation said today .
The rate had soared 83 basis points in the past two weeks as banks hoarded cash in anticipation of a squeeze on credit through the year - end .
“ These are strong - arm tactics intended to show the market they ’re seriously committed to breaking the deadlock , ” said Marc Ostwald , a fixed - income strategist at Insinger De Beaufort SA in London .
“ The ECB is helping to bankroll banks out of a problem that they themselves created . ”
The decline is the first sign attempts by policy makers to revive interbank lending are succeeding since the Federal Reserve last week announced the biggest coordinated central bank action since the Sept. 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks .
More than $ 70 billion of losses on securities linked to U.S. subprime - mortgages have left banks reluctant to lend to each other .
The ECB loaned a record 348.6 billion euros ( $ 501.5 billion ) for two weeks at 4.21 percent today , almost 170 billion euros more than it estimated was needed .
Bids were received from 390 banks , ranging from 4 percent to 4.45 percent .
The central bank first offered extra cash on Aug. 9 , when it lent 95 billion euros of emergency funds .
Banks also borrowed about 2.4 billion euros at 5 percent yesterday , the most since Sept. 26 , the ECB said .
The three - month euro - borrowing rate fell 7 basis points to 4.88 percent , down from near a seven - year high , the EBF said .
Posted in Economy Top Of Page
This article appears in the June 24 , 2005 issue of Executive Intelligence Review .
How To Build 6,000 Nuclear Plants
by 2050
We asked nuclear engineer James Muckerheide how many nuclear plants would be needed to bring the world 's population up to a decent standard of living , and how to do it .
Here are his answers .
In 1997 - 1998 , I made an estimate of how many nuclear plants would be needed in the world by 2050 .
It reflects an economy that is directed to provide the energy necessary to meet basic human needs , especially for the developing regions .
The initiative required is not unlike what the U.S. government did to build the nation : for example , to bring electric power to rural areas ; to provide transportation by building roads and highways and canals , and the intercontinental railroads , and airlines ; to develop water supplies and irrigation systems ; to provide telephone service , medical and hospital services ; and many other programs that were essential to develop an advanced society , and to lift regions out of poverty .
However , we need to do more to meet those needs , both within the United States and for the developing world , to bring those people into the economic mainstream , instead of leaving them to be just cheap sources of our labor and raw materials .
The Role of Nuclear Energy
My projections simply envisioned nuclear energy growing from supplying 6 % of world energy needs today to one third of the energy demand in 2050 , which was taken to grow by about a factor of 3 from 2000 .
But , of course , that begs the question : Can fossil fuels continue to provide energy at or slightly above present levels , to produce about one third of the energy demand in 2050 ?
And is it likely that hydro , wind energy , and other alternatives can provide the other third , which is also the equivalent of 100 % of today 's total energy use ?
So , nuclear power in 2050 would be roughly 18 times its current use .
This requires fewer than the number of plants I projected in 1997 , and is equivalent to about 5,100 1,000 - megawatt - electric ( MWe ) plants .
But nuclear energy must produce more than just electricity ; it must produce fresh water by desalination of seawater , hydrogen production to displace gasoline and diesel fuel for transportation , process heat for industry , and so on .
Note that , in this case , nuclear energy does not displace coal , oil , and gas .
About 200 % of current energy use would still have to come from fossil fuels and alternative sources .
If oil and gas production cannot be maintained up to about 100 millions barrels per day , this would require an even greater commitment to nuclear energy , especially if nuclear energy is needed to extract oil from tar sands , oil shales , and coal .
There are pollution - control and other cost pressures limiting supply that will make fossil fuels more costly in any event .
We need to consider this in the light that nuclear energy can be produced indefinitely at roughly the cost that it can be produced today .
The alternative is to continue " business - as- usual . "
These conditions are even now producing international conflicts over oil and gas supplies , large environmental pollution costs in trying to increase fossil fuel production , and high costs to try to subsidize uneconomical " alternative " energy sources .
This is leading the world into economic collapse , without adequate energy supplies , where the rich feel the need to acquire the significant resources of the economy , with growing disparities in income and wealth , even in the developed world , and frustration in the developing and undeveloped world from the limits on their ability to function economically .
Calculating Energy Demand
By 2050 , given current trends , world population will increase from today 's 6 billion - plus people to an estimated 9 to 10 billion people , with most of the increase coming from the developing world .
The current development in China , India , and elsewhere , indicates the enormous growth now in progress .
Today , if anything , such development projections may be understated .
The industrialized world per capita energy use may drop to 65 to 75 % of current use , with increased efficiency , however there will be greater energy demands for the new , non-electrical applications , using more energy to extract end - use energy such as oil and hydrogen .
The developing world will substantially increase per capita energy use , to 40 to 50 % of current use in the developed world .
Going from a bicycle to a motor scooter , may require only a few gallons of fuel per year , but it 's a large increment over the amount being used with the bicycle .
And motorbikes lead to cars .
Even in the last 5 to 10 years , there has been an enormous increase in vehicles , in China especially , and in other developing regions .
These are large population — more than 2 billion people — and their need for oil is becoming enormous .
Therefore , if we are to achieve a world that is providing the energy required for developed and developing societies , along with substantial relief of human suffering and deprivation , energy use will be around three times that of today .
Nuclear Energy is Competitive and Cost - effective
Nuclear power is currently competitive and cost - effective .
Numerous pragmatic current and recent construction projects around the world provide a strong basis for cost projections in the United States , Europe , and other locations that do not have current experience .
Electricity from available nuclear power plant designs is lower than current costs from recent coal and gas plants , and reasonable projections of electricity costs from future coal and gas plants .
There is a popular view that nuclear power is the high - cost option .
However , during the 1968 to 1978 nuclear power construction period , there were economic benefits even when there were almost 200 plants ordered and being procured and constructed , with massive construction costs .
All of those plants established strong competition with oil , gas , and coal , and the competitive pressure brought down the cost of fossil - fuel - generated electricity a great deal .
Ratepayers in the United States saved billions of dollars in fossil fuel costs over almost three decades .
Without the nuclear option , we have lost that competitive pressure .
Prices are not constrained by that competition and have been increased , along with increased demand for scarce oil , gas , and coal resources .
So , if we build nuclear power plants , even before a significant number of plants are operational , and especially if we have the ability to build plants in a timely manner , we will have an effect of reducing the excessive demand for , and costs of , coal and gas for providing electricity — to the benefit of the whole economy .
We must consider that as part of the economic equation that does n't presently exist in the way we evaluate nuclear power costs : the externalized benefits to society .
We know about calculating externalized costs , but we do not adequately calculate externalized benefits .
It 's time to do so .
Of course , people still consider the very high costs of the large nuclear plants ordered in the early 1970s .
But these suffered the unanticipated effects of high component and labor costs , design changes in process after the Three Mile Island accident , and long construction times with high financing costs .
Today , we are prepared to manufacture and pre-build modules , reducing construction schedules to limit that long - term financial exposure , even if there were increases in interest rates .
Future projects will undertake plant construction with approved designs , with " constructability " incorporated .
The current generation of early plants are simply artifacts of the historical first phase of nuclear power plant design and construction , just as the Ford Tri-Motor and the DC - 3 are artifacts of the first phases of passenger aircraft .
The Mass Production Road to 2050
Because the time frames for these construction requirements are long , and we need significant contributions to power supplies by 2020 , we can't just increase production exponentially to put a lot of the power on line in the decade from 2040 - 2050 .
We need a substantial amount of nuclear electricity before 2030 , and need to install a construction capacity that would produce a stable plant production rate for the future , to meet both a nominal energy growth and to replace old nuclear , and other energy plants .
Consider that China is building roughly one new coal plant per week now , and the United States has about 100 coal plants on the drawing board .
These plants and hundreds of others will need to be replaced after 2050 .
Obviously , we would install much of that capacity between 2030 and 2050 .
But to get from here to 2030 , we have to re-examine how we plan , and commit , to installing nuclear plants .
The current idea in the United States , of building one plant by 2010 , and 10 more by 2020 , is a long way from the needed 2,000 or so in the world by 2030 .
Fortunately , other countries are doing more to meet the need .
We have to commit now to manufacturing the pressure vessels and other large components in mass quantities , instead of waiting for future ad hoc contracts from individual companies .
Waiting leads to substantial overheads and delays to develop contracts , which are subject to the ad hoc process of integrating such plans into the production capabilities of vendors , with , again , rising costs and / or extended schedules , as negotiations are entered for limited production capacity , with high risks perceived for commitments to expand manufacturing capacity vs. the assurance that the industry will not collapse again .
Individual companies would still have to develop plans and contracts for new plants , but those plants would come from national policies that engage the developed and developing countries to commit to the production and installation of nuclear power plants to produce a large , worldwide plant manufacturing capacity .
We must also commit to working on evolutionary designs that can reduce the cost of current and future plants .
For example , current requirements for containment pressure and leakage , radiation control , including ALARA ( the as low as reasonably achievable standard ) , and so on , can be made more reasonable , along with designs that have less conservatism in design and analysis , without reducing nuclear power plant safety .
In addition to engaging the manufacturing industries directly , we must engage the major national and international standards organizations , and other international non-governmental organizations , in this effort .
A plan for rapid growth to a level long - term production capacity to support long - term energy growth and replacement of old plants and fossil fuels , would result in producing roughly 200 new units per year .
We can plan for 6,000 equivalent units , taking our present operating plant capacity as about 300 1,000 - MWe equivalent units ( from about 440 actual units ) .
There are about 30 units now in construction in the world , with construction times of five to six years , so we are now building about 6 units per year .
This will substantially increase in the next two to three years , so we can take something more than 10 units per year as a current baseline , and can plan for a rapid increase in current capacity to a level of about 200 units per year after 2040 .
We would use current and near - term nuclear power plant construction experience to adopt initial plant designs and major suppliers .
We would focus primarily on the required fuel cycle capacity and major component manufacturing , and primary materials and infrastructure , including the required people , to produce nuclear units more like the way we build 747s , with parts in modules being delivered for assembly from around the world , while moving to a more regional manufacturing strategy .
Note that " manufacturing " applies to on - site and near - site support of construction by producing major modules outside of the construction area of the plant itself .
The modules built on - site in Japan to construct the two 1,356 - MWe ABWRs ( advanced boiling water reactors ) in about four years , which came on line in 1996 and 1997 , weighed up to 650 tons and were lifted into the plant .
The World War II and TVA Precedents
We have the experience of the expansion of production capacity in a few years before and during World War II .
President Roosevelt anticipated the need , by engaging industry leaders before the U.S. entry into the war , including earlier production to support U.S. merchant marine shipbuilding , and to supply Britain and Russia using the " lend - lease " program .
Henry Kaiser built Liberty ships , which took six months before the war , delivering more than one per day .
The early TVA experience built large projects that integrated production and construction , with labor requirements and capabilities .
Unfortunately , as with many large organizations , the later management failed to fully understand and maintain the capabilities that were largely taken for granted as the historical legacy of the organization , with inadequate commitments to maintain that capability .
However , there are examples of maintaining those capabilities , in organizations like DuPont and the U.S. Nuclear Navy .
These principles must be applied .
In addition , our original nuclear power construction experience demonstrates that these capabilities are readily achievable .
Today there are 103 operating nuclear units in the United States , ordered from 1967 to 1973 .
There were about 200 units in production and construction by the late 1970s .
So , even with little management coordination — poor management by many owners and constructors , with plant owners , vendors , and constructors jockeying for position and running up costs in the marketplace — we were building about 20 units per year .
But we got ahead of ourselves .
Costs were driven up by competitive bidding and capital constraints , but more important , there was much lower electricity growth following the 1973 oil embargo , which had not returned to near pre-embargo rates as had been expected by many in the industry .
The then - existing excess baseload plant capacity was sufficient to satisfy the slower growth in demand for two decades , relying primarily on coal , which we have in abundance , and in the 1990s , by building low - cost natural gas - burning plants , when the cost of gas was low .
But that was an obvious failure to do competent planning , which has clearly exacerbated our current inadequate ability to provide for long - term energy needs of the U.S. and the world , with rising costs that will threaten the world economy .
The Industrial Gear - up Required for
Mass Production
What kind of industries would have to gear up — steel , concrete , new materials , nuts and bolts , and reactor vessel producers ?
The cornerstone of manufacturing for an accelerated program is in fuel supplies and reactor pressure vessels , along with steam generators and turbines , and large pumps .
Much of the piping and plumbing , power systems , cables , instrumentation and other systems , plus the concrete and steel for the containment and other buildings , are high volumes of materials , but these should be more readily met within the general industrial production of concrete and steel , and other industrial components and equipment .
This also contributes to redevelopment of essential production capacities that need to expand and to be retooled , along with reactivating substantial steel capacity .
The fuel supply is critical .
Initially , uranium mining can be substantially expanded .
However , high - grade uranium supplies will be exhausted , along with surplus nuclear weapons materials , requiring the use of lower - grade ores .
Ultimately , uranium can also be extracted from ocean water , at only about 10 times the extraction costs of lower grade ore , where it is replenished from natural discharges into the oceans .
Because , unlike other fuels , the cost of uranium is a relatively small fraction of the cost of producing nuclear energy , such an increase does not substantially affect the costs and advantages of nuclear power .
Extraction of uranium might be effectively done in conjunction with desalination plants .
Uranium from seawater , combined with breeder reactors , makes it clear that these resources are good for thousands of years .
The need for conversion and enrichment capabilities would be substantial , along with fuel assembly manufacturing , including the need to establish large - scale ceramic fuel manufacturing for the high - temperature gas reactors , and develop reprocessing facilities to extend uranium fuel supplies .
Initially , this would be done by making plutonium - uranium mixed oxide ( MOX ) fuels , and then later developing breeder reactor fuels .
India , for example , is developing a thorium - based breeder reactor to take advantage of its thorium resources , and limited uranium .
Production to Follow the Eurasian Land - Bridge
As to where the facilities would be located : The idea of Land - Bridge development applies here .
Today , pressure vessels are built in a few locations and transported around the world .
But in planning for necessary nuclear power plant construction , it would be rational to locate pressure vessel , steam generator , large pump and valve manufacturing , and other major component facilities relative to the major plant construction and transportation locations , along with steel sources .
These decisions would be made with the industries and countries that would produce the components .
Initially , two or more major pressure vessel facilities might need to be developed to be able to produce about 20 vessels per year .
These would be massive facilities .
With an initial target to ultimately produce 200 plants per year in the 2040s , we would decide later whether to develop 10 to 20 such facilities around the world , or to make larger and fewer facilities .
This will reflect the capabilities of the various companies that must do the work .
We can get that capability into simultaneous production .
We can construct the large PWRs in four to five years , even three - and - one - half years or so , and down to two years for the gas reactors , using factory production , and on - site manufacturing production of modules .
On - site plant construction is therefore more of an assembly process , as well as the construction process that we normally think of in building large concrete and steel structures and facilities .
Manufacturing facilities would be located with consideration of the known and anticipated locations of future power plants , steel suppliers , transportation capabilities , and so on .
A constructive competitive environment can be established to keep the system dynamically improving and reducing costs , with necessary elements of competition and rewards to the companies and people producing the components .
Strategic development and implementation of nuclear plants , like the Eurasian Land - Bridge concept , lies in building networks , not just building out linearly as the United States did in moving to join the East and West in building the transcontinental railroad .
It is more like the following period in railroad history , when simultaneous railroad lines were tying together the country ; for example , the north and south in bringing Texas cattle to the Chicago stockyards , supported by the telegraph with its ability to implement network communications .
The process is explicitly oriented to develop along a strategic path , rather than ad hoc plans to develop energy sources and communications around cities that grow as a result of a non-planned , non-networked , model .
To be more precise , in the 1800s the city - region was the network , even in large cities where water and power had to be brought from hundreds of miles away .
Today , intercity infrastructure needs to be integrated with intracity - regional systems .
Such strategic plans anticipate growth of large nodes that require substantial infrastructure , which rely on and include power requirements — as in industrial complexes and large cities of more than a few hundred - thousand people .
We can consider somewhat separately the mega-cities of 20 - plus million people that are being created .
They require an obvious , localized , large energy component , with a primary role for electricity , but with a heavy demand on the transportation capacity to supply the population and industries , and export the products of the cities .
The growing cities of an integrated industrial economy are networked by transportation and communications .
Electrification of the railways , and non-electric energy for heat , for example , to provide desalinated water , must be considered .
Electric grids also require that power loads be balanced , which further requires planning in a network strategy , instead of linear development as occurred in the early United States , where , even after the beginning of installing electricity , " the grid " was essentially localized to cities .
In building out a network , we can take a manufacturing mode with the construction of nuclear plants to supply the network that is growing an industrial economy , instead of a focus on the major cities , as occurred with the original U.S. electric power system development .
This fragmented result of ad hoc private decisions , responding to individual profit opportunities , had to later be fixed by government , including , for power , government agencies like the great Tennessee Valley Authority ( TVA ) , the creation of the Rural Electrification Administration , and so on , to bring the nation together .
As still is true today , this could not have happened effectively by leaving ad hoc decisions with the private financial interests , focussing on assured quick - return profit opportunities in individual projects .
It could be delivered by corporate America when given the opportunity , just as with the great dam projects , providing power and water for cities and irrigation , and even recreation , with the associated economic development of the American West .
So , nuclear power plant construction should be transformed from the mode of plant - by - plant construction of ad hoc projects , into a manufacturing - based strategy .
France is a prototype .
In 1973 - 1974 a national decision was made to build nuclear plants in convoy series , to make decisions on designs and to install those designs multiple times , with evolutionary enhancements in size , costs , and safety for future plants .
Many plants are put on line in a manufacturing planning mode , not constrained by plant - by - plant decision - making and plant construction mode only as individual project profits can be reasonably assured .
This allows the advantage of mass production , with programmatic commitments to make the vessels and major components to support a plant assembly approach .
Individual plants would be installed to meet the electric power market needs .
This is especially true of the modular gas reactors .
There are areas that have high power demands now — southern China for example .
In addition , there are developing areas extending inland to produce energy for local development along a Silk Road model .
Initial energy demands in such areas are not enormous , so that instead of large light water reactor plants , we could incrementally build dozens of modular units over decades , combined with evaluating power to eventually be fed to , and supplied from , the growth of the larger regional and national grid .
Installation sequences would dynamically respond , to both lead and follow growth .
We could build two or four plants in one location , and move down the road 200 miles and build two or four more ; then build two or four more at the original location as the demand grows .
This would be very responsive to local conditions and growing demand over time , while the central facilities would build units in a long - term planned strategy for a number of pressure vessels per year .
Although the 285 - MWe GT - MHR ( General Atomics ' gas - turbine modular helium reactor ) modular plants are small , compared to light water reactors , the pressure vessels are as large as 1,200 - MWe pressurized water reactors ( PWRs ) .
When , 10 or 20 years later , we need to expand the capacity to build pressure vessels , we will work with the manufacturers either to expand existing facilities or to select and develop other locations .
Political Framework : The Rai1roads as a Model
So , we have the intercontinental railroad model : Start at key nodes , and expand toward other nodes .
The railroad development in the United States is a paradigm .
It shows that we need a central strategy , to empower the private sector to build in the national interest .
The people doing the work were competing for contracts and building from , and developing , private industrial growth .
Meanwhile , President Lincoln and the Congress made national decisions to establish routes , resolve public domain issues , provide incentives , and so on , that were required to support that strategic development .
So , governmental direction and vision are needed , with private development , initiative and competition .
This has to establish the framework in which the private industries can compete and succeed , to implement that vision in the national economic interest .
COMSAT is another model .
Congress chartered a for - profit corporation to build a global system based on geosynchronous satellites instead of having to later fix a system that AT&T was ready to build based on low earth - orbit satellites with tracking - antenna to address the most profitable city links first , but would have left much of the world without satellite communications .
COMSAT also developed contracts with many nations for their own communications development .
We need a similar government vision now on behalf of the nation , and the world , as a whole , with an orientation to critical infrastructure , that recognizes the human and economic needs , that rely primarily on low - cost energy .
This does not need to be done by government directly , as was done , for example , with the TVA .
But it must reflect a vision that engages the private sector and the public , to inspire people to see that their future security and opportunities are going to be provided by adequate development and growth in national and world economies , that are geared to meet human needs .
Otherwise , we are all going to be in a real crisis .
That will become increasingly visible to the general public as our lack of adequate economic infrastructure , especially for energy supplies , with associated environmental and financial costs , as overwhelming the nation , and the world .
So , how do we proceed with this ambitious building and development program ?
We need both top - level direction and authorization , and private - sector initiatives .
Certainly , the fundamental decisions can only be made at the top .
An organization must be created that has the resources and authority to make plans and commitments .
But just how centralized that would be beyond the essential commitments and responsibilities for infrastructure planning and financing , how it works as a government / private sector implementation program , is flexible .
It does not have to be large .
Private initiatives can be authorized , directed , and supported by government , more like the transcontinental railroad development .
It was justified by national needs for mail delivery and military purposes , which also supported stage coaches and early airlines development , providing guarantees and funds for services .
Or it can be a more centralized government role , like the TVA development , but thinking of this like Admiral Rickover thought of it , in using the private sector and competition to build the U.S. Nuclear Navy :
Get the private sector to develop and deliver the technology , while government makes major strategic and programmatic decisions , contracting to undertake production capacity to meet demanding specifications and performance requirements .
We need a dynamic , competitive , management - driven enterprise , to prevent becoming trapped or captured by either private interests or self - serving government bureaucracies that do n't , or do n't continue to , perform well , either on the technology side or on the economic side .
Such failures leave the national interest hostage to self - serving organizations and financial interests , whether private or governmental .
Consider the building of the transcontinental railroads in the United States , where the Union Pacific and Central Pacific were chartered to do the job , with subsidies , but they had to raise their own money , with government direction and guarantees .
This was compromised in many ways , however , including buying Congressional support with Credit Mobilier stock for changes favorable to the owners , and so on .
That was not a clean process .
Thomas Durant , who headed the Union Pacific effort , saw that most of the wealth would be generated from developing the track - side land and resources .
The companies were n't making much progress on actually building the railroad , so Lincoln worked to shift incentives to have to build so many miles of track , and the company with the most miles of track at the end was going to make more money .
Without that , the Union Pacific would have built out only slowly , focussing more on developing the more valuable land resources .
So , for many years it was a substantial competition that had them going " hammer and tong . "
When they were building out , the Central Pacific was trying to get past Salt Lake City , Utah , to the coal deposits in the Wasatch mountains .
They failed to do that when they could only get to Promontory Point , where the railroads joined up .
But construction was being driven by rewards in obtaining such resources .
But historically , the transcontinental railroads , originally championed by Stephen Douglas , even with the major scandals , were a great and economically important success , as a national economic and political achievement .
They captured the imagination of the country .
Achieving a great project transcends such details , and provides for the generation of great wealth for the economy as a whole , for the nation and the world .
This wealth is greatly out of proportion to the costs from any such malfeasance .
So , there are lessons from considering where the interests and values are in developing an economy , beyond just thinking of it as a point A to point B transportation construction project , unlike ocean shipping .
Or the need to have airlines serve smaller cities as well as the large cities .
What a Nuclear Energy Initiative
Can Bring to the World
First , even though such a nuclear power enterprise is an enormous project to salvage the world energy lifeline and to limit conflicts , while being a primary economic development engine , it is just the core of the larger decisions to provide adequate energy from coal and other technologies , plus other critical infrastructure required to provide for the human needs of the developing and undeveloped world , and expanding productive wealth in the developed world .
In addition , such a nuclear power and / or energy technology development initiative is also a foundation of common science and technology , and common purpose , for the world .
It can be a model .
It is a national and international enterprise , founded on government and private industry participation .
It has the power to limit those non-productive machinations of both government and private financial interests that are in conflict , which constrain responsible government and private interests from working for greater general wealth and constructive progress for both the developed and developing world , while being enormously successful financially .
Nuclear power also has the advantage that it currently has a high international profile , and substantial , if relatively non-productive , ongoing national and international government organizations .
For example , the United Nations , especially with the International Atomic Energy Agency , the International Energy Agency , and the Non-Proliferation Treaty , which is essential to our need to safeguard uranium enrichment and plutonium production , plus many other institutional components .
The major industry organizations are also more coordinated and compatible , with technologies and capabilities that are more complementary than other equivalent industries .
In addition , such actual public / private mechanisms can transcend some of the destructive national conflicts and destructive financial conditions , to meet actual worldwide energy needs , and to actually implement essential nuclear power energy supplies to prevent world conflicts over energy — in the real world .
This can provide an initiative with a productive purpose that can push current non-productive governmental organizations to replace non-productive dialogue and make actual progress in meeting the human needs of the world .
With any success , these mechanisms can also contribute to models that can address other substantial national and international purposes , to engage the developed and developing nations to enable solutions , beyond current " policy discussions . "
These mechanisms can enable productive cooperation , along with healthy competition , that can enhance relevant technologies , and lower costs , instead of seeing little actual progress in major projects .
This can include basic infrastructure , health care , and drug delivery , education and communications , and so on .
These initiatives can constrain costs , and preclude destructive financing costs on developing and undeveloped nations .
The nuclear power enterprise can reduce the coming world energy conflicts , create wealth , and be a model to address the inability to deliver technology and services to the developing and undeveloped world and bring these societies into the economic mainstream .
This can be the primary economic engine , the wealth - generating machine , for the 21st Century .
James Muckerheide , the State Nuclear Engineer for the Commonwealth of Massachusetts , is a founder and President of Radiation , Science , & Health .
He is also director of the Center for Nuclear Technology and Society at Worcester Polytechnic Institute , which is working to establish a level playing field for decisions on the costs and benefits of nuclear technologies that are essential to human prosperity in the 21st Century .
A full version of this article will appear in the Summer 2005 issue of 21st Century Science & Technology magazine .
Shorl found .
Redirecting ...
You will be redirected to http://www.kucinichtv.com in a few seconds .
Click here to report abuse of this shorl , such as email spam , forum spam or other forms of misuse .
Muslims : Teddy Bear Protesters Don't Represent Us Muslim moderates speak out against the conviction of a British teacher in Sudan .
Dec. 1 , 2007  -- A Sudanese court convicted a British teacher this week of insulting Islam , and sentenced her to 15 days in prison , followed by deportation .
Her crime was allowing her students to name a teddy bear Muhammad .
In Sudan , thousands of angry protestors have hit the streets , carrying clubs and knives , calling for her execution , furious at what think is a lenient sentence .
The incident has outraged many in the West who cannot understand the severity of her crime .
Moderate Muslims have been swift to condemn the events in Sudan .
Daisy Khan , director of the American Society for Muslim Advancement , spoke to Bill Weir on " Good Morning America Weekend Edition " about how a school project escalated into a crisis over the Christian and Muslim cultural divide and why it should be seen only as fringe extremism .
Heresy or ' Faux Pas ' ?
" What we 're looking at here is a cultural ' faux pas , ' and there 's a political undercurrent that 's running through this furor , " said Khan .
She rejected the idea that naming the Teddy Bear Muhammad was inherently blasphemous .
" There is nothing sacred about the name Muhammad and anybody can use that , " she said .
The teacher , Gillian Gibbons , 54 , named the bear Muhammad at the request of one of the boys in her class who wanted to name it after himself .
Muhammad is the most popular name for Muslim children .
Typically , the name is reserved for people , but protestors feel that nonetheless Gibbons took the prophet 's name in vain and have turned her into a symbol of Western malice .
" I think that what we 're looking at is a difference of cultural expression , " Khan said , " because most Muslims revere their prophets and do n't name their prophets in vain .
Calls for Moderation
Khan rejected the idea that the protestors ' actions were appropriate for devout believers .
" The Sudanese people need to be reminded that the prophet always said that the greatest gift you can give your children is the gift of education , " Khan said .
In the United Kingdom , Muslim leaders were horrified about the incident .
" It 's very , very sad , very embarrassing for us , " said Dr. Ghayasuddin Siddiqui , leader of the Muslim Parliament in Great Britain , earlier this week .
" The Muslim community here has also expressed that this is simply unacceptable behavior from the Sudanese government , and I think the Sudanese have got to realize that this episode is doing immense damage to their credibility outside . "
Even in the Sudan , Islamic leaders have been speaking out .
" The greatest scholar in Sudan , Dr. Hassan al - Turabi , has himself condemned this , " Khan said .
" I think that 's an indication that Muslims no longer want to remain silent and do not believe in these extremist views . "
The AP contributed reporting to this article .
QR Code Link to This Post
Blah , Blah , Blah .
Yeah , that ’s you .
Work , work , work .
I ’ll let you in on my career .
I do , and I get fed for free .
In actuality , I ’m so bored , I track up sports cars for something to do .
Who gives a shit if you waste 4,000 gallons of water on a weekly basis ?
Oh , and by the way , cat in the asshat , it rains every day in Florida – it ’s my source of mud .
So , you ’re wasting your time .
And , if you actually paid attention , the pattern was after the moves in the Michael Jackson “ Thriller ” video with a little mix of the winning play in the Auburn Tigers / Florida Gators game .
Moron .
See above .
I takes me 3 trips .
Each paw holds 10 prints worth of mud .
40 rounds per trip , and I only dipped 3 feet on the third round , just to confuse you .
I ’ve killed off all the rodents long ago .
The squirrels and I signed a truce .
I ’ve fucked everything that walks around here ( somethingnever understand ) .
My singing voice is shot , but , I still hold the UFC ( Ultimate Fighting Cat ) title in the ‘ hood .
What have you accomplished lately ?
I just love to rub my balls on anything .
Next time , do 120 all the way home and get your car really warmed up , so I can get a good nut - sack dangle going .
I need to teabag the new calico that just moved in .
Did you catch the shit streak next to the E - Pass ?
That was fun .
That ’s funny .
You humans will freak the fuck out over one little scratch in your car , but then wear the ones on your back like a badge .
Bring it on , Mr. “ Bud Light Salutes YOU - High and Mighty Garageless Sports Car Washer ” I was born in the back of an orange truck in Frostproof .
I lived at the Florida ’s Best production center in Haines City my whole childhood , under the air compressor trailer .
I have earplugs , and I know how to use them .
Well , I could have hooked you up by just rubbin ’ on your ankles when you talk to her .
She digs that , and gets all mushy when I approve of male humans .
But you had to come on here , bash , and stir up a hornet ’s nest , and get everybody flagging shit and debating garages , packrats and whatever .
Ibe bought though .
Star Kist Select albacore , and leave the water in the can .
Every Tuesday without fail , on the first landing of your stairs .
Maybe , just maybe , I ’ll leave the precious car alone .
And .... if you want to hook up with my owner , I need catnip , about ¼ ounce a week – and it has to be crippie .
Got it ?
Luv , Tabby
This is getting ridiculous .
Two years ago , I wrote my first column celebrating the best indie games : small , offbeat titles , programmed usually by a single auteur and given away for free .
I figured I 'd make it an annual affair .
For 12 months , I 'd scour the net for independent games that had a spark – some innovative bit of design or gameplay – and gather a list of the top 10 .
But I 've decided it 's impossible .
This is not because I can't find any games to praise .
It 's because I can find too many .
Two years ago , the number of people making genuinely polished indie games was pretty small , numbering in the dozens or scores .
A single columnist could reasonably hope to sample the year 's offerings and make some picks .
But in the last two years , things have blown up spectacularly .
There are now hundreds and hundreds of superb indie games coming out every year , from creators in the United States , Japan , India , China and all points on the globe .
I 'm not counting the crap games , by the way .
Throw them into the mix and you 're well into the thousands .
No , I 'm talking about the good ones .
They 're now so numerous that I feel like Darwin , scrambling around the Galapagos Islands , frantically trying to catalog the explosively diverse life - forms .
Unlike Darwin , however , I 'm giving up .
This is the last " year in indie games " column I 'm going to write .
I 'm not even going to pretend to offer a list of " the best , " because even though I 've played hundreds of games throughout the year , I can't pretend to have played widely enough to determine the best .
I can tell you some of my favorites .
For sheer arcade - style action with a twist , I 've been enjoying the laser - zapping - with - mirrors fun of Cyclops and the unusual music game Synaesthete .
I lost several workdays to solving Bloxorz , a videogame iteration of an old school of logic puzzles ( with simply gorgeous sound editing ) , and Speck Oppression , a physics puzzle game that oscillates my frontal cortex into Zen mode .
For sheer narrative artistry – games that are less addictive thumb candy than tone poems you play once or twice , then meditate upon – I loved Psychosomnium .
So the question is , why are there so many great indie games now ?
I think it 's because the videogame industry has hit precisely the same maturation point that movies and music once hit .
Back around 1900 , movies began as tiny , indie affairs – hallucinogenic experiments maybe five minutes long .
In a few decades , though , moviemaking became industrialized , turning films into two - hour narratives that cost millions ( in today 's dollars ) to make .
The sheer expense of making a movie meant that producers had to stick to genres that were proven to work at the box office : westerns , romance , mysteries .
Experimental film died out .
But eventually , genuine auteurs got so sick of seeing the same , dull genres over and over again that they decided to buck the big - money system .
The first generation of inexpensive cameras let them make movies on the cheap ; with no stakes , they could do weirder , genre - busting films .
Thus were born the indie movies of the '60s and ' 70s – and that revolution helped rejuvenate all filmmaking , even big - budget stuff .
Movies took seven decades to hit that inflection point .
The music business hit it more quickly , with indie pop emerging in maybe five decades after the industry 's birth .
But games got there in only 25 years .
Just like movies and music , the movement is propelled by a new generation of kids who have easier technological access than ever before :
Flash broke the barrier down low , and game - development tools like Game Maker are becoming almost point - and - click easy .
Today 's indie gamemakers possess the desire to tweak the old genres , and an intuitive sense of the language and mechanics of play .
What 's more , there are now formal distribution avenues to encourage indie games – ranging from the many blogs devoted to them ( TIGSource , Indie Games , Jay is Games and many more ) to awards events like the Independent Games Festival and Slamdance Games .
Which is where I 'm going to leave you .
Indie gaming is a field that 's come of age , such that you can sample its enormous variety all year long .
The best - of column is dead .
Long live the best - of column !
- - -
Clive Thompson is a contributing writer for The New York Times Magazine and a regular contributor to Wired and New York magazines .
Look for more of Clive 's observations on his blog , collision detection .
Credit : Clark School of Engineering
Computers do n't grow on trees , but with a little prodding from engineers , nature can produce computer components .
At the University of Maryland 's A. James Clark School of Engineering , Ray Phaneuf , associate professor of materials science and engineering , has developed a template that nature can follow to produce " self - assembling " structures .
The template causes atoms to be arranged in a defined pattern that can serve a variety of purposes - a semiconductor in a laptop , a component in a cell phone or a sensor in a wearable device .
The idea of self - assembly in nature has long been known - crystallization is one such process ; the formation of shells into spirals is another .
However , researchers have been limited to the designs that nature already knows how to make .
Phaneuf 's work introduces a man-made template that nature then follows , addressing a number of manufacturing difficulties .
While we understand how to make working nanoscale devices , making things out of a countable number of atoms takes a long time , " Phaneuf said .
" Industry needs to be able to mass - produce them on a practical time scale . "
The template process can be used by device manufacturers to mass - produce tiny components rapidly and efficiently , reduce costs , shrink device sizes , and improve devices ' functionality in ways previously not possible .
" The same template can be used thousands of times , " Phaneuf said .
" This results in enormous savings . "
Phaneuf says his work is one step in a " cocktail " approach to computer assembly - an engineer 's dream in which one could " mix - up " a computer the same way one mixes a drink .
" Imagine you shake up a cocktail and spill it onto a table , " Phaneuf said .
" The liquid will collect in pools in a manner designated by nature .
" Now imagine that first you coated the table with wax and scraped a pattern into it .
Now when you spill the liquid onto the table , it collects in the pattern you scraped into the wax - it assumes the form you want it to take .
When we apply this idea to manufacturing nanoscale computer components , collections of atoms become ordered , accessible , controllable and reproducible - characteristics crucial to their use in high - tech devices . "
These devices could include those used in the growing field of quantum computing , which is believed to hold promise for tasks requiring massive computing power such as carrying out exceptionally difficult mathematical processes , Phaneuf said .
An application of the templates might be self - assembly of coupled quantum dots to form " qubits , " the building blocks of quantum computers .
According to Phaneuf , templating could be used to make the manufacture of this highly complicated system more feasible : " Addressing individual qubits might be done optically , to get around the problem of trying to wire them all up . "
Phaneuf 's work focuses on silicon and gallium arsenide components .
Silicon is the prevalent material for components in computers while gallium arsenide is used more often in cell phones .
The templates are created using photolithography ( a process akin to photography , in which the template is chemically developed after being exposed to light ) and etching , or by " nanoscraping , " in which an atomic force microscope is used to selectively scrape the pattern into the template .
Source : University of Maryland
Burgess Hill , England – Every morning on his walk to work , high school teacher Graham Wright recited a prayer and asked God for strength in the day ahead .
Then two years ago , he just stopped .
Wright said he was overwhelmed by a feeling that religion had become a negative influence in his life and the world .
Although he had once considered becoming an Anglican vicar , he suddenly found that religion represented nothing he believed in , from Muslim extremists blowing themselves up in God ’s name to Christians condemning gays , contraception and stem - cell research .
“ I stopped praying because I lost my faith , ” said Wright , 59 .
“ Now I truly loathe any sight or sound of religion .
I blush at what I used to believe . ”
Wright is now an avowed atheist and part of a growing number of vocal nonbelievers in Europe and the United States .
On both sides of the Atlantic , membership in once - quiet groups of nonbelievers is rising , and books attempting to debunk religion have been surprise best sellers , including “ The God Delusion , ” by Oxford University professor Richard Dawkins .
New groups of nonbelievers are sprouting on college campuses , anti-religious blogs are expanding across the Internet and , in general , more people are publicly saying they have no religious faith .
More than three out of four people in the world consider themselves religious , and those with no faith are a distinct minority .
But especially in richer nations , and nowhere more than in Europe , growing numbers of people are saying they do n’t believe there is a heaven or a hell or anything other than this life .
9/11 changed viewpoints
Many analysts trace the rise of what some are calling the “ nonreligious movement ” to the Sept. 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks .
The sight of religious fanatics killing 3,000 people caused many to begin questioning – and rejecting – all religion .
“ This is overwhelmingly the topic of the moment , ” said Terry Sanderson , president of the National Secular Society of Britain .
“ Religion in this country was very quiet until Sept. 11 , and now it is at the center of everything . ”
Since the 2001 attacks , a string of religiously inspired bomb and murder plots has shaken Europe .
Muslim radicals killed 52 people on the London transport system in 2005 and 191 on Madrid , Spain , trains in 2004 .
People apparently aiming for a reward in heaven were arrested in Britain last year for trying to blow up transatlantic jetliners .
And this month in Germany , authorities arrested converts to Islam on charges that they planned to blow up American facilities there .
Many Europeans are angry at demands to use taxpayer money to accommodate Islam , Europe ’s fastest - growing religion , which has as many as 20 million followers on the continent .
Along with calls for prayer rooms in police stations , foot baths in public places and funding for Islamic schools and mosques , expensive legal battles have broken out over the niqab , the Muslim veil that covers all but the eyes , which some devout women seek to wear in classrooms and court .
Religious militancy
Christian fundamentalist groups that want to halt certain science research , reverse abortion and gay rights and teach creationism rather than evolution in schools are also angering people , say Sanderson and others .
“ There is a feeling that religion is being forced on an unwilling public , and now people are beginning to speak out against what they see as rising Islamic and Christian militancy , ” Sanderson said .
Though the number of nonbelievers speaking their minds is rising , academics say it ’s impossible to calculate how many people silently share that view .
Many people who do not consider themselves religious or belong to any faith often believe , even if vaguely , in a supreme being or an afterlife .
Others are not sure what they believe .
The term atheist can imply aggressiveness in disbelief ; many who do n’t believe in God prefer to call themselves humanists , secularists , freethinkers , rationalists or , a more recently coined term , brights .
“ Where religion is weak , people do n’t feel a need to organize against it , ” said Phil Zuckerman , an American academic who has written extensively about atheism around the globe .
Fighting violent tenets
One group of nonbelievers in particular is attracting attention in Europe : the Council of Ex-Muslims .
Founded this year in Germany , the group now has a few hundred members and an expanding number of chapters across the continent .
“ You ca n’t tell us religion is peaceful – look around at the misery it is causing , ” said Maryam Namazie , leader of the group ’s British chapter .
“ We are all atheists and nonbelievers , and our goal is not to eradicate Islam from the face of the earth , ” but to make it a private matter that is not imposed on others , she said .
The majority of nonbelievers say they are speaking out only because of religious fanatics .
But some atheists are also extreme and want , for example , people to blot out the words “ In God We Trust ” from every dollar bill they carry .
Associations of nonbelievers are also moving to address the growing demand in Britain , Spain , Italy and other European countries for nonreligious weddings , funerals and celebrations for new babies .
They are helping arrange ceremonies that steer clear of talk of God , heaven and miracles and celebrate , as they say , “ this one life we know . ”
Behind believers
28 percent : Atheists with post - graduate degrees or professional training .
15 percent : Non-atheists with post - graduate degrees or professional training .
1.3 : Atheists ’ average number of children .
1.95 : Non-atheists ’ average number of children .
3 percent : Atheists who are “ strong Republicans . ”
16 percent : Non-atheists who are “ strong Republicans . ”
Source : 2005 Baylor University Religion Survey and Barna Group
# 38659 +( 2130 ) - [ X ] < wangsta` > damnit
< wangsta` > how the fuck do i turn that off
< wangsta` > everytime someone pastes a link it pops up
< @Ele|HW > oh ?
< @Ele|HW > http://www.goatse.cx
< wangsta` > I FUCKING HATE YOU
Ahh , cancer .
One learns so much from being diagnosed with a death - sentence disease .
Of course , 95 % of it is stuff you would rather not know , but that other 5 % is downright interesting .
For example , “ America ’s Next Top Model ” is much more fun to watch when you ’ve lost 15 pounds without trying .
During chemotherapy , vanilla smells good , but vanilla wafers taste disgusting .
And eyelashes really do have a purpose ; without them , my eyes are a dust magnet .
But the most compelling fact I learned was about my friends .
Not just what you would expect : how they cooked for my family and picked up my kids and took me to doctors and pretended not to notice how bad I looked and , most important , that I could not -- cannot -- survive without them .
No , what really shocked me was how many of my old , dear , married , parenting , job - holding friends smoke pot .
I am not kidding .
People I never expected dropped by to deliver joints and buds and private stash .
The DEA could have set a security cam over my front door and made some serious dents in the marijuana trade .
The poets and musicians were not a surprise , but lawyers ?
CEOs ?
Republicans ?
Across the ideological spectrum , a lot of my buddies are stoners .
Who knew ?
OK , I admit it , in college I smoked dope with the rest of them .
I mean , everybody was doing it -- an excuse I do not allow my children -- and at parties I did n’t want to be uncool .
Plus , I felt my only other option was alcohol , and the sweet drinks I liked were too fattening .
But that was a long time ago , and since then I have learned to drink bourbon straight , get high on life and appreciate the advantages of not doing anything you would n’t want your kids to do .
I thought all my friends felt the same .
Boy , was I wrong .
When I surfaced from my chemo haze enough to care about anyone else , I was curious .
Why do so many 40 - and 50 - somethings still get high ?
I asked my suppliers .
Pain was the No. 1 answer .
Not just the psychic angst of being mothers and fathers to teenagers , but real physical pain .
We ’re all beginning to fall apart , and for those who imbibe , a couple of tokes really take the edge off the sciatica , rotator cuff injuries , irritable bowel syndrome and migraines .
The second biggest reason was anxiety .
Perhaps we can blame politics for middle - age pot use : the war , the environment , the loss of our civil liberties , little things like that .
Obviously some of us use drugs to ease the lives of quiet desperation we never thought we would have back when we were getting stoned the first time .
Our drug use now is really the same as in college .
Then I got high to relax , to gain confidence , to forget I was an overweight , mediocre college student terrified of the future .
Now we get stoned to relax , forget our disappointing careers and mask our terror of not just our own future but the future for our kids as well .
Is it so different from my dad coming home from work and having a couple of martinis ?
Or my mother and those little prescribed pills she took when she felt “ nervous ” ?
At least -- we can rationalize -- marijuana is all natural .
I spoke to my oncologist about the pros and cons of marijuana use for cancer patients .
He said he was part of a study 25 years ago on the effects of pot on nausea , joint pain and fatigue caused by chemotherapy .
It worked then , he said ; it really helped some people .
But now they have great new drugs , such as Emend , dexamethasone and Ativan , that keep the nausea and other pain at bay .
He said the people who use pot now do it because they like it .
Or maybe they use it because they would rather support a farm in Humboldt County than a huge pharmaceutical conglomerate .
After chemo No. 1 , I was violently ill .
Anti-nausea drugs notwithstanding , I was hugging the porcelain throne .
My body did not want to be poisoned ; I guess it liked cancer better .
I was willing to try anything , so I lit up .
It helped .
A lot .
I collapsed on the couch , I zoned out watching “ Project Runway , ” I was able to take deep breaths without puking .
My 15 - year - old daughter was shocked .
The look on her face was proof that her elementary school D.A.R.E. program had really done its job .
A friend -- not a supplier or a user -- explained to her it was just to make me feel better and that if it worked , would n’t that be great ?
My daughter reluctantly agreed , but I knew she did n’t mean it .
I had come full circle in my life -- the next time I had a toke , I stood in my bathroom with the fan on , blowing smoke out the window , but instead of my parents , I was scared my kids would find out I was smoking dope again .
The biggest pain of cancer is the gnawing , scratching , bleeding dread that they did n’t find it all , that you did n’t go to the doctor soon enough , that it is growing out of control at this very moment .
My doctor recommended meditation .
Yeah , right , I thought , more time sitting quietly trying not to think about dying .
I had carpool for that .
Meanwhile , I lost all taste for alcohol .
Even half a glass of wimpy white wine could make me toss my cookies , so I turned to my friend Mary Jane occasionally , only when nothing else would do .
In the middle of one post - chemo night , my husband was out of town and I was sick and I got up and tried to get the little pipe lit and take one hit so I could maybe sleep .
My son heard me struggling and he came into my bedroom .
He lit the match for me and showed me where to put my finger on the “ carburetor , ” the hole on the side of the pipe , to make it draw .
I was too grateful to ask him how he knew all this .
He stayed with me until I felt better .
It was mother - son bonding in a new way .
Just another reason to say : Thank you , cancer .
Diana Wagman , a professor at Cal State Long Beach , is the author of the novels “ Skin Deep , ” “ Spontaneous ” and “ Bump . ”
From Blame It On the Voices , who needs mace when you have these items to protect yourself ?
I love how the priest looks the same in every picture .
And should n’t running away be the first step ?
You do n’t even have to wait for the priest to do anything .
Just run away .
Period .
( via Goosing the Antithesis )
[ tags ] atheist , atheism , Catholic , priest , scandal [ / tags ]
Superstar blogger and progressive political activist Markos Moulitsas Zuniga on Thursday urged his netroots compatriots in Michigan to vote for Mitt Romney next Tuesday .
No , the blogger has n't suddenly changed political affiliation ( he recently endorsed Barack Obama after senator Chris Dodd of Connecticut dropped out of the race . )
Rather , Kos wants to mess with the Republican party the way he says it 's messed with the Democrats in the past :
...
And we want Romney in , because the more Republican candidates we have fighting it out , trashing each other with negative ads and spending tons of money , the better it is for us .
We want Mitt to stay in the race , and to do that , we need him to win in Michigan .
Two polls the last couple of days show a tight race : Strategic Vision ( R ) shows Romney within striking distance with 20 percent to McCain 's 29 ( Huckabee is third with 18 ) , while Rossman Group shows Huckabee with the lead – 23 percent to Romney 's 22 and McCain 's 18 .
Now here 's the thing – without a real Democratic contest on the ballot , and a lack of party registration in Michigan , this is an open primary .
Anyone can pick up a Republican ballot .
So Michigan Democrats and independents who want to see the Republican battle royale continue should just take a few minutes on Tuesday , January 15th to cast a ballot for Mitt Romney in the Republican primary .
If you know someone in Michigan , send them the email I 've included below the fold .
If you do n't know someone in Michigan , send the email to your liberal friends and see if THEY have friends in Michigan .
Get the word out , whether by blog , mailing list , MySpace or Facebook page , or whatever .
If we can help push Mitt over the line , not only do we help keep their field fragmented , but we also pollute Romney 's victory .
How
" legitimate " will the Mittster 's victory look if liberals provide the margin of victory ?
Think of the hilarity that will ensue .
We 'll simply be adding fuel to their civil war , never a bad thing from our vantage point .
Members of the blogosphere met the proposal with a mixed reaction .
Someone 's actually taken Moulitsas ' request to heart and immediately founded a
Facebook group , with a grand total membership of one .
Meanwhile , Philip Barron of the blog Waveflux writes :
" The Great Orange Satan commands his minions to prop up a reeling Willard Romney so he can survive the Michigan primary .
Someone 's blurred the distinction between " crashing the gate " and " trashing the place , "
apparently .
But hey , it 'll be " fun . "
And the Repubs do it all time , so , so , so there !
The older I get , the less impressed I am with hyperpartisanism .
From any quarter . "
Over at MyManMitt , a Republican blogger was n't sure what to make of the call .
And a progressive blogger at Blue Mass .
Group does n't think it 's a good idea :
A bunch of the comments to kos 's post protest that it 's morally " wrong "
to do this .
I disagree with that – people vote strategically all the time , including Mitt himself , if you believe his story , which would make doing this kind of a poetic justice .
But I 'm just not sure it 's good strategy .
Romney is , indeed , a tragically lame figure right now .
Maybe it 's best to keep him that way .
__Image : __DailyKos
Los Angeles , CA - The RIAA is considering adding RFID tags to CDs to ensure that the CD is always with the buyer .
With the tracking device , the RIAA and its member labels can make sure the CD buyer has n't loaned a CD to a friend , or is playing it in an unregistered device .
" Since we can't stop sharing in the virtual world , we might as well take a crack at stopping it in the real world , " said Mitch Bainwol , Chairman and CEO of the RIAA .
" Before you can play the CD , you must log on to their website and register all addresses where you plan to use the CD .
The CD buyer can enter up to three addresses and three registered listeners .
Those locations and people will then be added to our RFID / GPS database for tracking purposes , " said Bainwol .
The plan would also require all new CD players to have GPS and RFID hardware installed to help stop piracy .
Future plans would include a matching RFID chip implanted into the neck of the buyer .
Related News RIAA Updates Mission Statement to Reflect Priorities Top 11 Ways to Avoid Being Sued by the RIAA RIAA Reanimating Dead Musicians to Eat Brains of File Sharers Brandon Carter of Savannah , Georgia , who is one of the three people left in the US who still buys CDs , was upset by the plan .
" I do n't trust the RIAA with that information .
If they get hacked , I do n't want everyone to know I take my Shakira CD into the bathroom with me . "
The increased cost of adding the tracking technology should be minimal .
It should , at most , only add another 5 or 6 dollars to the current price of CDs .
Story Options : Related Discuss Share Print
WASHINGTON , July 18 — For six years , Vice President Dick Cheney has guarded the secrecy of the discussions and participants in his energy task force , which produced a report in May 2001 calling for accelerated development of domestic oil and gas supplies to deal with the nation ’s energy needs .
Now , thanks to an unidentified former White House official who provided The Washington Post a partial list of individuals , companies and groups that met with the task force , it is possible to identify with greater precision who may have influenced its deliberations .
The list bears the names , The Post reported Wednesday , of nearly 300 people and organizations that met with the vice president or his staff during the months that the task force was preparing its report .
It is not , however , the complete accounting that Congress and some environmental groups have demanded .
It has long been known that the oil industry was well represented at the task force meetings and found a receptive audience in Mr. Cheney , who had spent five years as chief executive of Halliburton , a leading oil - field - services company .
He was given the energy assignment by President Bush , who himself had had a career in the oil business .
For years , it is a wonder that Volkswagen managed to produce any cars at all .
Europe 's biggest automobile company , and the leading symbol of corporate Germany , was embroiled in a widespread scandal involving sex , bribery and pleasure trips , the scale of which the continent has not seen before .
In a courtroom investigation in Braunschweig in Lower Saxony , in the north west , details of the € 2.5 m affair have been unfolding and the nation has been poring over the lurid details .
They involve a string of expensive hookers , sex parties and expense - account shopping trips which took place over the best part of a decade , endorsed by a management keen to buy the support of union officials and the shopfloor at a critical time for the company .
The scandal has claimed the scalp of the personnel director Peter Hartz - who was convicted at a trial last year - along with two senior managers and the chairman of the powerful works council .
Last Wednesday the excitement of the courtroom reached fever pitch following the arrival - appropriately in a black VW Tiguan , driven by his wife Ursula - of the patriarch of Germany 's car industry and VW 's current chairman , Ferdinand Piech .
He was the company 's chief executive between 1993 and 2002 when the alleged offences took place .
Piech is also at the centre of Porsche 's current nail - biting takeover of Volkswagen .
He is also a man said to be so involved in the detailed running of the company that during his time as chief executive he decided the colour of the car dashboards and had informants tell him what was going on across the company .
Prosecutors hoped the appearance of Piech - not under investigation and called only as a witness - would mark a turning point in the trial .
He is giving evidence in the corruption trial of Klaus Volkert , a former head of the VW works council charged with receiving about € 2 m ( £ 1.3 m ) in illegal bonuses as well as paid holidays for Adriana Barros , his Brazilian mistress , and Klaus - Joachim Gebauer , a former VW personnel manager accused of endorsing the payments to Volkert .
But Piech , 70 , a grandson of Ferdinand Porsche , the luxury car 's founder who also made the Volkswagen , or People 's Car , for Adolf Hitler , referred to the slips of protocol which led to the brothel and slush - fund affair as mere ' irregularities ' about which he had ' not been aware ' .
The ' irregularities ' cover a host of alleged abuses that took place worldwide , from Barcelona to Seoul , Prague to Delhi .
Managers endorsed a company slush fund to pay for high - class prostitutes and to sponsor the mistresses of trade union officials , as well as regular visits to brothels , cash gifts for wives and even free supplies of Viagra .
There also existed an illegal network of front companies set up to channel money from VW suppliers abroad .
According to the defence team in the trial , the reward system - which came to light in 2005 when a VW insider revealed that it had been going on for a decade - was sanctioned from on high .
On one VW trip to Lisbon in 2003 , a Brazilian prostitute was ' ordered ' by a senior manager who requested a ' young and lively dark - skinned girl ' .
He was so impressed by her performance that she was flown first - class to Paris and delivered to the George V Hotel , where the executive was attending a board meeting .
On another occasion , wives of works council members were given gift vouchers for the luxury chain Hermès and taken on a shopping spree in Paris .
In court last week a secretary to Gebauer , the former VW personnel manager who is in the dock on charges of abetting breach of trust , was close to tears as she told of her distress at having to ' go beyond my call of duty ' and , at the behest of her boss , look for a flat in Braunschweig where union leaders could go for their trysts with prostitutes .
' I found it really very unpleasant , ' said the 41 - year - old secretary named only as Silke W .
She described finding a flat with an underground garage and a lift that went to the door of the sixth - floor flat to ensure the men 's privacy .
Once she had secured the flat , she was then given the task of arranging the decor .
The Social Democrat MP Hans - Jurgen
Uhl , a member of the works council until 2006 , who has already been fined for his involvement , told the court that on works council trips ' everything was centred on the number one topic ' - sex .
At the heart of the matter is a system which has delivered decades of harmonious labour relations - Mitbestimmung , or co-determination - in which workers and unions are involved in the workings of management and its decision - making .
Advocates of co-determination say this model of social consensus helps raise productivity and enables Germany to maintain a large manufacturing base - making it the envy of countries like Britain .
Critics say it is open to abuse , as the VW imbroglio seems to bear out .
During his day in court Piech pointed out that the company , which he had found in a ' catastrophic state close to collapse ' when he took over as its chairman , had been transformed into a success story .
The implication was that the ' irregularities ' were a small price to pay if they contributed to such a turnaround .
But the case has enraged millions of ordinary Germans , understandably smarting at the lurid reports of ostentation and sleaze after several years in which they have been forced to face wage freezes and welfare cuts .
And they are well aware that the glory days - when VW made cars for the masses rather than rivalling luxury brands like Mercedes and BMW - are over .
While giving evidence , Piech , who is reportedly Germany 's highest paid executive , rubbed salt into the wound with his rebuke to a lawyer over his mispronunciation of the name Lamborghini , the luxury sports car which is part of the VW group .
' Everyone who buys a Lamborghini can pronounce the name just as he likes , ' Piech said .
' But those who ca n't afford one should say it properly . '
The case continues this week when Piech 's successor as CEO , former VW head Bernd Pischetsrieder , is due in the witness box .
John C. Kiriakou , who helped lead the team that caught the Qaeda operative Abu Zubaydah in Pakistan in March 2002 , went public on ABC News this week with such a message .
He said he saw intelligence reports saying that waterboarding , a technique that induces a sense of suffocation , had caused Abu Zubaydah to start talking after 35 seconds .
But Mr. Kiriakou , a 43 - year - old father of four who left the agency in 2004 , also said in an interview that he believed waterboarding was torture and should never be used again , because “ we Americans are better than that . ”
He added : “ I think the second - guessing of 2002 decisions is unfair .
What I think is fair is having a national debate over whether we should be waterboarding . ”
Legal hazards were on the minds of Bush administration officials from the beginning of the response to 9/11 .
The 2002 Justice Department interrogation opinion laid out some defenses interrogators might use against criminal accusations of torture .
“ The administration ’s success in preventing attacks has become its enemy , ” said John Yoo , the former Justice official who wrote most of the 2002 opinion .
Since then , he added , “ The political environment has changed because people feel the threat is less than it used to be . ”
Mr. Yoo ’s legal opinions , though criticized as seriously flawed by some scholars , may nonetheless provide impenetrable armor for C.I.A. officers .
From the beginning , wary agency officials insisted on what they called “ top cover ”  written Justice Department approval for what they did .
Most legal scholars say that even under a future administration , the Justice Department would not seek charges against C.I.A. officers for actions the department itself had approved .
Another obstacle to such prosecutions would be the laws passed by Congress in 2005 and 2006 granting extensive legal protection for authorized conduct .
But the videotape destruction may not have such protection ; the episode recalls the adage of Washington scandals  that it ’s not the crime , it ’s the cover - up that leads to trouble .
To keep his site ’s forums free of spam , Mr. Frind has refined a formula for analyzing customer feedback and arriving at a determination of whether a given forum post is spam and should automatically be deleted .
He has also devised some new software twists that enable him to offload work to his customers , letting users review the photos that are uploaded to the site .
Mr. Frind says that close to 50,000 new photos come in every day , each one of which needs to be checked to verify that it is an actual person and that it does not not contain nudity .
The work would be costly if Mr. Frind relied on a paid staff to do it .
Fortunately for him , there seems to be an inexhaustible supply of humans eager to look at pictures of other humans , and Mr. Frind taps his customers to carry out the reviewing , gratis .
Some have made it their principal pastime .
Among Plenty of Fish ’s volunteers were 120 who last year evaluated more than 100,000 images each .
He explains his volunteers ’ enthusiasm for the work as an expression of gratitude : “ Lots of people feel like they want to give back to the site because it ’s free . ”
Plenty of Fish displays banner ads , Google - supplied ads and , most profitable of all , “ affiliate ” marketing links that send users to other dating sites .
For example , Mr. Frind said , when one of his customers clicks on an advertisement for a book titled “ Double Your Dating ” and , after being sent to the publisher ’s Web site , ends up buying it for $ 40 , the publisher pays Plenty of Fish a commission  of $ 40  for the sale , glad to have landed a customer that past experience shows is a good prospect for “ upselling ” other goods and services related to dating .
For all that Mr. Frind has accomplished , his site looks puny when compared with Craigslist , which has built a mighty automation engine tended by only a handful of people .
Craigslist ’s personals draw about six million unique visitors a month , more than any other dating site , and its listings for all categories generate 10 billion page views a month .
It covers 450 localities in 50 countries around the world  with only 25 employees .
It is among the top 10 busiest English - language sites , but the customers who enjoy its free listings , like Plenty of Fish ’s , must serve themselves or seek assistance from others .
“ Anything that represents customer hand - holding represents a failure of site design , ” said Jim Buckmaster , Craigslist ’s chief executive .
“ We try to make changes to the site to make the problem go away . ”
BOTH Plenty of Fish and Craigslist have created sites that run almost completely on their own , but in different ways .
Craigslist has no commercial messages other than listings , and it collects fees only for a minuscule slice of its posts .
It charges employers for jobs listings in 10 of its 450 cities , and brokers for apartment listings in New York City .
All other listings are free .
“ To most of our users , ” Mr. Buckmaster said , “ it ’s a mystery how we make money . ”
At Plenty of Fish , there is no mystery : a large square of advertising sits in the middle of most profile pages .
Its success demonstrates that many consumers will tolerate , and even embrace , advertising when a site offers a free service for which others charge membership fees .
Mr. Frind has found that rare business in which the profits gush in , whether or not he leaves his hammock .
Biologists and villagers in a remote corner of the Amazon rainforest were searching for a 12 - tonne whale yesterday that had reportedly lost its way and become stranded 1,000 miles from the ocean .
The five - metre long ( 16ft ) creature , which biologists said was probably a minke whale , became stranded on a beach on the Tapajos river , 39 miles from the city of Santarem .
Environmental experts said the whale had probably become separated from its group in the Atlantic Ocean , off northern Brazil , after falling ill or being hit by a boat .
The whale appeared to have entered the Amazon near the city of Belem before reaching the Tapajos , a tributary of the Amazon .
Efforts to rescue the animal began on Tuesday , after local fishermen contacted environmental officials in Santarem by radio .
On Thursday biologists arrived at the scene by boat and isolated the sandbank .
Residents of Piquiatuba , an isolated settlement of about 70 families in the Amazon state of Para , also helped to try and free their unexpected visitor , splashing water onto its skin to protect it from the scorching sun .
Images broadcast on Brazilian television showed dozens of fishermen and curious locals crowded together in the river around the whale 's large grey fin .
On Thursday night after rescuers managed to free the whale it disappeared into the waters .
Environmentalists used helicopters and boats to try and find the whale , without success .
" What we can definitely say is that it lost its way , " Fabia Luna , a government biologist involved in the rescue , told Globo television .
" It entered the river , which on its own is unusual .
But then to have travelled around 1,500 km is both strange and adverse . "
" It is very atypical [ to find ] a whale in Amazonia , " Katia Groch , a whale expert from the Instituto Baleia Jubarte ( humpback whale institute ) , told the Folha de Sao Paulo newspaper .
" It may have lost its way , perhaps because of illness .
We will only know when we can examine it . "
Although the whale 's presence was only confirmed this week , Daniel Cohenca , the regional head of Ibama , Brazil 's environmental agency , said it may have been in the region for up to two months .
In recent weeks residents near the Tapajos river are said to have become alarmed at the presence of an unidentified animal .
Some locals had ordered their children not to swim in the river after rumours spread that a " big cobra " had been spotted .
" There are people who just do n't understand how this kind of animal survived in fresh water , " said Cohenca .
Rescuers fear that , alone , the whale will have difficulty returning to the Atlantic .
" It is outside of its normal habitat , in a strange situation , under stress and far from the ocean , " said Groch .
" The probability of survival is low . "
Notice also that this is n't the ticking time bomb case that Charles has previously invoked to defend torture .
There was no imminent threat to hundreds of thousands of people ; we had no way of knowing for sure that Zubaydah had any knowledge of such a devastating threat ; and we have no independent way of knowing whether the information he allegedly gave up under torture was factually accurate .
And so in the initial cases of torture under this administration , we discover it was used simply because we had no good intelligence of future threats ; and we decided to use torture for a fishing expedition .
So much for the rare exception to the rule .
The defenders of torture are always saying that it can be used " judiciously " and in extremely limited circumstances , that it can be controlled within the executive branch ; that it need not metastasize into a broader policy , and need not trickle down to others .
But from all the facts we now know , this executive decision to rescind the Geneva Conventions began with cases that were already beneath the " ticking time bomb " scenario , and within months spread like wildfire across every theater of combat , including every major branch of the armed services , leading to scores of deaths in interrogation , almost casual if brutal torture of ( often innocent ) suspects in Afghanistan and Iraq , secret torture sites in Eastern Europe , God knows what in outsourced torture in the grim redoubts of Uzbek , Syrian , Jordanian and Egyptian police states , and , of course , the excrescence of Abu Ghraib , which Bush had the gall to say he had nothing to do with .
So when you look at what torture has done already to the United States , we see that every bad scenario that those of us who oppose torture feared has actually come about .
And we have no independent evidence that it has solved anything , or saved any lives , except the self - serving statements of those who authorized it .
And the truth is : we will probably never know .
If they are cynical and brazen enough to destroy incriminating tapes , they are cynical and brazen enough to destroy any evidence within the executive branch that could prove that their torture policy has failed .
If this is n't a form of tyranny , annexed to torture , what is ?
And if the executive branch can simply get away with it , and have serious commentators defend the president 's trashing of the Constitution as necessary to fulfill his oath of office , we really have left the rule of law behind in the ditch .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
SAN FRANCISCO , Oct. 28 — Shai Agassi , a Silicon Valley technologist who was in competition to become chief executive of SAP , one of the world ’s largest software companies , has re-emerged with a grand plan to reinvent the world ’s automobile industry around battery - powered all - electric cars .
Others are developing green cars , like the Tesla and Chevrolet Volt .
However , Mr. Agassi is not planning to make cars , but instead wants to deploy an infrastructure of battery - charging stations in the United States , Europe and the developing world .
The new system will sell electric fuel on a subscription basis and will subsidize vehicle costs through leases and credits .
“ We ’re basically saying this is just like the cellular phone model , ” he said .
“ If you think of Tesla as the iPhone , we ’re AT&T . ”
From yesterday ’s White House Press Briefing :
Q But what he says what he ’s doing is against the terrorists , that is necessary to preserve stability there against terrorist organizations ?
[ White House Press Secretary Dana ] PERINO :
We do not believe that any extra-constitutional means were necessary in order to help prevent terrorism in the region .
And that ’s why we are deeply disappointed with the actions , and we asked them to not do it .
Q Is it ever reasonable to restrict constitutional freedoms in the name of fighting terrorism ?
MS . PERINO : In our opinion , no .
Even when George W. Bush tells the truth , he cannot quite bring himself to tell the whole truth .
Although the White House released a new National Intelligence Estimate on Iran ’s pursuit of nuclear weapons , indicating that the Iranians shut down their program more than four years ago , the president treated those conclusions as a vindication more than an embarrassment .
With the usual propagandists filtering the NIE to conceal their mistakes , it is worth reproducing a few of the new report ’s most salient quotes .
“ We judge with high confidence that in fall 2003 , Tehran halted its nuclear weapons program , ” said the NIE text , reflecting a strong consensus among the nation ’s 16 intelligence agencies .
“ Tehran ’s decision to halt its nuclear weapons program suggests it is less determined to develop nuclear weapons than we have been judging since 2005 . ”
Now it is encouraging to learn before , and not after , a military invasion that the vaunted weapons of mass destruction do n’t exist , thereby possibly avoiding loss of life , treasure and national reputation .
Considering that the Bush regime remains in charge , such a reversal of events can only be regarded as progress .
But the abrupt unveiling of the new intelligence estimate , which so bluntly refutes the president ’s recent remarks about “ World War III , ” raises fresh questions about him and his administration .
Actually , they are the same old questions that have plagued us since the invasion of Iraq .
What did they know and when did they know it ?
And in neither case have those questions been addressed with sufficient candor .
Was President Bush aware of the evidence that Iran had stopped pursuing nuclear weapons — what he calls “ a great discovery ” by U.S. intelligence — when he made those comments about a third world war in the fall ?
According to the president , he learned about those findings only a week ago , when the director of national intelligence briefed him .
Or so he claimed during his press conference on the subject .
Yet his own national security adviser , Stephen Hadley , told reporters that the president had first learned of the NIE findings “ a few months ago ” — which means that the White House knew its alarmist rhetoric was wrong as early as late summer .
Curiously , The Washington Post reports that U.S. intelligence agencies intercepted information about the discontinued Iranian nuclear program sometime in July , and passed that data on to White House officials , presumably in the National Security Council .
The top officials who knew the truth early on must have included Vice President Dick Cheney , a man notorious for demanding raw intelligence on Mideast issues ( and for distorting that information to fit his own policy preferences ) .
Late in October , the vice president delivered a demagogic speech in Washington on the Iranian nuclear threat .
“ Our country , and the entire international community , cannot stand by as a terror - supporting state fulfills its grandest ambitions , ” he said , adding that Tehran “ continues to practice delay and deceit in an obvious effort to buy time . ”
When he uttered those words , did Cheney believe that he could rewrite or suppress the new NIE ?
Trying to understand why both he and the president continued to promote false perceptions of Iran is mystifying .
Sometimes their behavior raises real concern about their own capacity to perceive reality — as when the president insisted repeatedly that Saddam Hussein had refused to let U.N. weapons inspectors into Iraq .
Now the president is claiming that his administration reached out to the Iranians in 2003 , but that those gestures were rebuffed following the election of Mahmoud Ahmadinejad .
His account is wrong , of course .
The regime that preceded Ahmadinejad sought better relations with the United States on several occasions between 2001 and 2003 — but neoconservatives in the White House rejected those efforts because they have long cherished the notion of a military strike against Tehran .
So much for those bloody daydreams .
There is no way to justify bombing Iran .
Although the president declares that the new NIE justifies everything he has said and done and proves that Iran is a danger to humanity , his old policies are discredited and defunct .
So is the war rhetoric of Republican presidential candidates like John McCain and Rudolph Giuliani and their advisers .
That does n’t necessarily mean there is no potential problem in Iran , or that the Iranian leadership will not someday decide to use its nuclear facilities for nefarious purposes .
It means that the next president will have to engage Iran in negotiations that will someday lead to normalized relations — and renew the American commitment to nonproliferation .
Joe Conason writes for the New York Observer ( www.observer.com).
Making Crimea 's brief album giveaway look on a par with turning up at a Bring A Bottle party with the same half - bottle of Drambuie you pinched from the last one you went to , Ooberman are currently giving away their entire back catalogue .
For , like , free .
They 're either very , very generous ; very , very hacked , or have just drunk a half bottle of Drambuie .
Billing records show that former Senator Fred Thompson spent nearly 20 hours working as a lobbyist on behalf of a group seeking to ease restrictive federal rules on abortion counseling in the 1990s , even though he recently said he did not recall doing any work for the organization .
According to records from Arent Fox , the law firm based in Washington where Mr. Thompson worked part - time from 1991 to 1994 , he charged the organization , the National Family Planning and Reproductive Health Association , about $ 5,000 for work he did in 1991 and 1992 .
The records show that Mr. Thompson , a probable Republican candidate for president in 2008 , spent much of that time in telephone conferences with the president of the group , and on three occasions he reported lobbying administration officials on its behalf .
Mr. Thompson ’s work for the family planning agency has become an issue because he is positioning himself as a faithful conservative who is opposed to abortion .
Earlier this month , Mr. Thompson disputed accounts by the group ’s former president and others , saying through a spokesman that he had “ no recollection ” of doing anything to aid the group ’s efforts to overturn a rule banning federally financed clinics from dispensing information about abortion to pregnant women .
At most , said Mr. Thompson ’s spokesman , Mark Corallo , he “ may have been consulted by one of the firm ’s partners who represented this group . ”
Yahoo is arguing out of both sides of its Web portal by urging a San Francisco federal judge to dismiss a lawsuit on behalf of Chinese dissidents jailed and allegedly tortured when the Internet concern identified the subversives to Communist authorities .
The Sunnyvale , California conglomeration said in a filing late Monday that the American courts are not the proper venue to challenge the help the Internet company provided the Red government to nail the dissidents .
In short , all Yahoo did was follow Chinese law , according to Yahoo , and has the First Amendment right of speech to deal with the Communists .
Therefore , the search engine can't face a lawsuit for financial damages in the United States under a U.S. statute allowing foreign victims of torture to sue for damages in American courts , Yahoo said .
" This is a lawsuit by citizens of China imprisoned for using the Internet in China to express political views in violation of China law .
It is a political case challenging the laws and actions of the Chinese government , " Yahoo told the court .
" It has no place in the American courts . "
Yet two years ago , while citing the First Amendment , Yahoo went to the U.S. courts in a bid to prevent it from having to pay millions in fines levied by a French court for allowing French citizens to barter Nazi paraphernalia on its auction site _ a practice against French law .
" This is extremely ironic .
They 're saying free speech protections apply to Yahoo , but they do n't apply to the Yahoo users of the Internet , " said Morton Sklar , a lawyer for the World Organization for Human Rights USA who is one of the dissidents ' attorneys .
A Yahoo spokeswoman said the company was not immediately prepared to comment .
In the torture case , Yahoo complied with Communist authorities and turned over documentation concerning Wang Xiaoning , who is doing 10 years for advocating Democracy on the Internet , and journalist Shi Tao , handed the same sentence for publicly disclosing press restrictions in the aftermath of Tiananmen Square .
Yet Yahoo fought the French in U.S. courts to protect its own First Amendment right to allow users of its auction site to trade Nazi goods .
Ahead of a key hearing in the San Francisco - based 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals two years ago , Yahoo attorney Mary Wirth said in an interview that a Paris court 's monetary fines were piling up because of the Nazi memorabilia issue .
Yahoo , she said , wanted the American courts to rule on whether Yahoo's free speech rights under U.S. law would protect it from having to pay the $ 15 million French fine , which was growing daily with interest .
" We need to be able to determine whether or not we have an obligation to comply , " Wirth said .
" Because if we can't get early word from the court about our compliance obligation , we 're in a Catch 22 between choosing censorship or letting fines accrue . "
Eventually , the appeals court skirted answering .
The court ruled the case was moot because the Paris courts had not moved to claim the multi-million - dollar penalty .
First Amendment or bottom line ?
It appears that Representative ( and Senate candidate ) Mark Udall will be introducing a resolution on Monday which would seek to condemn Rush Limbaugh 's obscene attack on the integrity and patriotism of American service members .
I would n't expect this resolution to pass , as I do n't expect many -- if any -- Republicans to vote for it .
But from my perspective , the point of this resolution is n't to receive a majority vote , or even really to condemn Limbaugh .
After all , a great number of us in the Democratic Party do n't believe that the United States Congress should be in the business of " condemning " the speech of American citizens .
As I see it , the point of this exercise is : 1 ) to highlight the hypocrisy of those Republicans who would vote to condemn the speech of MoveOn , but not that of America 's Favorite Chickenhawk -- even as he smeared rank - and - file service members -- and 2 ) to make sure that those Democrats who saw fit to publicly condemn their ally on the floor of Congress are willing to do the same to a man who despises them and the Democratic Party .
In light of those goals , I hope that all of us in the netroots will honor and respect the decision of those Democrats who choose to vote against both the MoveOn and Limbaugh resolutions .
They 're taking a responsible , ethical , and consistent position .
As for Democrats who voted for the MoveOn resolution , but vote against the Limbaugh resolution ?
Well , let 's just hope that there are n't any .
Brad Friedman Byon
1/30/2008 , 2:50 pm PT
After virtually ignoring the issue for some six straight years , our hometown newspaper , The Los Angeles Times , has run a two - part , 2,800 - word " series " on concerns about voting machines , right on schedule , just in time to do absolutely no good at all before next week 's upcoming Tsunami Tuesday election in the state .
Waytago , LATimes !
The series reports absolutely nothing that has not already been reported over the last several years here at The BRAD BLOG , which is why the LATimes folks makes the big bucks and we do n't .
They do , however , include an important point at the very end of the second article , in quoting from one of the country 's most notable long - time voting machine apologists , Kimball Brace ...
" Trying to defend electronic voting machines is becoming harder and harder , " Brace said .
" Election administrators see the tea leaves and recognize the battle has been fought and won by the activists . "
While that 's good to read , especially coming from someone like Brace , who has been working for such administrators and voting machine companies for years , the news comes as little comfort , most likely , for those " activists " ( read : citizen voters who believe their elections should be transparent and verified ) who are now , have been , and will most certainly be on the ground fighting that good fight in the days , weeks , months , and years to come .
And in the bargain of having " won " that battle with no money and no resources --- other than having the truth on their side from the get - go --- in the fight against those who both own the power structure and have some $ 3.8 billion dollars of our own money in their pockets to use against us , how many such " activists " did the LATimes bother to quote in their two - part , 2,800 - word series ?
Exactly zero .
Voters do n't apparently exist to the LATimes .
Only " experts " who know what is best for them .
We do n't wish to discourage the LATimes from reporting on this issue , of course , we 'd just like to see them do it with more frequency ( a step up from " almost never " would be good ) , and include those who are actually affected by these things , like any of the hundreds of exhausted , hard - working Election Integrity advocate voters --- many of whom , like us , happen to live in the LATimes ' own state of CA and / or in and near Los Angeles --- who have been toiling for years , without title or remuneration , simply because it 's the right thing to do for America .
Since there is really nothing in the two articles that BRAD BLOG readers do n't already know , we 'll do you the favor of quoting just the few notable snippets from each one , along with some value - added snark and facts for your reading pleasure , below ...
From Part 1 : " A paper jam roils California vote "
Not news , but worth remembering : [ California Secretary of State Debra ]
Bowen said about the electronic machines .
" You only have one chance to get an election right . "
On the notion that counting paper ballots will take longer than receiving unverifiable numbers from touch - screen voting machines :
In San Bernardino , a test run of paper ballots in November found that optical scanners could count only 10,000 votes per hour .
That means it could take more than 17 hours , starting at 10 p.m. , to handle the 175,000 votes expected , said Registrar Kari Verjil .
How those poor San Bernardino voters will possibly survive through the night , waiting until 3 pm the day after the election to find out who won is currently unknown .
Please send blankets , water , and other emergency disaster supplies to them just in case , ASAP .
The Coward of Riverside County , Supervisor Jeff Stone , sticks his head up from behind a rock to take a cheap shot at Bowen having decertified Riverside 's 20 million dollar , unverifiable , inaccurate , hackable voting system , that he approved time and again , without any concern for the pure waste of taxpayer money , to say : " This was a shoot - from - the hip political maneuver to help her gain name recognition , " said Riverside County Supervisor Jeff Stone .
" This is purely a waste of taxpayer money .
When the times are lean , this does n't help . "
Speaking of " shoot - from - the hip political maneuvers , " if you 're not already aware of Stone 's pathetic , and historically ignominious , " 1000 to 1 bet " that Riverside Election Integrity advocates could not hack the county 's voting system --- a bet he would quickly welsh out of --- see BRAD BLOG 's Special Coverage page devoted to it .
Former Sequoia and Diebold salesperson Deborah Seiler , who was recently and inappropriately installed as Registrar of Voters in the People 's Republic of San Diego , offers her own ironic quote after having recently failed --- and failed miserably , even on appeal --- in her wasteful - to - the - taxpayers lawsuit against Bowen 's new requirement for counting 10 % of ballots by hand in elections found by the machines to have been decided by less than one - half of a percentage point ...
Seiler sued Bowen over one new requirement that counties increase audits in close races , even though victory margins often change as more absentee ballots are counted .
" We have no idea how we are going to be running our elections week to week , " she said .
" What is at risk is voter confidence . "
We suppose there would be more " voter confidence " in elections if no ballots were checked by hand when the machine - reported results offered a .5 % or less margin ?!
Good luck , San Diego .
You 're gonna need it with this genius , and her equally inappropriately installed and discredited assistant Michael Vu , formerly of Cuyahoga County , in charge this year .
And a note to Mr. Stone of Riverside :
If you 're suddenly so concerned about a " waste of taxpayer money , " after wasting millions on shitty voting machines you should never have used in the first place , why did you and your county waste still more taxpayer money by joining Seiler 's embarrassing and failed lawsuit and failed appeal against Bowen ?
From Part 2 : " Electronic voting is facing a recall "
And speaking of inappropriate and ironic , the LATimes ' cavalcade of quotes from discredited election officials / voting machine company reps and apologists continues in Part 2 , with this from the now - thankfully - resigned Conny McCormack : " This is a singular moment , " said Conny McCormack , former registrar of Los Angeles , who quit last year after disagreements with Bowen .
" Politics have bled into this .
It reminds me of a Third World country when their elections administrators get politicized . "
Golly gee , really Conny ?
It reminds us of Third World countries where election administrators work in cahoots with the corporations who have interests in the specific outcome of elections .
You know what we 're referring to , dontcha , sweetie ?...
By the way , the LATimes did n't bother to disclose either McCormack or Seiler 's inappropriate relationship to the voting machine companies in either of their two articles .
The oft - quoted Doug Chapin , who actually makes a living at this stuff , unlike all of those Election Integrity advocates the Times did n't feel it was worth interviewing , hits on the point many of us have been trying to make for years ... finally ...
" We are at a high - water mark , but what is extraordinary is that the water has already been high for years , " said Doug Chapin , director of Electionline.org , a nonpartisan group funded by the Pew Charitable Trusts that has tracked voting technology since 2001 .
" The $ 3 billion of federal money has created more problems than it solved . "
No .
Ya think ?
Any reason you were n't hollering about that years ago , before the money was spent , Mr. Chapin ?
The good David Jefferson is finally quoted near the back of the second piece , and offers a welcome relief from so much of the pro-vendor , pro-election official , anti-transparency rhetoric written up to this point :
" It is really a mess at the federal level , " said David Jefferson , a computer scientist at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory , who has advised California on electronic voting for years .
" And neither states nor counties have the technical expertise that computerized voting technology requires . "
Keeping voting secure is far more difficult than tracking money in the banking system or keeping control of U.S. nuclear weapons , Jefferson said .
With secret voting , the government must know who voted but cannot know how they voted .
As a result , it is impossible to prove that any individual 's vote was actually counted .
Thank you , Mr. Jefferson .
But , of course , Diebold stooge Kimball Brace , mis-identied only as " a longtime Washington consultant on voting issues , " is quickly brought in to counter Jefferson 's independent , knowledge - based comments ...
Kimball Brace , a longtime Washington consultant on voting issues , said Electronic voting provides for the most accurate and efficient tabulation possible , free from arguments over voter intent and flawed ballots .
True .
If there is no evidence available of voter intent , and no ballots --- flawed or overwise --- it becomes very difficult to argue over them .
And just for last kicks , out of the ashes of Sequoia Voting System shame and her recent hibernation , comes company spokeshole Michelle Shafer to mislead the LATimes ' still - underinformed readers at the very end ...
" There has never been a case of an electronic voting system being tampered with in a live voting environment , " said Michelle M. Shafer , vice president for communications at Sequoia Voting Systems in Oakland , one of the four major equipment makers .
You 'll notice she says " live voting environment " , since her own company 's machines have been hacked accidentally , hacked on purpose , hacked during testing , and even provide a hack - at - will yellow button on the back of each one of them , for use during a " live " election , just in case .
And that 's only what we know , and only on Sequoia 's machines .
Shaffer and the LATimes fail to offer explanation for the extraordinary undervote rates on Sequoia machines in New Mexico and Washington state in 2004 .
As well , they also fail --- along with all the other apologists most - recently using the " no proof of e-voting machines being hacked in an election " line --- to explain things like the still - unexplained 18,000 missing votes on ES&S machines in Sarasota 's FL - 13 Congressional election in 2006 , or the equally - unexplained - 16,022 votes ( that 's negative 16,022 votes ! ) registered for Al Gore on a Diebold tabulator in Volusia County , FL , in the 2000 election .
We could go on .
But we wo n't .
You 're welcome .
Hey LATimes :
It 's just a local call if you wish to reach us next time .
We 'll be happy to offer facts to counter your " experts ' " spin .
We 'll also be happy to put you in touch with a few of those " activists " who have " fought and won " the " battle " you 've finally decided to write about .
But as with many of the extremely tall basketball players before him  including Gheorghe Muresan , Manute Bol and Shawn Bradley  such size brings serious drawbacks .
George ’s joints are under considerable stress , and everything from buying shoes to going out with his friends can be difficult .
He is too tall to fit into a driver ’s seat , so he does not have a driver ’s license and must ask friends for rides .
When the semester ends , his father drives 650 miles from Chicago , his hometown , to Asheville so George does not have to squeeze into an airplane seat .
“ I do n’t hate it , but there are times I wish that I were n’t so tall , ” George said .
George grew up on the North Side of Chicago .
His parents separated when he was 2 years old , and his father , Ken Sr. , received primary custody of his only son .
Although George was tall from an early age , he did not become interested in basketball until middle school .
“ Basketball was n’t what I was trying to bring him up to do , it just went in that direction , ” Ken Sr. said .
George was on the varsity squad by his sophomore year at the Latin School of Chicago .
“ He was 6 - 11 , huge for a kid that age , but even then he had exceptionally good control of his body , ” said Latin ’s coach , Dave VanderMeulen .
Los Angeles is on track to end the year with fewer than 400 homicides for the first time in nearly four decades -- a hopeful milestone for a city so long associated with gangs , drive - by shootings and sometimes random violence .
With 386 killings recorded as of Sunday , the city has experienced one - third the number of homicides it did in 1992 .
The last year with a comparably low figure was 1970 , when Los Angeles had a million fewer residents , guns were far less prevalent and street gangs were a much smaller part of life in urban neighborhoods .
Experts and Los Angeles Police Department officials have offered a wide range of theories for the drop , including the gentrification of once - tough neighborhoods , improved emergency medical care and better policing .
George Beck and his son Charlie -- two generations of LAPD officers -- have seen the full arc of homicides ’ rise and fall in Los Angeles .
Much has changed over the last 37 years in the way police deal with the crime , they said .
Advertisement
George Beck , 83 , was an LAPD inspector in 1970 and rose to the rank of deputy chief .
Back then , police had little information about what was happening on the streets , and top officials rarely showed up at homicide scenes to lead investigations .
“ He is dead .
He is n’t going to get deader , ” he said , describing the mind - set then .
“ There was n’t the urgency you see now with all these detectives , crime scene people and the constant tracking of crime statistics . ”
His son is now chief of the department ’s South Bureau , which has long covered one of the most violent parts of the city .
Homicides in the area have so far tumbled 25 % in 2007 .
Charlie Beck , 54 , has walked scores of blood - spattered homicide scenes this year .
“ I do n’t go there to deal with the homicide , ” he said .
“ I go there to stop the next one . ”
Advertisement
He fiddles with his Blackberry , which buzzes every few minutes , updating him on crime scenes .
Data from each crime are plugged into a computer system that allows officials to look for patterns and study the department ’s effectiveness .
Cops now call gang intervention workers , often former gang members , to work the scene at a homicide and help the officers prevent retaliatory gunfire .
So far this year , homicides in Los Angeles are down about 17 % , compared with last year .
The number of shooting victims is down by 14 % .
Overall violent crime -- including rape , robbery and assault -- is down 8 % .
The trend extends to other parts of Los Angeles County .
As of Dec. 1 , the last date for which figures are available , the number of homicides had dropped about 17 % in the more than 40 communities patrolled by the Los Angeles County Sheriff ’s Department and in cities such as Pasadena .
The total for those communities was 303 as of Dec. 1 , down from 369 during the same period last year .
Long Beach has recorded 39 homicides this year , the lowest number since 1971 .
Advertisement
“ It ’s not just a number .
It means a whole lot , ” said Betty Day , 68 , who moved to Watts in the 1950s and has seen the homicide rate rise and fall .
“ You know , I ’m very proud .
People should feel good about it because it ’s been a long time coming . ”
The declining crime numbers come amid demographic shifts that are rapidly changing some neighborhoods .
Venice , Echo Park and Hollywood , once significant crime areas , have become trendy addresses .
In the early 1990s , a gang war in Venice left nearly two dozen people dead and scores wounded .
Gang violence has lessened considerably as the district has become far more expensive , with multimillion - dollar homes replacing fading bungalows .
The Figueroa Street corridor near Century Boulevard in the early 1990s was a drug and prostitution bazaar and the scene of numerous slayings .
Now , bungalows in the area are being refurbished for first - time home buyers .
Even downtown L.A. 's skid row has seen major changes with the addition of luxury lofts and fashionable eateries .
Homicides there have fallen to seven so far this year , down from 12 last year .
Advertisement
Though the numbers this year reflect how far the area has come , police said the numbers in 1970 looked like a different kind of turning point .
LAPD Deputy Chief Mike Hillmann , who was in the department ’s SWAT unit in the early 1970s , said that period was the start of a serious spike in violence .
“ You can see that things were changing , ” he said .
In the years after the Watts riots , violence in South L.A. rocketed upward , particularly in and around large housing projects .
By 1972 , more than 1,000 homicides were occurring annually in L.A. County .
In 1973 , four LAPD officers were killed in the line of duty during a grim seven - month period .
Advertisement
Over the next decade , the L.A. area was haunted by several serial killers , including the Hillside Strangler , the Night Stalker and the Southside Slayer , who was linked to the murders of more than a dozen women -- many in the Figueroa corridor .
Homicide numbers continued to rise into the early 1990s , as the crack cocaine epidemic grew and gangs became active across the city .
The worst year for homicides was 1992 , when the city of L.A. recorded 1,092 .
“ Drugs really played a big part .
‘ Easy money . ’
But it was n’t really easy money -- it was hard money , ” said Maudine Clark , 69 , a longtime Watts resident .
“ It did something to our young people , even to their minds .
Some became dealers , some became users . ”
Advertisement
In the late 1990s , her 18 - year - old grandson was shot to death in a drive - by across the street from her home .
LAPD Officer Jerome Walker , 47 , who grew up in Watts , said he saw the shifting crime trends firsthand .
He remembers walking in the 1960s and early 1970s to the Boy Scouts office .
“ The Crips from that time . . . would shut the lights off and play their games and stuff like that , ” Walker said .
“ But not really anything that violent . ”
But by the mid-1970s , Walker said , he was regularly robbed on the way to middle school .
A 14 - year - old friend -- a member of the Bloods gang -- was killed by rivals .
After nine years in the Navy , Walker joined the LAPD in 1993 and was assigned to Venice during the height of that area ’s gang war .
“ The Shoreline Crips over there were going at it with the Culver City Boyz .
They got to the point where it was ridiculous , ” he said .
“ You had parents getting shot . ”
Advertisement
The crime rate began to decline in the mid-1990s , part of a nationwide drop in killings .
Homicide totals rose slightly in 2000 and 2001 , and have dropped every year since 2002 , when LAPD Chief William J. Bratton took office .
Bratton instituted a variety of changes that he said helped reduce crimes , including focusing attention on repeat offenders and the CompStat computer system , which tracks crime hot spots and patterns .
Authorities use the data to deploy resources and to assess the effectiveness of police managers .
At the same time , officials have focused more attention on seizing illegal handguns .
Over the last two years , local , state and federal authorities have taken nearly 12,000 guns off the streets of Los Angeles .
The last decade also has yielded a significant decline in gang membership , according to LAPD statistics .
In 1993 , LAPD listed 61,000 gang members in the city , but by 2007 that number was about 41,000 .
Advertisement
Boyle Heights resident Arturo Herrera , 70 , said the situation in his neighborhood has improved since the early 1990s , when gang shootings were a common occurrence .
“ I feel proud of my neighborhood , ” he said .
“ A lot of people have this stereotyped image of Boyle Heights , that everyone has a dagger in their hand .
But there ’s good kids in the neighborhood , and good people . ”
Still , Herrera said , he does n’t feel comfortable walking in the neighborhood at night as he did many years ago .
That unease could take several more years to erase , he said .
“ I do n’t know , it still seems kind of rough , ” he said .
“ You still get those vibes , like something is still there , and you do n’t know when something bad could strike , ‘ cause everybody and their mother still has a gun .
Even the small , 14- , 15 - year - old kids have guns . ”
Advertisement
Joseph Wambaugh , a former LAPD officer turned author , said the increased firepower on the streets of Los Angeles leaves the city vulnerable to sudden upticks in violence .
“ We were looking for handguns back then , ” Wambaugh said of his days on the beat in the early 1970s .
“ Now it ’s AK - 47s and other assault rifles .
I feel our era was not quite as violent from a cop ’s point of view .
“ In the spur of the moment , someone can wipe out five people , and what does that do to your statistics ? ” he said .
richard.winton@latimes.com
Advertisement
hector.becerra@latimes.com
Time after time , properly conducted scientific studies have proved that homeopathic remedies work no better than simple placebos .
So why do so many sensible people swear by them ?
And why do homeopaths believe they are victims of a smear campaign ?
Ben Goldacre follows a trail of fudged statistics , bogus surveys and widespread self - deception .
Ben Goldacre
The Guardian
Friday November 16 2007
There are some aspects of quackery that are harmless – childish even – and there are some that are very serious indeed .
On Tuesday , to my great delight , the author Jeanette Winterson launched a scientific defence of homeopathy in these pages .
She used words such as “ nano ” meaninglessly , she suggested that there is a role for homeopathy in the treatment of HIV in Africa , and she said that an article in the Lancet today will call on doctors to tell their patients that homeopathic “ medicines ” offer no benefit .
The article does not say that , and I should know , because I wrote it .
It is not an act of fusty authority , and I claim none : I look about 12 , and I ’m only a few years out of medical school .
This is all good fun , but my adamant stance , that I absolutely lack any authority , is key : because this is not about one man ’s opinion , and there is nothing even slightly technical or complicated about the evidence on homeopathy , or indeed anything , when it is clearly explained .
And there is the rub .
Because Winterson tries to tell us – like every other homeopathy fan – that for some mystical reason , which is never made entirely clear , the healing powers of homeopathic pills are special , and so their benefits cannot be tested like every other pill .
This has become so deeply embedded in our culture , by an industry eager to obscure our very understanding of evidence , that even some doctors now believe it .
Enough is enough .
Evidence - based medicine is beautiful , elegant , clever and , most of all , important .
It is how we know what will kill or cure you .
These are biblical themes , and it is ridiculous that what I am going to explain to you now is not taught in schools .
So let ’s imagine that we are talking to a fan of homeopathy , one who is both intelligent and reflective .
“ Look , ” they begin , “ all I know is that I feel better when I take a homeopathic pill . ”
OK , you reply .
We absolutely accept that .
Nobody can take that away from the homeopathy fan .
But perhaps it ’s the placebo effect ?
You both think you know about the placebo effect already , but you are both wrong .
The mysteries of the interaction between body and mind are far more complex than can ever be permitted in the crude , mechanistic and reductionist world of the alternative therapist , where pills do all the work .
The placebo response is about far more than the pills – it is about the cultural meaning of a treatment , our expectation , and more .
So we know that four sugar pills a day will clear up ulcers quicker than two sugar pills , we know that a saltwater injection is a more effective treatment for pain than a sugar pill , we know that green sugar pills are more effective for anxiety than red , and we know that brand packaging on painkillers increases pain relief .
A baby will respond to its parents ’ expectations and behaviour , and the placebo effect is still perfectly valid for children and pets .
Placebo pills with no active ingredient can even elicit measurable biochemical responses in humans , and in animals ( when they have come to associate the pill with an active ingredient ) .
This is undoubtedly one of the most interesting areas of medical science ever .
“ Well , it could be that , ” says your honest , reflective homeopathy fan .
“ I have no way of being certain .
But I just do n’t think that ’s it .
All I know is , I get better with homeopathy . ”
Ah , now , but could that be because of “ regression to the mean “ ?
This is an even more fascinating phenomenon : all things , as the new - agers like to say , have a natural cycle .
Your back pain goes up and down over a week , or a month , or a year .
Your mood rises and falls .
That weird lump in your wrist comes and goes .
You get a cold ; it gets better .
If you take an ineffective sugar pill , at your sickest , it ’s odds on you ’re going to get better , in exactly the same way that if you sacrifice a goat , after rolling a double six , your next roll is likely to be lower .
That is regression to the mean .
“ Well , it could be that , ” says the homeopathy fan .
“ But I just do n’t think so .
All I know is , I get better with homeopathy . ”
How can you both exclude these explanations – since you both need to – and move on from this impasse ?
Luckily homeopaths have made a very simple , clear claim : they say that the pill they prescribe will make you get better .
You could do a randomised , controlled trial on almost any intervention you wanted to assess : comparing two teaching methods , or two forms of psychotherapy , or two plant - growth boosters – literally anything .
The first trial was in the Bible ( Daniel 1 : 1 - 16 , since you asked ) and compared the effect of two different diets on soldiers ’ vigour .
Doing a trial is not a new or complicated idea , and a pill is the easiest thing to test of all .
Here is a model trial for homeopathy .
You take , say , 200 people , and divide them at random into two groups of 100 .
All of the patients visit their homeopath , they all get a homeopathic prescription at the end ( because homeopaths love to prescribe pills even more than doctors ) for whatever it is that the homeopath wants to prescribe , and all the patients take their prescription to the homeopathic pharmacy .
Every patient can be prescribed something completely different , an “ individualised ” prescription – it does n’t matter .
Now here is the twist : one group gets the real homeopathy pills they were prescribed ( whatever they were ) , and the patients in the other group are given fake sugar pills .
Crucially , neither the patients , nor the people who meet them in the trial , know who is getting which treatment .
This trial has been done , time and time again , with homeopathy , and when you do a trial like this , you find , overall , that the people getting the placebo sugar pills do just as well as those getting the real , posh , expensive , technical , magical homeopathy pills .
So how come you keep hearing homeopaths saying that there are trials where homeopathy does do better than placebo ?
This is where it gets properly interesting .
This is where we start to see homeopaths , and indeed all alternative therapists more than ever , playing the same sophisticated tricks that big pharma still sometimes uses to pull the wool over the eyes of doctors .
Yes , there are some individual trials where homeopathy does better , first because there are a lot of trials that are simply not “ fair tests ” .
For example – and I ’m giving you the most basic examples here – there are many trials in alternative therapy journals where the patients were not “ blinded ” : that is , the patients knew whether they were getting the real treatment or the placebo .
These are much more likely to be positive in favour of your therapy , for obvious reasons .
There is no point in doing a trial if it is not a fair test : it ceases to be a trial , and simply becomes a marketing ritual .
There are also trials where it seems patients were not randomly allocated to the “ homeopathy ” or “ sugar pill ” groups : these are even sneakier .
You should randomise patients by sealed envelopes with random numbers in them , opened only after the patient is fully registered into the trial .
Let ’s say that you are “ randomly allocating ” patients by , um , well , the first patient gets homeopathy , then the next patient gets the sugar pills , and so on .
If you do that , then you already know , as the person seeing the patient , which treatment they are going to get , before you decide whether or not they are suitable to be recruited into your trial .
So a homeopath sitting in a clinic would be able – let ’s say unconsciously – to put more sick patients into the sugar pill group , and healthier patients into the homeopathy group , thus massaging the results .
This , again , is not a fair test .
Congratulations .
You now understand evidence - based medicine to degree level .
So when doctors say that a trial is weak , and poor quality , it ’s not because they want to maintain the hegemony , or because they work for “ the man ” : it ’s because a poor trial is simply not a fair test of a treatment .
And it ’s not cheaper to do a trial badly , it ’s just stupid , or , of course , conniving , since unfair tests will give false positives in favour of homeopathy .
Now there are bad trials in medicine , of course , but here ’s the difference : in medicine there is a strong culture of critical self - appraisal .
Doctors are taught to spot bad research ( as I am teaching you now ) and bad drugs .
The British Medical Journal recently published a list of the top three most highly accessed and referenced studies from the past year , and they were on , in order : the dangers of the anti-inflammatory Vioxx ; the problems with the antidepressant paroxetine ; and the dangers of SSRI antidepressants in general .
This is as it should be .
With alternative therapists , when you point out a problem with the evidence , people do n’t engage with you about it , or read and reference your work .
They get into a huff .
They refuse to answer calls or email queries .
They wave their hands and mutter sciencey words such as “ quantum ” and “ nano ” .
They accuse you of being a paid plant from some big pharma conspiracy .
They threaten to sue you .
They shout , “ What about thalidomide , science boy ? ” , they cry , they call you names , they hold lectures at their trade fairs about how you are a dangerous doctor , they contact and harass your employer , they try to dig up dirt from your personal life , or they actually threaten you with violence ( this has all happened to me , and I ’m compiling a great collection of stories for a nice documentary , so do keep it coming ) .
But back to the important stuff .
Why else might there be plenty of positive trials around , spuriously ?
Because of something called “ publication bias “ .
In all fields of science , positive results are more likely to get published , because they are more newsworthy , there ’s more mileage in publishing them for your career , and they ’re more fun to write up .
This is a problem for all of science .
Medicine has addressed this problem , making people register their trial before they start , on a “ clinical trials database “ , so that you cannot hide disappointing data and pretend it never happened .
How big is the problem of publication bias in alternative medicine ?
Well now , in 1995 , only 1 % of all articles published in alternative medicine journals gave a negative result .
The most recent figure is 5 % negative .
This is very , very low .
There is only one conclusion you can draw from this observation .
Essentially , when a trial gives a negative result , alternative therapists , homeopaths or the homeopathic companies simply do not publish it .
There will be desk drawers , box files , computer folders , garages , and back offices filled with untouched paperwork on homeopathy trials that did not give the result the homeopaths wanted .
At least one homeopath reading this piece will have a folder just like that , containing disappointing , unpublished data that they are keeping jolly quiet about .
Hello there !
Now , you could just pick out the positive trials , as homeopaths do , and quote only those .
This is called “ cherry picking ” the literature – it is not a new trick , and it is dishonest , because it misrepresents the totality of the literature .
There is a special mathematical tool called a “ meta–analysis “ , where you take all the results from all the studies on one subject , and put the figures into one giant spreadsheet , to get the most representative overall answer .
When you do this , time and time again , and you exclude the unfair tests , and you account for publication bias , you find , in all homeopathy trials overall , that homeopathy does no better than placebos .
The preceding paragraphs took only three sentences in my brief Lancet piece , although only because that readership did n’t need to be told what a meta - analysis is .
Now , here is the meat .
Should we even care , I asked , if homeopathy is no better than placebo ?
Because the strange answer is , maybe not .
Let me tell you about a genuine medical conspiracy to suppress alternative therapies .
During the 19th - century cholera epidemic , death rates at the London Homeopathic Hospital were three times lower than at the Middlesex Hospital .
Homeopathic sugar pills wo n’t do anything against cholera , of course , but the reason for homeopathy ’s success in this epidemic is even more interesting than the placebo effect : at the time , nobody could treat cholera .
So , while hideous medical treatments such as blood - letting were actively harmful , the homeopaths ’ treatments at least did nothing either way .
Today , similarly , there are often situations where people want treatment , but where medicine has little to offer – lots of back pain , stress at work , medically unexplained fatigue , and most common colds , to give just a few examples .
Going through a theatre of medical treatment , and trying every medication in the book , will give you only side - effects .
A sugar pill in these circumstances seems a very sensible option .
But just as homeopathy has unexpected benefits , so it can have unexpected side - effects .
Prescribing a pill carries its own risks : it medicalises problems , it can reinforce destructive beliefs about illness , and it can promote the idea that a pill is an appropriate response to a social problem , or a modest viral illness .
But there are also ethical problems .
In the old days , just 50 years ago , “ communication skills ” at medical school consisted of how not to tell your patient they had terminal cancer .
Now doctors are very open and honest with their patients .
When a healthcare practitioner of any description prescribes a pill that they know full well is no more effective than a placebo – without disc losing that fact to their patient – then they trample all over some very important modern ideas , such as getting informed consent from your patient , and respecting their autonomy .
Sure , you could argue that it might be in a patient ’s interest to lie to them , and I think there is an interesting discussion to be had here , but at least be aware that this is the worst kind of old - fashioned , Victorian doctor paternalism : and ultimately , when you get into the habit of misleading people , that undermines the relationship between all doctors and patients , which is built on trust , and ultimately honesty .
If , on the other hand , you prescribe homeopathy pills , but you do n’t know that they perform any better than placebo in trials , then you are not familiar with the trial literature , and you are therefore incompetent to prescribe them .
These are fascinating ethical problems , and yet I have never once found a single homeopath discussing them .
There are also more concrete harms .
It ’s routine marketing practice for homeopaths to denigrate mainstream medicine .
There ’s a simple commercial reason for this : survey data show that a disappointing experience with mainstream medicine is almost the only factor that regularly correlates with choosing alternative therapies .
That ’s an explanation , but not an excuse .
And this is not just talking medicine down .
One study found that more than half of all the homeopaths approached advised patients against the MMR vaccine for their children , acting irresponsibly on what will quite probably come to be known as the media ’s MMR hoax .
How did the alternative therapy world deal with this concerning finding , that so many among them were quietly undermining the vaccination schedule ?
Prince Charles ’s office tried to have the lead researcher sacked .
A BBC Newsnight investigation found that almost all the homeopaths approached recommended ineffective homeopathic pills to protect against malaria , and advised against medical malaria prophylactics , while not even giving basic advice on bite prevention .
Very holistic .
Very “ complementary ” .
Any action against the homeopaths concerned ?
None .
And in the extreme , when they ’re not undermining public - health campaigns and leaving their patients exposed to fatal diseases , homeopaths who are not medically qualified can miss fatal diagnoses , or actively disregard them , telling their patients grandly to stop their inhalers , and throw away their heart pills .
The Society of Homeopaths is holding a symposium on the treatment of Aids , featuring the work of Peter Chappell , a man who claims to have found a homeopathic solution to the epidemic .
We reinforce all of this by collectively humouring homeopaths ’ healer fantasies , and by allowing them to tell porkies about evidence .
And what porkies .
Somehow , inexplicably , a customer satisfaction survey from a homeopathy clinic is promoted in the media as if it trumps a string of randomised trials .
No wonder the public find it hard to understand medical research .
Almost every time you read about a “ trial ” in the media , it is some bogus fish oil “ trial ” that is n’t really a “ trial ” , or a homeopath waving their hands about , because the media finds a colourful quack claim more interesting than genuine , cautious , bland , plodding medical research .
By pushing their product relentlessly with this scientific flim - flam , homeopaths undermine the public understanding of what it means to have an evidence base for a treatment .
Worst of all , they do this at the very time when academics are working harder than ever to engage the public in a genuine collective ownership and understanding of clinical research , and when most good doctors are trying to educate and involve their patients in the selection of difficult treatment options .
This is not a nerdy point .
This is vital .
Here is the strangest thing .
Every single criticism I have made could easily be managed with clear and open discussion of the problems .
But homoeopaths have walled themselves off from the routine cut - and - thrust of academic medicine , and reasoned critique is all too often met with anger , shrieks of persecution and avoidance rather than argument .
The Society of Homeopaths ( the largest professional body in Europe , the ones running that frightening conference on HIV ) have even threatened to sue bloggers who criticise them .
The university courses on homeopathy that I and others have approached have flatly refused to provide basic information , such as what they teach and how .
It ’s honestly hard to think of anything more unhealthy in an academic setting .
This is exactly what I said , albeit in nerdier academic language , in today ’s edition of the Lancet , Britain ’s biggest medical journal .
These views are what homeopaths are describing as an “ attack ” .
But I am very clear .
There is no single right way to package up all of this undeniable and true information into a “ view ” on homeopathy .
When I ’m feeling generous , I think : homeopathy could have value as placebo , on the NHS even , although there are ethical considerations , and these serious cultural side - effects to be addressed .
But when they ’re suing people instead of arguing with them , telling people not to take their medical treatments , killing patients , running conferences on HIV fantasies , undermining the public ’s understanding of evidence and , crucially , showing absolutely no sign of ever being able to engage in a sensible conversation about the perfectly simple ethical and cultural problems that their practice faces , I think : these people are just morons .
I ca n’t help that : I ’m human .
The facts are sacred , but my view on them changes from day to day .
And the only people who could fix me in one camp or the other , now , are the homeopaths themselves .
It does n’t all add up …
The ‘ science ’ behind homeopathy Homeopathic remedies are made by taking an ingredient , such as arsenic , and diluting it down so far that there is not a single molecule left in the dose that you get .
The ingredients are selected on the basis of like cures like , so that a substance that causes sweating at normal doses , for example , would be used to treat sweating .
Many people confuse homeopathy with herbalism and do not realise just how far homeopathic remedies are diluted .
The typical dilution is called “ 30 C ” : this means that the original substance has been diluted by 1 drop in 100 , 30 times .
On the Society of Homeopaths site , in their “ What is homeopathy ? ” section , they say that “ 30C contains less than 1 part per million of the original substance . ”
This is an understatement : a 30 C homeopathic preparation is a dilution of 1 in 100^30 , or rather 1 in 10^60 , which means a 1 followed by 60 zeroes , or – let ’s be absolutely clear – a dilution of 1 in 1,000,000,000,000,000,000 , 000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000 , 000,000,000,000,000 .
To phrase that in the Society of Homeopaths ’ terms , we should say : “ 30 C contains less than one part per million million million million million million million million million million of the original substance . ”
At a homeopathic dilution of 100C , which they sell routinely , and which homeopaths claim is even more powerful than 30C , the treating substance is diluted by more than the total number of atoms in the universe .
Homeopathy was invented before we knew what atoms were , or how many there are , or how big they are .
It has not changed its belief system in light of this information .
How can an almost infinitely dilute solution cure anything ?
Most homeopaths claim that water has “ a memory ” .
They are unclear what this would look like , and homeopaths ’ experiments claiming to demonstrate it are frequently bizarre .
As a brief illustration , American magician and debunker James Randi has for many years had a $ 1 m prize on offer for anyone who can demonstrate paranormal abilities .
He has made it clear that this cheque would go to someone who can reliably distinguish a homeopathic dilution from water .
His money remains unclaimed .
Many homeopaths also claim they can transmit homeopathic remedies over the internet , in CDs , down the telephone , through a computer , or in a piece of music .
Peter Chappell , whose work will feature at a conference organised by the Society of Homeopaths next month , makes dramatic claims about his ability to solve the Aids epidemic using his own homeopathic pills called “ PC Aids ” , and his specially encoded music .
“ Right now , ” he says , “ Aids in Africa could be significantly ameliorated by a simple tune played on the radio . “
· Ben Goldacre is a doctor and writes the Bad Science column in the Guardian .
His book Bad Science will be published by 4th Estate in 2008 .
Full references for all the research described in this article , and the text of the Lancet article , can be found at badscience .
net .
References :
This all cuts so deeply to the heart of medicine and stats that it ’s hard to know where to begin with references .
A great deal is referenced in the text with weblinks .
The Lancet piece is the best place to go if you want all the hardcore academic references , as it is extremely clear what refs what in there .
The classic beginners text on evidence based medicine is “ How to read a paper ” by Trisha Greenhalgh in BMA books .
I cannot recommend this book highly enough .
Greenhalgh is not at all difficult to read , but an even more accessible ( and gently political ) book is the magnificent “ Testing Treatments ” , co-authored by the chap who founded the Cochrane Collaboration .
In it you can read to your heart ’s content about blinding , randomisation , and the scoundrels who abuse them , as well as the reasons why the public should be more engaged in research , the scandal of bad research , and more .
For a review of the placebo effect , you ca n’t beat the excellent “ Meaning , Medicine , and the Placebo Effect ” by Daniel Moerman .
For meta - analyses of homeopathy , I would quote the five below .
There are even more , but I have specifically quoted these five as part of an in - joke with myself , which I will one day reveal .
1 Kleijnen J , Knipschild P , ter Riet G. Clinical trials of homoeopathy .
BMJ 1991 ;
302 : 316–23 .
2 Boissel JP , Cucherat M , Haugh M , Gauthier E. Critical literature review on the
effectiveness of homoeopathy : overview of data from homoeopathic
medicine trials .
Brussels , Belgium : Homoeopathic Medicine Research Group .
Report to the European Commission .
1996 : 195–210 .
3 Linde K , Melchart D. Randomized controlled trials of individualized
homeopathy : a state - of - the - art review .
J Alter Complement Med 1998 ;
4 : 371–88 .
4 Cucherat M , Haugh MC , Gooch M , Boissel JP .
Evidence of clinical efficacy of
homeopathy : a meta - analysis of clinical trials .
Eur J Clin Pharmacol 2000 ;
56 : 27–33 .
5 Shang A , Huwiler - Müntener K , Nartey L , et al .
Are the clinical effects of
homoeopathy placebo effects ?
Comparative study of placebo - controlled
trials of homoeopathy and allopathy .
Lancet 2005 ; 366 : 726–32 .
Despite continued demand , analyst Evan Wilson says Nintendo has finished work on a third DS model , but it wo n't be released for a while .
" Our contacts indicate that a refreshed DS is complete , " Wilson said on Wednesday as transcribed by GameSpot .
" It is thinner ( it has no GBA port ) , has on - board storage , and larger screens .
" However , we do not expect a revamped Wii or DS until sales begin to tail off in all three major geographies , " he added .
Since first launching in Nov. 2004 , Nintendo has sold 55 million DS systems .
A year and a half later , the company released the DS Lite .
Nintendo released three different versions of its previous handheld , the Game Boy Advance , throughout the course of its life .
The original in 2001 , followed by a clamshell remodel in 2003 , and a " micro " version in 2005 .
This story , " New Nintendo DS on the Horizon " was originally published by GamePro .
Click to viewAfter decades of popsicle promotions that included prizes printed on the stick , Brazilian ice - cream company Kibon has taken it to a new level by including the actual prize inside the popsicle : they will manufacture 10,000 specially made propsicles , identical in size and color to the actual thing , frozen with iPod shuffles inside .
We talked to Mentor Muniz Neto — creative director for Bullet Brazil , the company who got the idea — about how they worked with Apple to achieve this .
Advertisement
Bullet Brazil is the company that developed the idea for Unilever 's Kibon , which is the Brazilian equivalent of the Good Humor ice cream brand .
They started to think about it back in March with the objective of putting the shuffles directly in the hands of the prize - winner .
" It works like this : the consumer buys an Fruttare popsicle which comes in 10 different fruit flavors , " Neto told us , " and may find an iPod Shuffle inside the package , " ready to play .
Advertisement
However , since people would be able to tell that an iPod is inside by looking at the package itself , they had to find an alternative .
The popsicles with prize inside had to be exactly the same as the regular popsicles .
The obvious solution was putting the shuffles inside a real popsicle , but this was ruled out as the humidity would have destroyed the shuffle in no time , even with plastic around it .
The other idea : a fake ice cream that looked exactly like the real thing .
" We developed a special prototype that emulates the real ice cream ; " Neto says , " it protects the iPod from humidity , and it feels like the real ice cream .
It is virtually impossible to fell the difference without opening the package . "
Their testing proved successful .
Apple was not convinced about it , however .
As we know , Cupertino is extremely concerned about their image and they could n't afford faulty iPods falling into the hands of consumers .
Even if the propsicle could protect the iPod against humidity , Infinite Loop still had to check if the special fake ice cream could protect the electronic circuitry against temperatures between - 4 and - 22 degrees Fahrenheit ( - 20 and - 30 degrees Celsius ) , which is the normal temperature range of a standard freezer .
After a never - ending number of tests , they saw it worked and Apple gave the go - ahead from California .
With the iPod ready to go , the only question left was how to get the charger and the manual .
They solved it by providing a 800 number and a code to the winners .
And the final touch : they will get a real popsicle in the package , same flavor as the fake one .
Now everything is ready for Kivon 's " iPod no palito " summer promotion starting on December 18 , except us : yes , it is summer in Brazil now and we are all freezing up here .
Screw Vegas .
I say let 's all go and cover CES from Fernando de Noronha .
[ Bullet via Brainstorm # 9 - Muito obrigado , Neto and Carlos ]
Bin Laden 's Son Wants to Make Up for Father 's ' Mistake ' Omar bin Laden left Afghanistan after six years training as an al Qaeda fighter .
Jan. 21 , 2008  --
The family resemblance is unmistakable .
Omar bin Laden is his father 's son .
Look past the long braids , the manicure , the leather jacket and the designer jeans , and there 's a bin Laden .
No doubt .
We met in a Konovz café in Cairo , where Omar now lives with his English wife .
They met while horseback riding in the shadow of Egypt 's ancient pyramids .
He is 26 years old .
She 's a 52 - year - old grandmother .
But his private life is not the most unusual thing about bin Laden .
What comes out of his mouth is , in turn , bizarre , shocking , heartfelt and insightful .
" My father is very kind man , " he told me .
" And he very sorry when he do something like 11th September . "
If he 's sorry , then why does Osama bin Laden order such atrocities ?
" Because he believe if he put two buildings down , maybe some people , little will die , " explained Omar .
" But millions other will ( be ) save ( d ) .
He believe that . "
Omar does not believe that .
" I believe he did it the wrong , " he told me in the sometimes broken English he learned from his wife .
As a teenager , Omar was trained by his father in Afghanistan to become an al Qaeda fighter .
He was there more than six years .
He shared a house with Ayman al - Zawahiri , his father 's right - hand man .
But Omar left in 2000 to see the world , he said , before deciding whether to follow his father 's violent path .
He believes his father might still be hiding in the lawless mountains where he enjoys the support of local people .
I asked Omar whether he would tell the Americans if he found out exactly where his father is living .
" Actually , I would hide him , " he told me with a smile .
" Because he is my father . "
Father and son have not spoken in seven years .
Yet the bond remains .
" I still love him , so much , with all my heart , " he said .
In an effort to explain the unfathomable love of a child for a parent , Omar told me , " If you ask Bush daughter if she love [ her ] father , sure she will love him . "
Now , Omar hopes to see his father again , to act as a mediator , to bring his father — the most wanted terrorist on Earth — to the negotiating table with President Bush .
" Because my name , because my history … I feel like I can help to make peace , " Omar said .
" The first step , I hope to meet President Bush . "
He says he wants his father to talk rather than fight , and he wants Bush to listen to Osama bin Laden .
Why ?
" Because he has the power to make war , and he has the power to stop it . "
Eighteen months ago , Omar , who says he follows Islam and his heart , met and married his British wife .
" The first time I saw her , something tell me , ' maybe you will marry this woman , ' " he said .
The couple is planning a horse race for peace across North Africa .
Omar says he wants to make up for what he calls his father 's " big mistake . "
Fox : Library 's White House mug shots might confuse little kids David Edwards and Muriel Kane
Published : Thursday November 29 , 2007
del.icio.us
Print This Email This
When the Daily News reported on an exhibit at the New York Public Library of photos of George Bush , Dick Cheney , Karl Rove , and Condoleezza Rice doctored to look like prison mug shots , it touched only lightly on the artistic purposes of the display and appeared to be deliberately aiming to stir up political controversy .
The article noted that one observer had found the exhibit " hysterical " but primarily emphasized that " not everyone was amused , " including a pair of brothers who told the Daily News of their plans to set up their own " rogues gallery " of Democrats , with an emphasis on Bill Clinton and Ted Kennedy .
The exhibit , by artists Nora Ligorano and Marshall Reese , shows Bush holding up a board saying " Washington DC Police 1-28-2003 . "
That is the date of the State of the Union address during which he uttered the notorious " sixteen words " based on the forged Niger documents , stating , " The British Government has learned that Saddam Hussein recently sought significant quantities of uranium from Africa . "
The date for Karl Rove is July 11 , 2003 , the day on which he leaked Valerie Plame 's identity .
A Republican communications director expressed outrage at the photos , telling the Daily News , " It is simply inappropriate to have political attack art , in the form of egregious doctored photographs of the President and other high - ranking officials who have dedicated their lives to public service , in a taxpayer - funded building frequented by schoolchildren and the general public . "
The New York Public Library itself has tried to damp down any attempts at provoking a controversy , insisting , " This exhibition has no political agenda .
The work described in the media has been presented out of context and is not a complete or fair representation of the entire exhibition  which showcases 23 different contemporary printmakers from around the world , featuring a range of subject matters .
...
Portions of this exhibition ... should not be viewed as a political statement by the library . "
Ligorano and Reese are well known for their political art : " Line Up ( 2004 - 5 ) , their series of portraits of Bush administration officials , acknowledges that the mug shot has become the preeminent form of portraiture in America now that more people are incarcerated there , than any other country in the world .
The artists debuted Line Up , selling it as a postcard book on the streets of New York during the Republican convention in 2004 .
Now in its third edition , they have printed and sold more than 5,000 copies . "
The hosts at Fox News professed themselves to be bewildered by the exhibit , drawing heavily on the Daily News account of its nature .
" Is this real or is this art ? " asked Brian Kilmeade .
" It 's satire , Brian , " Fox 's Alisyn Camerota explained .
" At least , that 's what the ' artists - s - s - s ' say here .
This is called political attack art .
That 's the genre . "
A Google search suggests that Camerota may have invented a new artistic genre on her own , since the phrase " political attack art " does not appear to be used by artists and has never appeared anywhere else except in the Daily News article on the exhibit .
" And this is festooning the halls of the New York Public Library which is paid for , in part , with some taxpayer money , " Camerota went on , continuing to reiterate the Republican talking points from the article .
" It can be funny ... but in the New York Public Library ?
In the main hallway ?
Where students are escorted through ? "
" Little kids thinking , ' Oh , is that a picture of my president ? ' "
Steve Doocey chimed in .
He then asked for viewers to email their comments on the photos , acknowledging that some might consider them amusing .
This video is from Fox 's Fox & Friends , broadcast on November 29 , 2007 .
( (( And this one is even less kind than the first one . ) ) )
This article has been reproduced in a new format and may be missing content or contain faulty links .
Contact wiredlabs@wired.com to report an issue .
Link : The Future of Reading ( A Play in Six Acts ) [ dive into mark ] .
“ Act I : The act of buying
“ When someone buys a book , they are also buying the right to resell that book , to loan it out , or to even give it away if they want .
Everyone understands this .
“ Jeff Bezos , Open letter to Author ’s Guild , 2002
“ You may not sell , rent , lease , distribute , broadcast , sublicense or otherwise assign any rights to the Digital Content or any portion of it to any third party , and you may not remove any proprietary notices or labels on the Digital Content .
In addition , you may not , and you will not encourage , assist or authorize any other person to , bypass , modify , defeat or circumvent security features that protect the Digital Content .
Amazon , Kindle Terms of Service , 2007
“ Act II : The act of giving … . ”
The financial crisis that began late last summer , then took a brief vacation in September and October , is back with a vengeance .
How bad is it ?
Well , I ’ve never seen financial insiders this spooked — not even during the Asian crisis of 1997 - 98 , when economic dominoes seemed to be falling all around the world .
This time , market players seem truly horrified — because they ’ve suddenly realized that they do n’t understand the complex financial system they created .
Before I get to that , however , let ’s talk about what ’s happening right now .
Credit — lending between market players — is to the financial markets what motor oil is to car engines .
The ability to raise cash on short notice , which is what people mean when they talk about “ liquidity , ” is an essential lubricant for the markets , and for the economy as a whole .
Sidney Crosby scored a goal , assisted on two by Evgeni Malkin , and dropped the gloves for the first time in the NHL to spur the Pittsburgh Penguins to a 5 - 4 shootout victory over the Boston Bruins on Thursday night .
Boston had trailed 4 - 0 until 16:04 of the second period , coming back to earn a point when Dennis Wideman 's blast tied the game with 2:55 left in the third .
" We were heading toward embarrassment there for a while , but you have to give the guys credit for bouncing back and earning a point , " Boston coach Claude Julien said .
Erik Christensen and Kris Letang scored in the shootout to give Pittsburgh the victory .
Letang is 3 - for - 3 in shootout attempts .
Colby Armstrong had three assists for the Penguins .
Crosby helped set up Malkin 's first of the game 55 seconds in , scored his 16th of the season at 8:26 , and then assisted on Malkin 's 13th as Pittsburgh jumped to a 3 - 0 lead .
The 20 - year - old Pittsburgh captainfought Andrew Ference in the second period .
" It 's not something I 'm going to make a habit of , by any means , " Crosby said .
Journeyman goalie Ty Conklin , making his first start for Pittsburgh , stopped both shots in the shootout and helped his new club win for the second time in five games .
Conklin made 41 saves through overtime , then turned aside Phil Kessel and Marco Sturm in theshootout .
" Conks was unbelievable all game , " Christensen said .
" We 're happy , but we have to learn from this . "
The Bruins rallied on late second - period goals by Sturm and P.J. Axelsson , and got their third goal from rookie Petteri Nokelainen .
Crosby , playing in his 194th NHL game , fought Ference to at least a draw 5:09 into the second period .
Ference , given an extra two minutes for starting the fight , had a cut over his left eye but it was n't clear if that was caused by a Crosby punch or Ference 's helmet .
Conklin signed with Pittsburgh as a free agent in July and was recalled from the minors Dec. 6 when Marc - Andre Fleury sustained an ankle injury .
Boston 's Tim Thomas , returning from a seven - game absence due to a groin
strain , was beaten by the first shot he saw .
Armstrong kept the puck in the Boston zone and moved it to Crosby , who fed Malkin alone in front .
Crosby then tipped home Armstrong 's pass less than eight minutes later .
Malkin 's slap shot made it 3 - 0 at 11:53 .
Christensen tipped in Ryan Whitney 's shot to push the advantage to 4 - 0 at 11:09 of the second , bringing boos to the Bruins from the fans .
NEW YORK ( MarketWatch ) --
Gold futures surged to a new record high of $ 942.20 an ounce on Wednesday , after the Federal Reserve cut the fed funds rate by 50 basis points to 3.0 % , meeting market expectations .
Gold for April delivery soared as high as $ 942.20 an ounce in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange , hitting a new record high .
The contract was last up $ 4.20 at $ 935 an ounce .
Before the Fed decision , gold ended down $ 4.50 at $ 926.30 an ounce in regular trading .
The Federal Reserve 's 50 basis points rate cut " sets the stage for a further rally in gold , but the upside target remains near $ 940 and probably not much beyond $ 950 at the moment , " said Jon Nadler , senior analyst at Kitco Bullion Dealers .
" Conditions are becoming overbought , and South African production problems have been addressed for the time being , " Nadler said .
The Federal Reserve decided to cut interest rates by a half - point and signaled that the door remains open for more cuts , indicating it 's concerned about the economic outlook .
The bank also cut its discount rate , the interest it charges on direct loans it makes to banks , by a half - point to 3.5 % .
The Fed said that downside risks to growth remain and that it would act in a timely manner to address risk .
See The Fed .
The latest rate cut comes on the heels of an emergency rate cut of 75 basis points that the central bank delivered on Jan. 22 .
" The Fed remains behind the curve , having to cut in a hurried series , instead of a well - orchestrated cycle of adjustments that should have been initiated when the credit problem first emerged , " Nadler said .
" There is the risk of over - accommodating , and inflation also remains a threat . "
The dollar weakened against most of its major counterparts after the Fed rate cut .
The dollar index , which tracks the performance of the greenback against six other major currencies , declined 0.6 % at 75.125 .
See Currencies .
" Before this easing cycle is over , we expect the Federal Reserve to bring US interest rates down to at least 2.50 % , " said Kathy Lien , chief strategist at Forex Capital Markets LLC .
" If the economy does not improve , interest rates could realistically return to 1 % , " Lien said .
" As a result , the US dollar will not escape further weakness . "
The U.S. economy slowed sharply in the fourth quarter , growing at the weakest pace since the economy was pulling out of recession in 2002 , the Commerce Department reported on Wednesday .
The 0.6 % annualized growth rate in gross domestic product was lower than the 1.1 % expected by economists surveyed by MarketWatch .
Read more .
" I think that we will all be snapped back into reality when first - quarter GDP comes in either flat or negative , " said Zachary Oxman , a senior trader at Wisdom Financial .
" I 'd look for gold to continue to accumulate and run up to the $ 933.5 resistance level in the April contract , " Oxman said .
" Watch for funds and speculators to continue to buy into dips and for the market to be strongly supported at around $ 906 . "
Employment in the U.S. private sector grew by 130,000 jobs in January , according to the ADP employment report released Wednesday .
Adding in some 25,000 government jobs typically added but not covered by the ADP report , it suggests non-farm payrolls grew by about 155,000 in January - more than double the 70,000 economists expected before the report .
See Economic Report .
Also on Nymex , other metals prices were mixed .
March silver finished down 4 cents at $ 16.760 an ounce in regular trading , but rebounded after the Fed rate cut and was last up 10.50 cents at $ 16.905 .
April platinum ended down $ 34.50 at $ 1,687.40 an ounce and March palladium dropped $ 2.50 at $ 390.80 an ounce .
March copper declined 7.25 cents at $ 3.2265 a pound .
Metals stocks rise
Indexes tracking mining and metals shares rose on Wednesday .
The Philadelphia Gold and Silver Index XAU , +1.17 % gained 1 % at 189.30 points .
The CBOE Gold Index GOX rose 0.9 % at 197.05 points and the Amex Gold Bugs Index HUI , surged 1 % at 470.50 points .
As for the sector 's exchange - traded funds , the StreetTracks Gold Trust ETF GLD , +0.84 % rose 1 % at $ 92.06 , the iShares Silver Trust ETF SLV , +2.18 % gained 0.9 % to $ 166.75 and the Market Vectors - Gold Miners ETF GDX , +1.28 % added 0.7 % at $ 51.05 .
Gold warehouse inventories were little changed at 7.5 million troy ounces as of late Tuesday , according to Nymex data .
Silver stockpiles rose to 135 million troy ounces , up 14,276 troy ounces , while copper supplies were unchanged at 13,978 short tons .
The 34 handwritten cards were sent and signed by Chet Fitch , who died in October aged 88 , with " Heaven " given as the return address .
In a message on the cards , Mr Fitch said God had allowed him back to Earth specially to deliver the cards .
But his barber told local media they had planned the ruse together .
Patty Dean , 57 , was quoted by the Ashland Daily Tidings newspaper as saying Mr Fitch had approached her with the idea in 1987 , saying he wanted to play one last trick on people after his death .
She said he told her a week before his death that she would probably be able to send the cards this year .
' Little stinker '
The card showed Mr Fitch square - dancing with his wife Jessie , who herself died in 1995 .
I 'll probably be seeing you ( some sooner than you think ) - wishing you a very Merry Christmas
From Chet Fitch 's last message
" I asked Big Guy if I could sneak back and send some cards , " he wrote in the card .
" At first he said no ; but at my insistence he finally said , ' Oh well , what the heaven , go ahead but do n't [ tarry ] there . '
" Better get back as Big Guy said he stretched a point to let me in the first time , so I had better not press my luck , " he ended the message .
" I 'll probably be seeing you ( some sooner than you think ) .
Wishing you a very Merry Christmas . "
Friends and relatives were both amazed and amused .
Mr Fitch 's daughter , Tangren Alexander , described the card as " sweet and funny .
So much like him " .
" When I opened his card , all I could think was : ' You little stinker , ' " said Debbie Hansen - Bernard , an old friend .
This is what happens when researchers get bored in space : popping water balloons and trying to catch them in bags before ruining any electronics .
Video after the break .
Mixed in with the rent - a-rioters who stormed the New Orleans City Council meeting over public housing were a few homegrown thugs who refuse to be weaned from the public teat without a finger - pointing , racial epithet - hurling fight .
Case in point :
That angry lady in the BDS shirt shouting “ I will not be treated like a slave ! ” and “ Back up and Shut up !
Shut up , white boy !
Shut up , white boy ! ” at a citizen attending the council hearing .
Watch closely and note that there is a child behind her being subjected to her diatribe against the man .
She ’s your tax dollars at work :
Uploaded by dollarsandsense123
Nice propaganda job by the photo caption writer , who whitewashed the angry racist rant .
They were just , you know , “ talking to ” a man…at the top of their lungs :
So , does she look familiar ?
This Sharon Jasper is the same Sharon Jasper profiled in the New Orleans Times - Picayune sulking in her government - subsidized apartment with hardwood floors and HUGEtastic flat - screen television and complaining that it ’s a “ slum : ”
Jasper moaned :
Sharon Jasper , a former St. Bernard complex resident presented by activists Tuesday as a victim of changing public housing policies , took a moment before the start of the City Hall protest to complain about her subsidized private apartment , which she called a “ slum . ”
A HANO voucher covers her rent on a unit in an old Faubourg St. John home , but she said she faced several hundred dollars in deposit charges and now faces a steep utility bill .
Heaven forbid
The Man expect her to pay her own damned security deposits and utility bills like the rest of us !
Sell the behemoth TV , for crying out loud .
More :
“ I ’m tired of the slum landlords , and I ’m tired of the slum houses , ” she said .
Pointing across the street to an encampment of homeless people at Duncan Plaza , Jasper said , “ I might do better out here with one of these tents . ”
Jasper , who later allowed a photographer to tour the subsidized apartment , also complained about missing window screens , a slow leak in a sink , a warped back door and a few other details of a residence that otherwise appeared to have been recently renovated .
Well , if “ slums ” come with TVs the size of my car , where can I sign up ?
***
I ’d ask the reporter who toured Jasper ’s government - subsidized apartment if he saw what kind of car (s ) she had ( any SUVs ?
Suburbans ?
huge pick - up trucks ?) – but then I ’d be accused of , you know , “ stalking . ”
***
Go to The Mighty Favog ’s blog here and here for great takedowns of this monstrous ingrate .
More blogger reax here .
And more from Rod Dreher .
Beth at My VWRC points out that Jasper “ is n’t just some random ‘ victim ’ picked off the streets by activists .
She IS an activist herself , according to none other than the New Orleans Labor Media Project , which is very much a part of the protests . ”
Jasper is fighting back .
She spearheads a tenant association that is working with the AFL - CIO ’s Gulf Coast Revitalization Program to convince local authorities to rehabilitate rather than annihilate public housing stock .
“ We , the poor working class , are the people who helped build this city , ” Jasper says , jabbing her finger into the air , as if she were about to pull down the menacing barbed wire barrier .
“ We have a right to return . ”
“ Working ? ” Laura at Pursuing Holiness notes that Jasper has admitted to being on the dole for 57 out of her 58 years .
“ Right to return ? ” Taxpayers have a right to tell their government to return their hard - earned money being squandered by race - hustling grievance - mongers like the loud - mouthed TV lady .
She should turn her jabbing finger towards herself and follow her own advice :
Shut up .
***
Louisiana ’s GOP Governor - elect Bobby Jindal takes office Jan. 14 .
And not a minute too soon .
The central thorn in Fort Collins ’s dilemma , some land - use and energy experts say , is that local and global simply do not mean what they once did .
“ Politically it ’s going to become more complicated , ” said Bill Klein , the director of research at the American Planning Association , a nonprofit group that works with local governments .
“ There ’s always been this weighing of our individual desires against the greater good , but now we ’re becoming much more attuned to a global responsibility , ” Mr. Klein said .
“ We ’ve got to question some of the knee - jerk responses that we ’ve had in the past . ”
What green energy even means these days is probably the next question to ask .
Gov. Bill Ritter Jr. , a Democrat who was elected last year and who has made what he calls “ the new energy economy ” a centerpiece of his administration , does not include uranium mining in the green portfolio , said Tom Plant , the director of the governor ’s energy office .
Mine regulators still handle questions about uranium , Mr. Plant said .
Ron Cattany , the director of the division of reclamation , mining and safety at the Colorado Department of Natural Resources , said that Powertech had not yet filed a formal application , but that the hurdles to opening any kind of new mine in Colorado , regardless of the location , were high .
Image Scientists tested the chemistry of the groundwater at the planned mine site .
Credit ... Kevin Moloney for the New York Times
There is no doubt that new money is chasing new energy .
Company officials at Powertech , which is based in Denver , said they had spent more than $ 2 million so far buying land , or the option to buy , in the area where their proposed drilling would take place .
They bought the minerals beneath the surface last year for an undisclosed price , and under what is called “ split estate , ” that gives them title to the uranium , no matter who owns the land on top of it .
Test drilling in the 1970s confirmed the existence of about 9.7 million pounds of uranium in deposits under 5,700 acres , according to the company ’s Web site .
At the current market price , which has risen about 30 percent in the last year , the ore would be worth about $ 860 million .
Amazon 's just bought audiobook provider Audible , the exclusive provider of audiobooks to iTunes , Amazon 's rival for audio downloads .
Even though Apple says it prefers that its suppliers deliver non-DRM media ( and even though Audible 's DRM does nothing to prevent piracy ) , Audible has a mandatory DRM policy for the books it sells .
That is to say , even if they author does n't want DRM on his or her books , Audible will only deliver those books with DRM on them .
As part of the deal , an Amazon spokesman said :
Audible 's audio books are wrapped in a layer of DRM , which Amazon does not plan to remove unless customers start to complain .
Mike adds , " Audible audio books are the last source of media I purchase that includes DRM I can't easily bypass .
Books , of all things , should be open and protected .
I should n't have to wear special glasses to read a particular novel – nor should I need a special player to listen to a particular novel .
What do people recommend we do to show Amazon the advantage of releasing audiobooks without DRM ? "
It 's a good question .
I 'm an audiobook junkie — I 've spent thousands of dollars on Audible books over the years , hoping that the problem of DRM would never bite me in the ass .
Of course , it did — when I switched away from iTunes , I had to spend a solid month , running two Powerbooks , full time , to get the DRM off my Audible audiobooks by playing them back in realtime while capturing the audio with Audio Hijack Pro .
Since then , I 've learned my lesson : I order my audiobooks on CD and rip them manually , which is a huge pain in the ass , but way more future - proof than Audible 's products .
Let 's hope that Amazon does the right thing here , following the DRM - free ethos in its music store — and the DRM - free ethos in the CD audiobooks it sells ( I 've diverted all the money I used to spent on Audible audiobooks to buying audiobooks on CD from Amazon anyway ) .
Link
( Thanks , Mike ! )
Real Clear Politics is my favorite place to go to look up how candidates are doing in the nation and in Iowa .
They list a number of polling companies ’ results and then provide their own average , but upon closer inspection , the polls that they present are not very straightforward .
Take a look at their latest results in Iowa , for example :
Iowa Democratic Caucus Thursday , January 3 | Delegates at Stake : 45 Poll Date Sample Clinton Edwards Obama Richardson Biden Spread RCP Average 12/20 to 12/28 – 29.8 26.5 26.3 5.3 4.8 Clinton +3.3 American Res. Group 12/26 – 12/28 600 LV
31 24 24 5 5 Clinton +7.0 Strategic Vision ( R ) 12/26 – 12/27 600 LV
29 28 30 2 5 Obama +1.0 Quad City Times 12/26 – 12/27 500 LV
28 29 29 7 3 Tie LA Times / Bloomberg 12/20 – 12/26 389 LV
31 25 22 7 6 Clinton +6.0
These results can be grouped into two pairs – one that shows a dead heat , and another that shows a significant lead for Clinton .
Also note that the spread of Clinton ’s results is only 3 % ( 28 is the lowest , 31 the highest ) .
Edwards has a spread of 5 % , and Obama has a spread of 8 % , from 22 to 30 .
I can only guess that this would tell us that Clinton is most likely to finish where the polls predict , but that the other candidates ’ results will be much harder to gauge .
Also , I ’d agree that the RCP averages split the difference and reduce the risk of being totally wrong , but when 4 polling outfits return 2 types of results , you have to wonder at their methods and accuracy .
I think its more likely that the truth lies at one of the two results than between them .
For more on polling and its statistical complications , including the effect of margins of error , the normal distribution , and sample size , check this primer .
WorldWatch
First appeared in print in The Rhinoceros Times , Greensboro , NC
By Orson Scott Card December 1 , 2007
A Stand - up President
I keep hearing how Ronald Reagan was such a great president because he always stood up for what he believed and did the right thing no matter what .
Funny -- that 's not the Ronald Reagan I saw .
I watched Ronald Reagan start us down the long ugly road of capitulating to Muslim terrorists .
Maybe there was no choice but to withdraw the Marines after the barracks was bombed in Lebanon in 1983 .
Certainly we could not invade Lebanon .
But the withdrawal was exactly what the terrorists wanted .
And Osama had one of his best examples of how America can be given a tiny defeat and they 'll give up and go home .
Even with tough - guy Reagan as president !
The place where Reagan 's foreign policy earned my disgust was when he traded arms to Iran in exchange for hostages .
This is the opposite of what a tough , strong - minded leader does .
The President of the United States has the responsibility to refuse to allow hostage - taking to pay .
He rewarded it .
I was also disgusted with the fact that he signed a law cutting off funding for the Contras in Nicaragua -- and then funded them behind Congress 's back using off - the - books money from his arms - for - hostages deal .
I do n't think it was impeachable , but I do believe it was dishonorable .
If he believed the Contras should be funded , he should have vetoed the bill .
He should have stood for something , instead of sneaking for it .
Which is not to deny the things that Reagan did right .
I just want it on record that I 'm not a Reaganite , never was one , never will be .
And I 'm a bit weary of hearing Republicans speak of Reagan worshipfully -- kind of the way Democrats speak of " the Clinton years . "
Give me a break .
Not that George H.W. was much tougher .
Yes , after a little equivocating , he took a firm stand on Saddam 's invasion of Kuwait ; but I remember how quickly he moved to accommodate the guys who staged the coup in Russia -- until Yeltsin and a crowd of supporters stood up against the tanks in Red Square .
I know that compromise is the essence of getting things done politically -- but there are times when a president has to draw a line in the sand .
Times when he has to make a decision about what 's right and then stick with it .
George W. Bush has made plenty of mistakes .
Probably the biggest one was thinking that just because he could get along with Democrats in Texas , he could get along with Democrats in Congress .
Silly man !
Democrats in Texas care about governing Texas .
Democrats in Congress care only about gaining political advantage .
Slow learner , there , Mr. President !
But part of Bush 's legacy will be this :
He learns from his mistakes , but he does n't back down when he believes he 's right .
The obvious example is Iraq , and now , when the Democrats are panicking for fear we might be victorious in that campaign , it 's easy to forget how much guts it took for the President not to accede to the Democrats ' demands to withdraw from Iraq , the way his father bowed to their demand that he break his promise and raise taxes .
But we 've had another example recently : the breakthrough in stem cell technology that allows us to have all the stem cells we need , taken from people 's own bodies so there 'll be no rejection problem -- without having to use any dead embryos .
How many years now has Bush been beaten up by so - called " scientists " because he is so heartless and unfeeling and religious that he forces the rest of us to do without vital research just because Christians get all sentimental about embryos .
The truth was never what they claimed .
Bush never banned stem cell research .
In fact , he was the first president to allow federal funding of stem cell research .
Clinton did n't do it .
Nobody had done it .
Bush did it .
But there was a serious risk of embryos being created solely for the purpose of destroying them in order to get stem cells from them .
It 's bad enough that we slaughter millions of embryos for the convenience of people who can't be bothered with contraception or abstention or pregnancy -- that 's a moral nightmare already -- but to make it so that serious scientific research depends on our harvest of dead embryos would be putting the federal stamp of approval on wholesale abortion .
So Bush struck what seemed a reasonable balance :
He would allow federal funding of research on embryonic stem cells for the first time ever , but only on tissue lines that were already developed and being studied ; no federal dollars could be used on new lines that depended on new dead embryos .
Meanwhile , foundations and other governments were free to fund anything they wanted .
There was no ban .
Never .
Those who called it a ban were liars , and do n't you forget that .
But we saw , month after month and year after year , in science magazines and in the press and on TV , people sniping at Bush for his " ban " on vital research .
( Never mind that it was never shown that embryonic stem cells actually did anything useful -- it is still just a hope . )
Bush never backed down .
He had compromised as far as he could , without bending his understanding of the principle of the sanctity of human life that civilization depends on .
And now it turns out that stem cell research can be done -- and done far better -- without touching a single embryo .
Do you really believe that without President Bush 's non-banning " ban " there would have been any urgent incentive to find an alternative source of stem cells ?
Maybe -- the need for stem cells that wo n't be rejected because they come from the patient 's own body might have been enough of a prod .
Eventually .
Now , the President had no way of knowing that scientists would find a better alternative .
He did n't take his stand because of that .
Instead , he weighed the hope of good results from research against the certainty of the killing of embryos and found a compromise he could live with .
There were plenty of people more conservative than Bush who thought he was stepping onto a " slippery slope " by allowing federal funding of stem cell research at all .
But Bush found a moral balance , drew the line , and stuck with it .
No sneaking .
No backsliding .
The insane Left loves to call Bush a liar , though they have no evidence of any lies -- they have to redefine " lie " in order to make any kind of case .
The insane Left also likes to claim that Bush stole the election , even though any rational observer knows that the selective recount in Florida by the Democrats was the only attempt to steal the election , and the Supreme Court merely stopped it and made everybody obey the law , which meant Bush was elected .
But Bush is not a liar .
And Bush is not a thief .
You may disagree with him .
You may think he has made terrible mistakes .
But he is an honest and honorable man who has , to the best of his knowledge and ability , done what was right for America and for the world .
We keep being warned about the hideous consequences of electing Bush or of enacting the laws he proposes .
But I remember all those threats and warnings .
Bush was going to bring back Jim Crow .
Well , seven years into his presidency , he still has n't done it .
The Patriot Act was going to turn America into a fascist nation .
Well , it has n't happened -- despite the weird fantasies of the insane Left who talk as if it had .
We 've had , for seven years , a President who has thought carefully and sought a balance between compelling opposites .
We had to find a way to effectively find terrorists before they acted , without wrecking the Constitution .
So President Bush asked for the tools he needed in the Patriot Act , and used other tools that other Presidents had used , including Democrats , and it worked .
So far , anyway .
Yet he has been savaged by the insane Left , who ignore the fact that the President has sought a fair balance every step of the way .
The insane Right is just as bad .
You'd think the President had burned the flag when he proposed a kind of amnesty for illegal aliens whose only crime was working hard for ridiculously low wages in order to feed their families , and whose primary effect on America was to keep prices low for all of us -- which , by the way , is the very heavy tax that the illegals have paid the whole time they 've been in this country .
It was a compromise .
They would have to take serious steps to acquire legal status , but they would not be punished more than their " crime " warranted -- they'd have to go back to their home country and tag up before they could return .
But the vindictive forces of racism and nativism , just like their lunatic kin of the Left , did not accept a rational compromise that would preserve the economic contribution of these immigrants , and allow them to take their place in the long line of immigrants who made this country great despite the fears of two hundred years of Know - nothings .
When you see how President Bush has had to deal with intransigent stupidity and insane vindictiveness from both extremes , the miracle is that he still stands firm , quietly ( and , yes , inarticulately ) doing the job he was elected to do : Preserve this country from its enemies and guard the Constitution from those who would replace it with their own vision of " purity " that tramples on the rights and interests of anyone who bothers them .
That is the legacy of President Bush :
The sense to find principled compromise and the courage and strength to stand for those principles .
Even veteran online players can become overwhelmed when trying to choose from the many top - online real money gaming sites .
With all these sites to choose from , the player has hundreds of games available for selection as the best online casino real money with Paypal and many other payment methods .
This vast array of overwhelming options can be easily navigated without much effort .
The key to navigating these countless gaming sites lies in the payout statistics or the percentage of the players ’ wagers that are returned from winnings during an allotted time .
Another important indicator would be periodical large payouts from online casino games for real money .
With this vast volume of gaming payout statistics floating all around the internet , the very serious business of choosing the best money gaming site can be much easier by simply doing the homework .
First I ’d like to mention Bovada .
You can check out our answer to the question : Is Bovada legit ?
Virgin Casino partners with Tropicana
Tropicana has been in New Jersey since 2013 when Jersey began admitting real money gaming .
Partnering with Virgin Casino , Tropicana is just as successful at offering players the games they want to play with strong payout percentages of online casinos real money with Paypal .
Both the Tropicana and Virgin Casino present players with a user - friendly format and more than a 96 % payout rate .
Party Casino
Party Casino features a highly respected payout rate of over 96 % with real money online casino with Paypal and an exceptionally user - friendly design that brings the players a bit of entertainment as well as an intuitive interface .
This gaming house proudly boasts the offers of top developers and is constantly adding new titles to their already magnificent selection of new and exciting games .
Golden Nugget
An original Casino online real money Las Vegas strip mainstay , the Golden Nugget has branched out nationwide with their online games .
The Golden Nugget was inspired by the gold rush and boasts a pay rate of 97 % .
This gold rush inspired gamer offers games by the biggest developers .
While this casino presents a theme form the days of the wild wild west , it is most certainly the forefront of modern - day gaming action allowing players to enjoy a classic Vegas gaming house from their home .
Caesars
The iconic Caesars Entertainment from Las Vegas , online casino games real money has finally extended to New Jersey with a massive collection of online casino games real money , including slots , roulette , poker and many other games from the industries top developers .
This Roman themed gamer is an industry giant with nearly a 98 % pay rate that keeps players coming back .
888 Casino
888 Casino is a real one of a kind gaming titan and is the proof is in the quality of play .
With more than a 98 % average pay rate , there may be no better place to enjoy gaming than this user - friendly industry giant .
This gamer has nailed the gaming concept and has been very successful in their implementation .
888 Casino presents eyepopping displays with a one - of - a - kind exciting interface that places them at the top of the gaming destination field .
The player that likes winning real money online and is seeking an online gambling real money casino and the best online casino real money with Paypal adventure should visit each of these sites for the ultimate real online casino experience .
This summer , scientists mapped more than 20,000 square miles in the Gulf of Mexico .
The red lines indicate newly mapped areas of the continental shelf . *
Illustration : Chuck Carter / Paul Morin *
Two and a half miles below the bright , icy surface of the North Pole , in the dark calm of the deep , a robotic arm extending from a submarine jammed a 3 - foot Russian flag into the ocean floor .
The audacious move , captured by underwater cameras mounted on the face of the sub , made headlines around the globe in August .
Not since the scramble to the pole a century ago had there been such nationalistic bravado at the top of the world .
With five countries — Russia , Canada , the US , Norway , and Denmark — looking north , Russia 's claim was heralded as the beginning of what could become a mad scrum over trillions of dollars in untapped oil and natural gas in one of the last regions on earth where geopolitical lines have yet to be drawn .
Some 3,200 miles and 47 degrees of latitude away , at the University of New Hampshire 's Center for Coastal and Ocean Mapping ( CCOM ) , Jim Gardner followed the action with intense interest and a wry smile .
One of the country 's foremost marine geologists , Gardner knew the flag - planting itself was meaningless ; it gave the Russians as much legal claim to the undersea Arctic as the US got to the moon when Armstrong and Aldrin put up the Stars and Stripes in the Sea of Tranquility .
He also knew , however , that the Russians had a legitimate reason to celebrate .
The stunt capped off a Russian study of vast swaths of uncharted seafloor , including the survey of an undersea mountain range called the Lomonosov Ridge .
Canada and Denmark are also arguing that the ridge is their own , but Russia 's new maps could prove it actually belongs to Moscow .
And it 's this kind of work — not the flag - planting — that is at the center of the current " landgrab " in the Arctic , and indeed across the globe .
For centuries , nations marked what they owned at sea by measuring out from their shoreline .
But in 1994 , the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea took effect .
It stated that countries can move their boundary lines to the edge of their continental shelf — this can give them more territory but is difficult to determine .
Today , as sea ice thaws and undersea mapping technology improves , countries are rushing to assert their ownership over potentially lucrative chunks of extra turf .
To assert sovereignty over its submerged continental shelf , a nation has to map multiple off - shore points .
Among them : the area where the ocean depth drops to 2,500 meters , and the place where a country 's land mass drops off to become seafloor , a spot called the foot of the continental slope .
If these points are farther out than current boundaries , there may be a case for extending the oceanic property line .
But the foot of the slope can be tricky to locate .
Think of a continent as a big rock sitting in a bathtub , and imagine that a chunk of it rises out of the water .
The question for scientists is , where does the rock end and the acrylic tub begin ?
It sounds simple enough , but imagine now that your tub is also made of rock , and that smaller rocks are piled up all over the place .
Because new territory could mean new natural resources , CCOM researchers , tapped by the US government and led by Gardner , have been silently scanning for six years now — mapping the frozen north as well as the Bering Sea , the gulfs of Alaska and Mexico , the Atlantic Margin off the East Coast , and the Marianas in the Pacific .
They 're racing to prove the US controls more territory than anyone thought .
Alaska , for example , could extend 150 miles farther into the Arctic Ocean than today 's maps show .
And the country 's sovereignty may not end off the shore of the Gulf Coast ; it 's really more like the middle of the Gulf of Mexico .
Of course , if everyone 's territory extends an extra 150 miles , then a lot of countries are going to be planting their colors in the same ground .
Britain , which claimed a certain chunk of Antarctica a century ago , has already gotten into a scuffle with Argentina and Chile about overlapping claims near the South Pole .
The same thing will almost certainly happen in the Arctic , with a big battle brewing between Russia , Denmark , and Canada over the Lomonosov Ridge .
Conservative estimates suggest that a new set of boundaries could cause the US to " grow " by at least 386,000 square miles , and the oil , gas , and other resources contained in that area could be worth about $ 1.3 trillion .
With so much money at stake , Gardner 's job is to collect the data that will allow his country to extend its fence line as far as the science can justify .
Jim Gardner 's maps could give the US access to a trillion dollars in untapped oil and natural gas .
Photo : Chris MuellerA bespectacled guy with a solid build and white beard that makes him look at home at sea , Gardner has been poking and plumbing and scanning the ocean floor since the 1960s .
Twenty - five years ago , when the standard limit on territorial claims was 200 miles out from shore , he led the project to map the United States ' undersea territory .
Now , faced with the possibility that the country could outgrow those drawings , Gardner has put off retirement .
He 's commanding a 247 - foot research ship that passes over places where the exact topography of the continental shelf is unknown , shooting down sound waves and then figuring out what the seafloor looks like by how the signals bounce back up .
His boat crosses back and forth in a process he compares to " mowing a giant lawn . "
Down in the ship 's belly , Gardner monitors a bank of computer screens linked to a sonar system called a multibeam echosounder , which is affixed to the ship 's hull in the shape of a cross .
Forming the long part of the cross are sonar devices that repeatedly shoot bursts of sound into the water .
Each blast lasts a mere 15 milliseconds , and as the sound waves bounce back , they 're picked up by receiving sensors that make up the crosslike array 's other line .
Motion sensors link up with the computers and compensate for the roll of the ocean .
" Even though the ship is flopping and these angles are shifting , the system is keeping the data stable by making adjustments hundreds of times every second , " Gardner says .
The boat 's onboard GPS is also connected to Gardner 's computers , syncing the soundings with the ship 's location .
To calibrate the data , Gardner also fires disposable thermometers down into the water , making him look somewhat like a whaler harpooning minnows .
The instrument , called an expendable bathythermograph , is little more than a shaped weight with a temperature sensor inside .
As they sink , they spit numbers back to the surface , allowing Gardner to plot the temperature of the water at various depths — the colder the water , the slower his sound waves will travel — and adjust the information he gets from the echosounder .
In the Arctic waters , there 's an additional challenge created by the presence of ice : Listening to underwater sounds is n't easy when your sensors are distracted by the thud - thud of the ship plowing through chunks of ice the size of buses .
The looming threat of overlapping claims is creating tension in the Arctic , where the bounty is greatest and the boundaries are faintest .
During one cruise near Siberia , researchers from the New Hampshire team were buzzed by a Russian reconnaissance plane that had been scrambled to the area to keep an eye on the US scientists .
Last summer , during a military exercise dubbed Operation Nanook , Canada announced it would construct up to eight new naval ships to patrol the Arctic region and also build an army training center there .
Of course , in the annals of maritime property rights , militarist undertones are nothing new .
A country 's nautical reach was once governed by the so - called Cannon Shot Rule , a doctrine that gave countries control of waters up to 3 miles out — roughly the range of a cannon in the 17th century .
Advances in artillery notwithstanding , the 3 - mile rule held sway into the 20th century , in large part because no one thought there was much beyond that distance worth claiming .
In 1945 , to tap newly reachable offshore oil resources , President Harry Truman unilaterally proclaimed that the US boundary was henceforth extended to its continental shelf .
The pronouncement prompted other countries to take similar stands and inevitably led to more than a little confusion about what exactly constituted a continental shelf .
Four decades later , the UN created the Law of the Sea treaty and defined the term more precisely .
Countries were given 10 years after ratification to submit maps to the UN with their proposed boundaries — a deadline fast approaching for many nations .
So far , the UN's Commission on the Limits of the Continental Shelf has received petitions for boundary extensions from nine countries and given recommendations on three of them .
But many more nations are likely to file soon , and the UN will almost certainly find itself faced with overlapping claims to the rich Arctic — particularly near the area Russia mapped before brazenly planting its flag .
The US is the one industrialized country that has yet to ratify the accord , mainly because some Republican senators opposed to extending international law have long stood in the way .
But with oil prices high , and Arctic bounty seeming ever more reachable , President Bush has voiced support , and most experts expect the Senate to vote for ratification .
Then , the quicker Washington can submit a claim , the quicker it can use its new resources .
That 's why the State Department is beginning the process of assessing the CCOM maps — beautiful images that show the ocean bottom as a world of canyons and rocky walls , all rendered in a rainbow of colors that delineate depths .
When Gardner pulls up a profile of the continental shelf south of the Gulf Coast , facing west , the deep ocean floor spreads out on the left side of his computer screen , while the last bits of the continental shelf rise in a jagged saw - tooth pattern to the right .
He can then zoom in close , looking for the foot of the slope .
Eventually , diplomats and scientists will use a complex formula to draw property lines out beyond the standard 200 - nautical - mile zone .
" They 're going to have their work cut out for them , " he says .
" Our job is to give them the science . "
For that to happen , Gardner needs to spend more time on the boat .
On a muggy morning last summer , the vessel Northern Resolution cut an imposing figure churning south from the shipyards of Pinto Island , Alabama , through the gunmetal - colored waters of Mobile Bay , and into the Gulf of Mexico .
Gardner 's itinerary on this cruise , his second of three last year , covered more than 20,000 square miles .
Out on the sun-scorched deck , the breeze was hot and thick , pushing low - rolling breakers back toward the shore .
Belowdecks , the stale air was chilled with AC and full of the low , rumbling hum of the ship 's engines .
Gardner was all smiles .
" I 've been at sea long enough to know that from up there oceans all look the same , " Gardner says .
" But down here , we get to see something for the first time . "
Geoffrey Gagnon ( geoffrey.gagnon@gmail.com ) wrote about Penn & Teller in issue 14.11 .
FEATURE Russia Contests Borders With Canada , Denmark and the United States The Last Great Landgrab
Firefox の新規プロファイルを作ってから約 1 ヶ月。やっとカスタマイズが一段落ついた。
ついでなので、メモも兼ねてここに色々と記しておく。やたら長いから気を引き締めて。ちなみに、これで 1 日潰れた。
user.js
基本的に about : config を開いて、そこで設定値を変更して動作確認してから user.js に書き込む。こいつに色々と書き込んで設定*1しておくと、新規プロファイル作成時に user.js をコピーしてくるだけで、基本設定*2が終わってしまうという素晴らしさ。
以下は中身 。
/* ===== UI ====================================*/ // XULアプリのエラーを表示(デバッグ用 ) //user_pref ( " javascript.options.strict " , true ) ; //user_pref ( " javascript.options.showInConsole " , true ) ; // ソースの表示でシンタックスハイライトを有効にするか user_pref (" view_source.syntax_highlight " , true ) ; // ソースの表示で長い行を自動的に折り返すか user_pref (" view_source.wrap_long_lines " , true ) ; // メニューのアクセスに対応するキーコードは何か( 18:Alt ) user_pref (" ui.key.menuAccessKey " , 18 ) ; // アクセスキーでメニューにフォーカスするか user_pref (" ui.key.menuAccessKeyFocuses " , true ) ; // メニューのアクセスキー表示の扱い(文字列 ) // true : 常にラベルの後ろに表示 // false : ラベルにアクセスキーと同じアルファベットがあると下線で、無い場合はラベルの後ろに表示 // 0 : アクセスキーを無効(だっけ? ) user_pref ( " intl.menuitems.alwaysappendaccesskeys " , " false " ) ; // ロケーションバーの移動ボタンを消去するか user_pref ( " browser.urlbar.hideGoButton " , true ) ; // ロケーションバークリックで全て選択するか user_pref ( " browser.urlbar.clickSelectsAll " , true ) ; // ロケーションバーか らBrowse By Name user_pref ( " keyword .URL " , " http://www.google.com/search?ie=UTF-8&sourceid=navclient&gfns=1&q= " ) ; // 上記のkeyword.URLを使用するか user_pref (" keyword.enabled " , true ) ; // BackSpaceキーの動 作( Shift+BackSpaceで逆の動作 ) // 0 : ページの履歴を戻る // 1 : ページをスクロールアップ // 2 : 何もしない user_pref ( " browser.backspace_action " , 2 ) ; // 1行テキストボックスに改行を含む文字列を張り付けするときの動作を設定 // 0 : 改行も含めてそのまま貼り付ける( Linux でのデフォルト ) // 1 : 最初の行だけを貼り付け る( Linux 以外のデフォルト ) // 2 : 改行をスペースに置き換える // 3 : 改行を削除する // 4 : 改行をコンマに置き換える user_pref ( " editor.singleLine.pasteNewlines " , 2 ) ; // クリック予想先を先読みするか user_pref (" network.prefetch-next " , false ) ; // フォームや検索バーに入力した情報を保存するか user_pref ( " browser.formfill.enable " , true ) ; // 複数のタブを開いているときにブラウザを閉じようとした場合、確認するか user_pref ( " browser.tabs.warnOnClose " , false ) ; // throbber をクリックしたときに読み込まれるページの URL ( 複数不可 ) user_pref ( " browser.throbber.url " , " about : config " ) ; // フォントの最小サイズ user_pref ( " font.minimum-size.ja " , 12 ) ; // オートスクロールを有効にするか user_pref (" general.autoScroll " , true ) ; // スムーズスクロールを有効にするか user_pref (" general.smoothScroll " , false ) ; // 入力フィールドでのスペルチェック(辞書を導入している場合のみ ) // 0 : 無効 // 1 : 複数行フィールド( デフォルト ) // 2 : 複数行・1行フィールド user_pref ( " layout.spellcheckDefault " , 2 ) ; // ブックマークマネージャのブックマークをどのようにソートするか // descending : ソートしない // natural : アルファベット順に昇順 A - Z // ascending : アルファベット順に降順 Z - A user_pref ( " browser.bookmarks.sort.direction " , " descending " ) ; /* ----- マウスホイール ------------------------*/ // withnokey : キーなし // withaltkey : Alt // withcontrolkey : Ctrl // withshiftkey : Shift // withmetakey : Win ?? // どの種類の動作をするのか // 0 : numlines プロパティで与えられる行数単位で文書をスクロールする
// 1 : 一ページ単位で文書をスクロールする // 2 : 履歴を戻る/進む // 3 : テキストを大きく/小さくする user_pref ( " mousewheel.withnokey.action " , 0 ) ; // スクロールする行数の単位はいくつか user_pref ( " mousewheel.withnokey.numlines " , 5 ) ; // スクロールする行数の単位を決めるのにシステムのプロパティを使用するか user_pref ( " mousewheel.withnokey.sysnumlines " , false ) ; // スクロールバー上での中クリックでその位置まで一気にスクロールするか user_pref (" middlemouse.scrollbarPosition " , true ) ; /* ----- favicon
-------------------------------*/ // そのサイトが設定していなくてもfavicon.icoを読みに行くか user_pref ( " browser.chrome.favicons " , true ) ; // そのサイトで設定したfaviconを読みに行くか user_pref ( " browser.chrome.site_icons " , true ) ; // ツールバーでfaviconを表示するか // 0 : 常に非表示 // 1 : キャッシュから表示 // 2 : 常に表示 user_pref ( " browser.chrome.load_toolbar_icons " , 1 ) ; // 何ピクセルまでの画像がタブ(またはロケーションバー)にサムネイル表示されるのか // ( 画像を直接開いたときにサムネイル化しないように ) user_pref ( " browser.chrome.image_icons.max_size " , 16 ) ; /* ----- ダウンロード
--------------------------*/ // アラート表示の1フレームに変えるピクセルの大きさ [ デフォルト値:1 ] user_pref ( " alerts.slideIncrement " , 3 ) ; // アラート表示の1フレームを表示する時間(単位:ミリ秒) [ デフォルト値:10 ] user_pref ( " alerts.slideIncrementTime " , 30 ) ; // アラートを表示する時間(単位:ミリ秒) [ デフォルト値:4000 ] user_pref ( " alerts.totalOpenTime " , 1500 ) ; // ダウンロードマネージャから消去するタイミング // 0 : ダウンロード正常終了時 // 1 : ブラウザ終了時 // 2 : デフォルト - 自動削除しない user_pref ( " browser.download.manager.retention " , 1 ) ; // ダウンロード開始時にマネージャを表示するか user_pref ( " browser.download.manager.showWhenStarting " , false ) ; // ダウンロード完了時にアラートを表示するか user_pref ( " browser.download.manager.showAlertOnComplete " , true ) ; /* ----- ページ内制御
--------------------------*/ // ページ内アクセスキーをAltで機能させる user_pref (" ui.key.generalAccessKey " , 18 ) ; // 読み込んだ画像に表示領域に合うように縮小するか user_pref ( " browser.enable_automatic_image_resizing " , false ) ; // 点滅効果を有効にするか user_pref ( " browser.blink_allowed " , false ) ; // 右クリック禁止させないか user_pref (" nglayout.events.dispatchLeftClickOnly " , true ) ; // marquee ( 文字のスクロール表示 ) を有効にするか( 効果が無い ? ) user_pref ( " browser.display.enable_marquee " , false ) ; // フレームを常にリサイズ可能にするか user_pref ( " layout.frames.force_resizability " , true ) ; // エラーの表示をダイアログからエラーページに変更するか user_pref ( " browser.xul.error_pages.enabled " , true ) ; /* ===== タブ制御 ==============================*/ // ブラウザの起動時に開くページ // 0 : 空白 // 1 : ホームページ // 2 : 最後に表示していたページ // 3 : 最後に開いていたタブ全部 user_pref ( " browser.startup.page " , 3 ) ; // 新規タブの内容 // -1 : ブラウザの起動ページ // 0 : 空白 // 1 : ホームページ // 2 : 最後に訪れたページ user_pref ( " browser.tabs.loadOnNewTab " , 0 ) ; // タブが1つの時にタブバーを隠す user_pref ( " browser.tabs.autoHide " , false ) ; // タブの閉じるボタンの表示 // 0 : アクティブなタブだけ表示 // 1 : すべてのタブに表示 // 2 : すべてのタブに非表示 // 3 : 一番端っこに表示 user_pref ( " browser.tabs.closeButtons " , 2 ) ; // タブを閉じた時、元のタブにフォーカスするか(あまり効果が無い) user_pref ( " browser.tabs.selectOwnerOnClose " , true ) ; // タブ復元の記憶数 user_pref ( " browser.sessionstore.max_tabs_undo " , 25 ) ; // リンクを中クリックしたときにタブで開くか user_pref ( " browser.tabs.opentabfor.middleclick " , true ) ; // アドレスバーから新しいタブで開くか user_pref ( " browser.tabs.opentabfor.urlbar " , true ) ; // 検索バーの結果を新しいタブで開くか user_pref ( " browser.search.openintab " , true ) ; // 新しいタブをバックグラウンドで開くか user_pref ( " browser.tabs.loadInBackground " , false ) ; // 新しいタブでブックマークを開くとき、そのタブはバックグラウンドで開くか user_pref ( " browser.tabs.loadBookmarksInBackground " , false ) ; // ブックマークフォルダを開く場合にタブを置き換えるか user_pref ( " browser.tabs.selectOwnerOnClose " , false ) ; // タブ・ウィンドウに関する詳細オプションを表示する user_pref ( " browser.tabs.showSingleWindowModePrefs " , true ) ; // 外部アプリケーションからのリンク挙動 // 1 : 現在のタブ( ウィンドウ ) に開く // 2 : 新しいウインドウで開く // 3 : 新しいタブで開く user_pref ( " browser.link.open_external " , 3 ) ; // 新しいウインドウを開くリンクの挙動( JS含む) // 1 : 現在のタブ( ウィンドウ ) に開く // 2 : 新しいウインドウで開く // 3 : 新しいタブで開く user_pref ( " browser.link.open_newwindow " , 3 ) ; // 新しいウィンドウの制限を変更
// 0 : 新しいウィンドウをすべて現在のタブ(ウィンドウ)または新しいタブに開く // 1 : JavaScript によって開かれるウィンドウは対象外とする
// 2 : サイズ・位置・ツールバーの指定が含まれる JavaScript ウィンドウは対象外とする user_pref ( " browser.link.open_newwindow.restriction " , 0 ) ; /* ===== Find As You Type ======================*/ //
Find As You Type を有効にするか user_pref ( " accessibility.typeaheadfind " , true ) ; // 文字入力を始めた途端 、Find
As You Type を自動的にスタートするか // false ( デフォルト ) の場合、検索の前に / ( テキスト検索 ) か ' ( リンク検索 ) キーを押 す user_pref ( " accessibility.typeaheadfind.autostart " , true ) ; // 通常のテキストを検索しないか user_pref ( " accessibility.typeaheadfind.linksonly " , false ) ; // 必ずリンクから検索を始めるか user_pref ( " accessibility.typeaheadfind.startlinksonly " , false ) ; // キーストロークの監視を止めるまでの時間をミリ秒で設定 user_pref ( " accessibility.typeaheadfind.timeout " , 5000 ) ; // デフォルト:3000 /* ===== JavaScript ============================*/ // ウィンドウを移動させたり、大きさを変更させたりしないようにするか user_pref (" dom.disable_window_move_resize " , true ) ; // ウィンドウをリサイズ不可能にするか user_pref (" dom.disable_window_open_feature.resizable " , true ) ; // ウィンドウを最小化不可能にするか user_pref (" dom.disable_window_open_feature.minimizable " , true ) ; // ウィンドウのメニューを隠さないか user_pref (" dom.disable_window_open_feature.menubar " , true ) ; // ウィンドウのアドレスバーを隠さないか user_pref (" dom.disable_window_open_feature.location " , true ) ; // スクロールバーを無効にしないか user_pref (" dom.disable_window_open_feature.scrollbars " , true ) ; // ステータスバーを隠さないか user_pref("dom.disable_window_open_feature.status " , true ) ; // ステータスバー内のテキストを設定できないようにするか user_pref (" dom.disable_window_status_change " , true ) ; /* ===== 拡張 ==================================*/
/* ----- ConQuery ------------------------------*/ // ConQueryもどきで新しいタブを開くか user_pref (" userChrome.conqueryModoki.newTab " , true ) ; // ConQueryもどきで検索後、検索語を消去するか user_pref (" userChrome.conqueryModoki.clearAfter " , true ) ; // ConQueryもどきで選択文が無いときプロンプト表示するか user_pref (" userChrome.conqueryModoki.promptNotSelected " , true ) ;
設定項目などは下記のリンクを参考に。
拡張
導入している拡張機能。
C+ 言語( だっけ ) で書き直されたもの。随分と軽い。その代わり、
$ link や $ image などの変数はない。つまりテキスト広告は消せない( はず ) 。
正規表現対応版を使用してるけど、私はフィルタに正規表現を使用していない。理由は正規表現に対応してないバージョンから設定値を引き継いだから。あと、重くなるし。
以下は設定値。インストールしたら about : config に extensions.adblock++.filter というキーが出来るので、それの値にぶっこむ。
<>.99bb.com/<>.aaa.livedoor.jp/curio<>.aaa.livedoor.jp/less.gif<>.aaa.livedoor.jp/minibanner.gif<>.afl.rakuten.co.jp/<>.bannerbridge.net/<>.csj.co.jp/<>.custom-click.com/<>.duga.jp/<>.googlesyndication.<>.html?affid=<>.melma.com/img/<>.st98.arena.ne.jp/ba/<>.the-koukoku.com/<>.tok2.com/ban/<>.trafficgate.net/<>.valueclick.ne.jp/<>/adclick<>accesstrade.net/at/<>ad_image<>adclick/<>adcouncil/<>adjustnetwork.com/<>afl.rakuten.co.jp/<>ads.mixi.jp/<>alc.co.jp/ejrparts/be/<>as.casalemedia.com/sd<>clickad?<>grp01.ias.rakuten.co.jp/<>
http://203.216.140.34/<>http://210.155.151.248/<>http://ad.<>http://adlog.com.com/adlog/<>http://adnet.asahi.com/<>http://adng.ascii24.com/<>http://ads.<>http://adserver.<>http://affiliate.<>http://ai.yimg.jp/bdv<>http://amazie.jp/swf/<>http://bakuro.monoshiri.com/images/bnr/<>http://banner.<>http://bc.geocities.yah<>http://bizad.nikkeibp.co.jp/<>http://blogbattler.com/js/blogbattler.js<>http://blogbattler.com/noscript.gif<>http://bn.goo.ne.jp/<>http://cash.ee-life.tv/<>http://click.adv.livedoor.com:80<>http://ekitan.com/ad<>http://gigazine.biz/images/<>http://haishinxx.oopsweb.tv/<>http://harbox-harbot.so-net.ne.jp/<>http://image.adv.livedoor.com/<>http://image.excite.co.jp/jp/sa/<>http://image.excite.co.jp/ng/<>http://image.itmedia.co.jp/fil/<>http://img.bbchat.tv/<>http://img.dell.com/images/jp/banners/<>http://img.sbpnet.jp/adimage.php<>http://img.xrea.com/<>http://livechatcafe.com/img/<>http://mac.page.ne.jp/??/<>http://ngs.impress.co.jp/<>http://v211.jorudan.co.jp/<>http://visit.geocities.jp/<>http://www.accesstrade.net/<>http://www.adserver.jp/<>http://www.affiliated.jp/<>http://www.b-click.net/<>http://www.banner-kokuku.com/<>http://www.blogpet.net/js/<>http://www.coneco.net/sale/<>http://www.cyberclick.net/<>http://www.dclick.jp/<>http://www.dell.com/html/jp/images/special/banners_?/<>http://www.dual.co.jp/images/<>http://www.express.nec.co.jp/info/image/<>http://www.fresheye.com/iframe_ad/<>http://www.geocities.co.jp/images/geoguide/<>http://www.geocities.com/js_source/<>http://www.hatena.ne.jp/banner/<>http://www.jp.sonystyle.com/Sspp/<>http://www.kakaku.com/brand/images/<>http://www.kakaku.com/prdsearch/image/<>http://www.naitai-affili.com/alm/<>http://www.zakzak.co.jp/banner/<>indieclick.com/adimage.php<>jp.ap.valuecommerce.com/<>omany.tv/<>pagead/imgad<>rcm-jp.amazon.co.jp<>sbs.nsk-sys.com/<>trafficgate.net/t/<>w1.ax.xrea.com/
主に del.icio.us にポストする為に使ってる。自動で URL と Description は入力され、ページ内文字列を選択状態ならば、それは
Extended に入力される 。
タグの設定に、自分のタグ一覧と自分のタグ一覧からページ内容にマッチしそうな予測タグ一覧、他のユーザーの代表的なタグから選ぶことが出来る。手動入力すれば、それらからマッチしたものが候補にあがり入力の手間が省ける。が、これが使いにくい。候補にあがる場所が 1 行ボックスだからか、候補の 2 番目以降を選ぶにはクリックしか手段が無い*3。候補からの決定はタブで、間違えてエンターを押そうものなら、途中までの入力でポストしてしまう。
あと、起動が遅い( つまりは重い ) 。
標準で入っている*4。何かの製作者には強い見方。
ダウンロード項目をステータスバー上に表示する。ミニサイズまじお勧め。
DOM Inspector の強化版のようなもの。ただし、ページに対してのみ(だと思う)*5。ぶっちゃけ、使いこなせない。けど便利。何かを作る人向け。
外部ダウンロードツールと連携させる。容量の大きなファイルを落とすときに。ちなみに私は
FlashGet を使っている。
名前の通り、 Gmail の(複数)アカウントを管理してくれる。通知という方があってる気もする。
見ているページを( 望むのなら新しいタブに )
IE コンポーネントを用いて開く。 IE でし か( 正しく ) 表示できないページ*6を見るときや、何かを作る人が
IE で確認する時などに。正直、要らん。
link 要素に対応するツールバーボタンを提供する。割とどうでもいい。
ページのプロパティとサイドバーに Firefox が行っている HTTP 通信を表示する。何かを作る人向け 。
ロケーションバーの表示を拡張する。それ以外にもディレクトリ移動を簡単にしてくれる。
拡張・テーマのインストール時に対応バージョンを無視したりディレイを無くしたり。アドオンの表示をスリムにしたり並べ替え出来たり。エラーコンソールや再起動などのツールバーボタンを提供したり。
表示しているページを PNG 画像として保存できる。表示部分のみ、ページ全体を選べる。
1 行入力欄・複数入力欄・インラインフレームをリサイズ出来るようにする。何気に便利。というか、ユーザースクリプトでいいんじゃないかと…。
そのペー ジ(サイト)に代替スタイルシートがあれば、それを選択できるようになる。スタイルを無効にも出来る。
Firefox 標準のそれとは違ってページ変移しても維持される。そしてそれは保存される。
無くてもいいけど、そのサイトが代替スタイルを提供している事に気付かせてくれるので入れている。
ユーザースタイルシートを管理してくれる。個人的に必須。 userstyles.org からインストールしたものはアップデートにも対応してる*7。
自分で書いたものをちょいと紹介。
Web Page Fix
@namespace url( http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml); body { font - family : " Lucida Sans Unicode " ; line - height : 1.5 ; letter - spacing : 1px ; }
何の参考にもならん…。
UI Fix
@namespace url( http://www.mozilla.org/keymaster/gatekeeper/there.is.only.xul); # personal - bookmarks toolbarbutton > label { display : none ! important ; } . search - go - button - stack { display : none ! important ; } . tabbrowser - tab [ selected = " true " ] { font - weight : bold ! important ; } . tabbrowser-tab:not ( [ selected =" true " ] ) : hover , . tabbrowser-tab:not ( [ selected =" true " ] ) : hover .
tab - text { text - decoration : underline ! important ; cursor : pointer ! important ; } # context - back , # context - forward , # context - reload , # context - stop , # context - sep - stop , # context - searchselect , # context - sendlink , # context - sendpage , # context - sendimage , # context - sep - open , # context - openlink , # context - openlinkintab , # context - bookmarklink , # context - sep - viewbgimage , # context - viewbgimage , # context - copyimage - contents , # context - setDesktopBackground , # context - blockimage , # context - bookmarkpage , # context - savepage , # context - selectall , # context - keywordfield , # spell - check - enabled , # spell - add - dictionaries - main , # spell - dictionaries , # spell - separator , # context - sep - bidi , # context - bidi - text - direction - toggle , # context - bidi - page - direction - toggle { display : none ! important ; }
使わないコンテキストメニューを消せるのが素晴らしく良い。
Talkback
標準で入ってる。クラッシュした時に情報を提供する。
英語辞書。辞書とは名ばかりで、ただのスペルチェック。入力フィールドで、入力ミスと思われる単語にアンダーラインを引いてくれる。他の言語も多くある。英語で文章を入力する機会がある方に。
Chrome 権限で JavaScript を動かせるようになる。神拡張。最早、これ無しでは
Firefox を使えないかもしれない。ある程度の拡張は全てこれでまかなえる。そして軽い。
UI は全く無いので、管理は全て自分自身で行う必要があるし、ある拡張と競合して予期せぬ動作をする事もあるし、環境に依存するスクリプトもある。ある程度
JavaScript が読める人向け 。
それよりも userchrome.org はまだかな。かな。
使用している userChrome スクリプトは後述する 。
テーマ
あまり種類は入れていないけど、気分によって変更することがたまにある。
使わないよね … 。
デフォルトのキレイ目バージョンみたいな感じ?
ほとんどのメニュー項目にアイコンがつくのが特徴。
rein
OS の配色を使用したテーマ。アイコンはモノクロで、シンプル。
Firefox 2.0 以上のバージョンでは対応していないが、人気が高く、有志が暫定対応バージョンを公開してる。欲しい人は検索を。
グレーベースのテーマ。アイコンもシンプル。選択(表示)タブが少しお洒落で、最近のお気に入り。
userChrome スクリプ ト
結構な数があるけど、これらの動作は軽快。
検索バーにあるものをコンテキストメニューから実行可能に。選択文字列をクエリにする。選択してない場合はプロンプトが出る。他に検索リストを階層化・罫線の追加などが出来る。
これがあれば検索バー要らないと思いきや、検索バーがないと動作しないみたい。残念。
拡張の Copy URL + のようなもの。そのうち %RLINK % にも対応させるつもり。
プレビューというか、 Firefox が勝手に整形しないようにする 。
FLV Downloader
この 2 をまとめたもの。コンテキストメニューからダウンロード出来るようになる。自動でファイル名をつけてくれて超便利。
YouTube の方は、コンテキストメニューの有効範囲をページ全体になるように改造している。
指定したマウスボタンを押しながらホイールを回すと、そのタブのページ履歴を移動できる。私は右ボタンを押しながらにしている。
デフォルトの左ボタンのまま使ってたら、指が攣りそうになったから。
ファイル・ツールなどのメインバーのメニューを、メニューという 1 つの項目にまとめる。作ってから気付いたけど海外サイトで同じのあったよ。
All - in- One Gestures の軽量版。マウスの軌跡は描けない( 個人的には必要ない)。ホイールジェスチャ・ロッカージェスチャは共に使っていない。ホイールは
History Scroller で使ってるし、ロッカーはページ読み込み時にマウスアップが検出できなくて意図した動作をしないから。
以下が使用しているジェスチャ定義。
case " L " : document .getElementById( " Browser : Back " ) .doCommand ( ) ; break ; case " R " : document .getElementById( " Browser : Forward " ) .doCommand ( ) ; break ; case " UD " : document .getElementById( " Browser : Reload " ) .doCommand ( ) ; break ; case " UDU " : document .getElementById( " Browser: ReloadSkipCache " ) .doCommand ( ) ; break ; case " DR " : document .getElementById( " cmd_close " ) .doCommand ( ) ; break ; case " DL " : document .getElementById( " History : UndoCloseTab " ) .doCommand ( ) ; break ; case " UL " : gBrowser.mTabContainer.advanceSelectedTab( - 1 , true ) ; break ; case " UR " : gBrowser.mTabContainer.advanceSelectedTab(+1 , true ) ; break ; case " RU " : goDoCommand ( " cmd_scrollTop " ) ; break ; case " RD " : goDoCommand ( " cmd_scrollBottom " ) ; break ; case " U " : goDoCommand ( " cmd_scrollPageUp " ) ; break ; case " D " : goDoCommand ( " cmd_scrollPageDown " ) ; break ; case " LRL " : document .getElementById( " cmd_textZoomReduce " ) .doCommand ( ) ; break ; case " RLR " : document .getElementById( " cmd_textZoomEnlarge " ) .doCommand ( ) ; break ; case " DU " : document .getElementById( " cmd_textZoomReset " ) .doCommand ( ) ; break ; case " RULD " : ( function ( ) { var node = event . target ; if ( !( node instanceof HTMLImageElement ) ) return ; if (!node.hasAttribute ( " width " ) ) node.setAttribute( " width " , node.naturalWidth ) ; if (!node.hasAttribute ( " height " ) ) node.setAttribute( " height " , node.naturalHeight ) ; if (!node.hasAttribute ( " originalWidth " ) ) { node.setAttribute( " originalWidth " , node.width ) ; node.setAttribute( " originalHeight " , node. height ) ; } node . width = node .
width * 1.5 ; node . height = node . height * 1.5 ; } ( ) ) ; break ; case " LURD " : ( function ( ) { var node = event . target ; if ( !( node instanceof HTMLImageElement ) ) return ; if (!node.hasAttribute ( " width " ) ) node.setAttribute( " width " , node.naturalWidth ) ; if (!node.hasAttribute ( " height " ) ) node.setAttribute( " height " , node.naturalHeight ) ; if (!node.hasAttribute ( " originalWidth " ) ) { node.setAttribute( " originalWidth " , node.width ) ; node.setAttribute( " originalHeight " , node. height ) ; } node . width = node .
width * 0.5 ; node . height = node . height * 0.5 ; } ( ) ) ; break ; case " RDLU " : ( function ( ) { var node = event . target ; if ( !( node instanceof HTMLImageElement ) ) return ; if (!node.hasAttribute ( " originalWidth " ) ) return ; node.width = node.getAttribute( " originalWidth " ) ; node.height = node.getAttribute( " originalHeight " ) ; } ( ) ) ; break ; case " LU " : var uri = gBrowser.currentURI ; if ( uri.path == " / " ) return ; var pathList = uri.path.split( " / " ) ; if (!pathList.pop ( ) ) pathList.pop ( ) ; loadURI ( uri.prePath + pathList.join ( " / " ) + " / " ) ; default : throw " Unknown Gesture : " + this ._directionChain ;
他にも軽量マウスジェスチャで利用可能なスクリプト集に色々と紹介されているので参考に。コメントもチェック!
Open Close Tab Position
上記をまとめたもの。新しく開くタブは現在のタブのすぐ右に、タブを閉じればすぐ左のタブにフォーカス。
ロケーションバーのコンテキストメニューに貼り付けて移動という項目を追加。ラベルは英語だけど、日本語に変更した。
話題になった Safari のページ検索のエフェクトを追加する。最初の検索だけ、適応されないよぅ*8 。
Search Fix
2 ちゃんねるに投下されたスクリプトをまとめたもの。
( function ( ) { var searchbar = document .getElementById( " searchbar " ) ; if ( searchbar ) { searchbar.handleSearchCommand_org = searchbar.handleSearchCommand ; searchbar.handleSearchCommand = function ( aEvent ) { searchbar.handleSearchCommand_org( aEvent ) ; this ._textbox.value = " " ; this ._textbox._displayCurrentEngine( ) ; setTimeout ( function ( ) { var ss = Cc [ '@mozilla.org /browser/search-service;1 ' ] .getService( Ci.nsIBrowserSearchService ) ; ss.currentEngine = ss.defaultEngine ; } , 0 ) ; } } } ) ( ) ; ( function ( ) { var searchbar = document .getElementById( " searchbar " ) ; var text Box = document .getAnonymousElementByAttribute( searchbar , " anonid " , " searchbar - textbox " ) ; textBox.onTextEntered = new_onTextEntered ; function new_onTextEntered ( aEvent ) { var evt =
aEvent || this .
mEnterEvent ; if ( evt && evt.keyCode == KeyEvent.DOM_VK_RETURN ) { this ._getParentSearchbar().handleSearchCommand ( evt ) ; this .
mEnterEvent = null ; } } } ) ( ) ;
コンテキストメニューにサイト内検索を追加する。というか、ドメイン内検索。選択文字列をクエリとする。選択してなければプロンプトが出る。新規タブで開く。
自分の勉強の為にも、要望のあったものを作って、入れっぱなし。個人的にはブックマークレットをキーワード設定して使えばいいと思う。
主にアップローダーにある misc.uc.js というスクリプト。これのおかげで、
Tab Mix Plus を捨てることが出来る 。
環境依存する部分が結構ある。
あと、自分で書いたものとして、 Firefox 標準の最近閉じたタ ブ( Undo Close Tab ) をコンテキストメニューの 1 番上に追加するものも混ぜてある。閉じたタブのリストは少し拡張してあって、リストに番号をふって、
1 番目から 10 番目までに 1 ~ 0 でアクセスキーを設定している。 Firefox 標準の関数を書き換えているので、恐らく Firefox 2.0 でしか動かない。
( function ( ) { var contextMenu = document .getElementById( " contentAreaContextMenu " ) ; var menu = document .getElementById( " historyUndoMenu " ) ; menu.setAttribute( " disabled " , false ) ; menu.setAttribute( " accesskey " , " T " ) ; var sep = document .getElementById( " endUndoSeparator " ) ; contextMenu.insertBefore(sep,contextMenu.firstChild ) ; contextMenu.insertBefore(menu,contextMenu.firstChild ) ; eval ( ' HistoryMenu.populateUndoSubmenu = ' + HistoryMenu.populateUndoSubmenu.toString ( ) .replace ( ' ( " label " , undoItems [ i ]. title ) ; ' , ' ( " label " , i + 1 + " . " + undoItems [ i]. title ) ; ' ) .replace ( ' ( " value " , i ) ; ' , ' $& if ( i < 10 ) m.setAttribute ( " accesskey " , ( i == 9 ) ? 0 : i + 1 ) ; ' ) ) ; } ) ( ) ;
これもだが、書いてから海外サイトに同じものがあるのを発見した。恐ろしい事に書き方さえ違えど、やってる事が全く一緒という…*9 。
User Agent Switcher という拡張と一緒。 Firefox の隠し設定 ( ? ) を利用してる。
Greasemonkey 互換の神スクリプト。アップローダーにあるパッチを当てると、さらに互換性アップ。当然ながら、
UI は無いに等しいが問題ない 。
残念ながら livedoorReader 関係のユーザースクリプトは Permission denied to get property Function.__parent__ 等というエラーで動かない。ちょっぴり残念。
userscript
Greasemonkey で利用できるスクリプト。それほど多くは入れてない。と思う。
IE みたいに img 要素の alt 属性をツールチップ表示してくれる。具体的には title 属性が無いか空の場合に、 alt 属性を title 属性にコピーしてるだけ 。
ページ終端付近に達すると、自動で次のページを読み込み、現在のページに付加してくれる。神スクリプト。検索結果など、さくさく読むことが出来る。対応サイトは続々増え続けている。使用者は通常これを意識しなくていい。
Disable HATENA keyword
はてなキーワードのリンクを無効にする。どうも製作者のサイトがなくなったようで、はてなグリースモンキーのページからも落とせない。
ちなみに @exclude に
http://d.hatena.ne.jp/keyword/* と http://*g.hatena.ne.jp/keyword/*
を追加しておかないと、はてなのヘルプが見れないという。
del.icio.us のリンク先サイトに favicon があればそれをアンカー語の前に表示する。
Flickr で写真一覧ページなどの n comments というリンクにホバーしたらコメント内容をポップアップしてくれる。
全角英数記号を半角に変換してくれる。気持ち悪い全角英数が消えるだけで幸せになれる。神スクリプト。
しかし、アスキーアートは心で見ることになる。
入れたものの使ったことが無いという…。名前からするに、検索クエリを保存しておいてくれるぽい。ページ左の連絡先の下に表示される。
ウェブ検索結果にページランクを表示する。 AutoPagerize に対応させた。
上記の元スクリプトに感謝。
どこでも Lightbox 風のエフェクトで画像を観覧できる。 Flickr や Google のイメージ検索にも対応。アクセスキーも設定されていて親切。
Right ( → ) : 次の画像
Left ( ← ) : 前の画像
+ : 拡大
-: 縮小
0 : 原寸
x : 閉じる
Esc : 閉じる
Enter : 最初に選んだ画 像
このスクリプトを導入してローカルの画像を入れたフォルダを開くだけで、簡易画像ビューワになる。素晴らしい。
Lightbox を使ってるサイトだと競合して何も起きなかったりするんだけどね。
ダイアリー、ブックマーク、アイデアのコメント内を自動リンク化します。
URLやid記法などに対応しています。
highlight referere
リファラを利用して検索結果から移動したページの検索語をハイライトする。便利。
配布先(?)がプライベートになっていて見れない。残念。
あるサイトへのリンクをハイライトする。スクリプト内に編集場所あり。
MP3 へのリンクの後ろに簡単な( それでいて十分な機能を持つ ) プレイヤーを追加する。
Rebuild
userContent.js がスクリプトを読み込みしなおす。 Ctrl を押しながらダブルクリックで確認プロンプト。
userContent.js に同梱。
Greasemonkey ユーザーには何の意味も無いよ 。
Google のウェブ検索結果に番号を振る。 AutoPagerize 対応。
ビュンビュン見ていくうちに、今自分がどの程度の位置にいるのか分かりにくくなるのを防ぐために。
TinyURL のリダイレクト先のアドレスをツールチップで表示する。
Download Download
A few days ago on The McLaughlin Group one of the stranger blow - ups we 've seen lately came when O'Donnell began discussing Mitt Romney 's so - called " Faith " speech .
Seemingly out of nowhere , O'Donnell launched into a full - scale attack on Mormonism :
O'DONNELL : Here 's the problem .
He dare not discuss his religion .
And he fools people like Pat Buchanan , who should know better .
This was the worst speech , the worst political speech , of my lifetime , because this man stood there and said to you , " This is the faith of my fathers . "
And you and none of these commentators who liked this speech realize that the faith of his father is a racist faith .
As of 1978 , it was an officially racist faith .
And for political convenience , in 1978 it switched and it said , " Okay , black people can be in this church . "
He believes -- if he believes the faith of his fathers that black people are black because in heaven they turned away from God in this demented Scientology - like notion of what was going on in heaven before the creation of the earth --
BUCHANAN : Are you saying that his Mormonism disqualifies him from being president of the United States ?
O'DONNELL : I 'm saying he 's got to answer -- when he was 30 years old --
BUCHANAN : He does not have to answer .
O'DONNELL : -- and he firmly believed in the faith of his father that black people are inferior , when did he change his mind ?
Did the religion have to tell him to change his mind ?
And when he talks about the faith of his father , how about the faith of his great - grandfather , who had five wives ?
BUCHANAN : Well , look , my great - grandfather had slaves , and I do n't believe in slavery .
This passage from this diary by ryeland is hilarious , describing a scene during a Chris Matthews ' interview of Tom DeLay today :
Matthews grilled DeLay about passages in his book where he apparently ripped into fellow corrupt Texan Dick Armey , eventually asking the Hammer about describing Armey as " drunk with ambition . "
DeLay denied writing that .
" I wrote that he was ' blinded by his ambition . ' "
Matthews starts flipping though the book and finds the " drunk with ambition " quote and reads it to Bug Man .
And DeLay keeps denying it .
Finally , Chris hands the book to Tom and tells him to read it himself .
DeLay looks down , pauses , and says " I do n't have my glasses . "
I still laugh when I read that paragraph , and I 've re-read it like ten times .
I can't wait for the transcript and video to show up .
Update :
Here 's the video :
Gen. Ricardo Sanchez , the former top commander in Iraq , has issued a devastating critique of the “ incompetent strategic leadership within our national leaders ” in planning and executing the Iraq war , which he called a “ catastrophic failure . ”
Sanchez also warned that the president ’s “ surge ” might “ stave off defeat ” but will not lead to victory .
New York Times :
“ After more than fours years of fighting , America continues its desperate struggle in Iraq without any concerted effort to devise a strategy that will achieve victory in that war - torn country or in the greater conflict against extremism , ” Mr. Sanchez said , at a gathering here of military reporters and editors .
General Sanchez is the most senior in a string of retired generals to harshly criticize the administration ’s conduct of the war .
Asked following his remarks why he waited nearly a year after his retirement to outline his views , he responded that that it was not the place of active duty officers to challenge lawful orders from civilian authorities .
General Sanchez , who is said to be considering a book , promised further public statements criticizing officials by name .
“ There was been a glaring and unfortunate display of incompetent strategic leadership within our national leaders , ” he said , adding later in his remarks that civilian officials have been “ derelict in their duties ” and guilty of a “ lust for power . ”
Read more
Kissing Secrets : Why Men Prefer More Saliva ( And Other Revelations )
Susan Hughes and colleagues know how to spice up an academic paper :
“ Kissing between sexual and / or romantic partners occurs in over 90 percent of human cultures [… ] .
Even in cultures where kissing is nonexistent or condemned , sex partners may blow in each other ’s faces , lick , suck , or rub their partner ’s face prior to intercourse . ”
( Hughes , Harrison & Gallup , 2007 , p.612 ) .
Now , strangely , we all want to know more , so let ’s explore their study ’s results question and answer style …
Would you have sex without kissing ?
Yes said around 50 % of men , but only around 10 % of women – meaning , of course 90 % of women would not have sex without kissing .
How important is kissing before , during and after sex ?
Kissing seems to reduce in importance from before to during then to after , but overall it ’s generally more important for women in this situation .
How important is kissing as a relationship goes on ?
For our male participants it became less important as a relationship went on , but for our female participants it became more important .
How wet and how much tongue ?
Overall men preferred wetter kisses and more tongue .
Still , both sexes preferred more tongue with a long - term partner .
The only gender difference was that men preferred more tongue contact with a short - term partner .
Why might men prefer more tongue and saliva ?
Evolutionary psychology suggests kissing may provide important information about mate quality .
Unfortunately men are , on average , not so gifted in the saliva - tasting department ( technically men have ‘ reduced chemosensory detection ’ ) .
Because of this they need more juice before they can decide .
Would you have sex with a bad kisser ?
Only maybe baby , but women were only half as likely as men to have sex with a bad kisser .
What makes you want to kiss a person ?
Men based their decision more on facial attractiveness while women were focussing on the teeth .
So , can a kiss kill the romance ?
Yes , a previous study found that 59 % of men and 66 % of women have been put off by a potential partner ’s kiss .
Limitations
This study only covered those who ‘ only ’ or ‘ mostly ’ kissed the opposite sex .
You same sex kissers will have to wait for future work to get the facts .
And as Dr Boynton points out it ’s only undergraduate students of roughly the same cultural background .
Practices will probably vary considerably across different cultures .
» Discover more about the psychology of relationships .
Reference
Hughes , S.M. , Harrison , M.A. , and Gallup , G.G. Jr. ( 2007 ) Sex differences in romantic kissing among college students :
An evolutionary perspective .
Evolutionary Psychology 2007 .
5 ( 3 ) : 612-631
Quotations by Author
Lord Acton
Showing quotations 1 to 8 of 8 total
- 7 Quotations in other collections
- Search for Lord Acton at Amazon.com
Showing quotations 1 to 8 of 8 total
Browse our complete list of 3444 authors by last name :
Scientists have been warning for years that overfishing is degrading the health of the oceans and destroying the fish species on which much of humanity depends for jobs and food .
Even so , it would be hard to frame the problem more dramatically than two recent articles in The Times detailing the disastrous environmental , economic and human consequences of often illegal industrial fishing .
Sharon LaFraniere showed how mechanized fishing fleets from the European Union and nations like China and Russia  usually with the complicity of local governments  have nearly picked clean the oceans off Senegal and other northwest African countries .
This has ruined coastal economies and added to the surge of suddenly unemployed migrants who brave the high seas in wooden boats seeking a new life in Europe , where they are often not welcome .
The second article , by Elisabeth Rosenthal , focused on Europe ’s insatiable appetite for fish  it is now the world ’s largest consumer .
Having overfished its own waters of popular species like tuna , swordfish and cod , Europe now imports 60 percent of what it consumes .
Of that , up to half is contraband , fish caught and shipped in violation of government quotas and treaties .
The industry , meanwhile , is organized to evade serious regulation .
Big factory ships from places like Europe , China , Korea and Japan stay at sea for years at a time  fueling , changing crews , unloading their catch on refrigerated vessels .
The catch then enters European markets through the Canary Islands and other ports where inspection is minimal .
After that , retailers and consumers neither ask nor care where the fish came from , or whether , years from now , there will be any fish at all .
Free Trade in Unpasteurized Milk
by Ron Paul by Ron Paul
DIGG THIS
Introducing HR 4077 to Allow the Interstate Shipment of Unpasteurized Milk , November 6 , 2007
Madame Speaker , I rise to introduce legislation that allows the transportation and sale in interstate commerce of unpasteurized milk and milk products , as long as the milk both originates from and is shipped to states that allow the sale of unpasteurized milk and milk products .
This legislation removes an unconstitutional restraint on farmers who wish to sell unpasteurized milk and milk products , and people who wish to consume unpasteurized milk and milk products .
My office has heard from numerous people who would like to purchase unpasteurized milk .
Many of these people have done their own research and come to the conclusion that unpasteurized milk is healthier than pasteurized milk .
These Americans have the right to consume these products without having the federal government second - guess their judgment about what products best promote health .
If there are legitimate concerns about the safety of unpasteurized milk , those concerns should be addressed at the state and local level .
I urge my colleagues to join me in promoting consumers ’ rights , the original intent of the Constitution , and federalism by cosponsoring my legislation to allow the interstate sale of unpasteurized milk and milk products .
See the Ron Paul File
Dr. Ron Paul is a Republican member of Congress from Texas .
The Best of Ron Paul
We 're awarding today a much - coveted Vulture Vulgar Acronym trophy ( VULVA ) to China 's Dachi Yang , Guowen Meng , Shuyuan Zhang , Yufeng Hao , Xiaohong An , Qing Wei , Min Yeab , and Lide Zhanga for a truly breathtaking contribution to the genre in their snappily - titled Electrochemical synthesis of metal and semimetal nanotube–nanowire heterojunctions and their electronic transport properties .
Ok , so here it is : you 've got your carbon nanotubes ( CNTs ) , your single - walled nanotubes ( SWNTs ) , or even your multi- walled nanotubes ( MWNTs ) .
Then some bright spark develops copper nanotubes .
Right , now you need an acronym for those .
Let 's have a think ...
Yup , got it :
Genius .
According to the supplementary information ( pdf ) : " For CuNT - BiNW heterojunction arrays , the Au-coated AAO template was mounted on the PMMA cell , CuNTs segments were electrodeposited inside the half depth of the nanochannels under a constant current density of 2.2 mA / cm2 for 30 min at room temperature , with a graphite plate as the counter electrode . "
There 's more - what about bismuth nanotubes ?
Well , it just gets better and better : " Firstly , BiNT segments were electrodeposited inside the half depth of the nanochannels under a constant current density of 2 mA / cm2 for 30 min at room temperature . "
BiNT segments ?
We love it .
A well - deserved VULVA to the Chinese team . ®
Bootnote
Thanks very much to Philip from Cambridge for the tip - off .
God preserve us all .
OpEdNews
9-11-2007 - WHAT ’S GOING ON ?
by Carol Wolman
Going into Labor Day weekend , there were lots of rumors anticipating a false flag operation , another 9 - 11 .
Trainloads of armored vehicles rolled into Houston .
The San Francisco Bay bridge closed for three days .
Suspicious activity was reported on ferries in Puget Sound .
Ominous civil defense exercises are being held in Oregon , as part of Operation Noble Resolve , which also involves military jets flying over New York .
An antiaircraft division is ordered to Washington DC .
We made it through the holiday safely .
Then last Wednesday , Congressman Paul Gillmor ( R - OH ) was found dead in his home .
This was reported as a heart attack , until word leaked out that he had blunt trauma to the head and neck .
http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/20649320/
Now we ’re being told he fell down the stairs .
Gillmor was investigating a series of option trades that are suspicious - someone is betting billions of dollars that the market will fall 50 % by September 21st .
Even with the housing crisis , it would take a major catastrophe , like a “ terrorist ” attack , to precipitate such a plunge .
As part of his job on the House Finance Committee , Gillmor was investigating this deal .
Was he murdered because he was about to reveal something ?
Would this death , on top of the deaths of Senators Wellstone and Carnahan , and the anthraxing of Senators Daschle and Leahy , have a chilling effect on people in Congress ?
Maybe that ’s why they ’re “ spineless ” .
Now we learn that on August 30th , six nuclear warheads were “ accidentally ” shipped by B - 52 from Minot Air Force Base in North Dakota to Barksdale Air Force Base in Louisiana .
( Five arrived , did one get “ lost ” ?
Or is someone unable to count ? )
This violates all military procedure , which requires that nuclear weapons always be shipped on the ground in the continental US , so that if there ’s an accident , a bomb detonation wo n’t occur .
It would take an order from the Commander - in - Chief to put nukes on a plane .
The warheads were reportedly fastened to cruise missiles , which have a range of 1500 - 2000 miles .
Not enough to cross the Atlantic , but enough to hit cities in the US as part of a false flag operation .
This scenario is being claimed by “ military investigators ” on the Hal Turner show , and is making its way around the internet .
It ’s being said the plan was to hit 5 American cities with nuclear weapons over Labor Day weekend in order to install martial law .
If so , we have been saved by the grace of God , operating through loyal American whistleblowers , who made the “ accidental shipment ” of nuclear warheads public .
Now we are told that the entire Air Force will stand down on September 14th , for overhaul and review of procedures .
http://www.airforcetimes.com/news/2007/09/airforce_aircombatcommand_standdown_070807/
Our skies will be unguarded for a day , and our vulnerability has been announced to the whole world .
It ’s an open invitation to America ’s enemies to attack us .
The last stand - down , unannounced ahead of time , took place on Sept 11 , 2001 .
What ’s planned for Sept. 14th , 2007 ?
Oddly enough , El Al , the Israeli airline , will not be flying planes that day either .
What is going on ?
One of my most anti-conspiracy friends says he believes it ’s a giant conspiracy .
What do you think ?
and how can we nip it in the bud ?
Let us pray that honest , conscientious , loyal Americans will abort whatever evil plot is in the works , just as someone “ outed ” the nukes on the B 52 on August 30th .
Let us remember that many such evil plots have been headed off - the fourth plane that did NOT hit Congress or the White House 6 years ago ( which would have initiated martial law ) , the anthrax that did NOT wipe out the whole Senate ( thanks to alert postal workers and doctors at the Communicable Disease Center ) , the lie about “ yellowcake from Niger ” that was exposed by Ambassador Joe Wilson ( at great cost to his wife Valerie Plame , and to all of us who were being protected by her undercover CIA network ) , and many others .
What to do ?
Talk about the Sept 14th stand - down and your suspicions , write about it , protest about it .
The truth will set us free .
God is with us , with We the People .
We are being threatened with great harm by those in power who are supposed to be serving us .
If we shed enough light , if we make enough noise , if we love our country and our planet , we will finally be able to overthrow the pirates who have hijacked our ship of state , and bring them to justice .
Impeachment now !
In the name of the God of truth and justice , Carol Wolman
( Original Article )
Live
Trump , Biden set to square off in crucial 1st presidential debate
With just 35 days until the election , U.S. President Donald Trump and Democratic challenger Joe Biden are barreling into their crucial first debate Tuesday night , the most pivotal moment so far in a race that has remained stubbornly unchanged in the face of historic tumult .
Lakes such as the Anama have been drying up in the drought
Brazil 's military has been distributing supplies and medicine to tens of thousands of people stranded by the dramatic drop in water levels .
Witnesses say rivers and lakes have dried up completely , leaving behind kilometres of sand and mud .
Environmental campaign group Greenpeace has blamed deforestation and global warming for the drought .
It quoted scientists as saying that the burning of forests has raised temperatures in the Amazon , preventing the formation of clouds .
Brazilian government meteorologists , however , have said the drought is the result of unusually high temperatures in the Atlantic Ocean , that have also been linked to this year 's devastating hurricanes .
Airlift lifeline
A state of emergency has been declared in all 61 municipalities of Brazil 's Amazonas state as the drought has started affecting towns and cities further downstream , reports the BBC's Tom Gibb in Sao Paolo .
Brazil 's armed forces have been delivering water , food and medical supplies to communities isolated by the worst drought in the Amazon for decades .
The air force has been distributing water - purifying chemicals to counter the threat of disease from water supplies contaminated by dead fish in the Amazon .
Low river levels are preventing boats - for many the only means of transport - from using the Amazon safely , leaving communities depending on government airlifts for their survival .
Big ships have been left stranded in the world 's second - largest river and millions of fish are rotting in the sun , witnesses say .
It ’s no surprise that the pharmaceutical industry is appalled at proposals to set up a national registry of its gifts and payments to doctors .
Too much information might lead patients to suspect that their doctors are choosing costly medicines out of gratitude to the manufacturers rather than the best medical or economic interests of their patients .
The drug companies ply doctors with a wide range of gifts , everything from free lunches for busy doctors and their staffs while sales representatives extol the virtues of their latest drugs to subsidized trips to vacation spots for conferences billed as educational events .
The companies also pay large sums to doctors for consulting or for conducting research .
These payments , which can mount into the hundreds of thousands of dollars over a period of years , look suspiciously like inducements to promote or prescribe the companies ’ drugs .
Although medical societies and the industry ’s trade association have adopted voluntary guidelines that are supposed to limit payments and gifts to modest proportions , they typically still allow doctors to be paid as consultants or speakers , leaving plenty of room to lavish favors upon them .
As Gardiner Harris reported in The Times last week , one drug company invited doctors to a weekend training session in Orlando , Fla. , to learn how to give marketing lectures to other doctors for an asthma medicine .
The enticement was free airfare , a rental car and hotel room , plus a $ 2,700 stipend .
Several states have tried to rein in abuses by requiring some form of disclosure , but every state law has defects , most notably a failure to make doctor - specific data readily available to the public .
Last week Senator Herb Kohl , a Wisconsin Democrat who is chairman of the Special Committee on Aging , and Senator Claire McCaskill , Democrat of Missouri , said they would push for a national registry that would force drug and medical device companies to report their gifts and payments to physicians .
" Passive Solar Energy -- The Homeowner 's Guide to Natural Heating and Cooling " , Bruce Anderson and Malcolm Wells .
This very well written book covers : Passive solar energy basics for heating and cooling
Passive solar energy design for heating and cooling
Explanations for how solar windows , solar chimneys , solar mass walls and solar roofs work
How to construct solar windows , solar chimneys , solar walls and solar roofs
The book assumes no prior knowledge of solar heating and cooling .
It starts with the basics and builds from there .
The writing style is very down to earth , and even humorous at times .
( in spite of Bruce 's multiple MIT degrees ) .
The illustrations , construction diagrams , and photos are great .
A really fine book to start your journey towards a solar project .
Bruce Anderson and and Malcolm Wells have agreed to make the this book available here as a download -- thank you Bruce and Malcolm !!
The 56 - year - old victim was named by the Foreign Office as Margaret Ann Gordon .
She was originally from Wallsend on North Tyneside .
Mrs Gordon 's calls for help brought local villagers to the scene in Nedyalsko , but she reportedly died before an ambulance arrived .
The victim had lived in Bulgaria with her husband for several years .
" The regional police in Yambol [ region ] said seven or eight dogs attacked her , " a Foreign Office spokesman said of the death in the village , which is in the municipality of Straldja .
" People living close by heard her shouts and screams and came to help , " he added .
There were reports a shepherd finally managed to drive the dogs away , but Mrs Gordon died from loss of blood before an ambulance arrived .
It was reported she may have been an asthmatic .
Packs of wild dogs are a common hazard in the country , with many beaches on the Black Sea out of bounds because of the animals .
In the capital , Sofia , there are thought to be at least 35,000 street dogs .
When we heard that JK Rowling outed Professor Dumbledore we were shocked .
Not that a fictional children 's character had come out of the closet as gay , but that it was n't one of these nine .
Curious George
We could make a bunch of jokes about his name ( a lesser website might call him bi-curious George , for instance ) but we 're not going to , mostly because Stephen Colbert has already made that joke .
But , also , if you think about it , being given an incredibly gay name is n't necessarily his fault .
If your given name was Jazz Hands McCoy , it would n't mean that you were gay .
It would raise some serious questions about whomever named you .
And , that 's where George 's sexuality starts to get murky .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Curious George was named by The Man in the Yellow Hat , his older , unmarried roommate .
The fact that the man does n't have a name indicates that he relishes anonymity .
And , the fact that he goes by The Man in the Yellow Hat indicates that he literally defines himself by his wardrobe .
He 's never seen with women , nor do his tight yellow suit and matching cowboy hat scream " lets go grab beers at the sports bar . "
Curious George and The Man live in an apartment together in an urban setting and are often seen walking around the city holding hands .
We wo n't stoop so low as to speculate about the implications inherent in George 's love for bananas and the fact that The Man in the Yellow Hat wears tight yellow pants , just like we did n't make the bi-curious joke in the parenthesis above .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Real - world gay counterpart :
George Michael .
Curious and Mr. Michael are both the more famous half of a famous duo .
Like the rascally monkey , Mr. Michael is always getting himself into trouble .
The only difference is , Curious George tends to get himself into adorable trouble , while Michael prefers vaguely pathetic legal trouble .
Nicole Richie & Joel Madden Out & About ( New Photos )
andare out and about in Los Angeles on a rainy day .
With umbrella in hand , the pair stopped in at a coffee shop .
New mom does n't look like she could possibly have recently been pregnant .
Thus far , the new parents have kept their young daughter , , out of the public eye .
Hopefully , the lifestyle changes that Richie made while carrying her unborn child , will continue to keep her in a healthy post pregnancy state .
We 've watched the celebrity make some dramatic changes in her life , including the charitable work that the young couple have undertaken as part of their newly organized Richie - Madden Children 's Foundation .
US militarism threatens to unleash regional conflagration
By Bill Van Auken
23 October 2007
Following on the heels of President George W. Bush ’s warning last week that those countries “ interested in avoiding World War III ” should align themselves with Washington ’s escalating threats against Iran , a series of unfolding developments point to the danger of armed violence engulfing a broad swath of the Middle East and Central Asia and , indeed , posing the threat of a new world war .
Six years after the US invasion of Afghanistan and four - and - a - half years after the invasion of Iraq , the continuation and deepening of the conflicts in both of these countries is setting into motion a political chain reaction of incalculable dimensions .
It is igniting military conflict in a region that extends from the borders of Europe in the West to those of India in the East , including the countries of Turkey , Iraq , Syria , Iran , Afghanistan and Pakistan , while threatening to draw in other major powers with strategic interests in the region .
The stage is being set for armed confrontations that threaten the deaths of hundreds of millions and , indeed , the destruction of the entire planet .
In the first instance , the danger of a widening war is posed against Iran .
Vice President Richard Cheney continued to ratchet up the menacing rhetoric against Teheran over the weekend , while also vilifying and threatening Syria .
“ The Iranian regime needs to know that if it stays on its present course , the international community is prepared to impose serious consequences , ” Mr. Cheney said in a speech on Sunday .
“ The United States joins other nations in sending a clear message :
We will not allow Iran to have a nuclear weapon . ”
Cheney ’s remarks were made before a meeting of the Washington Institute for Near East Policy , a prominent think tank that includes some of the key architects of the war of aggression against Iraq .
Cheney denounced Iran as “ the world ’s most active state sponsor of terrorism , ” adding that “ our country , and the entire international community , cannot stand by as a terror - supporting state fulfills its most aggressive ambitions . ”
Cheney ’s speech , which echoes the rhetoric about “ weapons of mass destruction ” used by the vice president in the fall of 2002 in the run-up to the US invasion of Iraq , carried the unmistakable implication that Washington is preparing to attack Iran militarily on the pretext of blocking the Teheran government from continuing its nuclear program .
These threats are not being made under conditions in which Washington has succeeded , either in Iraq or in Afghanistan , in suppressing popular resistance and installing viable puppet regimes .
Bush was forced Monday to request another $ 46 billion to pay for military operations in both countries , where fighting has continued to intensify .
The request brings the total amount budgeted for the fiscal year that began on October 1 to $ 196 billion .
The Bush administration and the American ruling elite as a whole have concluded that there is no way out of these intractable colonial - style wars in which the US military is already mired .
The impact of these festering conflicts takes on a momentum of its own throughout the region .
While there appears to be an element of madness in the policy of escalation now being pursued by Washington , underlying it is the logic of the combined crisis of US and world capitalism .
The prospect that the current wars will be further expanded has triggered deep disquiet within the military command itself , as was reflected in remarks by the new chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff in an interview published by the New York Times Monday .
While stressing that he intended to press for a continued increase in the military budget , the new chairman , Admiral Mike Mullen , warned : “ We ’re in a conflict in two countries out there right now .
We have to be incredibly thoughtful about the potential of in fact getting into a conflict with a third country in that part of the world . ”
But in relation to Iran itself , there are growing indications that armed actions have already begun .
Citing British Defense Ministry sources , the London Times reported Sunday that “ British special forces have crossed into Iran several times in recent months as part of a secret border war against the Iranian Revolutionary Guard ’s Al - Quds special forces . ”
According to the paper , British SAS commandos , operating jointly with US and Australian special forces units , have engaged in at least a “ dozen intense firefights ” with Iranian forces in the border area .
The Times cited “ persistent reports of American special - operations missions inside Iran preparing for a possible attack . ”
One only needs imagine what would happen if one of these special forces units were to be wiped out inside Iran .
No doubt , the claim would be made that they were attacked on the Iraqi side of the border , thereby providing the casus belli for a US attack .
The paper also reported the redeployment of seven American U2 spy planes to bases in Cyprus and Abu Dhabi , for use in mapping out targets for a US air assault on Iran .
Meanwhile , the Iraq war also threatens to spill across the Iraqi - Turkish border , with reports that a Turkish military convoy of some 50 vehicles carrying troops and weaponry is being sent to the border area after Kurdish separatist guerrillas of the PKK carried out one of their bloodiest attacks in nearly a decade .
The operation Sunday left as many as 17 soldiers dead , with another eight reported captured by the PKK .
Last week , before this latest attack , the Turkish parliament voted overwhelmingly in favor of a resolution authorizing the government to send the army across the border into Iraq to strike PKK bases there .
In London for a two - day visit , Turkish Prime Minister Tayyip Erdogan stated , “ If a neighboring country is providing a safe haven for terrorism ... we have rights under international law and we will use those rights and we do n’t have to get permission from anybody . ”
Erdogan went on to blame the US invasion and occupation of Iraq for the deteriorating situation on the Iraqi - Turkish border and the mounting threat of a wider war .
“ There ’s no success that I can see , ” he said .
“ There ’s only the deaths of tens of thousands of people .
There ’s just an Iraq whose entire infrastructure and superstructure has collapsed . ”
Turkey is well aware that the US has turned a blind eye towards the PKK ’s operations , while actively supporting its sister organization in carrying out terrorist attacks against Iran in the name of Kurdish separatism .
The latest PKK attack provoked demonstrations organized by opposition parties demanding military action .
In Ankara , thousands marched chanting “ Down with the PKK and USA ! ”
Turkey ’s move towards retaliation threatens to plunge into chaos the one region of Iraq that has been spared the murderous violence elsewhere .
While Washington ’s neo-colonialist intervention in Iraq is spilling across the borders of Turkey and Iran , so too the continuing warfare in Afghanistan is threatening to ignite a political powder keg in neighboring Pakistan .
The massive bomb attack against the convoy of Benazir Bhutto last Thursday that killed 136 people and left hundreds of others wounded may well prove the opening shot in a far wider bloodletting and civil war in Pakistan .
Bhutto , who was deposed as prime minister nearly a decade ago amid corruption charges , was brought back to Pakistan as part of a deal brokered by Washington with the country ’s military ruler , General Pervez Musharraf .
The aim is to forge a power - sharing agreement that would rescue the pro-US regime from mounting popular unrest , while paving the way for the incursion of US forces into the tribal regions bordering Afghanistan , where the Taliban enjoys refuge and popular support .
The implications of the joining together of the failing attempt by the US and its allies to suppress the resistance in Afghanistan and the mounting crisis in Pakistan was spelled out by former top United Nations envoy Paddy Ashdown in an interview last week with the Reuters news agency .
“ I believe losing in Afghanistan is worse than losing in Iraq , ” said Ashdown .
“ It will mean that Pakistan will fall and it will have serious implications internally for the security of our own countries and will instigate a wider Shiite , Sunni regional war on a grand scale . ”
Ashdown added , “ Some people refer to the First and Second World Wars as European civil wars and I think a similar regional civil war could be initiated by this ... to match this magnitude . ”
These developments threaten to thrust the US military into countries that span more than a 2,500 - mile swath of territory extending from the Black Sea to the Arabian Sea .
This region also constitutes the southern flank of the former Soviet Union , posing an ever more explicit threat to Moscow , against whom Bush ’s World War III remarks were principally directed .
US - Russian tensions found fresh expression last Thursday with a nationally televised broadcast by President Vladimir Putin in which he characterized the US intervention in Iraq as an attempt to seize that country ’s oil wealth and warned that Russia had the military capacity to prevent any American attempt to do the same thing on its soil .
“ Thank God , Russia is not Iraq , ” he said .
“ It is strong enough to protect its interests within its national territory and , by the way , in other regions of the world . ”
The broadcast included footage of the test launching of Russia ’s new Topol - M ballistic missile , which was said to have hit a target thousands of miles away in the Pacific .
Putin vowed to invest heavily in the rebuilding of Russia ’s military .
“ We will pay attention not only to developing the nuclear triad but other weapons as well . ”
He also warned that if Washington goes ahead with its proposal to deploy a missile defense system in Poland and the Czech Republic , “ We will certainly take steps in response to ensure the security of Russian citizens . ”
Asked about Bush ’s remark about World War III , White House press spokesperson Dana Perino insisted that he was only “ using that as a rhetorical point . ”
A survey of the instability and conflicts that US military interventions have unleashed across this region , which not incidentally contains the lion ’s share of the world ’s remaining energy reserves , makes it abundantly clear that the threat of a far wider conflagration is anything but rhetoric .
Underlying this threat lie the conflicting interests of rival capitalist nations and above all the drive by US imperialism to offset its economic decline in relation to rivals in Europe and Asia by exploiting its military superiority to seize hold of vital natural resources and markets .
Under these conditions , the danger that US militarism will plunge mankind into a new world war is all too real , as Washington ’s increasingly reckless interventions cut across the vital interests of other major powers .
This is the inescapable logic of the doctrine of “ preventive war ” elaborated by Bush and embraced by the predominant sections of America ’s ruling establishment .
Within this US ruling elite , there exists no genuine political opposition to the turn towards global warfare .
The Democrats , the ostensible opposition party , have continued to fund both the Iraq and the Afghanistan wars , while joining with the Republicans in the US Senate to pass a resolution branding Iran ’s main security forces a “ terrorist organization , ” thereby providing the political pretext for an unprovoked attack on yet another nation .
The real and growing danger of a far wider and more devastating war , threatening the lives of hundreds of millions , can be answered only by means of the independent mobilization of the working class , both in the US and internationally , on the basis of a common socialist program to put an end to war and the capitalist system that creates it .
Over the last two years , I have attended a few conferences , and while I have n’t been a guest at nearly enough in my opinion , I do have some early lessons and information to hand out to bloggers thinking of attending conferences .
So far , I have been fortunate enough to attend two BarCamps , Northern Voice , Mesh and nextMedia .
Pack Light
With the crazy weather in Canada , you would think that you need tons of gear to deal with anything the city you are visiting decides to throw at you , but moving around a hefty bit of luggage , as well as any technology you bring with you can be a nightmare .
Bring only the essentials , and deal with whatever mother nature decides to throw at you .
If you are going for a three day event , and bring three sweaters , just in case it gets cold , you will be lugging them around for no reason if the weather stays nice , or you go from the event , to a cab , to the hotel without spending more than thirty seconds outside .
If for some reason , you do end up needing a sweater on the second or third day , then pick up an inexpensive one , or take it as a sign you needed to shop for a new favorite .
This leads me to my next point .
Make Sure You Have Somewhere to Store Your Gear
I have been a bit silly before , and not arranged somewhere to put my suitcase before going to the conference , and so far I have been fairly lucky , with the facility either having somewhere for me to store it , or just having a place to tuck it out of the way , and hope no one walked off with my clothing .
If you have come into the city of the event before hand , and have a hotel , you already have a place to put your stuff .
Otherwise , pay the fee to get storage at the airport , bus or train station , as most of them seem to have some coin operated storage .
It can be a little annoying to come back and pick it up later in the evening , but it can be better than carting it around to different rooms at the conference .
Write Down Lots of Bullet Points
If your memory is anything like mine , you will want to be sure to write down lots of bullet points from each session you attend .
Key information about the presentation can mean the difference between being able to write a comprehensive article , and just doing a summary of an entire day .
I do n’t know about you , but I like coming away from conferences being able to create at least three great posts per day of the event .
Have Business Cards Made
When I went to my first conference , I did n’t have business cards yet , and so when I talked to people , I felt a little silly not being able to join the trading system that seemed to be at the end of any new meeting .
Even if you only blog for yourself , it never hurts to have business cards made , so that you can hand people your name , and contact details for reference later .
Network with People
One of the first things I have noticed at conferences is that people like to stick to their groups .
If you go with a few people , you will probably spend the whole time talking to each other .
I have been known to stay within my comfort zone as well , but you wo n’t build a great contact list if you sit and wait for people to come up to you .
Do n’t be shy .
They are all there to network and learn , just like you .
If you see someone alone , walk up , introduce yourself , and ask which company they are from and what they have thought of the event so far .
If none of the sessions have begun , ask them why they are at the event , and what they are hoping to learn .
These are easy ice breakers that will quickly give you a sense of the person you are talking to .
If you see a group , and they seem rather casual , walk close to them , and see if you can join in .
Do n’t interrupt , but listen for key opportunities to break into the conversation and join in .
Take a Day Off After Returning
Even if the trip is only a few hours away , when you go to a conference , there is no one doing your work , and even if you only blog for yourself , you will still feel behind .
When you get back , give yourself a little time to recharge , and let everything from the conference sink in .
I use this time to organize the rest of my week , file away the business cards I received , and organize my notes from the event .
You will be surprised how draining conferences can be , or how exhilarating they can be .
Getting back into the working , writing , publishing groove can be fairly difficult .
Involve Yourself
One of the best ways to get noticed by people at an event is to participate and one of the easiest ways to participate is to ask intelligent questions if and when there are openings for them .
Any way you can involve yourself will help set you apart from others , and also derive more value from the conference .
I have lost count at how many new things I have learned just by being able to get an expert to answer my question .
Also , I noticed that people that asked questions were more likely to have people talk to them between sessions , and anything that gets people willing to approach you , makes your job of networking that much easier .
Personally Thank the Organizers
One thing that I have found very helpful is to thank the organizers .
If you ca n’t find all of them , any single one would do .
Getting a business card from an organizer allows you an easier way to be invited back to the next event , get priority information , or even helps get you speaking at the next event if that ’s your goal .
Also , it never hurts to let them know when they did a good job , so that they will feel just a tiny bit more compelled to do it again .
Have Fun
While all the other points are important , and hopefully helpful , this last point is the key to the whole article .
Conferences are a chance to network with like - minded people and do something out of the ordinary .
It is a chance to let loose a little , and make some great business connections .
Do n’t let these opportunities pass without having some fun .
You never know when it will all end and you will be doing reports at some desk somewhere .
Author : David Peralty A Canadian problogger for over two years , David shares his insights from working on over 5000 posts .
Currently employed as the Head of Marketing for Splashpress Media .
Check out his personal blog at DavidCubed.com and his blog about his experiences at eXtra for Every Publisher .
Update : Kerik , facing indictment today , will be arraigned on charges Friday , sources say David Edwards and Muriel Kane
Published : Wednesday November 7 , 2007
del.icio.us
Print This Email This Update : Kerik to face arraignment Friday Rudy Giuliani's relationship to former New York City Police Commissioner Bernie Kerik has always been recognized as a potential problem for his presidential campaign .
Now the problem may become acute : ABC News reported late Wednesday that Bush 's onetime choice for Homeland Security Secretary will be indicted Thursday for tax evasion .
" Federal prosecutors are expected to ask a federal grand jury tomorrow to indict former New York City Police Commissioner Bernard Kerik for failing to pay taxes on free apartment renovations and rent , " two ' federal sources ' told ABC News ' Richard Esposito Wednesday night .
" Kerik , according to sources involved in preparing his defense , has expected the indictment , and his associates have been attempting to raise money for a legal defense fund .
Assuming the grand jury sitting in suburban Westchester County federal courthouse votes to indict , Kerik is expected to surrender to the United States Marshals Friday morning . "
According to ABC News , " Friends of Kerik are attempting to raise money from his well - heeled associates for a legal defense fund , the sources said .
It has been difficult , given that many of those associates may also have relationships with presidential candidate Rudolph Giuliani who is routinely questioned about his relationship with Kerik . "
Giuliani recommended Kerik for Homeland Security Secretary in 2004 , but his name was withdrawn following charges of corruption .
Giuliani has recently attempted to minimize his knowledge of Kerik 's background , telling the Associated Press , " It was a mistake not checking him out as thoroughly as I should have . "
According to the New York Times , Giuliani was warned about Kerik 's relationship with a company alleged to have mob connections even before he chose him as police commissioner in 2000 over the objections of a majority of his cabinet .
However , Giuliani has denied any recollection of the warnings , and Kerik said in a recent interview , " All I can tell you is that we , him and I , never discussed it .
What he knew or did n't know , I do n't know . "
Giuliani has also attempted to argue that Kerik 's role during his mayoralty should be judged on the basis of crime - fighting rather than corruption , telling the Associated Press , " The ultimate result for the people of New York City was a 74 percent reduction in shootings , a 60 percent reduction in crime .
...
If I have the same degree of success and failure as president of the United States , this country will be in great shape . "
However , Eugene O'Donnell , a professor of police studies who was formerly a police officer and prosecutor , told CNN that " there is no conclusive evidence " that anything Giuliani did was responsible for the drop in crime while he was mayor .
Political analyst Larry Sabato further suggested to CNN that Giuliani is attempting to change the focus from corruption to crime - fighting because that is an area where he feels he can control the message .
On a lighter note , one of the striking writers from The Colbert Report was heard complaining that " I hate not working on a day Rudy Giuliani is saying Bernard Kerik 's positives outweigh his negatives . "
UPDATE : Reports WNBC.com , Bernard Kerik is to be arraigned on charges in front of a Federal judge at noon on Friday , November 9 , 2007 .
No comment has yet to be received by Kerik 's attorney or the U.S. Attorney 's office .
The following video is from CNN's Situation Room , broadcast on November 6 , 2007 .
Some parents are afraid of letting children play unsupervised
A reluctance to let children take risks could stop them developing vital skills needed to protect themselves , he adds .
Tim Gill 's new book says that instead of creating a " nanny state " we should build a society where communities look out for each other and youngsters .
The book explores several key areas , including children 's play , anti-social behaviour and fear of strangers .
In No Fear : Growing Up in a Risk Averse Society , Mr Gill argues that childhood is being undermined by the growth of risk aversion and its intrusion into every aspect of children 's lives .
Activities that previous generations of children enjoyed without a second thought - like walking to school on their own - have been re-labelled as troubling or dangerous and the adults who permit them branded as irresponsible , he argues .
Although there is a widely - held view that children grow up faster today , in fact their lives are far more controlled than they were 30 years ago
Tim Gill , author , No Fear
Some parents are afraid of letting their children play unsupervised .
But through encountering risks , children learn how to overcome challenging situations , nurturing their character and fostering a sense of adventure , entrepreneurialism , resilience and self - reliance , claims Mr Gill .
Restricting children 's play limits their freedom of movement , corrodes their relationships with adults and constrains their exploration of physical , social and virtual worlds , he asserts .
He said : " Although there is a widely - held view that children grow up faster today , in fact their lives are far more controlled than they were 30 years ago .
" In this shrinking domain of childhood , our tendency always to view children as fragile means we are not encouraging them to develop their natural resilience - learning to manage risk in an age - appropriate way .
HAVE YOUR SAY
In my mother 's day every kid knew the local patrolling bobbies
Hannah Nacheva , Potters Bar
Send us your comments
" This is not an unconditional plea for the deregulation of childhood : children want adults to help them stay safe , and of course we must accept that responsibility .
" But rather than having a nanny state , where risk aversion dominates the landscape , we should be aspiring to a child - friendly society , where communities look out for each other and for children . "
Safer neighbourhoods
The Children 's Society takes a similar view .
Penny Nicholls , strategy director at the Children 's Society , said : " Over- protecting children carries different risks to under - protecting them , but can still cause long - term damage to their well - being .
" If we continue to try and create a risk - free life for our children , it will be childhood itself that 's at risk . "
A recent study suggested 43 % of adults felt children should not be allowed to play out unsupervised until they were aged 14 or over , she said .
This was " despite the fact that most respondents had been allowed out without an adult at the much younger age of 10 or under . "
Mr Gill says making communities more child - friendly would involve providing easy access to welcoming , accessible parks , squares and public spaces ; prioritising walking , cycling and public transport over the car ; and using city - wide planning to create safer neighbourhoods for children .
His book , which looks at childhood between the ages of five and 11 , is published by the Calouste Gulbenkian Foundation .
Mr Gill is an adviser to the ongoing Conservative Party Childhood Review .
From 1997 - 2004 he was director of the Children 's Play Council , and in 2002 he was seconded to Whitehall to lead the first government - sponsored review of children 's play .
LOS ANGELES ( Hollywood Reporter ) - Tim Burton has signed a deal with the Walt Disney Co. to direct and produce 3 - D movies based on Lewis Carroll ’s “ Alice in Wonderland ” and his own short film “ Frankenweenie . ”
The “ Alice ” adaptation , combining live - action and performance - capture technology , will start shooting in early 2008 .
Burton will then start work on a full - length version of his 1984 cult favorite “ Frankenweenie , ” about a pet dog who is brought back to life by his loyal owner in a very unusual way .
The film will be shot in stop-motion animation .
Burton is putting the finishing touches on the Johnny Depp musical “ Sweeney Todd , ” which DreamWorks / Paramount will release domestically next month .
Reuters / Hollywood Reporter
Evidently there are people [ and O. J. Simpson is one of them ] who , as Vicente Fox has noticed , are so " cocky " as to believe the laws do n't apply to them .
They can't " break the law " since they are above the law .
Doing anything they want is part and parcel of this syndrome .
George Bush has evidently demonstrated this from his childhood , including his evasion of combat during Viet Nam ( not to mention his fulfilling his duty by attending National Guard meetings , etc. ) .
Today , as president , Bush can blithely send service personnel off to danger and that 's ok in his mind since it is n't " wrong " .
He can wire - tap U. S. citizens without a warrant , since " he can't be wrong " .
He can appoint whomever he pleases ( irrespective of their incompetence ) , can declare " Mission Accomplished " , be the " Commander Guy " since all that 's necessary is for him to desire it .
That makes it all right .
He can go to war with whomever he chooses ( since when he says something such as " Iraq has acquired WMDs " ) , defy the will of the American people and the congress and refuse Congressional subpoenas since , with the O.J. Syndrome , whatever he does is " RIGHT " .
Way back when he was pronouncing his policies during his campaigns , I saw this trait in him .
Unfortunately for the country , though , not enough people joined in this perception .
It 's probably too late to initiate the impeachment procedures , but it 's not too late to call an O.J. exactly what it is .
George W. O. J. Simpson Bush needs to be thwarted in his attempts to circumvent our laws .
To recognize the problem is the first step in solving it .
Bush can't be cured [ he wo n't accept that there 's anything WRONG with him ] , but he CAN be blocked .
The congress needs to be made aware of his affliction .
12 glorious climate - filled debate minutes
It ’s Wednesday , July 31 , and sweet fancy Moses , there was actually substantive discussion of climate during last night ’s debate .
I know , I know , climate change only got about 12 minutes of airtime last night .
But hear me out :
Last night was the first time , possibly ever , that Democrats running for president actually got a chance to get into climate policy nitty - gritty on an official debate stage .
That ’s no small feat considering CNN ’s hurried debate format gave candidates a measly 30 seconds to respond to questions and an even measlier 15 seconds to reply to attacks .
Tim Ryan talked about how agriculture could help sequester carbon in the soil .
John Delaney made an argument for a carbon tax and said his plan would get emissions down to net - zero by 2050 .
John Hickenlooper made a case for a “ realistic approach ” to tackling the problem .
These moderates also poo-pooed the Green New Deal , which John Hickenlooper said would effectively “ FedEx the election to Donald Trump . ”
( By the way , the sweeping progressive proposal has proved to be wildly popular among a majority of voters , according to recent polls . )
Those were fighting words for progressive candidates Elizabeth Warren and Bernie Sanders .
“ I have a plan for a green industrial policy that takes advantage of the fact that we do what we do best , and that is innovate and create , ” Warren said .
“ This could revitalize huge cities across this country .
And no one wants to talk about it . ”
Sanders criticized the more moderate candidates for being afraid of big ideas .
But he aimed his biggest punches at the fossil fuel industry .
“ What do you do with an industry that knowingly , for billions of dollars in short - term profits , is destroying this planet ? ” he asked the audience .
“ I say that is criminal activity that can not be allowed to continue . ”
Tuesday night ’s performance was n’t the climate debate that environmental activists are clamoring for , but it was also one of the more robust discussions of climate we can remember seeing on any cable news network in a long while .
— Zoya Teirstein
The Smog
Need - to - know basis
Florida ’s Republican Governor Ron DeSantis is expected to name the Sunshine State ’s first chief resilience officer as soon as Wednesday , according to the Miami Herald .
But even though Julia Nesheiwat , DeSantis ’ climate czar of choice , has a ton of military and diplomacy cred , she does n’t seem to have much of any relevant environmental experience .
The Environmental Protection Agency has withdrawn proposed protections for Alaska ’s Bristol Bay , where the controversial Pebble Mine project could jeopardize the fate of the state ’s salmon .
Under the Obama administration , the agency had said the proposed gold and copper mine would have a harmful effect on streams that feed the bay , which includes the world ’s largest sockeye salmon run .
Speaking of the EPA , the agency filed a new proposal on Tuesday that would scrap restrictions on the use of waste from coal power plants .
The new proposal would allow coal ash , the residue left after burning coal , to be used as in a variety of ways , including as a cheap soil substitute , which could result in the material leaking arsenic and other toxic compounds into our water .
According to Lisa Evans of Earthjustice , the change would mean coal ash could be used all willy nilly , “ placed on the land with no liners , no monitoring , no air controls — in any community in the United States . ”
— Paola Rosa - Aquino
会社が設 立( 登記申請 ) してからやることはたくさんあるようです。私がやったことを時系列順に列挙します。
** やったこと
*** 銀行口座開設のWeb申請
手数料の安いジャパンネット銀行をマネーフォワード経由で申請しました。謄本がなくてもできますが設立(予定)日以降に送信する必要があります。
後日、税務署への届け出(後述)が完了したらその控えを含めた開設書類を郵送する必要があります。
*** 自宅( 賃貸 ) を社宅にする手続き
自宅の固定資産評価証明書を取得 賃貸契約の名義を法人に変える
2つの手続きが必要です。まずは1. をしました。大家さんじゃなくても市役所に行けば手に入れることができました。
*** 謄本、印鑑証明を取得
法務局で登記が完了したら謄本(履歴事項全部証明書)と会社の印鑑証明をとりにいきます。
登記が完了する日は順調ならば3-5営業日程度と聞きましたが、具体的な日は問い合わせる必要があります。
私の場合は、9/2設立から3日後の9/5に受け取ることができました。
*** 社会保険の登録
これも 「新規適用届」はマネーフォワードから書類が生成されます。地図を書く必要がありますが国土地理院のサイトから拝借しました。
年金事務所でできたてほやほやの謄本と必要な申請書類を出しました。
履歴事項全部証明 書
健康保険 厚生年金 新規適用 届( マネーフォワードから )
被保険者資格取得届 : 働く私の保険です
被扶養者届 : 子供や家族の扶養で す
( option ) 健康保険被保険者資格証明書交付申請書 : 健康保険カードが届く前に病院に行くときに医療費を払わなくていいような証明書がもらえます
( option ) 決定通知諸島の別 送
「登録」依頼書、納入告知等の別送依頼書 : 郵送物を事務所よりも自宅で受け取りたかったのでこれも出しました
保険料の自動振替のためには銀行口座ができたあとに手続きが必要です。
*** 税務署、都道府県税事務所へ届け出
マネーフォワード会社設立で必要書類を自動生成してくれる機能がありますが、私の場合は顧問の税理士先生にお願いしました。
謄本と定款のスキャンデー タ( PDF ) を税理士の先生にメールしてあとはおまかせです。
** これからやること
*** 銀行口座開設
申請書類を印刷して銀行へ郵送する必要があります。
*** クレジットカード作成
ほしい。どこのカードがよいかよくわかってない。
feature article reporting portland metro actions & protests | police / legal Granny Verdict : Not Guilty !
A Victory for Free Speech Portland , Oregon .
A Multnomah County jury found five grandparents charged with " unlawfully and intentionally causing substantial inconvenience to the United States " not guilty of Criminal Mischief in the 3rd degree on Thursday , December 13 .
Judge Richard Baldwin heard the case which stems from a silent vigil held by the Surge Protection Brigade , also know as the Seriously Pissed Off Grannies , on Good Friday , April 6 , at the US Army and Marine recruiting center on NE Broadway .
The jury began deliberations Thursday morning at 9:50 and deliberated for about a half an hour .
After the decision , one of the jurors referred to the defendants as " heroes . "
Picture on the left : Grannies , Grandpa and Attorneys , standing with the First Amendment .
Grannies , Grandpa and Attorneys with the First Amendment read more >>
[ Mozilla announced a new initiative focused on Internet mail and communications yesterday .
Read the press release here , and see Mitchell Baker ’s post below , crossposted from her blog .
– Paul Kim ]
Mozilla has been investing in email since the Foundation was created .
We have a good , solid client in Thunderbird , and we have aspirations to do more .
We ’ve spent the last few months working on how to meet those aspirations .
Many thanks to everyone who participated in the discussions .
The result is that Mozilla is launching a new effort to improve email and internet communications .
We will increase our investment and focus on our current email client — Thunderbird — and on innovations in the email and communications areas .
We are doing so by creating a new organization with this as its sole focus and committing resources to this organization .
The new organization does n’t have a name yet , so I ’ll call it MailCo here .
MailCo will be part of the Mozilla Foundation and will serve the public benefit mission of the Mozilla Foundation .
( Technically , it will be a wholly owned subsidiary of the Mozilla Foundation , just like the Mozilla Corporation . )
David Ascher is joining Mozilla to lead MailCo.
David has been an active participant in the Mozilla project for many years , both in his role as CTO of ActiveState and personally through participation in our governance discussions .
In fact it was one if David ’s comments on an early draft of the Mozilla Manifesto that helped crystallize its structure .
David also has deep experience in the open source world and is a member of the board of directors of the Python Foundation .
David also brings familiarity with Mozilla technology and the Mozilla community through years of using Mozilla technology to build ActiveState products , including the new Open Komodo project .
We are very fortunate to have David join us to lead this effort .
Mozilla will provide an initial $ 3 million dollars in seed funding to launch MailCo .
This is expected to be spent mostly on building a small team of people who are passionate about email and Internet communications .
As MailCo develops it and the Mozilla Foundation will evaluate what ’s the best model for long - term sustainability .
Mozilla may well invest additional funds ; we also hope that there are other paths for sustainability .
We ’ll be setting up MailCo in the coming weeks .
Part of this is forming the team of people , part is developing a transition plan to move Thunderbird into MailCo gracefully while supporting the Thunderbird users .
That will take some time .
We ‘re on the path now though and that ’s a great thing .
The goals for the new company are :
Take care of Thunderbird users
Move Thunderbird forward to provide better , deeper email solutions
Create a better user experience for a range of Internet communications — how does / should email work with IM , RSS , VoIP , SMS , site - specific email , etc ?
Spark the types of community involvement and innovation that we ’ve seen around web “ browsing ” and Firefox .
One of the things I find most exciting about the Firefox work is the way people use Firefox to dream up what the web could be , and then go out and so something to make it happen .
We can spark the same kind of excitement and energy level and innovation in the email / communications space .
And when we do , Internet life will get much , much better and much more interesting .
Help us make it happen .
– Mitchell Baker , Chair , Mozilla Foundation
Last Thursday , the heads of government of the 27 member states of the European Union convened in the Portuguese capital Lisbon to sign the EU Reform Treaty .
That “ Treaty of Lisbon ” is almost identical to the European Constitutional Treaty , the so - called EU Constitution , which was rejected two years ago in referendums in major EU member states .
The EU rules stipulate that treaties only become effective when they have been ratified in all 27 member states .
The “ no ” votes in the 2005 referendums killed the constitution , which would have transformed the EU from a supranational organization of 27 sovereign member states into a genuine single European federal state with 27 provinces .
It was clear from the outset , however , that the peoples of the various European states were not willing to renounce their national sovereignty for a “ United States of Europe . ”
Nevertheless , the European leaders are determined , no matter what their electorates say , to transform the EU into a USE .
As Jean - Claude Juncker , the prime minister of Luxembourg , said prior to the referendums : “ If the vote is yes , we will say : We go ahead .
If it is no , we will say : We continue . ”
Or as the former president of France , Valery Giscard d’Estaing , the chairman of the so - called convention , which drew up the constitution , said : “ The rejection of the constitution [ by the voters in referendums ] was a mistake which will have to be corrected . ”
In order to correct the voters ’ mistake the reform treaty was drafted .
This treaty is a copy of the constitution , with the articles in a somewhat different order , with many additions to deliberately complicate the text and without references to a national flag or anthem .
As Mr. Giscard explained in June to the Paris leftist paper Le Monde : “ Public opinion will be led to adopt , without knowing it , the proposals that we dare not present to them directly [...]
All the earlier proposals will be in the new text , but will be hidden and disguised in some way . ”
Or as Guiliano Amato , the foreign minister of Italy and the former vice chairman of the convention , said about the document that the European leaders signed last week : “ They decided that the document should be unreadable .
If it is unreadable , it is not constitutional , that was the sort of perception . ”
The EU leaders agreed that none of the member states ( apart from Ireland , which is obliged to do so under its own constitution ) will hold a referendum about the new treaty .
Instead , the national parliaments will ratify the treaty .
“ There is a cleavage between people and governments , ” admitted French President Nicolas Sarkozy .
“ A referendum now would bring Europe into danger .
There will be no treaty if we had a referendum in France . ”
Once the Lisbon Treaty is ratified in all member states , the legal nature of the EU will change into that of a state .
The national constitutions and the national parliaments will be subordinate to the EU , which will be enabled to unilaterally increase its own powers .
Europe ’s politicians are very eager to sell out their national sovereignty to the EU because the Brussels - based EU governing bodies are either unelected ( the commission ) or unaccountable ( the council ) .
Moreover , the European Parliament is not a real parliament .
It can not reject the so - called EU directives , which the national parliaments are obliged to incorporate into their national legislation .
Even today , up to 70 percent of the legislation in the various 27 EU member states emanates from Brussels .
Former Soviet dissident Vladimir Bukovsky has coined the term “ EUSSR ” to refer to the EU .
He claims Europe is on its way to developing into a totalitarian state .
In the early 1990s Mr. Bukovsky was given permission to research the secret documents of the Soviet leadership .
To his amazement he found a transcript there of a conversation held during a visit in January 1989 of Mr. Giscard to then - Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev .
In this conversation the former declared to the latter that “ within 15 years Europe is going to be a federal state . ”
The USE project was delayed a bit by the 2005 referendums , but European politicians have managed to get it back on track in Lisbon .
“ Today ’s situation is really grim .
Major political parties have been completely taken in by the new EU project .
None of them really opposes it .
They have become very corrupt .
Who is going to defend our freedoms ? ” Mr. Bukovsky asks .
In America , the supporters of Rep. Ron Paul , the maverick Republican presidential candidate , claim that there is a growing rift between the political leadership and the people .
Hence , they say , it is time for a second American Revolution .
Considering the far greater rift between the people and the governments in Europe , the need for a revolution is more urgent on the old continent than in Washington .
If the EU reform treaty is ratified , ancient nations such as England , France , Denmark and Hungary will lose their sovereignty .
They will be absorbed by a United States of Europe – a USE which a former Soviet dissident can only describe as an EUSSR .
This piece was originally published in The Washington Times on December 19 , 2007 .
Paul Belien is the editor of Secessie and The Brussels Journal .
Paul is a columnist at the Flemish weekly Pallieterke and at the Flemish monthly Doorbraak and a regular contributor to the Flemish conservative monthly Nucleus , which he co-founded in 1990 .
Older articles by Paul Belien , Brussels Journal Paul can be reached at : .( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address )
Mr Bush 's statement is the diplomatic highlight of his visit
He also urged a solution to the issue of Palestinian refugees that would involve paying them compensation .
It is thought to be Mr Bush 's strongest public statement pressing Israel to give up land it seized in the 1967 war .
He was speaking in Jerusalem following two days of separate talks with Israeli and Palestinian leaders .
He has been trying to encourage the two sides into peace talks , and says he wants a peace deal signed by the time he leaves office in January 2009 .
Mr Bush said in a statement : " It is vital that each side understands that satisfying the other 's fundamental objectives is key to a successful agreement . "
He said this would require :
secure recognised and defensible borders for Israel
a viable , contiguous , sovereign and independent Palestinian state
He added : " Agreement must establish Palestine as a homeland for the Palestinian people just as Israel is a homeland for the Jewish people . "
Stern warning
Mr Bush did not give details of precisely what a final agreement might contain - he said that would be a matter for the talks .
But his statement set out some parameters within which he expected negotiators to work .
These included :
Palestinian refugee families should be compensated , rather than returning to former homes in what is now Israel
adjustments to the pre-1967 boundaries " to reflect current realities " - a reference to Israeli settlements in the occupied West Bank
He issued a stern warning to both sides not to do anything which breaks promises they have already made , or which might make negotiations more difficult .
" On the Palestinian side , that includes confronting terrorists and dismantling terrorist infrastructure , " he said .
Most recent attacks on Israel have come from inside Gaza , which is run by the Islamic militant group Hamas , and not Mr Abbas .
However , Mr Bush made no direct reference to Gaza in his statement .
And he underlined the US commitment to Israeli security .
Mr Bush goes on to Gulf states on Friday , some of which have been less hostile to Israel than other Arab states .
He urged Arab states to reach out to Israel - a step he said was " long overdue " .
READER COMMENTS ON
" VIDEO EXCLUSIVE : Senator John Edwards Gives Stirring Speech At L.A. Rally "
( 16 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... Phil said on 1/18/2008 @ 9:31 am PT ...
Off Topic , Looking for that OPEN THREAD .... where is it ?
Could this help Sibel ?
http://cryptome.org/fbi010908.htm
Just asking .
I ai n't forgot about her .
To try to stay on topic though .
yeah , removal of the corporate money in elections is absolutely needed .
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... Phil said on 1/18/2008 @ 9:34 am PT ...
So sorry I did n't say what the hell that link was ... It ai n't like I am a journalist ... I 'm not .
10 January 2008 [ Federal Register : January 9 , 2008 ( Volume 73 , Number 6 ) ] [ Rules and Regulations ]
[ Page 1493 - 1495 ]
From the Federal Register Online via GPO Access [ wais.access.gpo.gov ]
[ DOCID : fr09 ja08 -2 ]
--- DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE 28 CFR Parts 0 and 27 [ Docket No. OAG 120 ; A.G. Order No. 2926-2008 ]
Technical Amendments to the Regulations Providing Whistleblower
Protection for Federal Bureau of Investigation Employees AGENCY : Office of the Inspector General and Office of Attorney
Recruitment and Management , Justice .
ACTION : Final rule .
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... Phil said on 1/18/2008 @ 9:36 am PT ...
how many of you remember wais ?
Heh heh heh I know brad does .
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... 72dawg said on 1/18/2008 @ 10:20 am PT ...
MORE OFF TOPIC
Brad ,
It 's time to clean this up .
There are six screens of " stay on top " articles .
Please group them under a button .
They are important , but so is reading the new stuff .
I would like to know about the MI election results that used the same LHS / Diebold machines as NH .
NOW the ACLU is trying to block paper ballots , what 's that about ?
Thanks
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... Juarez Traveller said on 1/18/2008 @ 10:48 am PT ...
Sadly , Edwards will not be our next President .
Is there really any doubt about that ?
Nationally , Clinton is only a few points above Giuliani , which is scary because he 's a nutcase and any Dem should be cleaning his clock .
But she really only wants incremental changes , and would leave the existing power structure intact .
Obama --- despite his recent ( albeit huge ) mistakes --- offers the best chance for real change .
But it all depends on when Edwards gets out of the race .
If he does it by Super Tuesday , his supporters will go mostly to Obama , and not to Clinton .
But Edwards has to get out right after losing South Carolina and Nevada .
If he really does prefer Obama to Clinton and values his principles more than his ego , he 'll get out while the getting 's good .
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 1/18/2008 @ 11:56 am PT ...
# 5 true , but Edwards can give his delegates to whom he wants after ... but I think Hitler(y ) is the corporatist pick .
Do we even have a choice ?
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 1/18/2008 @ 12:31 pm PT ...
The worst part about these wonderful speeches is that you can go back and listen to virtually the identical speeches from back in the fifties and sixties and seventies and eighties and nineties ....
A lot of people must be pretty damn sick of it always having to be about the same damn heinous problems ... that are not actually ever solved .
Democrats have been using the same hot air on us for a looooooong time , and even if Edwards means it , we can't even tell anymore .
He can't even tell anymore .
He gives this fine speech against the corporate greed while his " universal health plan " merely makes it mandatory for everyone to BUY healthcare .
I think most of us would already have tried that if it were feasible .
He gripes about coverage for lifesaving care being denied , and mentions we should nix " preëxisting conditions " but leaves out about just how the hell he 's going to force insurance companies to pay for stuff they do n't want to .
All the remedies for that already exist , and have long since , but they 're not remedying anything , now are they !
No .
They are not .
Obama is 90 % great speeches and 10 % almost completely useless senator .
Clinton is worse still .
But that does n't make Edwards the answer by a long shot .
If he were even half as sincere in his advocacy for workers and the poor as he thinks he is , he'd have the balls to call for single - payer universal healthcare .
At least ....
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... Alan MacDonald said on 1/18/2008 @ 1:17 pm PT ...
Posted on NYT Blog Caucus re Edwards ' TV ad : I ca n’t imagine what Edwards has going for him that could possibly explain the overwhelming popular support shown in that Fox video survey ?
Oh , oh , oh — maybe its his anti-corporate message .
Could that possibly explain why he is not getting any corporate media coverage ?
Yes , but hold your hat and wait until Edwards starts expanding his anti-corporate message into an anti-corporate EMPIRE message and telling people that this corporate Empire is the single cause of not just one but all of their top election issues : – the war – the crashing economy – job loses – health care crisis – domestic spying – destroying their environment – economic inequality and unfairness – budget & trade deficit – medicare funding shortfall – all the ‘ wrong track ’ problems that frustrate 80 % of the voters I wonder if that will get Edwards more corporate media coverage ?
It wo n’t matter , because when Edwards rightly blames the corporatist Empire for all the most important voter issues and concerns , a populist / progressive fire will start that will burn right over the corporate media gatekeepers .
— Posted by Alan MacDonald
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... molly said on 1/18/2008 @ 4:07 pm PT ...
If Edwards would fight election fraud , I would vote for him .
But after the travesty of the N.H. primary election ... he is n't even helping to pay for a recount ... lost cause to me .
I 'll probably vote for just state politicians .
Not gonna ' hold my nose and vote for any other war monger , So I guess Edwards is my favorite war monger .
Sad .
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... Dredd said on 1/19/2008 @ 6:53 am PT ...
I saw Edwards working in the New Orleans wards to help those whose lives were destroyed by Katrina and a levy collapse .
And who were largely ignored by the preznit blush regime 's hero Mr. " You are doin a heckuva job Brownie " Brown .
A levy collapse that could have been avoided if the preznit blush regime had listened to the civilian head of the Corp. of Engineers .
Instead preznit blush fired him for wanting to fix the levies way before Katrina .
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 1/19/2008 @ 9:22 am PT ...
My lingering concern about Edwards is his connection to some horrific hedge fund .
Anybody got info on that ?
I think he would be much more believable with an honest answer about it .
Amy and Juan have a great interview with LA Time 's Drogin on mitt 's financial backround
http://www.democracynow....ys_bain_capital_profited
What a total korporatist that ass is !
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... Encart said on 1/19/2008 @ 11:55 am PT ...
If you 're expecting change after the election of Clinton or Obama , check under the cushions of your sofa .
E
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... Juarez Traveller said on 1/20/2008 @ 3:12 pm PT ...
Obama got Rev. Caldwell 's endorsement today .
http://www.chron.com/dis...l/chronicle/5469706.html
This , following Obama 's praise of Reagan , seems to indicated that there 's a lot that folks ( including me ) have believed about him that turns out to be incorrect .
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... Ian Silberstein said on 1/20/2008 @ 10:50 pm PT ...
What 's wrong with the Democrats ?
For the last forty years the Democratic Party has had a very difficult time politically defining it self .
Since Richard Nixon was sworn in for the first time , nearly four decades ago , we have had five Republican Presidents .
Now why is that ?
I believe that too many Democratic voters are inept when it comes to politics .
The philosophical foundation of their party is very sensitive to the kind of issues that plague low income families and the middle class .
We need the kind of Democratic leadership that can send a strong message to their voters , teaching them that it is their civic responsibility to vote for a presidential nominee , who not only has a plan to deal with these issues , but who also has the best chance to beat the other party 's candidate .
As a voter you can't base your decision just on personality or feelings .
You need to base your decision on substance .
Democratic voters need to do their home work .
They need to look at the issues before them , and see how the candidates plan to address them .
An election is not about who has the biggest smile , the most charisma , or gets the greatest amount of sound bites on CNN .
How many voters actually study the political demographics of the general electorate ?
Remember all those red states in the last two races ?
Who have they been voting for ?
I sincerely believe .
that to be for change , we need to be progressive .
However we need to do it methodically and in steps .
The only Democrats to occupy the White House since Richard Nixon were James Earl Carter and William Jefferson Clinton .
Both of these men were southern Democrats who ran to make a difference .
If Democratic voters want a brighter future , they need to define themselves as the party of change , but to achieve change , you not only have to look toward the future , but you also need to look back at the past , or history is just going to repeat itself .
Ian Silberstein
I support John Edwards for President .
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... gtash said on 1/21/2008 @ 5:14 pm PT ...
Edwards should not drop out ahd I do n't think he will .
The people who follow him have no natural affinity to Obama nor Hillary .
If you believe that , then I think you are in for a rude awakening .
He will not " give " any delegates to anybody with a recommendation .
He may release them , but he will not align unless or until either one of them begins moving LEFT , not right .
We need Edwards because we need fighter , not a dreamer , not a mechanic , not an insider , not a Reagan worshiper , and not a Republican --- at all .
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... gtash said on 1/21/2008 @ 5:22 pm PT ...
DIGG THIS
The young lady recently murdered while hiking the southern tip of the Appalachian Trail might be alive today if she had tucked a pistol into her backpack or fanny pack .
Yes , I know it ’s against the law to carry a pistol on the trail , but which would you prefer — breaking a bureaucratic rule or getting your brains knocked out and then being decapitated ?
I ’m afraid too many of us have spent our lives in an urban environment and have thus lost touch with the reality of the outdoors .
When you go into the woods by yourself , you leave not only your car behind , but the protection of the law .
When you are by yourself , whether on an urban street or in a forest , and someone comes along with the intention of assaulting you , you are on your own .
There is no help .
Your choice is run or fight .
And a fight is a physical thing , not an intellectual matter .
Of course , if you are as fit as Chuck Norris and have the martial - arts skills of Jet Li , then maybe you can survive without a pistol , although bringing a black belt to a gunfight is not going to do you much good .
Merely having a gun does not mean you will survive the encounter .
The gun is an inanimate object , a tool .
It ca n’t think , it ca n’t move , it ca n’t aim itself , and it ca n’t fire itself .
You have to supply the brains .
These days , everyone would do well to add a pinch of paranoia to his otherwise sunny disposition and trusting nature .
If you are in an isolated area , any stranger should be considered an enemy until proven differently .
That does n’t mean you attack the stranger ; it just means you watch him carefully and do n’t let him get too close to you or behind you .
For a gun / tool to be of any use , it has to be loaded and readily available at the time and place you need it .
You ca n’t very well say : " Uh , hold up there a moment , will you ?
I know I put that pistol somewhere . "
A friend of mine who had lived in New York City all his life moved to Florida and went a little nuts when he discovered that any legal adult can buy a gun .
He bought an arsenal .
I reminded him one day that all his guns and ammunition stored at home would n’t help him if someone jumped him in the parking lot .
I ’ve never been a gun collector .
To me , guns are just tools , and they have only three functions : recreational shooting , hunting and self - defense .
In a self - defense situation , you are going to need only one gun , and if you have n’t protected yourself with your first two or three bullets , chances are you wo n’t have need for the rest of them .
I am not an advocate of the spray - and - pray school of shooting .
The only bullets that count in a gunfight are those that hit the bad guy .
The best self - defense tactic is to avoid putting yourself in a position where you will need to shoot .
The majority of violent crimes are committed in certain neighborhoods .
You know where they are .
Stay out of them .
Do n’t mope about looking vulnerable .
Secure your home and secure your car .
You do n’t have to be grim to be alert .
Two more points :
Before you buy a gun for self - defense , make sure you are psychologically prepared to take a human life .
That ’s not a minor thing .
Death is irrevocable .
There are always consequences .
If you are n’t prepared to deal with them , then you ’re better off buying pepper spray and a pair of running shoes .
Secondly , learn to use your gun .
That means lots of practice .
If an attack comes , it will come unexpectedly and suddenly , and you wo n’t have time to fumble around wondering where the safety catch is .
Always shoot to kill .
Charley Reese [ send him mail ] has been a journalist for 49 years .
The Best of Charley Reese
Peep Surgery
Introduction :
One of the great mysteries of the Peep species is that these creatures are always born as conjoined quintuplets .
Some scientists have theorized that this arrangement , much like pack behavior in other species , serves as a natural protection against predators .
As evidence , note that Peeps are most often consumed by predators only after they have been separated from their siblings .
Conversely , Peeps which remain attached to their siblings are rarely preyed upon .
Nevertheless , as Peeps integrate into modern society , there is no ethical reason they should be denied the benefits of individualism , freed from the bonds of their sticky , marshmallow kin .
We thus applied the advances of modern medicine to attempt this miracle separation of these 5 brave volunteers .
Materials :
In preparation of this never - before attempted surgery , a range of instruments and supplies were assembled .
Our thanks go out to all those who will wonder on Monday where these instruments have gone .
Phase 1 : Pre-operative Peep patient preparation .
Pre-operative Peep patient preparation .
Phase 2 : Patients are transported to operating theater , where they are given anesthetic and surgery begins .
Patients are transported to operating theater , where they are given anesthetic and surgery begins .
Phase 3 : After the first Peep is separated , wound is cauterized and first attempt at closure is carried out .
After the first Peep is separated , wound is cauterized and first attempt at closure is carried out .
Phase 4 : The second Peep has been separated , and sutures are used to close the wound .
The second Peep has been separated , and sutures are used to close the wound .
Phase 5 : Tension rises in the O.R. as a Code Purple is called .
Tension rises in the O.R. as a Code Purple is called .
Phase 6 : Reconstructive plastic surgery is carried out as the final step in this procedure .
Operative Results : Overall , we view this operation as a resounding success .
All five patients survived the procedure as viable , if not somewhat squished , individuals .
Future surgical technique should be refined based upon these experiences .
We expect significant improvement in outcome with repeated attempts .
Clearly , more data is required regarding base - line Peep vital signs and intraoperative monitoring .
Established protocols for Code Purple resuscitation should be reviewed .
Return to the Peep home page
We at The MishMash.com do care about matters other than buying fun stuff , the aberrant and the cheap laugh .
We 've gotta live and work in these United States too .
And , yeah , we DO vote .
To that end , to help you identify the 2008 presidential candidate most sharing your views , we 've gathered seven of the best , and easiest - to - use , web tools for the job .
You 'll be better informed .
1. At Politicalbase.com a voter can " build a customized grid of politicians of [ his / her ] choosing and match them up on specific issues [ and can , ] alternatively , jump to a specific issue to see more detailed information and stances from various politicians . "
The site also has a Who Should I Vote For For President in 2008 quiz .
Helpful .
2 . Not unexpectedly , the New York Times has created a concise Election Guide 2008 with the candidates ' positions on the issues of abortion , health care , immigration , Iraq and climate change .
There 's also information regarding candidate finances .
Good , substantive material .
US steps up plans for military intervention in Pakistan
By Bill Van Auken
20 November 2007
In the midst of public statements of support for “ democracy ” in Pakistan and the recent visit to Islamabad by the American envoy John Negroponte , Washington is quietly preparing for a stepped - up military intervention in the crisis - ridden country .
According to the New York Times Monday , plans have been drawn up by the US military ’s Special Operations Command for deploying Special Forces troops in Pakistan ’s frontier regions for the purpose of training indigenous militias to combat forces aligned with the Taliban and Al Qaeda .
Citing unnamed military officials , the newspaper reports that the proposal would “ expand the presence of military trainers in Pakistan , directly finance a separate tribal paramilitary force that until now has proved largely ineffective and pay militias that agreed to fight Al Qaeda and foreign extremists . ”
American military officials familiar with the proposal said that it was modeled on the initiative by American occupation forces in Iraq to arm and support Sunni militias in Anbar province in a campaign against the Al Qaeda in Iraq group there .
According to the Times report , skepticism that the same strategy can be adapted to the deteriorating situation in Pakistan centers on “ the question of whether such partnerships can be forged without a significant American military presence in Pakistan . ”
The newspaper adds that “ it is unclear whether enough support can be found among the tribes . ”
While the Pentagon admits to only about 50 US troops currently stationed in Pakistan as “ advisors ” to the Pakistani armed forces , that number would swell substantially under the proposed escalation .
The Times cites a briefing prepared by the Special Operations Command that claims the beefed - up US forces would not be engaged in “ conventional combat ” in Pakistan .
It quotes unnamed military officials as acknowledging , however , that they “ might be involved in strikes against senior militant leaders , under specific conditions . ”
In other words , American Special Forces units would be used to carry out targeted assassinations and attacks on strongholds of Islamist forces .
In addition to the plan to recruit and train new paramilitary militias in the frontier region , Washington has developed a $ 350 million program to train and equip the existing 85,000 - member Frontier Corps , a uniformed force recruited from among tribes in the Pakistan border region .
There is also considerable skepticism about the prospects for this program .
“ The training of the Frontier Corps remains a concern for some , ” the Times reports : “ NATO and American soldiers in Afghanistan have often blamed the Frontier Corps for aiding and abetting Taliban insurgents mounting cross - border attacks .
‘ It ’s going to take years to turn them into a professional force , ’ said one Western military official .
‘ Is it worth it now ? ’ ”
There are growing concerns in Washington that the martial law regime imposed by the Pakistani president , Gen. Pervez Musharraf , at the beginning of this month might unleash revolutionary convulsions that could topple the military regime , which has served as a lynchpin for American interests in the region .
The Bush administration has repeatedly demanded that Musharraf take action against Al Qaeda and Taliban fighters in the areas bordering Afghanistan .
Residents on both sides of the border are ethnic Pashtuns .
The latest US National Intelligence Estimate released last July charged that Al Qaeda had reestablished “ safe havens ” in Pakistan ’s Federally Administered Tribal Areas ( FATA ) .
Taliban - aligned forces have been able to extend their influence from the Waziristan region along the Afghan border further into Pakistan , establishing control to the north over a large portion of the Swat valley in the North West Frontier Province .
According to press reports , over 1,000 civilians , members of the security forces and Islamist fighters have been killed in fighting in the region over the past five months .
Senior Pakistani military officials announced over the weekend that the army had massed nearly 20,000 troops backed by tanks and artillery for a major offensive in the Swat district aimed at wresting control from militias loyal to Mullah Maulana Fazlullah , a pro-Taliban cleric .
Such offensives have proven ineffectual in the past , however , in no small part due to the support that the Islamists enjoy within influential sections of the Pakistani military and intelligence apparatus , a relationship that was solidified during the CIA - backed war against the Soviet - supported regime in Afghanistan in the 1980s .
These forces have also gained strength as a result of popular hostility to the slaughter unleashed by the US occupation in neighboring Afghanistan , combined with resentment over the poverty and social inequality produced by the economic policies of the Pakistani regime .
A clear indication of the depths of concern in Washington over the unraveling of its client regime in Pakistan came Sunday in the form of an op - ed piece published by the New York Times under the bylines of Fred Kagan and Michael O’Hanlon .
Kagan , a member of the right - wing American Enterprise Institute , is a longstanding supporter of the US war in Iraq and was a signatory of the Project for a New American Century letter in 2001 demanding that the Bush administration invade the country in response to 9/11 .
He drafted a document that served as a blueprint for the recent “ surge ” that sent 35,000 more US troops into Iraq .
O’Hanlon , a member of the supposedly more liberal and Democratic - oriented Brookings Institute , has also emerged as a prominent supporter of the “ surge ” in Iraq and last April co-authored a paper with Kagan setting out a “ grand strategy ” for US imperialism .
This envisioned a war against Iran as well as interventions in North Korea , Pakistan , Saudi Arabia and elsewhere .
The document urged “ finding the resources to field a large - enough standing Army and Marine Corps to handle personnel - intensive missions . ”
The Times piece , entitled “ Pakistan ’s Collapse , Our Problem , ” advocates the immediate consideration of “ feasible military options in Pakistan . ”
It states : “ The most likely possible dangers are these : a complete collapse of Pakistani government rule that allows an extreme Islamist movement to fill the vacuum ; a total loss of federal control over the outlying provinces , which splinter along ethnic and tribal lines ; or a struggle within the Pakistani military in which the minority sympathetic to the Taliban and Al Qaeda try to establish Pakistan as a state sponsor of terrorism . ”
The article cautions against complacency that the Pakistani military command and the country ’s ruling elite will manage to maintain stability .
“ Americans felt similarly about the shah ’s regime in Iran until it was too late , ” it warns .
The two military analysts lay out alternate “ scenarios ” for US interventions .
The first , consisting of a full - scale intervention and occupation , would , they say , require more than a million troops , making it politically and militarily unfeasible .
Instead , they suggest a possible Special Forces operation aimed at seizing control of Pakistani warheads and nuclear materials .
They put forward an additional “ broader option ” that would involve the deployment of “ a sizable combat force ” with the mission of propping up the Pakistani military and waging war on the pro-Taliban forces in the border regions .
“ So , if we got a large number of troops into the country , what would they do ? ” the article asks .
“ The most likely directive would be to help Pakistan ’s military and security forces hold the country ’s center — primarily the region around the capital , Islamabad , and the populous areas like Punjab Province to its south . ”
It adds : “ If a holding operation in the nation ’s center was successful , we would probably then seek to establish order in the parts of Pakistan where extremists operate .
Beyond propping up the state , this would benefit American efforts in Afghanistan by depriving terrorists of the sanctuaries they have enjoyed in Pakistan ’s tribal and frontier regions . ”
Whatever limited lip service the US State Department gives to the call for ending the martial law regime imposed by Musharraf in Pakistan , the real aims and methods of the American ruling establishment — Democratic and Republican alike — emerge clearly in the Kagan - O’Hanlon article .
What is now being seriously contemplated is yet another colonial - style war in a region that stretches across the Middle East and Central and South Asia , from Iraq to Pakistan , with the objective of salvaging , with or without Musharraf , the Pakistani military — the corrupt and repressive instrument with which Washington has been aligned for decades .
The crisis in Pakistan is symptomatic of the ever - widening instability created by the two wars — in Afghanistan and Iraq — which Washington has waged to tighten the US grip over the region ’s energy resources .
Now , with open and simultaneous discussions of possible military interventions in Iran and Pakistan , what is emerging is the growing threat of a global military conflagration .
py -amqplib
Python client for the Advanced Message Queuing Procotol ( AMQP )
Now on GitHub
Implements a simple non-threaded client library for AMQP 0 - 8 , tested with RabbitMQ .
I was looking for something that could be used in an embedded Python environment ( py- exim - localscan ) , in which case reliance on threading would probably cause trouble .
A quick connection time was desirable too .
QPID takes a while to parse the AMQP spec file .
For this module , I generated a skeleton statically from the 0 - 8 spec file , and fleshed it out by hand .
Also features SSL support ( tested against RabbitMQ behind a Stunnel )
See also : py- amqplib on the Cheeseshop , Apache QPID , txAMQP for Twisted Python .
Check out a very nice writeup on AMQP and RabbitMQ with examples using py- amqplib
There is also a php-amqplib available that 's a very similar port of this code to PHP .
Repositories
The Nevada Supreme Court ruled Tuesday that MSNBC is not required to include candidate Dennis Kucinich in its scheduled Democratic presidential debate .
The seven - member court overturned Monday ’s ruling by a Nevada district court judge .
The decision , which came one hour before the debate was scheduled to begin in Las Vegas , meant that Mr. Kucinich would not share the stage with the party ’s three leading contenders , Hillary Rodham Clinton , Barack Obama and John Edwards .
The debate is expected to begin at 9 p.m. Eastern on MSNBC .
MSNBC had no immediate comment on the ruling .
It will likely be described as a First Amendment victory by the news organization , as lawyers for NBC had argued that it had a right , as a privately owned network , to determine whom to invite to the debate .
The network changed the criteria for participation in the debate after other candidates dropped out of the Democratic race for president last week .
On Monday senior district court judge Charles Thompson had ruled that Mr. Kucinich should be allowed to participate in the debate , citing a breach of contract by NBC Universal .
Two days after a consultant for NBC invited Mr. Kucinich to the Las Vegas debate , NBC changed the criteria to only include candidates who had placed first , second or third in either the Iowa caucuses or New Hampshire primaries .
The revised criteria excluded Mr. Kucinich , who has averaged 3 to 4 percent support in recent Nevada polls , prompting him to file a complaint on Monday .
The district court judge sided with Mr. Kucinich and said he would issue an injunction halting the debate if the candidate was excluded .
NBC Universal responded by requesting an emergency hearing to review the decision .
The state Supreme Court sided with NBC , determining that the lower court had exceeded its jurisdiction in making the ruling .
Additionally , the court ruled that Mr. Kucinich did not have an enforceable contract with the network .
While awaiting the court ’s ruling on Tuesday , the NBC News correspondent Kevin Corke explained the network ’s position in a conversation with Tucker Carlson on MSNBC .
“ We were expecting to have the three major candidates .
Why ?
Well quite frankly , because those are the probable candidates .
That pool is the most viable pool .
And truthfully , most people want to hear what Hillary Clinton and John Edwards and Barack Obama have to say , ” Mr. Corke said .
“ After all , those are probably the three they ’re going to be picking from . ”
Mr. Corke said he doubted that Mr. Kucinich would attend the debate .
“ I ’m not so sure it serves the voters that well , ” he said , “ but certainty there ’s a feeling here that every voice needs to be heard . ’
Mr. Carlson responded : “ Well as long as judges are deciding who ’s on television , frankly I want a better time slot , and I plan to petition the court . ”
At the state Supreme Court hearing on Tuesday , an attorney for NBC invoked the news organization ’s First Amendment rights .
“ Simply because you allege breach of contract does n’t lessen the burden of the First Amendment , ” Donald Campbell said , according to the Las Vegas Sun .
An attorney for Mr. Kucinich said the candidate ’s absence on the debate stage “ would be detrimental to voters . ”
Mr. Kucinich had previously framed his dis-invitation as an attempt by NBC to muzzle dissenting voices .
In a statement last week he labeled corporate media control of information sinister and un-American .
Several recent quarrels between presidential candidates and television networks have prompted conversations about the rights of those media organizations to formulate criteria for participation at debates .
ABC News did not invite Mr. Kucinich , Democratic candidate Mike Gravel or Republican candidate Duncan Hunter to its New Hampshire debates on Jan. 5 .
Fox News Channel did not invite Ron Paul to its Republican forum in New Hampshire on Jan. 6 , prompting the state ’s Republican party to pull its sponsorship of the event .
Brian Williams , the anchor of “ NBC Nightly News , ” is scheduled to moderate the debate .
The format includes a twist : for the first time in this presidential debate cycle , “ the candidates will have the ability to question each other during one particular segment , ” Mr. Williams noted in a blog post .
AS TOBACCO bans come into force and the air clears in Victoria 's hotels , patrons and staff are being exposed to other noxious smells at unprecedented levels .
Beer - fuelled flatulence , burps and body odour are no longer masked by cigarette smoke and some , even non-smokers , are beginning to question the merits of the ban , along with the personal hygiene of fellow patrons .
The owner of South Yarra 's Chasers nightclub , Martha Tsamis , said there had been a " strong stench " in her venue since July 1 , particularly on nights when the dance floor was jammed with cavorting couples .
Baghdad Burning
... I 'll meet you 'round the bend my friend , where hearts can heal and souls can mend ...
The Great Wall of Segregation ...
… Which is the wall the current Iraqi government is building ( with the support and guidance of the Americans ) .
It 's a wall that is intended to separate and isolate what is now considered the largest ' Sunni ' area in Baghdad - let no one say the Americans are not building anything .
According to plans the Iraqi puppets and Americans cooked up , it will ' protect ' A'adhamiya , a residential / mercantile area that the current Iraqi government and their death squads could n't empty of Sunnis .
The wall , of course , will protect no one .
I sometimes wonder if this is how the concentration camps began in Europe .
The Nazi government probably said , " Oh look - we 're just going to protect the Jews with this little wall here - it will be difficult for people to get into their special area to hurt them ! "
And yet , it will also be difficult to get out .
The Wall is the latest effort to further break Iraqi society apart .
Promoting and supporting civil war is n't enough , apparently - Iraqis have generally proven to be more tenacious and tolerant than their mullahs , ayatollahs , and Vichy leaders .
It 's time for America to physically divide and conquer - like Berlin before the wall came down or Palestine today .
This way , they can continue chasing Sunnis out of " Shia areas " and Shia out of " Sunni areas " .
I always hear the Iraqi pro-war crowd interviewed on television from foreign capitals ( they can only appear on television from the safety of foreign capitals because I defy anyone to be publicly pro-war in Iraq ) .
They refuse to believe that their religiously inclined , sectarian political parties fueled this whole Sunni / Shia conflict .
They refuse to acknowledge that this situation is a direct result of the war and occupation .
They go on and on about Iraq 's history and how Sunnis and Shia were always in conflict and I hate that .
I hate that a handful of expats who have n't been to the country in decades pretend to know more about it than people actually living there .
I remember Baghdad before the war - one could live anywhere .
We did n't know what our neighbors were - we did n't care .
No one asked about religion or sect .
No one bothered with what was considered a trivial topic : are you Sunni or Shia ?
You only asked something like that if you were uncouth and backward .
Our lives revolve around it now .
Our existence depends on hiding it or highlighting it - depending on the group of masked men who stop you or raid your home in the middle of the night .
On a personal note , we 've finally decided to leave .
I guess I 've known we would be leaving for a while now .
We discussed it as a family dozens of times .
At first , someone would suggest it tentatively because , it was just a preposterous idea - leaving ones home and extended family - leaving ones country - and to what ?
To where ?
Since last summer , we had been discussing it more and more .
It was only a matter of time before what began as a suggestion - a last case scenario- soon took on solidity and developed into a plan .
For the last couple of months , it has only been a matter of logistics .
Plane or car ?
Jordan or Syria ?
Will we all leave together as a family ?
Or will it be only my brother and I at first ?
After Jordan or Syria - where then ?
Obviously , either of those countries is going to be a transit to something else .
They are both overflowing with Iraqi refugees , and every single Iraqi living in either country is complaining of the fact that work is difficult to come by , and getting a residency is even more difficult .
There is also the little problem of being turned back at the border .
Thousands of Iraqis are n't being let into Syria or Jordan - and there are no definite criteria for entry , the decision is based on the whim of the border patrol guard checking your passport .
An airplane is n't necessarily safer , as the trip to Baghdad International Airport is in itself risky and travelers are just as likely to be refused permission to enter the country ( Syria and Jordan ) if they arrive by airplane .
And if you 're wondering why Syria or Jordan , because they are the only two countries that will let Iraqis in without a visa .
Following up visa issues with the few functioning embassies or consulates in Baghdad is next to impossible .
So we 've been busy .
Busy trying to decide what part of our lives to leave behind .
Which memories are dispensable ?
We , like many Iraqis , are not the classic refugees - the ones with only the clothes on their backs and no choice .
We are choosing to leave because the other option is simply a continuation of what has been one long nightmare - stay and wait and try to survive .
On the one hand , I know that leaving the country and starting a new life somewhere else - as yet unknown - is such a huge thing that it should dwarf every trivial concern .
The funny thing is that it ’s the trivial that seems to occupy our lives .
We discuss whether to take photo albums or leave them behind .
Can I bring along a stuffed animal I 've had since the age of four ?
Is there room for E.'s guitar ?
What clothes do we take ?
Summer clothes ?
The winter clothes too ?
What about my books ?
What about the CDs , the baby pictures ?
The problem is that we do n't even know if we 'll ever see this stuff again .
We do n't know if whatever we leave , including the house , will be available when and if we come back .
There are moments when the injustice of having to leave your country , simply because an imbecile got it into his head to invade it , is overwhelming .
It is unfair that in order to survive and live normally , we have to leave our home and what remains of family and friends …
And to what ?
It 's difficult to decide which is more frightening - car bombs and militias , or having to leave everything you know and love , to some unspecified place for a future where nothing is certain .
By Ben Myers
I ’ve been a fan of Mike Topp ’s work for many , many minutes .
Indeed , it was this very site that lead me to his precise , economical and witty poetic satori .
I liked them and set to work investigating further .
Well , it turned out that he has published scores of his indefinable across small presses , the internet and in publications such as McSweeney ’s and Exquisite Corpse .
Mike Topp writes about the minutiae of life — or perhaps he writes about the minutiae of minutiae itself .
Either way , he observes , captures or comments on the same inane shards of nothingness that join together to form individual existence .
He seems to take delight in the things that keep many of us awake at night : oblique realisations , the absurdity of love , the absurdity of everything , declarations that are so senseless and outwardly meaningless that they merely serve to highlight the futility of the things people actually pretend to care about — work , money , life , death and so forth .
Topp is a satirist who is swifter than Swift , more surreal than Brautigan ; a kind of slogan - drunk marketing man who has turned his hand to poetry .
He is the author of numerous collections of writing dating back to 1984 including
Own Your Own and Happy Ending ( Future Tense Books , 2005 and 2002 ) , I Used to Be Ashamed of My Striped Face ( Elimae , 2001 ) and Wild Wives / High Priest of California ( a flip book with Sparrow , published by Beet , 1997 ) .
His latest book Shorts Are Wrong ( Unbearable Books , 2007 ) features new work alongside previously published collections Basho ’s Milk Dud and Six Short Stories & Seven Short Poems and some fine illustrations .
Biographies that accompany his work offer a series of conflicting facts about Mike Topp , a shape - shifting literary enigma leaving a trail of false information of man born in different eras .
He is the point where fact meets fiction , the poem meets the short story , absurdity meets reality , the epiphany meets the pen .
Even his name is as clipped and economical as his delightful work .
And it is work that is not so much flash fiction , as flash - bang - wallop fiction .
It ’s writing for Ritalin kids , the bemused and the not - yet - cynical .
Twisted mantras for the TV babies .
Poems as pills to be swallowed .
Pills like this :
Divine Love
by Mike Topp
God rains his love down on us every day .
But we do n’t feel that love , because our ego is like a giant umbrella that we hold over our heads .
What we need to do is put that umbrella away in the ego ’s umbrella stand — then we will feel God ’s love .
Ego ’s umbrella stand , in black walnut or mahogany .
$ 7,500 .
I love that story .
But there ’s more to Topp ’s work than flimsy furniture .
In fact , most of it is meditative and Zen - like yet with the dry , deadpan delivery of a comic facing down a dead audience .
Stories like this :
The Light Bulb
I think man got the idea for the light bulb from those cartoons when someone gets an idea .
Or this :
Theory
Theoretically if you took all the blood vessels out of your body and laid them end to end you would die .
Or , of course :
Disappointment
6’5 ″
4 ″
Not caring which was fact and fantasy I decided to contact him , partially to find out who the true Mike Topp is , partially to tit about on e-mail as means of prolonging facing the real world .
I mailed the madman of modern American letters .
What follows is the correspondence , conducted February 2007 .
*
Hello Mike Topp .
What makes you laugh ?
Ben Myers
Hello Ben Myers .
When my sock gets caught in the wheel of a wheelbarrow while I’m
loading gravel - mixed - with - corduroy in Wales in 1942 .
Or is that too obvious ?
Feebly ,
Mike .
Hi Mike ,
No , I know exactly what you mean .
If it was more socially acceptable , would you eat human flesh ?
Famished ,
Ben
Hi Ben ,
I ’m not really against eating human flesh , viz :
More Ways To Cook And Eat Celine Dion
Medallions de Dion
Celine Kabobs
Tandoori Dion
Celine Pot Pie
Oreos ,
Mike
Mike —
When you think of England what do you see ?
Cor blimey guvnor ,
Ben
Hi Ben ,
I used to see crooked teeth and perfect hair ; now I see perfect teeth and
crooked hair .
Disraeli ,
Mike
Hi Mike ,
Myself , I like a nice blond tooth on a lady .
I was wondering , how come there is always enough news to fill the newspapers every day ?
Rackhabit ,
Ben
Hi Ben ,
Two monks were arguing about whether their train was moving .
One said :
“ Our train is moving . ”
The other said : “ The train on the tracks next to us is moving . ”
The Sixth Patriarch happened to be walking down the aisle .
He asked
them : “ Would I look good in short shorts ? ”
In parables ,
Mike
Hi Mike ,
Sunday was a big day for me .
I broke wind in front of my girlfriend for the first time .
We ’ve been together over six months — and they say chivalry is dead .
It had actually been planned for the weekend before , when she had pointed out that it was a bit weird that neither of us had done such a thing , and I had responded by saying ‘ OK , I ’m going to fart this weekend , just you watch me . ’
And though I nearly shat myself trying , for various reasons it never happened .
Then , yesterday , eating breakfast , apropos nothing I suddenly yelled out ,
“ This is history ! ” and let rip there and then .
It was n’t the greatest of farts and she was in the middle of telling me something quite important so now I can’t help feeling like perhaps she was n’t as impressed by this ice - breaker as I had expected her to be .
With that in mind , which US state would you least like to get a puncture in ?
( Your answer must include reference to an Eddie Murphy film . )
All the best ,
Ben
Hi Ben ,
Congratulations on the milestone you ’ve reached with your girlfriend .
It ’s especially touching as it was n’t planned and sounded very spontaneous .
I would n’t like a flat in Rhode Island .
If I got one there , I ’d leave in 48 hrs .
“ Puncture ” there , “ flat ” here .
“ Drinking fountain ” here , “ bubbler ” in Rhode Island .
- Achilles Fang
PS : I think more children should play with elves , but that ’s out now .
Mr Fang –
I suspect I should ask you something about literature as this point , but I ca n’t think of anything and I just spilled a vile cherry drink on an ex-Tamil Tiger so I ’m a little distracted .
Oh , wait , now I can :
Have you ever experienced a violent dichotomy ?
( If yes , is it true the feeling is akin to eating twelve rancid clams ? )
Yours ,
Hunter Gathreaux
Hey Ben ,
One day I found a pea the size of a golf ball .
The next day I found a golf ball the size of a pea .
( like laughing and sneezing )
Best ,
Super Nana ( French for “ fabulous babe ” )
PS : I have a bad blog : red-boldface.blogspot.com
Good morning ,
What ’s next for ‘ Mike Topp ’ ?
Do you have any books coming out ?
( I use ‘ these ’ because I ’m only 76 % certain you exist )
Yours ,
Archie Pellago
Hi Ben ,
I have a book coming out this spring from Unbearable Books ( in conjunction with Autonomedia ) called Shorts Are Wrong .
It will be available on Amazon .
Here is a blurb from poet Eileen Myles :
Just when I think Mike Topp ’s poems are funny , they ’re wise .
Just when I
think they ’re wise , they ’re bad .
Just when I think they ’re bad , they ’re
great .
Mike Topp ’s book is exactly like the world .
Deliverance ,
Mike
Thanks Mike –
The book looks fantastic .
It looks a dream translated onto paper .
Well done .
At the moment I ’m actually just finishing up putting together a collection of similarly writings that have appeared on the old - time internet .
I ’m just trying to find someone to put it out , which is a lot like trying hit the toilet at 4 am without my glasses on .
Anyway .
I think we ’re nearly done with this .
But please consider this :
What would you like carved on your gravestone ?
It ’s freezing here ,
Ben
Hi Ben ,
On my gravestone :
SASE
Mike Topp
8 Stuyvesant Oval
New York , New York
I Used to Be Ashamed of My Striped Face , my first big collection , brilliantly debuted on September 12 , 2001 , when the world was ripe for irony , humor , etc .
I ’m excited that my new collection Shorts Are Wrong has art by Will Yackulic , David Berman , and William Wegman .
It ’s so cold here that my hair feels like it ’s on fire .
Best
Mike
Thanks Mike
OK , so let ’s finish with a bang and be done with it .
I ’ll send the piece for you to dust in spastic magic , then I ’ll forward it on to the drunks at 3AM .
Here we go :
Do you work for a living ?
10 - 4 over and out –
Ben
PS – The day before yesterday I baked a loaf of bread .
I threw in some raisins and cranberries and suddenly , without planning , it was the world ’s biggest fruit scone .
I suppose it ’s all about perception , really — a table ’s not a table , it ’s a chair etc … .
Hey there Ben ,
I work for a living — managing editor in publishing 9 - 5 .
I have guest - edited some magazines , published John Cage , Raymond Pettibon , Miranda July , Thurston Moore , Nick Tosches , Eileen Myles , Jessica Diamond , William Wegman , Jean - Michel Basquiat , Ron Padgett , David Lynch , Richard Prince , Patrick McGrath , Ida Applebroog , Amy Yamada , Gregory Crewdson , John Baldessari …
I could continue to name - drop .
I was managing editor of Artforum around the turn of the century .
Now work at Madison Square Garden .
I get to see Don King when he visits with his entourage , with Mr. King twirling American flags .
Thanks
Mike
PS : I bake Cape Cod cranberry fruit - nut bread once a week for the wife .
Hi Mike
Congratulations you have endured a series of ridiculous daily questions and have passed the test .
The chocolate factory is all yours , Charlie my boy !
Last night I awoke at 3 am and looked out the window to see police chasing a man along the street ( there were three murders in my neighbourhood at the weekend — a rarity for the UK ) .
Then when they caught him it immediately started delicately snowing for the first time since the last time .
It was like a textbook idyllic chocolate box scene , all those flashing blue lights , barking dogs , out - of - breath policemen and silent snowdrops falling across London .
Goodbye for now –
Ben
*
ABOUT THE INTERVIEWER
Ben Myers is a novelist , poet , music journalist and regular contributor to 3: AM .
Jeanne Carmen Hollywood Pinup Girl Dead at 77 ( Photos )
was a popular 1950 's pinup girl and actress who hobnobbed with the likes ofandhas died at age 77 .
The legendary " little country girl " ran away at age 13 and landed in New York where she got a job as a dancer in a Broadway show called Burlesque .
She later went into modeling where she gained popularity in cheesecake photos featured in men's magazines .
She reinvented her career in later life and became a trick golfer .
She followed the men's golf tour and performed trick shots , including hitting a golf ball out of a man 's mouth .
She also claimed to have been involved in hustling golfers with Las Vegas mobster Johnny Rosseli
Jeanne Carmen died at her Orange County , California home .
She is survived by one son and two daughters .
We 've included additional pictures .
Caracas , Venezuela
ON Dec. 17 , 1982 , three of my fellow officers in the Venezuelan Army and I swore our allegiance to the Bolivarian Revolutionary Army 2000 .
We considered ourselves to be at the birth of a movement that would turn a critical eye on Venezuela ’s troubled social and political system — and formulate proposals to improve it .
One of the officers with me was Hugo Chávez , the current president of Venezuela , whom I have known since I entered the military academy 35 years ago .
Hugo Chávez and I worked together for many years .
I supported him through thick and thin , serving as his defense minister .
But now , having recently retired , I find myself with the moral and ethical obligation as a citizen to express my opposition to the changes to the Constitution that President Chávez and the National Assembly have presented for approval by the voters tomorrow .
The proposal , which would abolish presidential term limits and expand presidential powers , is nothing less than an attempt to establish a socialist state in Venezuela .
As our Catholic bishops have already made clear , a socialist state is contrary to the beliefs of Simón Bolívar , the South American liberation hero , and it is also contrary to human nature and the Christian view of society , because it grants the state absolute control over the people it governs .
Venezuelan society faces a broad array of problems that have not been addressed in the eight years Mr. Chávez has been in office , even though the present Constitution offers ample room for any decent , honest government to do so .
Inflation , threats to personal safety , a scarcity of basic supplies , a housing shortage and dismal education and health care are problems that will not be resolved by approving this so - called reform .
April 19 , 2007 , 4:01 pm
I have no problem if someone wants to compete out there in the free market producing fuel from corn or switchgrass or whatever .
But we have got to stop the subsidies right now , before it is too late .
Biofuels do absolutely nothing , zero , zippo to change CO2 production , and some studies show they make CO2 output worse when you consider the whole production cycle .
This is not to mention the effect biofuels will have in putting more wild and forest land under the till .
I can't see any conceivable benefit to the economy from subsidizing biofuels , except some hazy notion of energy independence which has limited economic value and which will never be achieved with biofuels ( we will have jacked up the price of corn so high we can't feed cattle long before biofuels make even a minor dent in oil imports ) .
My only guess as to true motivation is that people want to spite Exxon and Shell , but if you do n't like those companies , you really are n't going to like Archer Daniels Midland .
Biofuels , given current technology , are a pure product of politics .
They are a massive subsidy of Midwestern farmers that the recipients can claim is not really a subsidy .
If the first presidential primary were in Nevada rather than Iowa , you would never hear a word from politicians about ethanol .
But here is the reason we need to end the subsidies right now .
[ emphasis added ]
A $ 400 - million integrated biodiesel and ethanol refinery the first
complex of its kind in North America will be built in central Alberta .
Led
by Dominion Energy Services , LLC a Florida - based group with pioneering
ties to Calgary 's natural gas marketing sector investors that include
$ 45 - billion US private equity fund The Carlyle Group LLC and affiliate
Riverstone Renewable Energy Infrastructure Fund I , LP said Monday they
have finalized plans for the facility ....
Alberta Agriculture Minister Doug Horner noted the " world - class "
Dominion plant follows the provincial government 's recent , $ 239 - million
over five years initiative to boost biofuels production .
The province
will provide a 14 - cent per litre production credit to the facility .
[ for those rusty on the metric system , that is 56 - cents per gallon or $ 23.53 per barrel ]
Companies are currently building massive subsidy - magnets biofuel plants .
Once these investments are in place , there is going to be a huge entrenched base of investors and workers who are going to wield every bit of political power they can to retain subsidies forever to protect their jobs and their investment .
Biofuel subsidies will be as intractable as peanut and sugar subsidies and protections .
Update : Radley Balko mentions another great example .
For various post - prohibition reasons that may or may not have made sense at the time , state laws prohibit retailers from buying alcoholic beverages straight from the manufacturer - e.g. Costco cannot buy direct from Anheiser - Busch .
Wholesalers who emerged to fill the legally required middleman role became rich .
Since then , even thought this 3 - layered distribution requirement makes zero sense , it has become impossible to change it because the wealthy distributors who owe their fortunes to the requirement block every move to deregulate .
It was once the preserve of teenagers , the tipple of bus stops , a route to quick , cheap drunkenness that tasted sweetly of apples .
It was the flavour of your first hangover , the scent of your first kiss .
And if you run through those names today , they seem like stations on a train journey back to your youth : Diamond White , Strongbow , White Lightning , Blackthorn .
Now cider has been Eliza Doolittled : rebranded , remodelled and made respectable .
No longer swigged lukewarm from cans , it comes in glass bottles and is served over ice , while the emphasis is placed maturely upon the apple flavour , not cider 's ability to get drinkers inebriated at pace .
Some 970 m pints of cider were consumed in Britain last year , with sales in bars and nightclubs rising by 36 % ; Asda alone saw a 1,000 % increase in cider sales over Christmas .
And while the market leader remains Strongbow , at the heart of the great cider revival sits Magners , the UK incarnation of the Irish brand Bulmers , and the fastest - growing cider brand , which enjoyed a 225 % increase in sales last year .
The transformation of British cider - drinking began quietly in Glasgow in 2003 .
An established brand in Ireland since the 1930s , Bulmers noted that the British cider market had devolved , in the words of its marketing director , Maurice Breen , " into a battle between two major brands , who had been in a fight to reach the lowest price .
I first tried cider when I was 18 .
It was probably Woodpecker .
And then I did n't touch it for another 20 years .
We felt we had to shake up people 's preconceptions , that it was OK to drink cider . "
The company decided to try out a premium version of the drink in Scotland , and then in London and the rest of the UK , principally targeting male and female beer - drinkers of all ages .
" It 's a pretty clever plan , " says Adam Withrington , drinks editor of the Publican , " but my greatest belief is it 's just luck , like when people go surfing and they hit a riptide . "
Magners did much to bolster its luck , however , embarking upon a £ 20 m marketing campaign that encompassed television and radio , bus stops , railway stations , and affiliated the brand with both golf and rugby by sponsoring the London Wasps , the Edinburgh Rugby team and now the Magners League .
This summer , Magners will align itself with the arts , sponsoring maps and signs at the Edinburgh Fringe .
While some make a big kerfuffle over a new clutch of " celebrity cider drinkers " from Lily Allen to the Arctic Monkeys , Magners ' success is undoubtedly more attributable to the brand 's omnipresence .
" They were creating an amazing noise , unlike anything I 've ever seen before , " says Withrington .
The key development in the cider renaissance is the introduction of ice , to both chill and dilute the product .
" Ice was all Magners , " says Withrington .
" The only time I 'd ever heard of it before was in Withnail and I . " Bulmers '
Breen argues that the ice complements the fresh juice in the product .
It is , however , in keeping with the increasing demand for drinks served extra-cold ; indeed , following on from Extra Cold Guinness and Carling , Bulmers has just launched an extra-cold draught cider in Ireland .
" Coke and Britvic are also calling for more ice in soft drinks , " says Withrington , " and Diageo are saying that spirits should be served with more ice .
There 's an element of quality about it . "
That cider should ever come to be associated with the word " quality " is perhaps the most baffling element in the revival of a drink once known affectionately as " tramp juice " , yet it is just one in a number of previously socially unacceptable beverages to be rehabilitated - cider 's renaissance has , for example , arrived hand - in - hand with the recent rosé revival , while sherry , once the taste of suburban Sunday afternoons , has been recast as a sophisticated drink .
Next up , apparently , is perry , or pear cider .
Withrington cites Brothers , sold at a number of music festivals last summer , and a Swedish pear cider called Kopparberg : " There 's an unbelievable amount of noise about it , no marketing as yet , but it 's staggering - it 's already listed by eight pub companies as a drink they plan to stock . "
Great things are anticipated for pear cider " because pear is a bit sweeter than apple , and people expect it will be easier to drink for women .
That 's the goal for everyone , to find a drink for women . "
Does this mean , perhaps , a revival for Babycham ?
" The problem with perry , " says Iain Loe of Camra , which publishes a Good Cider Guide , " is that it should be made from perry pears ; a perry pear tree will take 30 years to mature , and a lot were grubbed up in agricultural reforms . "
There have been several repercussions from the success of Magners .
One has been the bristling of the UK's major brewer , Scottish & Newcastle .
In 2005 the company brought out Strongbow Sirrus in response to Magners .
However , the brand failed to establish itself as a premium cider - tainted , perhaps , by its association with the original Strongbow .
Undaunted , in 2006 Scottish & Newcastle reintroduced one of its old brands , Bulmers Original ( confusingly , Bulmers in the UK has nothing to do with Bulmers in Ireland ) .
" Bulmers Original looks the same [ as Magners ] and is served the same way , but it is cheaper , " says Withrington .
" It has an extremely aggressive marketing campaign and it is targeting Magners , and they will not rest until they get them .
Scottish and Newcastle is stopping all their pubs stocking Magners .
You 'd expect more from the top brewer . "
There is , you might argue , a point of historical principle : Strongbow is named after the Anglo - Norman knight Richard de Clare , nicknamed " Strongbow " because he relied heavily on his formidable archers during his wars in Ireland .
But while the big brewers scuffle over market domination , the flourishing interest in cider has also meant a boost for traditional cider makers .
" Magners have obviously done a very good marketing job , but I would n't say it has a great deal of flavour to it , " says Loe .
" There are dozens and dozens of traditional cider makers , and the people who drink this are the same sort of people who would drink real ale . "
Current regulations stipulate that if you produce less than 70 hectolitres of cider you do n't have to pay excise duty , so many do not have ambitions to expand their cider production .
" For many producers it 's often just diversification on a farm , " says Loe .
" A lot of farms that make cider also make cheese , which is why cider complements cheese so well . "
Loe recommends three examples of quality British ciders : Thatchers ( " They are based in Somerset , and have been producing traditionally for over 100 years .
It does taste of apples ! " ) ; Biddendens in Kent ( " They started as a vineyard in 1969 and diversified into cider in ' 78 " ) ; and Gwatkins ( " Cider from Herefordshire .
They were formed in 1991 , and now produce 15,000 gallons a year .
They have won Camra 's national championship twice . " )
Reassuringly , for all the soaring success of premium and traditional ciders , cheap ugly cider looks set to remain a rite of passage for British teenagers : three out of five pints of cider bought in Britain are still Strongbow , with sales up 17 % last year .
The nation 's bus stops , it seems , will be preserved from respectability for the foreseeable future .
Sponsored Links
In this mini -guide to social bookmarking I take a look at what makes social bookmarking a unique and effective way to source information and find sites that are likely to be of interest to you , whether personally or as an independent publisher in your own right .
I compare the key services currently out there making social bookmarking something that anyone can leverage in their navigation of the web .
As an example , should you wish to find some great content on the subject of ' ' online collaboration ' ' you could tap this term into a social bookmarking search , and would then be given all of the latest pages tagged under this term by hundreds of thousands of users across the web .
You are tapping directly into the web browsing experience of other people , and people more than likely sharing interests with you , rather than relying on a machine to pick out keywords from online fields of text .
Social bookmarking services make this possible , giving users the opportunity to quickly and easily '' tag ' ' web pages , effectively bookmarking them as they would for themselves , but sharing them through centralized services , and leaving useful annotations and notes for other users to come across .
As sites are tagged , over time vast collections of these user generated tags are gathered together , and can then be searched by anyone making use of the social bookmarking services .
Social bookmarking brings to the equation something that search engines can't compete with - the human touch .
Just as the internet has millions of pages , so it also has millions of users , and if even a fraction of those users share the sites they 've found interesting , useful or just plain bizarre with each other , there is suddenly a vast resource for anyone searching the web to tap into .
Search engines , however , are not always the best of even the most efficient way of finding great online content .
Anyone that has ever waded through page after page of Google results hoping that they have hit on that elusive keyword can vouch for that .
The web is vast .
Far too vast for anyone to have a hope of negotiating by themselves .
When you start to look for information online , very often the first place you turn to are the search engines to bring home web pages that will fit what you 're looking for .
Social bookmarking has been one of Web 2.0's success stories , tapping into the social dimension of the evolving internet , the power of online collaboration and the wisdom of crowds .
The Wisdom of Crowds - Folksonomy vs Taxonomy
Traditional publishing and mass media have always been based on a top - down , one - to - many transmission model that permeated the first wave of the web - identity , branding and the static homepage dominated , and community and social networks ticked along nicely behind the scenes .
The second major phase of the web has been almost exclusively focused on the social dimension of digital media - the importance of two - way communication , user generated content and an emphasis on sharing and online collaboration .
Social bookmarking continues to be one of the driving forces of this evolving web , and as we forge ahead towards the semantic web ( otherwise dubbed Web 3.0 ) it will continue to play an important role and prove an invaluable resource for independent publishers , businesses and even casual web surfers .
Social bookmarking is all about labeling the web , making it easier to find the content that you 're looking for by passing on what you 've found .
The labels applied to web sites are commonly known as tags , and over time a kind of taxonomy grows , whereby persistent tags help information to be aggregated and mined for information .
Where a taxonomy was , however , the product of specialists carefully categorizing items within their area of specialism , social bookmarking produces instead what has been termed a folksonomy .
A taxonomy makes claims to objectivity - it is the work of an expert scientifically cataloging the world around him .
Taxonomies grew out of the natural history tradition in the sciences , and as such are imposed from above , as a top - down means of categorization .
Folksonomy - the power behind social bookmarking on the other hand is user - generated , social , subjective and powered by the very people involved in the act of tagging .
A simple but powerful form of online collaboration , folksonomies supply information from the bottom up .
Real people share their real interests , and pass them along .
And while taxonomies have to go through rigorous and often long winded protocols before they see the light of day , folksonomies are produced on the fly , enabling them to adapt to the fast - paced , ever - changing nature of web culture .
Think of the difference between the words that make it into the dictionary , after a five year wait , to the emergent words and phrases used every day on the street .
Social bookmarking produces up - to - the - minute information sources loaded with personal investment and value .
Photo credit : Jpwain
So how can you tap into this rich wealth of hand - selected content ?
In this mini -guide to the social bookmarking landscape , I take you through the key services in the field and highlight how these rich source of online collaboration can make a difference to the way you use the web .
Social Bookmarking Services
There are no shortage of social bookmarking services available , and the landscape continues to expand to the point of being crowded .
Your choice of social bookmarking site will to some extent come down to a matter of taste , but it 's worth spending a bit of time weighing up the features of one service over another for your particular needs .
In the following comparison of some of the key services out there , I look at the differences between the social bookmarking sites , what makes each unique , and how each holds up against the other .
We begin with the best known , and perhaps most popular social bookmarking network del.icio.us before moving off into fresh pastures and less familiar territory .
Del.icio.us
URL : http://del.icio.us
Overview : del.ici.ous is perhaps the most well known and heavily subscribed social bookmarking service , and the sheer number of people contributing to its extensive folksonomy makes it a powerful tool for anyone looking to tap into social bookmarking .
Bookmarking system : del.icio.us uses tags which users apply to websites by clicking on a button that they install into their browser when they sign up .
Every time a user wants to tag a site , they click on their del.icio.us button , and the site is added to their personal list and the del.icio.us library .
By using common tags it is therefore possible to make tagged pages easily recoverable by other users .
Recipes might be tagged by their ingredients , for example , or presentations by their content type .
What sets it apart :
del.icio.us has the kind of popularity that other social bookmarking sites dream of , which makes it a vast resource with an almost infinite amount of tagged pages to access
It 's much imitated browser embedded button makes tagging sites a very quick and painless exercise .
Tagging a page is as simple as clicking a button .
Being able to set up RSS feeds for any tag makes the aggregation of social bookmarks very easy
Sign Up to del.icio.us .
Stumble Upon
URL : http://www.stumbleupon.com/
Overview : Stumble Upon 's enormous popularity might be credited to its innovative - yet entirely familiar - approach to social bookmarking .
The principle behind Stumble Upon is giving its users the chance to '' channel surf the internet ' ' , which is to say it brings a powerful element of the ( seemingly ) random to the experience of discovering new sites , serving up sites just as a TV viewer might flick through TV channels .
Behind this seemingly , refreshingly random selection however is a powerful system that taps directly into your responses to previously served content .
The more you use Stumble Upon , the smarter it becomes to your tastes .
Bookmarking system :
When you sign up to Stumble Upon you will be asked which categories of websites you are interesting in being served .
After this , you will have a del.icio.us style button added to your browser .
When you click the button it will take you to a recommended site based on your preferences .
Here you can either click on a thumbs up icon to tell it you like the site , and save it to your collection , or a thumbs down icon to suggest that this was a poor selection .
A number of other features in the same toolbar at the top of your browser add to this simple premise , so that it is possible to read reviews and comments on the page you are visiting by clicking a speech bubble icon , search by tags from within your toolbar , share your page with a friend , check out your friends latest recommendations and even access a small menu to further customize your Stumble Upon experience .
What sets it apart :
Stumble Upon brings an exciting element of the ( seemingly ) random to your browsing experience , but retains all of the features of a traditional del.icio.us style social bookmarking service
The Stumble Upon toolbar is really extensive , allowing you to find and rate bookmarks in a number of different ways without having to go to the Stumble Upon homepage
Stumble Upon learns and adapts to your tastes over time , bringing you fresh recommendations you are more likely to be interested in without having to search for yourself
Sign Up to Stumble Upon .
Blue Dot
URL : http://bluedot.us/
Overview : Blue
Dot adds full review of the service last month .
Bookmarking system : Much like del.icio.us , Blue
Dot adds a simple button to your browser 's tool bar that allows you to ' Dot This ' website , which in turn opens up a dialogue box in your browser window .
You can now choose any image from the page as a thumbnail and add any notes and tags before choosing to share your record with a selected group , or the whole world .
What sets it apart :
Blue
Dot makes social bookmarking personal , making it a great tool for online collaboration , where a team might want to share private thoughts with one another about web content , rather than with the whole world
The ability to capture images from the site which serve as a thumbnail for your bookmark entry adds a visual dimension to the bookmarking experience
Bookmarks can be shared with single individuals , groups and sub - groups , or the whole world , which offers a granular dimension to networked sharing .
Sign Up to Blue Dot
Magnolia
URL : http://ma.gnolia.com/
Overview : Ma.gnolia focuses on online groups and the community aspect of social bookmarking , with groups focused on areas of interest sharing bookmarks with one another and the casual browser alike .
Making use of a 5 - star rating system , the possibility of storing private or public bookmarks and a nice feature that saves web pages so that they will always be accessible even if the site expires , Ma.gnolia has an impressive feature set and very nice design that will appeal to the visually orientated .
Bookmarking system : Ma.gnolia makes use of both browser based buttons ( also known as bookmarklets ) in the same style as del.icio.us , and different ways to bookmark from within the Ma.gnolia community .
As Ma.gnolia is very community based , a lot of the bookmarking activity goes on via their website , in the personal exchange of bookmarks between group members .
From the site it is possible to add bookmarks via a bookmarking widget , a simple menu option , or the browser based bookmarklets , which can also be used off - site .
What sets it apart :
Ma.gnolia is perhaps the most attractively designed of the social bookmarking services
It 's emphasis on group formation and community based on interests will make it an appealing bookmarking option for those seeking to personalize the experience of bookmark trading , where many other services work on an anonymous basis
The ability to add quick , off - the - cuff star ratings of websites is a nice way of quickly categorizing content in a universally understandable way
Sign Up to Ma.gnolia
Digg
URL : http://digg.com/
Overview : Digg is up there with del.icio.us in terms of popularity .
Centered very much on its community of contributors and its web site , Digg brings a democratic element to social bookmarking .
When a user " Diggs " , or bookmarks , a web page or news story it is submitted to the Digg service , where users can choose to " Digg it " , effectively casting a vote in its favour .
The more " Diggs " a site receives , the more coverage a story or web page get , with the cream of the crop brought to the site 's front page .
Bookmarking system :
When a user wishes to " digg " web content , they simply enter the URL of their chosen site from their Digg user page , along with any notes , and await response from the Digg community .
It is also possible to Digg sites that have added a " Digg this " widget , which is very popular with bloggers .
What sets it apart :
Digg 's focus on voting for submitted bookmarks brings a democratic process to the filtering of information
It 's emphasis on up - to - the - minute stories makes it a great place to submit and access news items and information ' hot off the press '
Like del.icio.us the sheer size of Digg 's user base makes it a valuable source of information
Sign Up to Digg
Simpy
URL : http://www.simpy.com/
Overview : Simpy brings the power of the search engine to social bookmarking , with the ability to fully search within the text of bookmark notes and pages content .
It also makes it easy to both upload your existing browser - based bookmarks , and even sync with the del.icio.us service for the best of both worlds , along with the ability to publish your bookmarks to your blog using RSS .
Bookmarking system : Simpy offers a range of browser - based bookmarklets that make it very easy to add bookmarks with a simple click , add a Simpy search bar , a note making tool , a button that shows the history of a visited page and a note search tool .
This extensive range of tools make it easy not only to bookmark , but to search within bookmarked pages and the notes that have been attached to them .
What sets it apart :
Simpy 's emphasis on being able to search within bookmarked pages text ( rather than just metadata ) make it a great tool for those engaged in research , whether professional or personal
It 's browser based tool set is extensive and offers a lot more options than some of the other services , especially in terms of being able to run searches on the fly
Simpy offers a range of great web widgets aimed directly at bloggers , giving them the chance to place an attractive search box for their Simpy bookmarks ( or for all Simpy bookmarks ) along with other useful tools for social bookmarking bloggers .
Sign Up to Simpy
BlogMarks
URL : http://blogmarks.net/
Overview : Blogmarks puts its focus on easily integrating your bookmarks with your blog , via their '' BlogSync ' ' interface .
This feature aside , it offers the ability to make selected bookmarks private , and for bookmarks to be organized by tag , in addition to being able to import and export bookmarks to del.icio.us
Bookmarking system : Blogmarks allows users to use either a pop-up bookmarklet , where they can submit tags and details of the page visited there and then , or a simple button bookmarklet that transports them to their Blogmarks user page with the vast majority of fields pre-filled in .
What sets it apart :
The BlogSync interface makes integration with blogs easy
It is possible to export and back up your bookmarks and sync with del.icio.us
BlogSync otherwise offers a fairly standard set of features that do it little favours in a crowded and competitive marketplace
Sign Up to Blogmarks
Reddit
URL : http://reddit.com/
Overview : Reddit is a news sharing focused site , not entirely dissimilar to it's more popular sibling Digg .
Like Digg , users submit their bookmarked content via the site rather than using a bookmarklet , and it is then voted for or against by users , moving it up or down the ratings .
Like Stumble Upon , Reddit also makes efforts to learn your tastes the more you use it , making personal recommendations of linked bookmarks based on your previous responses to content served up to you .
Bookmarking system : Reddit can either be submitted to via their web site , or using one of the Reddit widgets featured on some blogs and web sites .
Bookmarks are then voted for or against by users , and Reddit notes their tastes for future recommendations .
What sets it apart :
Reddit 's combination of Digg 's democratic , vote - based system and Stumble Upon 's personalized , taste - based system makes for a refreshing hybrid
Reddit features a NSFW ( not safe for work ) adult section of its service , which will appeal to some as another filter on the nature of the content they are searching for
Reddit operates a karma system that places emphasis on community involvement , so will appeal to those drawn to the social dimension of social bookmarking
Sign Up to Reddit
Furl
URL : http://www.furl.net
Overview : Furl is a free service that saves a personal copy of any page you find on the Web , and lets you find it again instantly by searching your archive of pages .
In addition to letting you find other people 's saved websites , Furl recommends new web pages that might interest you .
Bookmarking system : Furl allows you to add your bookmarked page either from their website , or using their browser tool bar or bookmarklet options .
Pages are saved in your personal archive , and based on your activity on the Furl site , recommendations on sites that may be of interest are served up .
It is possible to search for and within other users Furl archives
What sets it apart :
Furl 's archiving of web pages , along with searchable notes makes for an interesting and well thought through approach that makes going back to that elusive page you visited earlier that day quick and easy
Furl features an extensive range of import and export features for your bookmarks , so that browser based bookmarks can be brought in and out , as can del.icio.us , and academic citations can be exported , as well as XML and even zip files of bookmark collections
Furl allows you to take clippings of a page when you save it , which can be used as a summary of the page for quick recognition of what the bookmark is at a later date
Sign Up to Furl
Blinklist
URL : http://www.blinklist.com
Overview : Blinklist is another social bookmarking site working very much on the del.icio.us model of sharing .
It 's website suggests a number of ways that it might be useful to teachers , offering the ability to make lists of resources called BlinkLists , and setting up shared spaces that can be used for entire classes to access and share bookmarks .
As such it would seem a wise choice of social bookmarking tool for those working in the education sector , but is n't limited to this userbase .
Bookmarking system : Like many of the other social bookmarking services , Blinklist adds a bookmarklet button to your web browser , which can be used to bookmark web pages with a single click , bringing up a contextual menu that allows note taking , tagging and privacy options .
Bookmarks can be added to group spaces , made into lists and shared with the wider Blinklist community .
What sets it apart :
Blinklist 's targeting of teachers and educators makes it an obvious choice for this group
The ability to make useful Blinklists could prove useful in this sector , and for anyone else that wants to systematically group web pages according to a particular scheme
The ability to set up BlinkSpaces for classroom use will make it an appealing prospect for those working in large groups or with classes of students
Sign Up to Blinklists .
Spurl
URL : http://www.spurl.net/
Overview : Spurl offers a similar feature set to its competitors in the social bookmarking field , with the added bonus of supporting a much wider range of browsers , including Safari on the mac platform , which several services exclude .
Spurl will archive pages visited , export lists of bookmarks for blog syndication , and allow you extensive search options within bookmarks and bookmarked pages .
It 's heavily featured ' Spurl Bar ' ( see below ) makes Spurl a good option for advanced social bookmarking users .
Bookmarking system : Spurl 's bookmarking system makes use of the ' Spurl Bar ' , which sits on the left hand side of your browser much like Firefox 's browsing history panel .
This offers an extensive feature set with five tabs that give you access to recommendations , personal bookmarks , recent and popular bookmarks and your most used bookmarks ( rather like the most played tunes on iTunes ) .
What sets it apart :
Spurl 's advanced ' spurl bar ' browser plug - in will run on almost any browser
The Spurl Bar offers an extensive feature set suited to advanced social bookmarkers
Spurl archives your bookmarked pages for later viewing
Sign Up to Spurl
delirious
URL : http://de.lirio.us
Overview : de.lirio.us ' resemblance to del.icio.us is more than just one of name , and its feature set is a familiar one offering tagging , storage and sharing of social bookmarks .
What makes de.lirio.us interesting is the fact that it is based on an open - source project licensed under the GNU General Public License .
This means you can host it on your own web server for free , whether it is on the Internet , a private network or just your own computer .
Social bookmarking for geeks , then .
While this wo n't appeal to the majority of casual social bookmarkers , it does offer an interesting prospect for those hoping to incorporate social bookmarking into an intranet or local network for instance .
Bookmarking system : Bookmarks can be imported from your browser or del.icio.us , and the familiar bookmarklet adds your bookmarks directly from the browser .
de.lirio.us ' interface is a very simple , minimalist one .
Bookmarks can also be entered manually from within your account on the del.irio.us homepage , and can then be shared with other users .
What sets it apart :
Primarily the main appeal of de.lirio.us is the fact that is open source and available for installation on private servers or networks
It 's very simple interface and feature set may appeal to those uninterested in the latest gimmicks
It 's almost complete lack of attention to interface design may appeal to those who ... do n't like good interface design
Sign Up to de.lirio.us
Linkroll
URL : http://www.linkroll.com
Overview : Linkroll allows you the usual means to bookmark , comment on and categorize your social bookmarks , with the added features of being able to blog your bookmarks , and access all bookmarks via RSS ( for your aggregator ) or JavaScript ( for syndication to your website ) .
Linkroll has recently added a new feature that allows you to create personal podcast channels so that you can add links to media files in your Linkroll posts .
Bookmarking system : Linkrolls uses the standard bookmarklet system of tagging pages .
In addition , users can subscribe to bookmark categories , which will be constantly updated and can be accessed via RSS aggregation .
What sets it apart :
The ability to set up media links within bookmarks is a nice feature
JavaScript syndication makes it very easy to get your bookmarks onto your website with a minimum of fuss
Linkroll 's basis in blogging will appeal to some
Sign Up to Linkroll
Shadows
URL : http://www.shadows.com/
Overview :
In addition to the usual features of bookmarklet based social bookmarking , an online community , group formation and tagging Shadows adds an interesting dimension - the shadow page .
Shadow pages can be accessed by anyone using the Shadows toolbar with the click of a button , and serve as a kind of back channel for a web page , so that shadows users can see all of the notes and metadata left behind by other users for the page in its shadow form .
This is an inventive idea that sets Shadows apart from the pack .
Bookmarking system :
The Shadows toolbar allows users to quickly add bookmarks to their collection using the bookmarklet format , and also to access the previously mentioned ' shadow page ' of any website .
What sets it apart :
Without a doubt Shadows most interesting feature is that of the shadow page - a collection of metadata and users thoughts on comments on any given page on the web
Shadows is otherwise well presented and has all of the features you would expect from a top - drawer social bookmarking site
Shadow communities quickly form around web sites of niche content , via the shadow pages , bringing a strong element of online collaboration and group discussion to the service
Sign Up to Shadows
Yahoo MyWeb
URL : http://myweb.yahoo.com/
Overview : Recently relaunched , Yahoo's effort at social bookmarking offers the usual functionality embedded in a good looking interface , integration with Yahoo's other services , and an emphasis on the social dimension of social bookmarking , making it easy to find friends with similar interests , so that every tag is closely connected to the user profile of the person that made it .
Bookmarking system : Bookmarking takes place via the Yahoo Toolbar , which integrates several of Yahoo's other services .
Bookmarks can also be imported from your browser and Yahoo ! bookmarks .
What sets it apart :
Yahoo MyWeb will appeal to those who already subscribe to other Yahoo services , as they can login using their existing Yahoo account
As such , the service is well integrated with Yahoo's other services , such as their Toolbar and avatars .
MyWeb also makes it very easy to find and connect with people through their choice of tags , foregrounding the social networking element of social bookmarking
Sign Up for a Yahoo ID .
Users with an existing Yahoo ID can sign in from the MyWeb front - page .
In conclusion
The social bookmarking site or sites of most interest to you will depend largely on how you plan to use them , and your personal tastes in their presentation and bookmarking styles .
As Web 2.0 evolves into the semantic web , social bookmarking leads the way in bringing us closer to a meaningful and personal search experience , wrought through unobtrusive online collaboration and the simple sharing of opinions and information that has been with us since the dawn of civilization .
The wisdom of crowds is proving its worth on a daily basis as information pooling and online collaboration replace the old order of information being handed down from above .
As the web is transformed by its millions of users , each drop in the ocean of social bookmarking adds to the ease with which others can navigate their path through the wider ocean of content .
Make your mark , and add to the ease with which everyday people access information .
Photo credit : Duard van der Westhuizen
Additional Resources
If you 're keen to find out even more about social bookmarking , and the wider field in which it exists , read on at these other websites :
Michael Pick -
KHARTOUM , Sudan ( CNN ) -- A Sudanese court found a British teacher guilty of insulting religion and sentenced her to 15 days in prison Thursday for allowing a teddy bear to be named " Mohammed , " British authorities and her lawyer reported .
An undated amateur photo of Gillian Gibbons , who has been found guilty of insulting religion .
Gillian Gibbons also faces deportation from Sudan after her prison term , her lawyer told CNN .
He said that he was " very disappointed " with the verdict and that Gibbons planned to appeal .
Gibbons was not convicted of two other charges brought against her -- inciting hatred and showing contempt for religious beliefs , her lawyer said .
Gibbons , 54 , was arrested Sunday after she asked her class of 7 - year - olds in Khartoum to name the stuffed animal as part of a school project , the British Foreign Office said .
She had faced charges under Article 125 of Sudan 's constitution , the law relating to insulting religion and inciting hatred .
Although there is no ban in the Quran on images of Allah or the Prophet Mohammed , Islam 's founder , likenesses are considered highly offensive by Muslims .
Watch latest developments in the case . »
Appearing somber and dazed , Gibbons arrived at the central courthouse in Khartoum for her closed hearing early Thursday .
A staff member from the British Embassy in Khartoum and defense lawyers attended the hearing with her .
Do n't Miss
Teacher charged in teddy bear case
Teacher charged in teddy bear case Bid to stop whipping
Bid to stop whipping TIME.com :
The blasphemous teddy bear
The blasphemous teddy bear Web site : Unity High School
The courthouse was heavily guarded by police , who kept journalists -- and , for a while , even one of her attorneys -- away .
Gibbons could have faced a sentence of 40 lashes , a fine , or a jail term of up to a year , according to the Foreign Office , which expressed Britain 's dissatisfaction with the verdict .
" We are extremely disappointed that the charges against Gillian Gibbons were not dismissed , " Foreign Secretary David Miliband said in a statement issued shortly after the verdict was announced .
" As I said this morning , our clear view is that this is an innocent misunderstanding by a dedicated teacher .
Our priority now is to ensure Ms. Gibbons ' welfare , and we will continue to provide consular assistance to her .
I have called in the Sudanese ambassador , Omer Siddig , this evening to explain the decision and discuss next steps . "
Watch a report on reactions to the verdict »
The Foreign Office said Gibbons would be given credit for the four days since her arrest , meaning that the she has 11 days remaining on her sentence .
Earlier , Miliband had met with Siddig , who was summoned to the Foreign Office in London .
" I explained to him that we were very concerned by the case .
We believe that this was an innocent misunderstanding , " Miliband said in a statement released Thursday after the meeting .
" The Sudanese ambassador undertook to ensure our concerns were relayed to Khartoum at the highest level .
He also said he would reflect back to Khartoum the real respect for the Islamic religion in this country , " the statement added .
On the first floor of the courthouse , around 25 police linked arms and forced journalists and British officials away from the court entrance .
Police detained some journalists , and confiscated a camera belonging to a freelance CNN cameraman .
Four vans filled with riot police were waiting outside the courthouse , but there were no signs of street disturbances or protests .
Staff from Gibbons ' school , including Robert Boulos , the head of Unity High School , were present .
The staff members refused to comment on their colleague 's predicament .
On Wednesday , Boulos said he was " horrified " when he found out that the complaint about the naming of the bear came from a member of his own staff -- not from a parent , as originally thought .
Defense counsel later confirmed that the complaint came from Sarah Khawad , a secretary at the school .
Gibbons has been working at the school -- popular with wealthy Sudanese and expatriates -- since August , after leaving her position as deputy head teacher at a primary school in Liverpool , England , this summer , Boulos said .
He said Gibbons asked the children to pick their favorite name for the new class mascot , which she was using to aid lessons about animals and their habitats .
E-mail to a friend
Journalist Andrew Heavens contributed to this report .
Copyright 2007 CNN .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .
Associated Press contributed to this report .
All About Sudan
Apple faces yet more flack from the Mac faithful over the discovery that the operating system wo n't run the latest version of Java .
It 's one of several beefs relating to the OS X upgrade that is sparking vitriol among the normally docile crowd .
Leopard may have 300 new features , but it is unable to run Java 1.6 , even though that same version is available for both Windows and Linux .
That has taken some Mac users by surprise , including some on this user forum on Apple 's website .
Several users there say 1.6 is so central to the development work they do on a daily basis that they will be forced to use an OS other than Leopard if it remains incompatible .
" This is a show stopper for me , and I will have to revert to 10.4 , since my job as a software engineer for Sun requires Java 6 -- this will likely prevent a lot of people from upgrading , and there 's a well represented Mac userbase at Sun , " a user going by the name buckmelter wrote .
10.4 is a reference to Tiger , the OS X predecessor to Leopard .
In the same forum , there are claims Apple has pulled a beta version of Java 1.6 that had been available for Tiger .
If true , that would mean the latest version of Java , which has been available for about a year , may not be available at all for Mac users .
That 's a big deal for some people .
For one , version 1.6 included bug fixes and new functionality .
And secondly , Java apps and applets developed using 1.6 wo n't run on Leopard , and possibly may not work even if a user reverts to Tiger .
That would be a real slap in the face for developers who rely on their Mac to get work done .
Apple PR representatives have yet to respond to emails we sent them almost 24 hours ago requesting comment for this story .
Over the past few days , people moderating the company 's support forum have deleted several threads related to users ' inability to run Java 1.6 on Leopard .
Apple marketing monkeys , trying to woo developers to OS X , like to refer to the OS as " the only major consumer operating system that comes complete with a fully configured and ready - to - use Java runtime and development environment . "
Alas , good rapport with developers requires more than good slogans .
Developers do n't like surprises and they do n't like to be kept in the dark .
So far , there are no official communications regarding Apple 's commitment to the latest Java virtual machine .
In addition to a predilection for secrecy , Apple is famous for exercising near absolute control over the Mac ecosystem .
That extends to development of Java - related technologies , according to this post written two weeks ago by Java creator James Gosling .
" Lots of folks ask ' why does n't sun just do the JDK for Mac ? ' " he writes .
" The real answer is ' because Apple wanted to do it ' .
They 've wanted to do all sorts of customization and integration that only they could do - because they own the OS . "
In the same posing he writes : " Apple 's JDK support is a part of my problem , and yes , I have their JDK6 from the ADC .
It 's hard to tell what the fundamental issue is , but it keeps feeling like the big problem is that developers are n't the ' Target Demographic ' :-)
iPods are nice , but they 're not the defining center of my life .... "
The revolt comes as other fanboys complain they get a blue screen of death when they try to install Leopard .
Apple says here that many of the installation problems are the result of " third - party ' enhancement ' software " installed on the machines that 's not compatible with Leopard .
The software in many cases turns out to be Application Enhancer , made by a company called Unsanity .
But other Mac users posting on private blogs and Apple 's support forum say they 're getting the BSOD even though they do n't have Unsanity programs installed .
Incompatibilities with DIVX Application Support and Tiger 's RAID system may also be at play . ®
My Grand Pops used to furrow his brow , look me in the eye , and ask , “ What ’s the ding - dang - deelio ? ”
That was when I knew the lies were up .
There was no more fudging the truth .
There was no more putting the blame elsewhere .
I could n’t drag my brother into this .
There was no more shrugging of the shoulders .
“ I dunno nuthin ! ’ ” was n’t going to cut it .
It was me and the terse and tense question that hung in the air like a rain shower ready to let go the thunder and lightning and a torrential downpour .
I needed to fess up or be shown to be an out and out liar .
Those were my choices .
The jig was now up .
The lie was so obvious I could not utter it without feeling horrific .
I had to tell the truth .
Grand Pops is dead now , gone many years in fact .
But the ding - dang - deelio comes back into my mind every so often .
I am reminded of it when I see someone so blatantly full of horse manure that I want to stare them down , look them in the eye , and ask the question my salty old Grand Pops pinned me with so many times growing up .
“ What ’s the ding - dang - deelio ? ”
Sometimes he poked an accusatory finger in my little boy ’s chest and it hurt .
These days , I want to grab the suits responsible for putting on the entertainment sections of the major TV media - casts – what they now refer to as “ the news ” – and ask the same thing .
“ What ’s the ding - dang - deelio ? ”
There is a ding - dang - deelio going on alright , right in front of our American noses , and we are haplessly shrugging our shoulders as if it were acceptable .
And nobody is pinning the networks to the question .
Or more accurately , those that are trying are still marginalized by the elite who control the networks .
The eye is n’t fierce enough .
The stare is n’t acute enough .
There is n’t my Grand Pops ’ awful - honest and wise visage backing up the eye with folded arms .
There are no ramifications adding weight to the glare .
So far , the networks are allowed to shrug their shoulders , blame others , and wiggle around the question .
“ What ’s the ding - dang - deelio ? ”
Wolf Blitzer -
“ We are here in the situation room and we have done nothing wrong . ”
Sean Hannity - “ It ’s THEM !
They did it !
Them !
They ’re spamming everything ! ”
Chris Mathews -
“ They want to play hardball ?
I ’ll play hardball !
I ’ll be the pitcher !
Catch this ! ”
Has it all become such a game ?
One of the side effects of the unusual run of Ron Paul for President is that the fix is now so obvious , it is painful to watch .
When Gravel and Dennis Kucinich slowly started to be exed out of the Democratic equation , there was a murmur and a ripple of understanding .
People knew the media was pulling the plug on these two , and some people complained .
But it was explainable and had wiggle room .
The support was solid but it was not large enough or deep enough .
The media could shrug their collective shoulders and say , “ sorry fellas , but we need to move on ” .
With Ron Paul it is different .
Why ?
The inescapable fact that he is backed by a solid and broad base .
The inescapable fact that he has the money to fight a good fight .
The inescapable fact that the numbers for him are out there in America ; the signs are all over– and I mean real signs , printed in ink and displayed on lawns and rooftops and everywhere in - between ; the meet - up groups have formed ; the grassroots appeal is “ a fire on the prairie ” to steal someone ’s line .
Ron Paul is a phenomenon .
His elect - ability is now definitely debatable , definitely news worthy , and definitely well within the thick of the likes of a Romney , a Guilliani , and a Huckabee .
His viability is now a matter of taste , not media decision - making and backroom flimflamming .
So why is he still being left out of polls ?
Why does Fox “ news ” call him a “ pinhead ” ?
Why is there an obvious and blatant effort directed at him by all of the “ news ” media entertainment outlets , using words like “ crackpot ” to attempt to diminish his ideas which are catching on all across the country ?
Why ?
Just who are pulling the strings and why are Americans going for it ?
What I sincerely wish was that there were enough clones of my Grand Pops around that as a group ( almost like a lynch mob ) they would be willing to march down to these studios and raise the evil eyebrow at these evil lying potato - heads and glare into their souls and in front of the American people – no wiggle room allowed– simply ask “ WHAT ’S THE DING - DANG - DEELIO ? ”
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos !
Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured , along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer .
2003 March 20
Sunrise Analemma
Credit & Copyright : Anthony Ayiomamitis
Explanation : Astronomically speaking , at the Equinox on March 21 , 0100 UT ( March 20 , 8:00 PM ET ) the season changes .
For this Equinox the Sun rises due east as it crosses the celestial equator heading north .
In celebration , consider this spectacular sunrise analemma !
An analemma is the figure - 8 loop you get when you mark the position of the Sun at the same time each day throughout the year .
In this remarkable case , 38 separate exposures ( and 1 foreground exposure ) were recorded on a single piece of film between January 12 and December 21 , 2002 at 0600 UT .
The tilt of planet Earth 's axis and the variation in speed as it moves around its elliptical orbit combine to produce the predictable analemma curve .
The top and bottom of the figure - 8 correspond to the Solstices -- the Northern and Southern limits of the Sun 's sky motion .
The two Equinoxes find the Sun at points along the anelemma curve exactly half way between the Solstices .
Here , the analemma's Southern portion is partly hidden by mountains .
In the foreground lie the stone ruins of the Tholos at the ancient site of Delphi , Greece .
( CNN ) -- Just a couple of weeks ago , Sen. Hillary Clinton said she was n't interested in attacking her opponents -- she was interested in " tackling the problems of America . "
The war of words between Sens. Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama has intensified in recent days .
But with her lead slipping , things have changed , and the New York senator has found herself in a full out verbal war with Sen. Barack Obama .
" In politics , you can afford to ignore your opponents until you start to feel them breathing down your neck , " said CNN 's senior political analyst Bill Schneider .
Clinton last week saw a 23 - point lead over Obama in September fall to 14 points , according to a CNN / WMUR New Hampshire presidential primary poll .
That poll came out a day after another poll in Iowa found Obama first in the state , although his lead was within the sampling error .
And as the race gets tighter , it 's also getting nastier .
" I think the country is wondering why two weeks ago [ Clinton ] said she was n't going to attack Democrats and nine days later she was , " Robert Gibbs , communications director for the Obama campaign , told CNN on Tuesday .
Watch the Clinton and Obama camps go at it »
According to the Clinton camp , " the debate has moved . "
Pointing out differences in the two candidates ' health care plans , Ann Lewis , senior advisor for the Clinton campaign , said , " We think these are important distinctions and think the public ought to know about them . "
Those distinctions -- and many others -- have been brought up by both campaigns numerous times in recent days .
The Clinton and Obama camps have started exchanging jabs over health care , fundraising and foreign relations experience -- and the punches are getting personal .
" I think that I bring unique experience -- 35 years of experience , including the eight years in the White House where I was actively involved in issues both here at home and around the world , " Clinton said this week .
But Obama was quick to disagree : " If she wants to tout her experience by having visited countries , that 's fine .
I do n't think that [ former Secretary of State ]
Madeleine Albright would think that Hillary Clinton was the face of foreign policy during the Clinton administration , " Obama said .
The latest dispute comes a week after Clinton took a deep dig at Obama 's foreign experience , zeroing in on his remark that his " strongest " foreign policy experience came from living in Indonesia as a child .
The Clinton - Obama camps got into a new war of words Monday over reports that Obama 's political action committee may have directed a majority of its campaign contributions to politicians in the key early nominating states .
" On the campaign trail , Senator Obama is outspoken about his desire to reform the campaign finance system so it was surprising to learn that he has been using his PAC in a manner that appears to be inconsistent with the prevailing election laws , " Clinton 's campaign said in a statement .
Obama 's campaign then took aim at Clinton 's reluctance to release financial , fundraising and White House records in full .
" The latest personal attack from Hillary Clinton is a completely false attempt to misrepresent Barack Obama 's full disclosure of his campaign finances , " Obama spokesman Bill Burton said in a statement , adding that Clinton is in no position to point fingers until she discloses her own White House records .
Clinton also pointed fingers at Obama 's health care plan , calling it " confusing , " a day after the Illinois senator said his proposal would keep costs down more than any of his rivals ' plans .
" There 's a big difference between Sen. Obama and me on health care .
I have a health care plan that covers every single American .
He does not , " Clinton told reporters Sunday .
Obama was quick to swing back : " Senator Clinton 's idea is that we should force everyone to buy insurance , " he said in a statement released to CNN on Sunday .
" She 's not being straight with the American people because she refuses to tell us how much she would fine people if they could n't afford insurance . "
Clinton and Obama obviously are n't the only contenders in the Democratic race , but the other candidates are largely staying on the sidelines of this slugfest .
Former North Carolina Sen . John Edwards said he 's paid no attention to the " sniping . "
When asked last week if Clinton was warranted in criticizing Obama 's foreign relations experience , Edwards said , " Can I honestly tell you ... I spend not a nanosecond listening to what each of them are saying sniping toward each other , so I have no idea what you 're talking about . "
E-mail to a friend
All About Hillary Clinton • Barack Obama • U.S. Presidential Election
A recent flap in a British news program sheds a bit of light on something similar in the US .
It seems that a political rival of a popular candidate sent a BBC newscaster a little information , which was supposed to be damaging to an opposition party candidate .
Turns out , the information was a little bit about nothing and the network is wondering if it has been played for a stooge .
Hmm .
This is sure a familiar theme these days .
Let ’s take a drive down memory lane , here for a minute .
The word “ stooge ” apparently came in to the language about 1913 during the Vaudeville era .
One dictionary defines the word as :
1 a : one who plays a subordinate or compliant role to a principal b : puppet 3
What I am getting at here is that there is a lot going on in the country these days : war , national debt crisis , global warming , crime , and so forth .
Many armchair pessimists continue to believe that the public is being used as puppets , in a variety of issues .
Briefly put , somebody is yanking our chains and we are dancing like a herd of string puppets .
As far as ‘ the war ’ is concerned , we have knee jerkism on both sides of the fence .
The pro-war crowd says we gotta fight them over there , so we wo n’t fight them here .
The anti-war crowd says we ’re playing into Osama ’s hands and playing his game .
Bin Laden ’s goal was to draw the United States into a costly war in the Middle East .
By doing so , he aimed to drain the American treasury , strain our supply lines and turn us into his own personal recruiting tool .
Hello !
Anybody smell the chittlins here ?
Saddam was a nasty piece of work , but before we kicked him off his throne and sent him dangling at the end of a short rope , there were few terrorists in Iraq .
Now the place is a fertile breeding ground for terrorism .
Every “ accidental shooting ” of Iraqi civilians by American forces breeds scads of terrorist wannebes .
We have a whole tribe of folk who are using us as their own little stooge .
The Saudis cannot remain in power without the financial and military support of the United States government , not to mention the American oil industry .
Who do they call ?
The American Stooge .
Many critics of current and past American foreign policy as it pertains to the Middle East say the United States has two deadly blind spots : Israel and Saudi Arabia .
Our blind spots are leading us to make unrealistic military and diplomatic decisions in the region .
When revolutionaries all over the world want to send their followers up in foaming mouth frenzies , who do they name — their old friend the American Stooge .
Is n’t it wonderful to be blamed for everything but the price of sand in the Gobi Desert ?
Some of this mess is our fault .
Some of it is n’t , but we are a convenient target and our would be enemies and wanna be revolutionaries are beating that dead horse with a vengeance .
The Great American Satan is to blame for everything — their own corrupt leaders have to keep the fire of rage , revolution , fundamentalism , fascism , tribalism and extremism burning brightly using American economic and foreign policy as their primary fuel .
Many in the Arab world say our blind acquiescence to Israel ’s inhumane treatment of the Arabs and Palestinians within its borders leads Arabs and other to think that the US will support Israel no matter what the Israeli leaders do , no matter how many human rights directives they break .
On the other hand , the Israelis say they have the right to defend themselves .
And , as a consequence of their being vastly outnumbered by a sea of hostile forces and surrounded by neighbors who have long since declared that they want to push Israel into the sea , they have resorted to Draconian measures to ensure their own survival .
Next Page 1 | 2
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
Page 1A
Iris scans let law enforcement keep eye on criminals
Will be 'as common as fingerprinting '
A growing number of sheriff 's departments are using iris scans to identify sex offenders , runaways , abducted children and wandering Alzheimer 's patients .
More than 2,100 departments in 27 states are taking digital pictures of eyes and storing the information in databases that can be searched later to identify a missing person or someone who uses a fake name , says Sean Mullin , president of BI { + 2} Technologies , which sells the devices .
" It 's evolving quickly , " he says .
Most of the sheriffs are doing voluntary iris scans of senior citizens and children .
At least 10 metro areas are doing scans of criminals to identify them should another crime occur or to be sure the right inmate is released .
" This is the wave of the future .
This will become as common as fingerprinting , " says Sheriff Greg Solano of Santa Fe County , N.M. Last month , his department began scanning the irises of convicted sex offenders .
He says the level of detail and central database can make matches within seconds , compared with weeks for fingerprints and months for DNA .
Iris recognition technology has been used by airports to expedite security checks of low - risk travelers and by the government to track possible terrorists .
When a patent expired last year , other companies rushed in to expand its uses .
" We 're seeing tremendous growth , " says Barry Morse , CEO of Retica Systems , because of concerns about terrorism , immigration and identity theft .
Mullin says the laptop , camera and software cost $ 10,000 .
The cameras use harmless infrared light to record the iris ' minute ridges and valleys .
They can detect 235 unique details and differentiate between right and left eyes and those of identical twins , Mullin says .
A fingerprint has about 70 details .
Irises are n't affected by age , Lasik eye surgery or disease .
The widening use of iris recognition concerns privacy advocates .
Some advocates for children say it could give parents a false sense of security .
" It 's part of the growing surveillance society .
We 're going to be identified and tracked everywhere we go , " says Barry Steinhardt , technology program director at the American Civil Liberties Union .
Morse says his company will deliver test devices to the Defense Department next year that will allow it to scan a crowd and store iris data for many people at once .
Mullin says the technology has not identified a missing person because the database is small , but it is gaining more than 2,000 scans every week .
A bank teller and her fiance were banking on love when they tied the knot at a Bank of America branch .
Sharon Paine and Thaigo Goes exchanged vows in the Sabattus Street branch lobby Tuesday as customers went about their business making financial transactions .
For ambiance , a candle was put on top of a copier , a linen tablecloth was draped over a desk and music from rocker Bryan Adams played over a speaker .
" We ’re having a wedding , " branch manager Deanna Kinsey told customers .
The 24 - year - old Paine is a Bank of America teller who used to work at the Sabattus Street branch .
She and Goes , who is also 24 , were planning on a legal ceremony and were surprised when bank employees made it into a more elaborate affair .
[ Via - The Weird World Of Economics ]
6 Free Bottles Of Wine , Shipped To Your Home .
Wii Can Bring Pain .
And That ’s No Laughing Matter
Wisconsin Leaders Seek To Squeeze The Cheese Out Of The State ’s National Image
Does Anyone Care What You Think ?
These Guys Do .
Let Us Pay For Your Gas
Thanksgiving is one of the busiest travel times of the year .
As people prepare for their holiday trips , they should be on the lookout for speed traps .
Nothing can ruin a vacation more quickly than an undeserved speeding ticket .
As a public service , the National Motorists Association ( NMA ) has prepared a list of the worst speed trap cities in all fifty states .
This list was created from the NMA ’s SpeedTrap Exchange ( www.speedtrap.org), a site devoted to identifying the location of speed traps .
The results were drawn from a combination of two sources .
The first source was an online poll on the NMA network of websites ( www.motorists.org & www.speedtrap.org).
The poll asked visitors to choose the worst speed trap city in their state .
The second source was an analysis of the postings on www.speedtrap.org over the last two years .
All motorists would be well - advised to keep these locations in mind while driving this holiday :
ALABAMA
Worst Speedtrap : Montgomery
Dishonorable Mention : Birmingham , Huntsville , Uniontown
ALASKA
Worst Speedtrap : Anchorage
Dishonorable Mention : Fairbanks , Juneau , Seward
ARIZONA
Worst Speedtrap : Tucson
Dishonorable Mention : Gilbert , Phoenix , Scottsdale
ARKANSAS
Worst Speedtrap : Little Rock
Dishonorable Mention : Augusta , Fayetteville , Parkin
CALIFORNIA
Worst Speedtrap : Fresno
Dishonorable Mention : Fullerton , Los Angeles , San Jose
COLORADO
Worst Speedtrap : Colorado Springs
Dishonorable Mention : Aurora , Denver , Fort Collins
CONNECTICUT
Worst Speedtrap : Enfield
Dishonorable Mention : Danbury , Groton , New Canaan
DELAWARE
Worst Speedtrap : Newark
Dishonorable Mention : Dover , Felton , Fenwick Island
FLORIDA
Worst Speedtrap : Waldo
Dishonorable Mention : Lawtey , Ocala , Orlando
GEORGIA
Worst Speedtrap : Pendergrass
Dishonorable Mention : Atlanta , Duluth , Marietta ,
HAWAII
Worst Speedtrap : Honolulu
Dishonorable Mention : Kailua , Kaimuki , Maui
IDAHO
Worst Speedtrap : Boise
Dishonorable Mention : Idaho Falls , Lewiston , Post Falls
ILLINOIS
Worst Speedtrap : Naperville
Dishonorable Mention : Carol Stream , New Lenox , Peoria
INDIANA
Worst Speedtrap : Indianapolis
Dishonorable Mention : Bloomington , Culver , Fort Wayne
IOWA
Worst Speedtrap : Des Moines
Dishonorable Mention : Ames , Cedar Rapids , Davenport
KANSAS
Worst Speedtrap : Shawnee
Dishonorable Mention : Leawood , Overland Park , Topeka
KENTUCKY
Worst Speedtrap : Louisville
Dishonorable Mention : Lexington , Middlesboro , Owensboro
LOUISIANA
Worst Speedtrap : Woodworth
Dishonorable Mention : Baton Rouge , Lake Charles , Metairie
MAINE
Worst Speedtrap : Kittery
Dishonorable Mention : Augusta , Falmouth , Portland
MARYLAND
Worst Speedtrap : Frederick
Dishonorable Mention : Columbia , Hagerstown , Waldorf
MASSACHUSETTS
Worst Speedtrap : Worcester
Dishonorable Mention : Lowell , Newton , Springfield
MICHIGAN
Worst Speedtrap : Livonia
Dishonorable Mention : Ann Arbor , Redford , Warren
MINNESOTA
Worst Speedtrap : Minneapolis
Dishonorable Mention : Bloomington , Elk River , Plymouth
MISSISSIPPI
Worst Speedtrap : Starkville
Dishonorable Mention : Jackson , McComb , Tupelo
MISSOURI
Worst Speedtrap : Foristell
Dishonorable Mention : Curryville , Independence , St. Charles
MONTANA
Worst Speedtrap : Missoula
Dishonorable Mention : Darby , Havre , Joliet
NEBRASKA
Worst Speedtrap : Omaha
Dishonorable Mention : Bellevue , Grand Island , Lincoln
NEVADA
Worst Speedtrap : Las Vegas
Dishonorable Mention : Henderson , Pahrump , Reno
NEW HAMPSHIRE
Worst Speedtrap : Manchester
Dishonorable Mention : Nashua , New London , Somersworth
NEW JERSEY
Worst Speedtrap : Paramus
Dishonorable Mention : Bridgewater , Monroe Township , North Brunswick
NEW MEXICO
Worst Speedtrap : Albuquerque
Dishonorable Mention : Cuba , Las Cruces , Rio Rancho
NEW YORK
Worst Speedtrap : Brooklyn
Dishonorable Mention : Batavia , Rochester , Staten Island
NORTH CAROLINA
Worst Speedtrap : Raleigh
Dishonorable Mention : Charlotte , Greensboro , Wilmington
NORTH DAKOTA
Worst Speedtrap : Grand Forks
Dishonorable Mention : Fargo , Thompson , Washburn
OHIO
Worst Speedtrap : Columbus
Dishonorable Mention : Akron , Canton , Lindale
OKLAHOMA
Worst Speedtrap : Caney
Dishonorable Mention : Moffet , Moore , Kiowa
OREGON
Worst Speedtrap : Portland
Dishonorable Mention : Beaverton , Eugene , Springfield
PENNSYLVANIA
Worst Speedtrap : Horsham
Dishonorable Mention : Feasterville , Harrisburg , Warrington
RHODE ISLAND
Worst Speedtrap : Providence
Dishonorable Mention : Johnston , Pawtucket , Warwick
SOUTH CAROLINA
Worst Speedtrap : Greenville
Dishonorable Mention : Columbia , Gaffney , Society Hill
SOUTH DAKOTA
Worst Speedtrap : Sioux Falls
Dishonorable Mention : Rapid City , Wagner , Yankton
TENNESSEE
Worst Speedtrap : Nashville
Dishonorable Mention : Memphis , Piperton , Smyrna
TEXAS
Worst Speedtrap : Houston
Dishonorable Mention : Arlington , Austin , Estelline
UTAH
Worst Speedtrap : Sandy
Dishonorable Mention : Roy , Salt Lake City , West Valley City
VERMONT
Worst Speedtrap : Wilmington
Dishonorable Mention : Barre Town , Island Pond , Norwich
VIRGINIA
Worst Speedtrap : Virginia Beach
Dishonorable Mention : Chesapeake , Emporia , Norfolk
WASHINGTON
Worst Speedtrap : Bellingham
Dishonorable Mention : Black Diamond , Ritzville , Seattle ,
WEST VIRGINIA
Worst Speedtrap : Summersville
Dishonorable Mention : Charleston , Gauley Bridge , Hurricane
WISCONSIN
Worst Speedtrap : Rosendale
Dishonorable Mention : Appleton , Milwaukee , Waukesha
WYOMING
Worst Speedtrap : Thermopolis
Dishonorable Mention : Cheyenne , Jackson Hole , Rawlins
Although these are the worst speed trap cities in the nation , arbitrarily low speed limits combined with heavy enforcement means there are many other areas in which drivers should be alert to avoid traffic citations .
Motorists who wish to enjoy their travelling time this weekend should visit www.speedtrap.org for a full list and specific locations of speed traps .
" Our society is run by insane people for insane objectives .
I think we 're being run by maniacs for maniacal ends and I think I 'm liable to be put away as insane for expressing that .
That 's what 's insane about it . " - John Lennon , before his murder by CIA mind - control subject Mark David ChapmanWhen Gandhi was asked his opinion of Western civilization he said it would be a good idea .
But that oft - cited quote , is misleading , assuming as it does that civilization is an unmitigated blessing .
Civilized people , we are told , live peacefully and cooperatively with their fellows , sharing the necessary labour in order to obtain the leisure to develop arts and sciences .
And while that would be a good idea , it is not a good description of what has been going on in the so - called advanced cultures during the past 8,000 years .
The prevailing recipe for civilization is simple : 1 ) Use lies and brainwashing to create an army of controlled , systematic mass murderers ;
2 )
Use that army to enslave large numbers of people ( i.e. seize control of their labour power and its fruits ) ;3 ) Use that slave labour power to improve the brainwashing process ( by using the economic surplus to employ scribes , priests , and PR men ) .
Then go back to step one and repeat the process .
The inventor of civilization - the first tribal chieftain who successfully brainwashed an army of controlled mass murderers - was almost certainly a genetic psychopath .
Since that momentous discovery , psychopaths have enjoyed a significant advantage over non-psychopaths in the struggle for power in civilizational hierarchies - especially military hierarchies .
Military institutions are tailor - made for psychopathic killers .
The 5 % or so of human males who feel no remorse about killing their fellow human beings make the best soldiers .
And the 95 % who are extremely reluctant to kill make terrible soldiers - unless they are brainwashed with highly sophisticated modern techniques that turn them ( temporarily it is hoped ) into functional psychopaths .
In On Killing , Lt. Col .
Dave Grossman has re-written military history , to highlight what other histories hide :
The fact that military science is less about strategy and technology , than about overcoming the instinctive human reluctance to kill members of our own species .
The true " Revolution in Military Affairs " was not Donald Rumsfeld 's move to high - tech in 2001 , but Brigadier Gen. S.L.A.
Marshall 's discovery in the 1940s that only 15 - 20 % of World War II soldiers along the line of fire would use their weapons : " Those ( 80 - 85 % ) who did not fire did not run or hide ( in many cases they were willing to risk great danger to rescue comrades , get ammunition , or run messages ) , but they simply would not fire their weapons at the enemy , even when faced with repeated waves of banzai charges " ( Grossman , p. 4 ) .
Normal men just went through the motions and , if at all possible , refused to take the life of an enemy soldier , even if that meant giving up their own .
( This can not be good for humanity 's genetic endowment ! )
Marshall 's work , brought a Copernican revolution to military science .
In the past , everyone believed that the soldier willing to kill for his country was the ( heroic ) norm , while one who refused to fight was a ( cowardly ) aberration .
The truth , as it turned out , was that the normative soldier hailed from the psychopathic five percent .
The sane majority , would rather die than fight .
The implication , too frightening for even the likes of Marshall and Grossman to fully digest , was that tHow could that be ?
In Political Ponerology , Andrzej Lobaczewski explains that clinical psychopaths enjoy advantages even in non-violent competitions to climb the ranks of social hierarchies .
In court , for example , psychopaths can tell extreme bald - faced lies in a plausible manner , while their sane opponents are handicapped by an emotional predisposition to remain within hailing distance of the truth .
TAs with judges and juries , so too with those charged with decisions concerning who to promote and who not to promote in corporate , military and governmental hierarchies .
So - called conspiracy theorists , some of whom deserve the pejorative connotation of that much - abused term , often imagine that secret societies of Jews , Jesuits , bankers , communists , Bilderbergers , Muslim extremists , papists , and so on , are secretly controlling history , doing dastardly deeds , and / or threatening to take over the world .
As a leading " conspiracy theorist " according to Wikipedia , I feel eminently qualified to offer an alternative conspiracy theory which , like the alternative conspiracy theory of 9/11 , is both simpler and more accurate than the prevailing wisdom :
We are witnessing the apotheosis of the overworld - the criminal syndicate or overlapping set of syndicates that lurks above ordinary society and law just as the underworld lurks below it .
In 9/11 and the 9/11 wars , we are seeing the final desperate power - grab or " endgame " of brutal , cunning gangs of CIA drug- runners and President - killers ; money - laundering international bankers and their hit - men , economic and otherwise ; corrupt military contractors and gung - ho generals ; corporate predators and their political enablers ; brainwashers and mind - rapists euphemistically known as psy- ops experts and PR specialists - in short , the whole sick crew of certifiable psychopaths running our so - called civilization .
And they are running scared .
It was their terror of losing control that they projected onto the rest of us by blowing up the Twin Towers and inciting temporary psychopathic terror - rage in the American public .
The greatest fear of any psychopath is of being found out .
As George H. W. Bush said to journalist Sarah McClendon , December 1992 , " If the people knew what we had done , they would chase us down the street and lynch us . "
Given that Bush is reported to have participated in parties where child prostitutes were sodomized and otherwise abused , among his many other crimes , his statement to McClendon should be taken seriously .
Today , thanks to new information technologies , we are on the brink of unmasking the psychopaths and building a civilization of , by and for the normal human being - a civilization without war , a civilization based on truth , a civilization in which the saintly few rather than the diabolical few would gravitate to positions of power .
We already have the knowledge necessary to diagnose psychopathic personalities and keep them out of power .
We have the knowledge necessary to dismantle the institutions in which psychopaths especially flourish - militaries , intelligence agencies , large corporations , and secret societies .
We simply need to disseminate this knowledge , and the will to use it , as widely as possible .
One way they do this , is by manipulating shame and denial - emotions foreign to psychopaths but common and easily - induced among normals .
Consider how gangs and secret societies ( psychopaths ' guilds in disguise ) recruit new members .
Some criminal gangs and satanist covens demand that candidates for admission commit a murder to " earn their stripes . "
Skull and Bones , the Yale - based secret society that supplies the CIA with drug- runners , mind - rapists , child abusers and professional killers , requires neophytes to lie naked in a coffin and masturbate in front of older members while reciting the candidate 's entire sexual history .
By forcing the neophyte to engage in ritualized behaviour that would be horrendously shameful in normal society , the psychopaths ' guild destroys the candidate 's normal personality , assuming he had one in the first place , and turns the individual into a co-opted , corrupt , degraded shadow of his former self - a manufactured psychopath or psychopath 's apprentice .
This manipulation of shame has the added benefit of making psychopathic organizations effectively invisible to normal society .
Despite easily available media reports , American voters in 2004 simply refused to see that the two major - party presidential candidates had lain naked in a coffin masturbating in front of older Bonesmen in order to gain admission to Skull and Bones and thus become members of the criminal overworld .
Likewise , many Americans have long refused to see that hawkish elements of the overworld , operating through the CIA , had obviously been the murderers of JFK , MLK , RFK , JFK Jr. , Malcolm X , Che , Allende , Wellstone , Lumumba , Aguilera , Diem , and countless other relatively non-psychopathic leaders .
They refuse to see the continuing murders of millions of people around the world in what amounts to an American holocaust .
They refuse to see the evidence that the psychopaths ' guilds running America 's most powerful institutions use the most horrific forms of sexualized abuse imaginable to induce multiple - personality - disorder in child victims , then use the resulting mind - control slaves as disposable drug- runners , prostitutes , Manchurian candidates , and even diplomatic envoys . , just as wives of husbands who are sexually abusing their children sometimes refuse to see what is happening in plain view .
If deep , deep denial were a river in Egypt , American citizens ' willful blindness would be more like the Marianas Trench .
But thanks to the power of the internet , people everywhere are waking up .
The only obvious non-psychopath among Republican presidential candidates , Ron Paul , also happens to be the only candidate in either party with significant grassroots support .
If " love " is embedded in the Revolution Ron Paul heralds , that is because Dr. Paul - a kindly , soft - spoken physician who has delivered more than 4,000 babies - implicitly recognizes that government is the invention and tool of psychopaths , and therefore must be strictly limited in scope and subjected to a rigorous system of checks and balances , lest the psychopath 's tools , fear and hatred , replace love as the glue that binds society together .
The decline in militarism since World War II in advanced countries , the spread of literacy and communications technology , and the people 's growing demands for a better life , together represent a gathering force that terrifies the pathocracy , ( those alternately competing - then - cooperating gangs of psychopaths who have ruled through lies , fear and intimidation since the dawn of so - called civilization ) .
Since nuclear weapons have made war obsolete , the pathocracy is terrified that its favourite social control mechanism - ritualized mass slaughter - is increasingly unavailable .
And if war was the great human tragedy , the pathocrats ' pathetic attempt at a war - substitute - the transparently phoney " war on terror " - is repeating it as sheerest farce .
Truly , we are witnessing the twilight of the psychopaths .
Whether in their death throes they succeed in pulling down the curtain of eternal night on all of us , or whether we resist them and survive to see the dawn of a civilization worthy of the name , is the great decision in which all of us others , however humbly , are now participating .
Dr. Kevin Barrett , co-founder of the Muslim - Christian - Jewish Alliance for 9/11 Truth , LINK , has taught English , French , Arabic , American Civilization , Humanities , African Literature , Folklore , and Islam at colleges and universities in the San Francisco Bay area , Paris , and Madison , Wisconsin .
Barrett became a 9/11 truth activist in 2004 after reading David Griffin's The New Pearl Harbor and conducting follow - up research that convinced him Griffin had accurately summarized evidence indicating 9/11 was an inside job .
In the summer of 2006 , Republican state legislators and Fox newscasters demanded that Barrett be fired from his job teaching an introductory Islam class at the University of Wisconsin - Madison , but the University refused to buckle , and Barrett got high marks from his students .
He has appeared in several documentary films , lectures widely on 9/11 and hosts three radio programs on three different patriot networks .
« " There is not one shred of truth in what you 've just read . " | Main | Open Thread » Why The Bush Economy Really Stinks
by Mary Well , it 's finally coming : the Bush recession .
George W Bush 's Ownership Society built ontop of massive debt and risky financial packages has finally come to the edge of the cliff .
Back in 2004 , the current housing bubble was started at the behest of Alan Greenspan and the Bush administration .
In February 2004 , Alan Greenspan urged people to take advantage of the low interest rates and refinance their mortgages with adjustable rate mortgages .
American consumers might benefit if lenders provided greater mortgage product alternatives to the traditional fixed - rate mortgage .
To the degree that households are driven by fears of payment shocks but are willing to manage their own interest rate risks , the traditional fixed - rate mortgage may be an expensive method of financing a home .
At the same time Bush touted his plan for increasing homeownership for minorities and other lower income Americans , but as this contemporaneous report says , that for the buyers , the threat was that they could be victimized by predatory lending and would be unprepared to manage the risk .
When it comes right down to it , Bush 's homeownership agenda -- that heartwarming face to the " ownership society " -- has all the downsides we 've come to expect from the rest of Bush 's economic agenda .
Based on fuzzy research and unchecked assumptions ?
Check .
Leaves millions of low - income Americans behind ?
Check .
Pushes risk and debt on Americans ?
Check .
" It 's the same story with homeownership as it is with any other ' ownership society ' program , " says Crowley .
" There 's a lot of potential gain to be had , but you 're also asking individuals to take on a lot of risk . "
Yet , rather than increase regulations , the Bush administration and Mr. Greenspan turned a blind eye while companies like Countrywide invented new and more toxic mortgage offerings to sell expensive and risky loans to those who could least afford them .
There should be no question that this bubble was created by those whose primary job should have been to guide and manage the economy , rather than use it to enrich the greedy and push all the risk on those least able to manage it .
And now , we are finally seeing the chickens coming home to roost .
We are truly on the brink of a recession , the magnitude not known in our country in over 60 years .
What 's worse , because this is n't your normal recession , the standard tools ( stimulus spending or tax cuts ) for addressing a recession are not up to solving the problem .
( emphasis mine )
In the current downturn , something more unsettling than a traditional swing in the business cycle appears to be at work :
The United States has become increasingly prone to financial bubbles -- huge , seemingly irreversible rises in the value of one sort of asset or another , followed by sudden and largely unforeseen plunges .
What makes bubbles so dangerous is that their consequences , when they burst , are wider , often more damaging , and certainly more unpredictable than those of ordinary downturns .
" We are more prone to bubbles than we used to be , " said John H. Makin , a former senior Treasury official with several Republican administrations and now a scholar with the conservative American Enterprise Institute in Washington .
" The old - fashioned recession , where the consumer ran out of gas or there was an economic policy mistake , does n't seem to occur much anymore , " said Alice M. Rivlin , a former vice chair of the Federal Reserve and Clinton administration budget director .
" As we 've seen from recent events , bubbles seem to be playing a bigger role . "
Economists such as Rivlin and Makin do not necessarily oppose traditional stimulus proposals .
" When there 's a flood , I 'm not against throwing in sandbags , " Makin said .
" It 's not going to solve the problem .
It 's not going to reverse it .
It might mitigate it . "
But the overriding requirement , they say , is that economists and policymakers need to develop ways to identify potential bubbles , discourage them from growing , and limit the economic carnage if they do .
Analysts trace the economy 's growing propensity to develop bubbles to an unusual chain of events .
Since the early 1980s , increasingly effective Fed policymaking , coupled with financial innovations such as the expansion of credit cards , home - equity loans and exotic security derivatives , helped shrink large - scale fluctuations in the economy in what economists call the Great Moderation .
Could we have predicted this bubble ?
Well , I remember reading this back in 2004 :
So the most irresponsible central banker in the history of the world created the biggest bubble in the history of the world , which had disastrous consequences for the stock market and the economy .
In order to ameliorate that , he has created bubble - like conditions and absurd financing schemes in real estate .
Meanwhile , we 've seen an enormous concentration of risk develop inside the financial system :
We are down to just a handful of big banks and government - sponsored entities that are using his other favorite toy , derivatives , to theoretically manage away all their risks .
So how has that favorite toy of Greenspan done ?
As Jon Markman writes this week , one of the most knowledgeable experts on credit / derivatives , Satyajit Das believes that they are the reason we are now on the brink of " an epic bear market . " ( h/t Sideshow )
The entire housing market built up under Bush have relied on leveraged debt which is the reason there is such a dangerous financial situation right now .
( emphasis mine )
Rather than joining the crowd that blames the mess on American slobs who took on more mortgage debt than they could afford and have endangered the world by stiffing lenders , he points a finger at three parties : regulators who stood by as U.S. banks developed ingenious but dangerous ways of shifting trillions of dollars of credit risk off their balance sheets and into the hands of unsophisticated foreign investors ; hedge and pension fund managers who gorged on high - yield debt instruments they did n't understand ; and financial engineers who built towers of " securitized " debt with math models that were fundamentally flawed .
" Defaulting middle - class U.S. homeowners are blamed , but they are merely a pawn in the game , " he says .
" Those loans were invented so that hedge funds would have high - yield debt to buy . " ... So if you follow the bouncing ball , borrowed money bought borrowed money .
And then because they had the blessing of credit - ratings agencies relying on mathematical models suggesting that they would rarely default , these CDOs were in turn used as collateral to do more borrowing .
In this way , Das points out , credit risk moved from banks , where it was regulated and observable , to places where it was less regulated and difficult to identify .
... When you add it all up , according to Das ' research , a single dollar of " real " capital supports $ 20 to $ 30 of loans .
This spiral of borrowing on an increasingly thin base of real assets , writ large and in nearly infinite variety , ultimately created a world in which derivatives outstanding earlier this year stood at $ 485 trillion -- or eight times total global gross domestic product of $ 60 trillion .
... One of the wonders of leverage is that it amplifies losses on the way down just as it amplifies gains on the way up .
The more an asset that is bought with borrowed money falls in value , the more you have to sell other stuff to fulfill the loan - to - value covenants .
It 's a vicious cycle .
In this context , banks ' objective was to prevent customers from selling their derivates at a discount because they would then have to mark down the value of all the other assets in the debt chain , an event that would lead to the need to make margin calls on customers already thin on cash .
So what caused this economic meltdown ?
Conservative ideology which always favors greed and wealth and disdains regulation as an unbearable crimp on the economy .
This too is a legacy of Bush .
Mary :: 12:44 PM :: :: 12:44 PM :: Comments ( 20 ) :: Digg
It !
How easy is it ?
Reporter Chad Lawhorn explores firsthand what is involved in acquiring a gun for concealed carry in Kansas , in Monday ’s Journal - World .
A single , laminated flower hangs from the refrigerator in Richard Dyer ’s Lawrence apartment .
You know , the art - project kind where the petals are made from a cutout of a small child ’s hand .
Hanging next to a Kansas City Royals schedule , it paints a grandfatherly picture .
Dyer ’s curly white beard , a half - finished Sudoku puzzle on the kitchen table , and how he leans in and turns his ear toward you to hear better , add to the image .
But do n’t let the 57 - year - old , self - professed bookworm fool you .
He can show you a different side , not that he would want to , nor that you would want to see it .
“ One thing a firearm does for you is it gives you the ability to look someone in the eye and say ‘ no , ’ and mean it , ” Dyer said .
Dyer may be carrying a gun now , as he visits and leans back in a dining table chair .
It is not a subject he wants to talk about .
Nobody ’s business .
But Dyer certainly believes it is his right to carry a gun in his house , in City Hall , in a dark downtown alley or anywhere else .
Dyer does n’t walk around with business cards that read “ Richard Dyer , gun activist , ” but on a Tuesday evening late last year , he was one .
He was the only member of the public who attended the Nov. 14 Lawrence City Commission meeting to protest a policy that would allow the city to post “ no firearm ” signs at City Hall , recreation centers and other public buildings .
The policy was in reaction to the state ’s new concealed carry law , which allows residents who successfully complete a training class to carry a concealed gun in places where it is n’t prohibited .
He argued – politely – that what city commissioners were doing was prohibiting law - abiding residents from having guns .
The criminals would n’t pay any attention to a sign , he told the room full of City Hall leaders .
Commissioners unanimously disagreed .
Dyer left undeterred .
He really did n’t expect them to do anything differently .
He describes the commissioners ’ reaction as “ standard , ” and says they probably just have n’t thought about the subject very much .
Dyer has .
He says commissioners probably never stopped to think about the role that gun control played in regimes such as Nazi Germany or the Soviet Union .
“ I think the quote comes out of Solzhenitsyn , ” Dyer said .
“ They sat in their death camps and wondered how it would have been for the KGB – if every night when they went out in the dark of the night and pounded on a door to seize someone – that when they opened the door , someone went ‘ bang . ’
They said no and shot them .
“ Tell them no and make it count . ”
In control
The glasses that sit atop Dyer ’s nose are made for working .
They ’re the large , square , gold - rimmed variety with lenses that are much bigger than the small “ stylish ” spectacles of today .
Dyer ’s glasses are good for reading and good for seeing the big picture , he says .
“ People live in the moment these days , ” Dyer said .
“ Sometimes in the moment you get into constraints on what you can see . ”
That is n’t a problem for Dyer .
He spends a good deal of his time looking back .
He ’s an avid reader of history .
Dyer said as a 7 - or 8 - year - old boy , he started reading about the Civil War and slavery , and was always struck by how many “ otherwise good people ” thought slavery was acceptable .
But he goes back even further to point to the writings that have done more than any other to shape his views on guns and the right to bear arms .
For that , he pulls out Machiavelli , the Italian political philosopher who lived from 1469 to 1527 – who famously said if a man must choose , “ it is better to be feared than loved . ”
Dyer , though , does n’t babble about any of that “ feared or loved ” stuff that is in every Western Civilization textbook , and that has made Machiavellian a synonym for sadistic .
Instead ,
Dyer points to one of the philosopher ’s lesser known books , “ The Discourses . ”
He said a major point stuck with him after reading the book .
“ Government needs to be controlled , and citizens need to do the controlling , ” Dyer said .
“ And it goes from there . ”
‘ A spare tire ’
Dyer – a former diesel mechanic who is on a disability retirement from Burlington Northern Santa Fe Railway – can imagine what some people think of him .
The “ tinfoil hat brigade , ” his synonym for crazy or extreme , is how he ’s heard it referred to .
He ’s fine with that .
Dyer ’s history books have told him that people who stand up for civil rights have been marginalized before .
He should be no different , because to Dyer , concealed carry is a civil rights issue .
“ The concepts behind the Second Amendment are immortal , so to speak , ” Dyer said .
“ They are basic truths .
The freedom to defend yourself is fundamental .
It would sort of be like someone passing a law saying you should n’t be breathing today .
“ The government did not grant you that right .
The Bill of Rights does n’t grant you that right .
What it says is that government can’t infringe upon that right . ”
But Dyer said he knows that may be too philosophical for some .
So he tells people to look in the trunk of their car for a reminder of why carrying a firearm might be a good idea .
Most cars have a spare tire .
Most days , you do n’t need it .
But when you need it , you need it .
Dyer said it is the same way with a concealed gun .
“ Every now and then it comes in handy , ” Dyer said .
“ There are people who have found out it comes in real handy in certain situations . ”
WASHINGTON —
It ’s official : Bush Derangement Syndrome is now a full - blown epidemic .
George W. Bush apparently has reduced more of his fellow citizens to frustrated , sputtering rage than any other president since opinion polling began , with the possible exception of Richard Nixon .
That should be a pretty good indicator of where Bush will rank when historians get their hands on his shameful record — in the cellar , alongside the only president who ever had to resign in disgrace .
A new Gallup Poll released this week showed that 64 percent of Americans disapprove of how the Decider is doing his job .
That sounds bad enough — nearly two - thirds of the country thinks its leader is incompetent .
But when you look more closely at the numbers , you see that Bush ’s abysmal report card — only 31 percent of respondents approve of the job he ’s doing — actually overstates our regard for his performance .
According to Gallup , if you lump together the Americans who “ strongly ” approve of Bush as president with those who only “ moderately ” feel one way or the other about him , you end up with about half the population .
That leaves a full 50 percent who “ strongly disapprove ” of Bush — as high a level of intense repudiation as Gallup has ever seen in its decades of polling .
Gallup has been asking the “ strongly disapprove ” question since the Lyndon Johnson administration .
The only time the polling firm has measured such strong give - this - guy - the - hook sentiment was in February 1974 , at the height of the Watergate scandal , when Nixon ’s “ strongly disapprove ” number was measured at 48 percent .
Bush beats him by a nose , but the margin of error makes the contest for “ Most Reviled President , Modern Era ” a statistical tie .
The Gallup Poll found that among Bush ’s shrinking Republican base , he has unusually strong support .
Independents , though , have joined Democrats in the Bush Derangement Syndrome clinic :
They , too , “ strongly disapprove ” of the job the president is doing .
Bush did n’t come by this distinction with help from family connections or the Supreme Court .
No , he earned it .
Look at the situation Bush ’s successor will inherit .
Throughout much of the world , the United States is seen as an arrogant bully whose rhetoric about freedom and the rule of law is disgracefully empty .
The lawyers and students who are being tear - gassed in the streets of Pakistan ’s cities will long remember that when push came to shove , Bush chose to stick with a cooperative dictator , Gen. Pervez Musharraf , rather than live up to his words about the universal value of democracy .
The next president will be left with more than 100,000 U.S. troops still bogged down in Iraq , with an unfinished war in Afghanistan — and , between those two crises , a strengthened and emboldened Iran that hopes to dominate the world ’s most dangerous region .
Nice work .
Bush ’s successor will , incredibly , assume control of a United States government that interrogates terrorist suspects with “ enhanced ” techniques known throughout the world by a much simpler term : torture .
The new commander in chief will almost surely take custody of hundreds of people detained without formal charges , on questionable evidence , and held for years in secret CIA prisons or at Guantanamo .
The next president will take over a government that claims the right to eavesdrop on U.S. citizens without meaningful judicial oversight .
Whoever takes office in January 2009 will be left with a more polarized economy — an America where the rich have been made richer during the last six years with generous tax cuts , while 40 million people struggle without health insurance .
The new president will be left with a government that not only failed miserably in its response to the most extensive natural disaster the nation has ever faced , but also reneged on Bush ’s pledge to build a better New Orleans — and make it possible for all those who lived in the city to return .
The next occupant of the White House will find the nation ’s coffers depleted by Bush ’s wars — the price tag doubtless will have reached $ 1 trillion by Inauguration Day — and by whatever it eventually costs to keep the housing market afloat .
He or she will inherit , in short , a dismal mess .
It will take most of the new president ’s first term to begin to set things right .
It ’s easy to understand why Americans have come to think of George W. Bush as the worst president in memory , perhaps one of the worst ever .
What ’s hard to fathom is how we ’ll make it through the next 14 ½ months .
But who ’s counting .
Eugene Robinson ’s e-mail address is eugenerobinson ( at) washpost.com .
I ’ll take advantage of Paul Krugman ’s recent link to our paper on income and voting by putting up some cool scatterplots that we made recently .
It started with our maps of which states Bush and Kerry would ’ve won if only the votes of the poor , middle - income , and rich were counted :
We noticed that the familiar red-blue pattern ( rich northeast and west coast supporting the Democrats , rest of the country supporting the Republicans ) showed up clearly among rich voters , but not among the poor or middle class .
Here are the data shown another way : for each income category , we show Bush ’s vote share for each state , plotted along with the state ’s income .
For poor voters , there is no systematic difference between rich and poor states .
But for middle - income and especially for rich voters , there is a very strong pattern of rich states supporting the Democrats and poor states supporting the Republicans .
Thus , the familiar red-blue divide of cosmopolitan coastal Democrats and heartland - state Republicans shows up among the rich but not the poor .
New website advances the science of turning 2 - D into 3 - D
Ashutosh Saxena
A three - dimensional “ fly around ” image , above , was created from a two - dimensional image using an algorithm developed by Stanford computer scientists .
An artist might spend weeks fretting over questions of depth , scale and perspective in a landscape painting , but once it is done , what 's left is a two - dimensional image with a fixed point of view .
But the Make3d algorithm , developed by Stanford computer scientists , can take any two - dimensional image and create a three - dimensional " fly around " model of its content , giving viewers access to the scene 's depth and a range of points of view .
" The algorithm uses a variety of visual cues that humans use for estimating the 3 - D aspects of a scene , " said Ashutosh Saxena , a doctoral student in computer science who developed the Make3d website with Andrew Ng , an assistant professor of computer science .
" If we look at a grass field , we can see that the texture changes in a particular way as it becomes more distant . "
The algorithm runs at http://make3d.stanford.edu.
The applications of extracting 3 - D models from 2 - D images , the researchers say , could range from enhanced pictures for online real estate sites to quickly creating environments for video games and improving the vision and dexterity of mobile robots as they navigate through the spatial world .
Extracting 3 - D information from still images is an emerging class of technology .
In the past , some researchers have synthesized 3 - D models by analyzing multiple images of a scene .
Others , including Ng and Saxena in 2005 , have developed algorithms that infer depth from single images by combining assumptions about what must be ground or sky with simple cues such as vertical lines in the image that represent walls or trees .
But Make3d creates accurate and smooth models about twice as often as competing approaches , Ng said , by abandoning limiting assumptions in favor of a new , deeper analysis of each image and the powerful artificial intelligence technique " machine learning . "
Restoring the third dimension
To " teach " the algorithm about depth , orientation and position in 2 - D images , the researchers fed it still images of campus scenes along with 3 - D data of the same scenes gathered with laser scanners .
The algorithm correlated the two sets together , eventually gaining a good idea of the trends and patterns associated with being near or far .
For example , it learned that abrupt changes along edges correlate well with one object occluding another , and it saw that things that are far away can be just a little hazier and more bluish than things that are close .
To make these judgments , the algorithm breaks the image up into tiny planes called " superpixels , " which are within the image and have very uniform color , brightness and other attributes .
By looking at a superpixel in concert with its neighbors , analyzing changes such as gradations of texture , the algorithm makes a judgment about how far it is from the viewer and what its orientation in space is .
Unlike some previous algorithms , the Stanford one can account for planes at any angle , not just horizontal or vertical .
This allows it to create models for scenes that have planes at many orientations , such as the curved branches of trees or the slopes of mountains .
A paper on the algorithm by Ng , Saxena and a fellow student , Min Sun , won the best paper award at the 3 - D recognition and reconstruction workshop at the International Conference on Computer Vision in Rio de Janeiro in October 2007 .
On the Make3d website , the algorithm puts images uploaded by users into a processing queue and will send an e-mail when the model has been rendered .
Users can then vote on whether the model looks good , and can see an alternative rendering and even tinker with the model to fix what might not have been rendered right the first time .
Photos can be uploaded directly or pulled into the site from the popular photo - sharing site Flickr .
Although the technology works better than any other has so far , Ng said , it is not perfect .
The software is at its best with landscapes and scenery rather than close - ups of individual objects .
Also , he and Saxena hope to improve it by introducing object recognition .
The idea is that if the software can recognize a human form in a photo it can make more accurate distance judgments based on the size of the person in the photo .
For many panoramic scenes , there is still no substitute for being there .
But when flat photos become 3 - D , viewers can feel a little closer — or farther .
David Orenstein is the communications and public relations manager at the Stanford School of Engineering .
Amid the controversy brewing in the Senate over Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act ( FISA ) reform , the Bush administration appears to have changed its strategy and is devising a bold new plan that would strip away FISA protections in favor of a system of wholesale government monitoring of every American ’s Internet activities .
Now the national director of intelligence is predicting a disastrous cyber - terrorist attack on the U.S. if this scheme is n’t instituted .
It is no secret that the Bush administration has already been spying on the e-mail , voice - over - IP , and other Internet exchanges between American citizens since as early as and possibly earlier than Sept. 11 , 2001 .
The National Security Agency has set up shop in the hubs of major telecom corporations , notably AT&T , installing equipment that makes copies of the contents of all Internet traffic , routing it to a government database and then using natural language parsing technology to sift through and analyze the data using undisclosed search criteria .
It has done this without judicial oversight and obviously without the consent of the millions of Americans under surveillance .
Given any rational interpretation of the Fourth Amendment , its mass spying operation is illegal and unconstitutional .
But now the administration wants to make these illegal activities legal .
And why is that ?
According to National Director of Intelligence Mike McConnell , who is now drafting the proposal , an attack on a single U.S. bank by the 9/11 terrorists would have had a far more serious impact on the U.S. economy than the destruction of the Twin Towers .
“ My prediction is that we ’re going to screw around with this until something horrendous happens , ” said McConnell .
So the way to prevent this from happening , he claims , is to give the government the power to spy at will on the content of all e-mails , file transfers and Web searches .
McConnell ’s prediction of something “ horrendous ” happening unless we grant government this authority has a tone similar to that of the fear - mongering call to arms against terrorism that President Bush sounded before taking us to war in Iraq .
Now , Americans are about to be asked to surrender their Fourth Amendment rights because of a vague and unsupported prediction of the dangers and costs of cyber - terrorism .
The analogy with the campaign to frighten us into war with Iraq gets even stronger when it becomes evident that along with the establishing of American forces in Iraq , the cyber - security McConnell is calling for was , all along , part of the strategic plan , devised by Dick Cheney and several other present and former high - level Bush administration officials , to establish America as the world ’s supreme superpower .
This plan , known as the Project for the New American Century , unequivocally recognized “ an imperative ” for government to not only secure the Internet against cyber - attacks but also to control and use it offensively against its adversaries .
The Project for the New American Century also maintained that “ the process of transformation ” it envisioned ( which included the militarization and control of the Internet ) was “ likely to be a long one , absent some catastrophic and catalyzing event — like a new Pearl Harbor . ”
All that appears to be lacking to make the analogy complete is the “ horrendous ” cyber - attack — the chilling analog of the 9/11 attacks — that McConnell now predicts .
Apparently , the Bush administration had hoped to continue its mass surveillance program in secret , but as many as 40 civil suits were filed against AT&T and other telecoms , threatening to blow the government ’s illegal spying activities wide open .
Unable to have these cases dismissed in appellate court by once again playing the national - security card , the administration drafted and tried to push through Congress a version of the FISA Amendments
Act of 2007 that gave retroactive immunity to telecom corporations for their assistance in helping the government spy en mass on Americans without a court warrant .
The administration ’s plan was to use Congress ’ passage of this provision of immunity to nullify any cause of civil action against the telecoms , thereby pre-empting the exposure of the administration ’s own illegal activities .
Two versions of the FISA bill emerged , one from the Senate Intelligence Committee drafted largely by Cheney himself , which contained the immunity provision , and another from the Senate Judiciary Committee that did not contain the provision .
Although Senate Majority leader Harry Reid inauspiciously chose the former to bring to the Senate floor , the bill was surrounded by much controversy .
There had been well organized grass - roots pressure to stop it from passing , and the House had already passed a version that did not include the retroactive immunity provision .
Thus , in the face of a filibuster threat by Sen. Chris Dodd ( D - Conn. ) , Reid postponed the discussion until the January 2008 session .
Now Reid has tried to put off the FISA Amendments
Act once again by asking Republicans to extend , for one more month , the Protect America Act of 2007 , an interim FISA reform act that is due to sunset in February .
However , Cheney has urged Congress to pass his version of the FISA Amendments
Act now .
“ We can always revisit a law that ’s on the books .
That ’s part of the job of the elected branches of government , ” Cheney said .
“ But there is no sound reason to pass critical legislation … and slap an expiration date on it . ”
Cheney ’s point about the possibility of later revisiting the FISA Amendments
Act after it becomes law may foreshadow replacing it in the coming months with a law based on McConnell ’s plan , which is due to emerge in February .
This would mark a gradual descent into divesting Americans entirely of their Fourth Amendment right to privacy — first by blocking their ability to sue the telecoms for violating their privacy and then by giving the government the same legal protection .
After all , the FISA Amendments
Act still requires the government to get warrants for spying on American citizens even if it does not afford adequate judicial oversight in enforcing this mandate .
McConnell ’s proposal , on the other hand , would make no bones about spying on Americans without warrants , thereby contradicting any meaningful FISA reform .
President Bush has already made clear he would veto any FISA bill that did not give retroactive immunity to the telecoms .
However , if McConnell ’s soon to be unveiled spy - at - will plan is turned into law , a separate law giving retroactive immunity to the telecoms would be unnecessary .
All Bush and Cheney would need to do to protect themselves from criminal liability would be to make the new spy - at - will law retroactive in effect from the inception of the illegal NSA surveillance program .
This would also be sufficient to deflate the civil suits filed against the telecoms because the past illegal spying activities that these companies conducted on behalf of the government would then become “ legal . ”
Indeed , the Bush administration has already done this sort of legal retro-dating and nullifying of civil rights and gotten it through Congress .
For example , the Military Commissions
Act of 2006 conveniently gave Bush the power to decide whether someone — including himself — is guilty of torture , irrespective of the Geneva Conventions , and it made this authority retroactive to Nov. 26 , 1997 .
Whatever the final disposition of FISA in the coming weeks or months , the administration is now bracing to take a much more aggressive posture that would seek abridgement of civil liberties in its usual fashion : by fear - mongering and warnings that our homeland will be attacked by terrorists ( this time of the menacing hacker variety ) unless we the people surrender our Fourth Amendment right to privacy and give government the authority to inspect even our most personal and intimate messages .
It would be a mistake to underestimate the resolve of the Bush administration .
But it would be a bigger mistake for Americans not to stand united against this familiar pattern of government scare tactics and manipulation .
There are grave dangers to the survival of democracy posed by allowing any present or future government unfettered access to all of our private electronic communications .
These dangers must be carefully weighed against the dubious and unproven benefits that granting such an awesome power to government might have on fending off cyber - attacks .
Elliot D. Cohen , PhD , is a media ethicist and critic .
His most recent book is “ The Last Days of Democracy : How Big Media and Power - Hungry Government Are Turning America Into a Dictatorship . ”
He is a first - prize winner of the 2007 Project Censored Award .
Democrats in 22 states across America go to the polls next Tuesday to pick between two presidential prospects : Sens. Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton .
We urge them to choose Obama – an untried candidate , to be sure , but preferable to the junior senator from New York .
Obama represents a fresh start .
His opponent , and her husband , stand for déjà vu all over again – a return to the opportunistic , scandal - scarred , morally muddled years of the almost infinitely self - indulgent Clinton co-presidency .
Does America really want to go through all that once again ?
It will – if Sen. Clinton becomes president .
That much has become painfully apparent .
Bill Clinton ’s thuggishly self - centered campaign antics conjure so many bad , sad memories that it ’s hard to know where to begin .
Suffice it to say that his Peck ’s - Bad - Boy smirk – the Clinton trademark – wore thin a very long time ago .
Far more to the point , Sen .
Clinton could have reined him in at any time .
But she chose not to – which tells the nation all it needs to know about what a Clinton II presidency would be like .
Now , Obama is not without flaws .
For all his charisma and his eloquence , the rookie senator sorely lacks seasoning : Regarding national security , his worldview is beyond naive ; America must defend itself against those sworn to destroy the nation .
His all - things - to - all - people approach to complicated domestic issues also arouses scant confidence .
“ Change ! ” for the sake of change does not a credible campaign platform make .
But he remains a highly intelligent man , with a strong record as a conciliator .
And , again , he is not Team Clinton .
That counts for a very great deal .
A return to Sen . Clinton ’s cattle - futures deal , Travelgate , Whitewater , Filegate , the Lincoln Bedroom Fire Sale , Pardongate – and the inevitable replay of the Monica Mess ?
No , thank you .
And do n’t forget the Clintons ’ trademark political cynicism .
How else to explain Sen.
Clinton ’s oft - contradictory policy stands :
She voted for the war in Iraq , but now says it was a bad idea .
She ’d end it yesterday – but refuses to say how .
It ’s called “ triangulation ” – the Clintonian tactic by which the ends are played against the middle .
Once , it was effective – almost brilliant .
Today , it is tired and tattered – and it reeks of cynicism and opportunism .
Finally , Sen. Clinton stands philosophically far to the left of her husband , and is much more disciplined in pursuit of her agenda .
At least Obama has the ability to inspire .
Again , we do n’t agree much with Obama on substantive issues .
But many Democrats will .
He should be their choice on Tuesday .
Mr Nicolas has spent most of his career in the Far East
BBC | Jan 20 , 2008
The Jesuits have chosen Adolfo Nicolas , a Spanish theologian with extensive experience in Asia , to be their new leader or “ black pope ” .
The choice of Father Nicolas follows four days of prayer and discussion among 217 electors who came to Rome from around the world .
Pope Benedict was informed of the choice and has given his approval , Vatican officials said .
Father Nicolas , 71 , succeeds Peter - Hans Kolvenbach , a Dutch priest .
Father Kolvenbach was elected leader in 1983 and was widely credited with improving the Jesuits ’ often tense relations with the Vatican .
Jesuit leaders traditionally serve for life , but Father Kolvenbach , who will be 80 this year , had asked to retire because of his age .
Father Nicolas was ordained in Tokyo in 1967 and spent most of his career in the Far East – directing a pastoral institute in Manila , in the Philippines , and holding leadership positions in Japan .
Jesuit superior generals are known as “ black popes ” because , like the pontiff , they have influence worldwide and usually keep the position for life , and also because their cassocks are black – in contrast to the Pope who usually wears white .
Amid growing contention among Democratic presidential contenders about US policy toward Iran , a senior Republican lawmaker has appealed to President George W. Bush to pursue “ direct , unconditional , and comprehensive talks ” with Tehran .
The appeal , which was sent to Bush by Nebraska Sen .
Chuck Hagel two weeks ago , noted that Washington ’s diplomatic efforts to use economic pressure to persuade Iran to freeze its nuclear program were “ stalling ” amid “ growing differences with our international partners ” that are likely to continue widening .
“ Unless there is a strategic shift , ” according to Hagel ’s letter , which was also sent to other top administration officials , including Pentagon chief Robert Gates and Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice , “ I believe we will find ourselves in a dangerous and increasingly isolated position in the coming months . ”
“ Now is the time for the United States to actively consider when and how to offer direct , unconditional , and comprehensive talks with Iran , ” it went on , adding that such a move should be combined with continued efforts with US allies to press Iran through economic sanctions , including a third U.N. Security Council Resolution .
“ An approach such as this would strengthen our ability across the board to deal with Iran , ” it went on .
“ Our friends and allies would be more confident to stand with us if we seek to increase pressure , including tougher sanctions , on Iran .
It could create a historic new dynamic in US - Iran relations , in part by forcing the Iranians to react to the possibility of better relations with the West . ”
The letter , which was disclosed by Steven Clemons , director of the national strategy program at the New America Foundation ( NAF ) , on his influential blog , thewashingtonnote.com , comes amid increased speculation over the likelihood of a US military attack against Iran some time next year .
Speculation about such an attack  against either Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps ( IRGC ) units alleged by Washington to be involved in directing attacks by Tehran - armed Shiite militias against US soldiers and marines in Iraq or Iran ’s suspected nuclear facilities , or both  has escalated sharply since Bush himself raised the threat of a “ World War III ” if Iran obtains even the knowledge needed to produce a nuclear weapon during a press conference two weeks ago .
Several days later , Vice President Dick Cheney , in a speech to a hawkish pro-Israel think tank , the Washington Institute for Near Policy , warned Tehran of “ serious consequences ” if it did not freeze its nuclear program and accused it of “ direct involvement in the killings of Americans . ”
“ We will not allow Iran to have a nuclear weapon , ” he declared to applause in what several informed observers characterized as a clear escalation from previous administration officials that an Iranian nuclear weapon was “ unacceptable . ”
In addition to the harsher rhetoric , Congressional analysts noticed the insertion of an 88 - million - dollar request in the 200 - billion - dollar 2007 supplemental defense bill to modify B - 2 “ Stealth ” bombers so that they can drop a “ Massive Ordnance Penetrator , a conventional “ bunker - busting ” bomb designed to destroy targets that buried are deep underground in response to “ an urgent operational need from theater commanders . ”
The only logical target for such a weapon in the current geo-strategic climate , according to most defense analysts , would be Iran ’s suspected nuclear sites .
All of these moves , as well as the administration ’s issuance last week of new regulations that gave it the authority to impose sweeping financial sanctions against foreign companies and banks doing business with the IRGC , which itself owns a large economic empire in Iran , have propelled Iran to the center of the 2008 presidential race .
While the major Republican candidates , including front - runner Rudi Giuliani , former Gov. Mitt Romney , and Sen. John McCain , have been at least as hawkish as the administration on Iran  indeed Giuliani ’s foreign policy team is dominated by neoconservatives who have openly called for attacking Iran if it does not freeze its nuclear program , Democrats have appeared somewhat more divided .
Frontrunner Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton has been the most hawkish to date .
Of the four serving senators in the Democratic race , she was the only one who voted earlier this month for a resolution co-sponsored by the two honorary co-chairs of the neo-conservative Committee on the Present Danger , Sens. Joseph Lieberman and John Kyl , that urged Bush to list the IGRC as a “ terrorist ” organization .
The resolution passed 76 - 22 , with Democrats roughly evenly split on the measure .
The other Democratic candidates have assailed her vote , claiming that it could be used by the administration to justify a cross - border attack on IRGC bases that could precipitate a larger conflict .
Since the vote , Clinton has repeatedly tried to reassure voters that her vote should not be construed as justifying war with Iran , going so far as to co-sponsor another bill that would require Bush to seek Congressional approval before taking major military action against Tehran .
At the same time , most of the Democratic candidates , including Clinton , have repeatedly stressed their support for diplomatic engagement with Iran beyond the very narrowly focused dialogue carried out  and never formally terminated  between Washington ’s and Tehran ’s ambassadors in Baghdad last summer on stabilizing Iraq .
Hagel , who has been very critical both of the Bush administration ’s performance in Iraq and the threats and bellicose rhetoric it has used against Iran , is the first nationally prominent Republican senator to call for unconditional talks with Tehran on an entire range of issues , including its nuclear program , an issue on which the administration has ruled out any talks unless and until Tehran freezes its uranium - enrichment program
A decorated Vietnam veteran who , until last spring , was himself considered a credible presidential candidate , Hagel has been a favorite of the “ realist ” foreign policy establishment that believes the Iraq invasion was a major strategic blunder and that strongly opposes the neoconservative and other hawks , who , within the administration , are led by Cheney ’s office .
While he has been far more outspoken than his Republican colleagues , his views are believed to reflect those of a number of other senior party lawmakers , including the top Republicans on the Senate Foreign Relations and Armed Services Committees , Dick Lugar and John Warner , respectively .
Lugar and Warner were the only Republicans present to vote against the Lieberman - Kyl resolution that was supported by Clinton .
His views are also believed to reflect those of Gates and most of the Pentagon ’s top brass , even including the new chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , Adm. Michael Mullen .
According to Clemons , the chief of the US Central Command , the top military commander in the Middle East / Gulf region , Adm .
William Fallon , also sent Hagel a letter of appreciation after receiving a copy of the senator ’s letter .
While Hagel has announced he will retire from politics at the end of his term , he is due to deliver a major policy address  most likely an elaboration on his letter  at one of Washington ’s most influential national security think tanks , the Center for Strategic and International Studies , next week .
In the letter , Hagel argued that the administration was unlikely to be able to maintain international support for US policy in major part because of “ concerns ( among US allies and partners ) that the United States ’ actual objective is regime change in Iran , not a change in Iran ’s behavior . ”
“ If this continues , our ability to sustain a united international front will weaken as countries grow uncertain over our motives and unwilling to risk open confrontation with Iran , and we are left with fewer and fewer policy options , ” he wrote .
( Inter Press Service )
Array Sampson slings a makeshift shotgun over his shoulder and sets off down a footpath leading away from Okoroba , a remote village in Cameroon 's Southwest Province .
The lanky 36 - year - old hunter is wearing ankle - length pants and slotted plastic shoes .
He has a shaved head and a thin mustache , and his long strides carry him quickly past small stands of cacao trees and into the thick forest that blankets the surrounding hills .
Expecting a half - day 's hunt , he travels light :
In addition to the shotgun , he carries only two shells , a small cane backpack , and a machete that hangs in a sheath from his neck .
Fleetness could make the difference between a feast of monkey or antelope — bushmeat , as such forest quarry is known in central Africa — and a meager dinner for his family .
Trailing behind Sampson , in slacks and an untucked polo shirt , is Efuet Simon Akem , a graduate anthropology student at the University of Yaound in Cameroon .
Akem , who grew up in a village in a region south of Okoroba , is here to record how and what Sampson hunts .
Every now and then , he fishes a notebook out of a ratty backpack hanging across his chest .
A mile into the trek , Sampson turns off the main path and plunges into the underbrush .
Soon the three of us are picking our way through termite mounds the size of fire hydrants and slogging across muddy , waist - high streams .
Although the canopy shields us from direct sunlight , the forest air is hot and thick with humidity .
The murmur of insects is broken by the sound of stork - sized birds flying above the trees , like the beat of distant helicopter blades .
As Sampson hurries along , pausing to check buried snares or to examine low - hanging leaves for the recent brush of an animal , he breaks off tiny stems and branches , creating a trail he can use to trace his way home .
" It 's like his own GPS , " Akem says .
Most villagers in Okoroba , which lies at the end of a dirt road near the Nigerian border , subsist either by selling cacao or , like Sampson , hunting bushmeat .
Lately , logging has thinned the forest , and the locals have had to settle for lean fare : wild birds and rodents .
But every hunt brings new possibility , and other villagers ' recent monkey kills have made Sampson optimistic .
He seems further buoyed by the fresh rut of a bush pig , and as we splash through a creek , he catches the ooh - ooh sound of a monkey .
The ensuing chase is unsuccessful , and Akem records what Sampson points out as the missed prey — a red- capped monkey — on a collection of photocopied pictures the researcher keeps stuffed in his backpack .
A half hour later , Sampson stops short again , this time at the sound of a squirrel 's warning .
" Sometimes a squirrel call means there 's a viper nearby , " Sampson says , warily scanning the brush for the deadly but prized snake .
" If you shoot one , you share it with the whole village — after you remove the poison . "
We press on , dripping sweat and nursing bites from the ant swarms we periodically wade into , which send us into mad sprints through the forest .
Then Sampson spots movement through a gap in the trees , motions us to stop , and shoulders his shotgun .
He squints for a moment and fires , the kick of the gun shoving him backward .
Catching his balance , he plunges into the jungle after his wounded prey .
Sometime around the 1930s , epidemiologists theorize , a hunter much like Sampson walked into a forest a few hundred miles southeast of Okoroba , killed a chimpanzee carrying a then - unknown virus , and became an unwitting driver of human fate .
Perhaps blood — infected with simian immuno deficiency virus — dripped down his back into an open wound as he hauled the catch home .
Or perhaps he cut his hand while butchering the chimp .
But somehow , his own blood came into contact with another primate 's blood , and the pathogen changed into a form well built to spread from one human to the next .
The hunter then passed the virus , now known as human immuno deficiency virus - 1 group M , or HIV , to a fellow villager , and it began its slow leach into the surrounding human population .
Today it may seem like the only opportunity to contain HIV came after its discovery in the 1980s .
But what if the disease , which has infected or killed an estimated 63 million people , could have been stopped decades earlier ?
What if that hunter had carried the chimpanzee more carefully that day ?
For Nathan Wolfe , a biologist at UCLA and head of the project sponsoring Akem 's data - gathering , those are the kinds of questions to build a career upon .
" Very few people ask whether we could have prevented HIV , " Wolfe told me over beers one night last fall in Yaound , the capital of Cameroon .
" That 's what I encourage people in my lab to think about . "
Nathan Wolfe Photograph : Joe Toreno Launched in 1999 , Wolfe 's Cameroon project aims to discover viruses that , like HIV , originate in wild animals and then cross over to infect humans .
Known as zoonoses , such pathogens constitute an estimated three - quarters of all emerging human diseases .
The list of animal - to - human invaders includes malaria , smallpox , West Nile , Ebola , SARS , and — the threat of the moment — avian influenza .
Despite these killers and the near - certainty that new devastating zoonoses will emerge , little is understood about either the range of potential pathogens in the animal kingdom or the way they enter and spread among humans .
" We are at the absolute infancy " of understanding the origins of viruses like HIV , says Beatrice Hahn , a professor of medicine at the University of Alabama at Birmingham who last year led the team that traced the origin of HIV to Cameroon .
We do know that it takes three steps for a zoonotic agent to become an HIV or a smallpox .
First , a human must be exposed to the virus .
Then , the virus must either be virulent or become so through mutation .
Finally the virus must be able to move from human to human and not kill its host so quickly that it does n't have time to spread .
Each of these steps is a complex biological process , and each presents opportunities to ward off a pandemic .
Traditionally , however , the study of infectious disease has focused on containing and tracing outbreaks — say , Ebola in Africa , or HIV around the globe — after a zoonosis has started spreading .
( Occasionally , as with avian flu , scientists have identified a potentially dangerous virus one stage before human - to - human transmission . )
When it comes to searching for new or unknown viruses among wild animals — and discovering the process through which they cross to humans — few scientists have ventured into the forest .
That 's what Wolfe hopes to change .
His group is organizing a vast range of field research in Cameroon : collecting blood from hunters and their kills , testing wild and domestic birds for avian flu , conducting anthropological surveys of hunters ' habits , and investigating sudden die - offs of primates in the jungle .
The combined effort is a year - round operation , employing more than 30 full - time scientists , technicians , veterinarians , and IT specialists .
Wolfe 's group collaborates with dozens more worldwide , from the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to the virology lab at France 's University of Montpellier .
The early results have been promising .
The Cameroon project recently discovered at least three unexpected or unknown viruses — all in the same family of RNA retroviruses as HIV — by collecting and analyzing the blood of bushmeat hunters like Sampson .
The findings cemented Wolfe 's reputation in the world of viral discovery and were dramatic in their own right .
But to him , what they really represent is a proof of concept .
Now , using $ 2.5 million he received in 2004 from a National Institutes of Health Pioneer Award as seed money , he 's building a network of virus - discovery projects , using Cameroon as the prototype .
By monitoring hunters and wild - game markets in a dozen hard - to - reach potential sites in places like the Democratic Republic of Congo , Malaysia , Laos , Madagascar , Paraguay , and China , he plans to build a taxonomy of what 's called " viral chatter " : the regular transmission of viruses from wild animals to humans , often without any further spread among humans or consequences for the infected .
It 's the epidemiological equivalent of information blips on a CIA analyst 's screen .
" In the intelligence community , you have people monitoring intelligence and looking for keywords , " Wolfe says .
" Every time a keyword comes up , it 's not going to signal a terrorist threat .
But by studying the patterns , you can begin to understand what you might be looking for .
I study some agents that are very unlikely to be pandemic .
But we are asking , where did they die out ?
What are their features ? "
The answers — assuming Wolfe can find them hidden in the world 's tropical forests — will do more than give us a better basic understanding of how viruses work .
They will help fine - tune disease models that forecast where the next zoonoses will emerge and potentially allow us to contain a disease through targeted education , economic development , and blood - supply testing .
This type of analysis could transform the public health model — from reactive to predictive — giving us a chance we did n't have with HIV .
Wolfe , 36 , lived full - time in Cameroon for six years before returning to the US last October .
He has a bearded , cherubic face and dark curls that cascade to his shoulders .
Around the project 's headquarters in Yaound , he is simply referred to as The Doctor , and he projects an easygoing demeanor — favoring flip - flops and T - shirts in the field and the office .
When he arrived in Cameroon in 1999 , Wolfe had a single contact and spoke no French , the country 's principal language .
Raised in Detroit , he had studied human biology at Stanford and Oxford before starting a doctoral degree in immunology and infectious diseases at Harvard .
For his dissertation , he researched orangutans in a remote part of Borneo , only to venture into town one day and find a scolding email from his mother .
" I 'm not sure what kind of trouble you are in , " she wrote , " but there 's a general trying to reach you from the US military . "
The general turned out to be a colonel named Donald Burke , then head of the Army 's AIDS research program at Walter Reed Army Institute of Research .
Burke had met
Wolfe at a conference and was calling to see whether he would take a post - doc fellowship in Cameroon .
Burke had been researching the evolution of HIV and had discovered several new variants of the virus in different parts of the globe .
In 1996 , he traveled to Cameroon on the invitation of Mpoudi Ngole Eitel , the imposing , mustachioed colonel who headed the country 's national AIDS control program .
At the time , bushmeat was n't considered the source of HIV , Burke says .
But " just in traveling around the country with Mpoudi , it jumped out at me as a possible route of infection . "
Together they came up with the idea of screening hunters in remote villages to investigate the diversity of HIV strains .
Bushmeat hunters are the perfect " viral interface " because of their close contact with wildlife — particularly primates , whose genetic similarity to humans makes them especially dangerous .
Burke asked Wolfe to run that project .
It was , at first , a lean operation :
In 2001 , Wolfe 's group relied on a single vehicle — a dilapidated red Toyota Prado — to visit 17 villages and collect blood samples from 4,000 hunters .
Mat LeBreton , head of Wolfe 's ecology team , recalls using a backpack strap to refasten the car 's fuel tank after it fell off .
Samples occasionally had to be transported miles by foot or public bus over Cameroon 's notoriously impassable roads in a race to process the blood in the 48 hours before it spoiled .
From bribe - seeking highway patrols to intransigent tribal chiefs , Wolfe was unfazed by the obstacles .
" Nathan seemed to thrive on working in that very difficult , complicated environment , " Burke says .
" He was an absolute genius . "
Wolfe would ship the blood samples to the CDC in Atlanta and then fly there himself , spending months at a time examining the viruses in the lab alongside his associates at the center .
They decided to look first for simian foamy virus , a primate retrovirus .
Foamy virus , so named because of how infected cells look under the microscope , had been found in a handful of laboratory and zoo workers but had never been traced to contact with wild animals .
The results of Wolfe 's research , published in The Lancet in 2004 , showed that 1 percent of hunters were infected with SFV .
Whether SFV actually causes symptoms in humans remains unknown , but fears over the disease prompted the Canadian government to begin screening out blood donors who'd had close contact with primates .
Wolfe and his colleagues , meanwhile , were also busy screening the same batch of samples for variants of a virus called HTLV .
More than 20 million people globally are infected with HTLV - 1 , a virus that sometimes leads to adult T - cell leukemia , or HTLV - 2 , a potential source of neurological disease .
These are among the six viruses that US blood banks screen every blood donation for .
Analy sis of the hunters ' blood samples , however , uncovered not only the known HTLV variants but also two entirely new viruses , which the researchers named HTLV - 3 and HTLV - 4 and whose dangers remain unknown .
The implications of those results , published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Science in 2005 , were astounding : Retroviruses similar to HIV were crossing from primates to hunters far more frequently than anyone had expected .
The long - ago Cameroonian hunter who acquired SIV was no freak occurrence .
Viruses , it turns out , are constantly spilling over from animals to humans .
The only reason we do n't have frequent pandemics is that most of those viruses have a hard time establishing themselves and then spreading .
" There were already some hints of viruses emerging this way , " says Burke , who coined the term viral chatter .
" What I was n't ready for was finding them on the order of 1 in 100 people .
That means there are literally tens of thousands of people walking around in equatorial Africa harboring viruses in this state . "
When Sampson tromps back through the undergrowth , he 's gripping a large , bony bird with indigo - lidded eyes .
" Harnbeel , " he says — the local pronunciation .
He drops it to the ground and finishes it off with his machete , then pulls out a piece of plastic and carefully folds the bird into it , placing the bundle in his backpack .
" See how he wraps it ? "
Akem says .
" That 's to avoid getting the blood on him .
They used to just carry them , but this is after our education program . "
Explaining to the hunters how to avoid blood contact is a major line of defense against animal viruses .
For his early research , Wolfe and his team traveled to remote towns and collected from locals not only blood samples but also questionnaires about the villagers ' contact with bush animals .
Gradually , he expanded his scope .
The program now uses hunter volunteers like Sampson to collect blood samples from the animals they kill onto small filter papers that can preserve dried blood spots unrefrigerated for months .
A researcher returns periodically to each village and collects the papers , which are cataloged at Wolfe 's lab in Yaound and shipped to other labs in the US , Europe , and Africa .
Then one of Wolfe 's graduate students screens them for known viruses , particularly primate - related pathogens .
To expand his network , Wolfe has sought out collaborators working in similar environments .
Ann Rimoin , for example , runs a parallel project designed to detect the emergence of monkeypox , a relative of smallpox , in the Democratic Republic of Congo .
Wolfe 's team is developing universal protocols for gathering blood and anthropological information .
The samples will be held in a central repository at UCLA and then sent to experts around the globe .
" I think of it almost like being a curator , " Wolfe says .
Being a curator , though , involves politics as well as science , which for Wolfe means everything from filing the proper inter national blood - shipping permits to convincing the hunters that he and his crew mean well .
In the past decade , bushmeat has become a controversial environmental issue across central Africa , as the growing commercial hunting trade supplies more and more food for the continent 's swelling cities , threatening the survival of species like chimpanzees and gorillas .
Such markets have been found in Europe and the US , too , where several thousand tons of bushmeat are illegally imported each year .
Because of the crisis , villagers who subsist on bushmeat are often suspicious of outsiders who come to talk about the practice .
For Wolfe and his field teams — relying on unpaid volunteers for their samples — that means a great deal of time spent consulting with village elders , making donations to local schools , and developing the stomach for palm wine .
The night after Sampson 's hunt , a Cameroonian project leader named Joseph Le Doux Diffo convenes a village - wide meeting in Okoroba to explain the goals of Wolfe 's research and provide lessons on how to avoid blood contact during hunting and butchering .
" Even a small child in your house can accidentally catch a disease if you have bushmeat there , " he tells the assembled villagers .
" We are not telling you not to eat meat , but bad diseases are out there now . "
That evening I sit down outside Sampson 's house to watch him butcher the hornbill .
He cleans it deftly with his machete , preserving every part of the bird for the evening 's meal except the beak , which he sets aside to sell to local Nigerian healers .
He explains why he volunteers for the research program : " I am a hunter , and this is my own way of assisting .
If it happens that we kill an animal and they discover some drug from this , that would be a good thing . "
As he finishes carving up the last parts of the bird , I ask him whether he considers that afternoon 's hunt successful .
" Not a good day , no , " he says .
" But if I had n't gone out today , my family would not have eaten . "
In a lab at the Blood Systems Research Institute , perched on a hilltop in a San Francisco residential neighborhood , some of the blood samples taken from hunters like Sampson are stashed in Eric Delwart 's freezer .
Delwart is a professor at UC San Francisco and direc tor of molecular virology at the institute — the disease - research arm of the nation 's second - largest blood bank .
A few years ago , he stumbled across a paper by a National Institutes of Health researcher describing a new method of identifying unknown viruses .
Delwart was so intrigued that he began cold - calling labs in places as far away as Egypt in search of blood samples to scan for undiscovered pathogens .
" My hunch , " he says , " was that there were a lot of viruses yet to be found . "
When Delwart heard about Wolfe 's sample collection in the forests of Africa , he knew he wanted to get his hands on that blood .
And Wolfe was only too happy to send some .
One of the potential breakthroughs of Wolfe 's work , after all , is the discovery of previously unknown viruses .
But doing that requires over coming the same dilemma faced by intelligence analysts :
How do you find something you do n't know you 're looking for ?
Delwart 's method does just that , scanning the blood for any virus , known or unknown .
" The key , " he says , " is what we call a random PCR . "
Short for polymerase chain reaction , PCR is a standard lab technique used in everything from paternity tests to criminal DNA analysis .
It allows you to amplify a sequence of DNA , creating enough copies to analyze the strand .
Typical PCR , however , requires that you know the nucleic acid sequence that makes up the DNA you 're looking for .
But we obviously do n't know that for an undiscovered virus .
So , after removing the large human cells and bacteria from a sample , Delwart chops all the remaining genetic material into little pieces and looks at every possible sequence .
Then he uses specially designed bioinformatics software to check them against Blast , an NIH database of all known viruses , and identify any that match even remotely .
Sequences that repeatedly turn up in the blood but show no similarity to anything in the database could represent new discoveries .
Delwart 's work is at the forefront of the new science of viral metagenomics , and scientists employ the same technique to look for unknown microbes in everything from seawater and mud to lung fluid .
" There could be a new golden age of virology based on this brute - force genomic approach , " he says .
" The next human epidemic may come from a sick person ; it may not .
We may find somebody in whom the virus is in the process of adapting .
It may never adapt enough to cause an epidemic .
But the earlier the warning , the better .
That 's why the wildlife and the bush hunters are so essential . "
During a break in the Nixzmary Brown murder trial in Brooklyn last week , Jeffrey T. Schwartz , the lawyer for Nixzmary ’s stepfather , described the predicament he said his client found himself in .
“ You do n’t know you ’ve crossed the line until you get accused of crossing the line , ” he said .
Whether Cesar Rodriguez , who is accused of beatings and abusive behavior that killed his 7 - year - old stepdaughter , could not have known he had crossed a line is a matter for a jury to decide .
He has admitted that he routinely beat Nixzmary with a belt , hit her with his hands using “ all my force , ” threw her on the floor .
He has admitted duct - taping her emaciated 37 - pound frame to a chair and binding her with bungee cords .
But at least in a broad legal sense , Mr. Schwartz has a point .
The laws in New York State , as in the rest of the country , are vague on corporal punishment .
Parents in all 50 states are allowed to hit their children .
In his opening argument , Mr. Schwartz reminded the jurors that most of them had said during jury selection that they had been hit as children and noted that parents have widely varying styles of discipline .
READER COMMENTS ON
" KUCINICH CALLS FOR 'RECOUNT ' OF NEW HAMPSHIRE BALLOTS "
( 228 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... Jon in Iowa said on 1/10/2008 @ 6:26 pm PT ...
I knew there was a reason I liked that guy .
I hope Conyers is taking notes , too .
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... Arctic said on 1/10/2008 @ 6:28 pm PT ...
Thank God we did n't have to count on Ron Paul to challenge .
Let 's hear it for Dennis !
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... Bob In Pacifica said on 1/10/2008 @ 6:33 pm PT ...
Well , let us see if he gets the recount .
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... KestrelBrighteyes said on 1/10/2008 @ 6:34 pm PT ...
Pretty kewl Brad , thanks for keeping us posted .
Kucinich rocks !
OT - Any new news on Sibel Edmonds ?
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... JC said on 1/10/2008 @ 6:40 pm PT ...
YES !!!
Great job , Dennis !
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... Adam Fulford said on 1/10/2008 @ 6:44 pm PT ...
No doubt the morally spineless , and intellectually dishonest sycophants of the Democratic party , aided by the criminal media , will squirm out this one too .
They 'll do as Republicans do because they are either 1 ) corporate whores or 2 ) wimps .
Of course , Dennis Kucinich , being intellectually honest and clearly not a party - line eunuch , is shut out of debates by the fascist media ( with nary a peep from the other candidates ) .
Dennis Kucinich , a moral giant among his courage - deficient colleagues ( as illustrated by their voting records ) will likely witness his call for a recount being drowned out by the horrendous squawk of enraged Democratic eunochs .
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... Doug said on 1/10/2008 @ 6:44 pm PT ...
Awsome , I wonder if Ron Paul will join him .
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... gtash said on 1/10/2008 @ 6:45 pm PT ...
I knew it would take a Democrat to do this .
I was hoping Dennis would enter the fray despite being marginalized unfairly by the party and the media .
I think this is great news .
I just hope he can make it happen .
Brad , let us know how we can help if he needs any .
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... fred w. said on 1/10/2008 @ 6:51 pm PT ...
Brad ,
Have you read this piece Computer Glitch on the AAMVA Servers , HAVA and the November Elections over at ePluribus Media ?
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 1/10/2008 @ 6:55 pm PT ...
AND NOT ONE OF THOSE " 2004 OHIO RECOUNTS " , WHERE THE THOSE 2 PEOPLE ARE NOW IN JAIL !
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 1/10/2008 @ 6:57 pm PT ...
Do new Ohio recount prosecutions indicate unraveling of 2004 election theft cover-up ?
by Bob Fitrakis & Harvey Wasserman
January 19 , 2007
Three criminal prosecutions in Ohio 's biggest county have opened with strong indications that the cover -up of the theft of the 2004 presidential election is starting to unravel .
Prosecutors say these cases involve " rigging " the recount in Cuyahoga County ( Cleveland ) , where tens of thousands of votes were shifted from John Kerry to George W. Bush , or else never counted .
Meanwhile , corroborating evidence continues to surface throughout Ohio illuminating the GOP 's theft of the presidency .
According to the AP , County Prosecutor Kevin Baxter opened the Cuyahoga trial by charging that " the evidence will show that this recount was rigged , maybe not for political reasons , but rigged nonetheless . "
Baxter said the three election workers " did this so they could spend a day rather than weeks or months " on the recount .
http://freepress.org/dep...nts/display/19/2007/2362
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 1/10/2008 @ 6:58 pm PT ...
I am hoarse from screaming with glee !
WHAT a MAN !
omg
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 1/10/2008 @ 6:58 pm PT ...
BLOGGED BY ( bd : " conspiracy theorist & crackpot ) Brad Friedman ON 3/13/2007 6:20 PM
Ohio Election Workers Sentenced to 18 Months for Rigging 2004 Presidential Recount
Judge Says He Believes the Conspiracy Goes Higher ...
https://bradblog.com/?p=4266
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 1/10/2008 @ 7:00 pm PT ...
Let 's interview those 2
Ohio election workers who are in jail !
About the upcoming New Hampshire recount !
And see if they recommend " rigging " it !
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 1/10/2008 @ 7:02 pm PT ...
Brad , can you get them to call in to the radio shows you 're always on ?
Those 2
Ohio 2004 recount vote riggers who are in jail ?
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... Reader said on 1/10/2008 @ 7:08 pm PT ...
WOW !
God bless Dennis .
That guy is my new hero .
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... Reader said on 1/10/2008 @ 7:13 pm PT ...
I wonder if any " kossack " will have the balls to post this news over there or if they have all been cowered into silence ?
COMMENT # 18 [ Permalink ]
... GademVote said on 1/10/2008 @ 7:18 pm PT ...
Congratulations to Dennis .
Let 's prepare ourselves for an all - out assault from the media and Dem standard - bearers .
We are so lucky this " Hillary Cried for Me " nonsense happened in New Hampshire , where the hand - counting goes on in parallel to the Diebold / LHS mockery .
Anywhere else and we would n't have a leg to stand on .
COMMENT # 19 [ Permalink ]
... MEP said on 1/10/2008 @ 7:19 pm PT ...
Damn near wet my pants with glee .
Maybe there is a Santa .
COMMENT # 20 [ Permalink ]
... GWN said on 1/10/2008 @ 7:23 pm PT ...
OMG this is refreshing ( I love Dennis !
especially after just peeking at the DickHeadinMI diary at kos .
( you know what they say about writers , make your readers mad enough and they 'll write your column / blog for you )
Who decides if he gets a count or not ?
The SOS of NH ?
COMMENT # 21 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 1/10/2008 @ 7:24 pm PT ...
Oh .
Sheesh .
I think I did wet my pants .
COMMENT # 22 [ Permalink ]
... A. F. Smith said on 1/10/2008 @ 7:42 pm PT ...
That 's MY candidate for the Democratic Party Presidential nomination that did that !
Too bad I do n't get to cast my vote for Dennis until the Oregon Democratic Primary , which is currently scheduled for December of 2011 .
COMMENT # 23 [ Permalink ]
... Melissa said on 1/10/2008 @ 8:01 pm PT ...
A true act of patriotism !
Woder why Hillary is n't questioning the count ? .
COMMENT # 24 [ Permalink ]
... OMSmedia said on 1/10/2008 @ 8:05 pm PT ...
Sooooo .. if the recount comes back the same , and the undervotes stay the same .... will you post it ?... will you just shrug it off ?... will give up this fear crusade ?
I doubt it .
( Brother of Former SD ROV - and the current ones boss )
COMMENT # 25 [ Permalink ]
... Steve O said on 1/10/2008 @ 8:14 pm PT ...
As an Obama supporter , I would like to see a recount .
But it wont happen because Kucinich cant get a recount under the law since he was not the agreived party .
COMMENT # 26 [ Permalink ]
... Sally said on 1/10/2008 @ 8:18 pm PT ...
Hillary is either been set up as the nominee who can't win the presidential race or she 's in on it .
I personally think shes been made a fool of .
Seen it happen to women in many top posistions .
They are often put there for reasons not known to them , used and destroyed .
I think this is why Fox have been supporting her as the democratic candidate .
They know once she goes for the presidential race she can't win because outside the democratic party gender and your policies on gender are a big issue .
Hillary , look at polls in both races ( primary and presidential ) to see if this is right .
Make the manipulation of the primaries and the scullduggery public .
Go to the UK or wherever to get the truth out .
You can't win .
Do n't let them suck you in to loosing the presidency for the democrats .
Its either that or you have been corrupted and are in with them .
COMMENT # 27 [ Permalink ]
... Joseph Cannon said on 1/10/2008 @ 8:20 pm PT ...
I looked up NH recount law .
Any candidate for president may call for a recount , not just the " aggrieved party . "
Also , here 's the key sentence : " No mechanical , optical , or electronic device shall be used for the counting of ballots . "
COMMENT # 28 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 1/10/2008 @ 8:21 pm PT ...
OMSMedia # 24 - As with our reportage on your brother Mikel Haas , one of the country 's worst registrars of voters ( who never met a Diebold machine he did n't like ) , we report whatever we can , and whatever is newsworthy , and mostly , whatever we feel we can add something to .
I 'm fairly certain we covered just about every beat when your brother defied the will of the voters , and arbitrarily and capriciously overpriced a request recount by a voter , in apparent attempt to keep anyone from noticing what happened on the Diebold machines that were used illegally in San Diego at the time your brother was in charge of undermining democracy there .
More on Mikel Haas , the brother of " OMSMedia " ( Don Haas ) is here , for those interested .
COMMENT # 29 [ Permalink ]
... DerekLarsson said on 1/10/2008 @ 8:22 pm PT ...
Excellant news .
Does Dennis Kucinich need financial support to make this happen ?
Can the BradBlog put up a " Recount Fund " to go toward this worthy cause ?
What can we do to help push this through ?
COMMENT # 30 [ Permalink ]
... MrBill123 said on 1/10/2008 @ 8:39 pm PT ...
This issue of the NH primary and election fraud in general isnt about who " won " or who " lost " it is about the integrity of the system .
A system without the highest integrity can not embue legitmacy on the victor .
When verifiable questions arise as to the vericity of the either the methods imployed or the results produced , ANYONE interested in the legitimacy of the outcome must question the process .
Failure to do so only casts those who are silent as those who care not for the legitamcy of the out come .
People who dismiss scientifically documented abnormalities and result to obfuscations and mis-directions are underminers of legitamcy .
As citizens we granted the right to the government to conduct elections in our interest and when we challenge the exercise of our right we are called " conspiratists ? "
Dare you to fight the Constitution , traitor !
Dare you to deprive a citizen of his vote and dare you to call yourself an American !
COMMENT # 31 [ Permalink ]
... Thick - Witted Liberal said on 1/10/2008 @ 8:45 pm PT ...
There is one honest person in Congress .
COMMENT # 32 [ Permalink ]
... Bruce said on 1/10/2008 @ 8:47 pm PT ...
" Candidates who lose by 3 percentage or less are entitled to a recount for a $ 2,000 fee .
Candidates who lose by more must pay for the full cost .
Kucinich 's campaign said it was sending the $ 2,000 fee to start the recount . " from yahoo news quoting Deputy Secretary of State David Scanlan who said Kucinich is entitled to a statewide recount but , under New Hampshire law , Kucinich will have to pay for it .
COMMENT # 33 [ Permalink ]
... Lance Del Goebel said on 1/10/2008 @ 8:49 pm PT ...
The corporate media rat filth will never allow this story to receive any serious light of day .... the same way they suffocate the Kucinich campain by denying it oxygen
We need a counter - revolution to take back our country from the 1980 corporate fascist revolution .
Until then , America is a sorbid Orwell novel
COMMENT # 34 [ Permalink ]
... Lance Del Goebel said on 1/10/2008 @ 8:53 pm PT ...
Please open or provide a link to a recount fund
COMMENT # 35 [ Permalink ]
... AHiddenSaint said on 1/10/2008 @ 8:54 pm PT ...
Brad may want to look at this .
http://www.freep.com/app...20080110/NEWS06/80110061
A Republican is also calling for a Recount .
Albert Howard Howard , one of 42 so - called minor candidates in the primary , received 44 votes in the primary , according to the official tally .
But at one point during the night ’s vote counting , Howard said his tally was over 170 votes , making him wonder what happened .
-----
Howard , a chauffeur for Checker Sedan and father of eight , paid $ 1,000 to be on the New Hampshire ballot as a Republican presidential candidate .
He is not on the ballot in any other states , most of which , like Michigan , require petitions signed by several thousand voters to get a candidate ’s name on the ballot .
COMMENT # 36 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 1/10/2008 @ 8:55 pm PT ...
Okay that 's it , I challenge this administration to rise up to a better standard .
NOW .
At this point ...
I feel glad we have at least two candidates to represent us in Kucinich and Paul !
Straight forward and
balanced analysis .
COMMENT # 37 [ Permalink ]
... Bruce said on 1/10/2008 @ 8:57 pm PT ...
And Dennis is n't the only one calling for a recount :
http://freep.com/apps/pb...20080110/NEWS06/80110061
COMMENT # 38 [ Permalink ]
... Doug Somers said on 1/10/2008 @ 8:59 pm PT ...
Has there been any TV follow up concerning the convicted Ohio Election Workers ?
If not , why not ?
COMMENT # 39 [ Permalink ]
... WOW said on 1/10/2008 @ 9:01 pm PT ...
WOW !
Unbelievable !
The hand - machine statistics are perfect mirror images of each other while other numbers are perfectly consistent as a system control check .
I am a mathematician .
I can conclude the following : ( 1 ) Ms. Clinton won a 100 million dollar jackpot on a given day of her chosen .
The odds is astronomical to absolute impossible .
( 2 ) God really exists and helped her out .
The only logical explanations are : ( a) The optical scanners were innocently programed to swap the two candidates .
A program error .
( b) The election is ragged .
It has to be one of the two .
It is amazing !!!
COMMENT # 40 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 1/10/2008 @ 9:03 pm PT ...
So the so - called media experts " explanation " of the Hillary / Obama swing , is that RACIST New Hampshire WHITES were afraid to say they were voting for Hillary in the polls , and then in the privacy of the voting booth they voted for Hillary !
So , New Hampshire citizens :
Are you going to sit there and take it , when the media is portraying New Hampshire as a bunch of racists ?
If you 're silent about it , then I guess you are !
COMMENT # 41 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 1/10/2008 @ 9:06 pm PT ...
... and that 's assuming the only 2 candidates were Hillary and Obama !
I think ALL the candidates were white , exept Obama !
COMMENT # 42 [ Permalink ]
... NorthBlg said on 1/10/2008 @ 9:06 pm PT ...
I 've been asking the same question during the last election when media predicted through exit polls that Kerry won .
Then the result came out differently and they quickly dismiss it as inaccurate exit polls .
Few months later , Ukraine exit polls differ from the election result and people revolted using that as ground that there was election fraud .
Exit polls have been used for quite a long time in U.S. and people , including Kerry was quick to accept that exit polls was wrong and media remain quiet afterwards .
Hopefully someone will have the guts to really look into this rather than being afraid of opening a can of worms .
COMMENT # 43 [ Permalink ]
... Bev Harris said on 1/10/2008 @ 9:06 pm PT ...
Careful .
COMMENT # 44 [ Permalink ]
... JW said on 1/10/2008 @ 9:17 pm PT ...
I can't believe it myself .
The question now is at what point IF the integrity of the voting system was compromised did it occur and will a recount be able to catch it and most importantly , wo n't they delay it and delay it as long as possible ?
As far as this other guy who 's requesting it , the media will make a joke of him in a second --- he may be sincere , but he 's better off not requesting it b/c as more fringe people come out for it , it will be a hey day for the media .
Even Olbermann and so called " liberals " will probably join in .
So let 's hope more than anything this leads to a discussion of the integrity and security of voting in this country --- something that I do n't think most Americans think of and probably take for granted .
COMMENT # 45 [ Permalink ]
... danielle said on 1/10/2008 @ 9:24 pm PT ...
bev harris says careful ?
how so .
. . finish the sentence !
what dont we know ?
COMMENT # 46 [ Permalink ]
... Agent_#69 said on 1/10/2008 @ 9:25 pm PT ...
.. Reader wondered ...
" I wonder if any " kossack " will have the balls to post this news over there or if they have all been cowered into silence ? "
( Underneath an orange hat and matching scarf whiskers twitch and a pair of furry ears prick up ... )
Agent # 69 in place .
A coded message to our dkosian EI supporters has been cleverly planted near the top of one of their " dairy rescue open threads . "
Do n't worry , it seems that a percentage of dkosians responding to those threads actually do n't toe the party line .
Now scouting enemy administration defensive emplacements ... looks like it's all blanket forts with occasional pillows for reinforcements ... # 69 out for now
COMMENT # 47 [ Permalink ]
... JUDGE OF JUDGES said on 1/10/2008 @ 9:33 pm PT ...
DaMitt ! ~
I missed the republican Debate Minstrel Show ... again . . .
COMMENT # 48 [ Permalink ]
... Reader said on 1/10/2008 @ 9:35 pm PT ...
( Underneath an orange hat and matching scarf whiskers twitch and a pair of furry ears prick up ... )
LOL !
COMMENT # 49 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 1/10/2008 @ 9:36 pm PT ...
# 69 out for now Max wo n't let anyone have a lower number than his !
You have to be Agent ZK or something like that , and you must prove yourself against the forces of KAOS first !
COMMENT # 50 [ Permalink ]
... JUDGE OF JUDGES said on 1/10/2008 @ 9:37 pm PT ...
Hmmm ...
A schism at dkos . . .
COMMENT # 51 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 1/10/2008 @ 9:38 pm PT ...
And no chewing on my shoe phone !
COMMENT # 52 [ Permalink ]
... JUDGE OF JUDGES said on 1/10/2008 @ 9:45 pm PT ...
99 ~ Heheheheeeehheeheee . . .
COMMENT # 53 [ Permalink ]
... Bluebear2 said on 1/10/2008 @ 9:46 pm PT ...
I 've been on the road all day , just found this excellent news !
Yes Dennis !!!!!
COMMENT # 54 [ Permalink ]
... Bluebear2 said on 1/10/2008 @ 9:47 pm PT ...
Agent 99 , I have requisitioned CONTROL to send you a case of Depends !
.
COMMENT # 55 [ Permalink ]
... IMA Believer said on 1/10/2008 @ 10:04 pm PT ...
Yea for the people !
Yea for Kucinich !
Now will you all vote for him ?
And support his campaign ?
COMMENT # 56 [ Permalink ]
... Warren said on 1/10/2008 @ 10:06 pm PT ...
Bev Harris # 43 : I too would love to hear more
COMMENT # 57 [ Permalink ]
... TruthIsAll said on 1/10/2008 @ 10:14 pm PT ...
Brad , the coincidence is even greater than that .
The numbers match to within .0001 % ! Optical Scan
Clinton 91,717 52.9507 %
Obama 81,495 47.0493 %
Total 173,212 Hand Counted
Clinton 20,889 47.0494 %
Obama 23,509 52.9506 %
Total 44,398
COMMENT # 58 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 1/10/2008 @ 10:24 pm PT ...
Agent BB2 !
It 's too late !
COMMENT # 59 [ Permalink ]
... mike said on 1/10/2008 @ 10:26 pm PT ...
Way to go Dennis and Thanks
COMMENT # 60 [ Permalink ]
... Good Govt Guy said on 1/10/2008 @ 10:29 pm PT ...
Obama doing better in the rural areas while Hillary " wins " in the bigger towns seems counter - intuitive .
Given that all polling would indicate that Obama did well with Independent voters , it would seem likely that this would translate into even better results for him in more urbanized settings .
It might also be worth investigating the results in NH 's college towns , where you would suspect that Obama would have done particularly well .
If the Op - Scan " counts " from those districts do n't have show him with a sizable margin then that would be the perfect place to begin the hand " re"counts .
COMMENT # 61 [ Permalink ]
... Stephen Martin said on 1/10/2008 @ 10:36 pm PT ...
I agree with Kucinich .
This is terrible .
COMMENT # 62 [ Permalink ]
... semperfi said on 1/10/2008 @ 10:37 pm PT ...
Danielle and Warren -- I bet that 's " Be careful what you wish for ! "
COMMENT # 63 [ Permalink ]
... Badger said on 1/10/2008 @ 10:54 pm PT ...
A recount would be great - with a caveat : Chain of custody of the ballots .
You have to know exactly where they are , where they 've been , who has had access to them , and who might get access with a recount threat .
So far I have heard no information about those ballots .
Did LHS have access to them at any time ?
This had also better be a recount of the whole darn thing , no cherry picking of precincts .
If those ballots have had the potential to be compromised , I think the SOS of New Hampshire has a lot of explaining to do .
COMMENT # 64 [ Permalink ]
... CAM said on 1/10/2008 @ 10:57 pm PT ...
Well , I can tell you this .
I was watching CNN the entire night making written notes of the totals of several of the candidates as they were being updated , and at one point Kucinich had one amount and then in the next update , his total actually went down !!!
How could that possibly be ?
I have a sick feeling about this next presidential election .
Kucinich is right .
AFter 2000 and 2004 , 2008 results will not be able to be trusted either .
Maybe it really is the Bilderburg group that decides the presidency .
COMMENT # 65 [ Permalink ]
... billl4 said on 1/10/2008 @ 11:04 pm PT ...
Good Govt Guy # 60 said ...
It might also be worth investigating the results in NH 's college towns , where you would suspect that Obama would have done particularly well .
Were the college students in town or were they on holiday on primary day ?
If the kids were out of town that might skew the result you 'd expect to see .
=====================
Big thanks to Dennis , but as others have cautioned , the audit / recount / 1st count process must be fully scrutinized .
It is very easy to rig the " recount " process to achieve the results you desire , especially if you know which precincts were altered ( allegedly ) .
Will the " recount " be a 100 % full recount or a " random " sample recount .
The random sample can be easily fixed to give you the precincts that were not altered .
I 'm not up on my NH election rules , so I do n't know what percentage is recounted .
I could look it up , but if anyone already has the link , please post .
While I hope there was no funny business , the worst thing that could happen would be to have a rigged recount that " proves " that everything was on the up - and - up if it actually was not .
COMMENT # 66 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 1/10/2008 @ 11:06 pm PT ...
TruthIsAll -
What in the world do you make of that ?
It 's one of the most bizarre things I 've ever seen , to be frank .
Have no idea what it means ...
COMMENT # 67 [ Permalink ]
... semperfi said on 1/10/2008 @ 11:08 pm PT ...
In other words , re-read the part of Brad 's post concerning Nancy Tobi 's concerns .
COMMENT # 68 [ Permalink ]
... Bev Harris said on 1/10/2008 @ 11:32 pm PT ...
The election integrity community is abuzz with news that candidate Dennis Kucinich will ask for a recount in New Hampshire , and Ron Paul fans have been pushing him to recount as well .
Careful .
NEW HAMPSHIRE ELECTION INTEGRITY ADVOCATE NANCY TOBI IS CORRECT : " We have no control over the ballot chain of custody and we have learned the pain from the 2004 Nader recount , in which only 11 districts were counted , chosen by a highly questionable person , and then nothing showed up .
Now all we hear is how the Nader recount validated the machines . "
As Tobi says , " A candidate asking for a recount may well be a tool used to ' prove ' everything was okay and then that candidate will be further discredited . "
I 'll go further than that .
The only way a recount makes any sense at all in New Hampshire is AFTER an assessment is made of the chain of custody issues .
If the chain of custody is n't intact the recount wo n't be worth a cup of warm spit .
TOBI : " This is high stakes .
" You do not walk into a battle ground not knowing where the snipers are , just because you were invited .
Strategically , going into something like this where you have NO CONTROL is foolishness .
" And I say this as one of the strongest recount proponents of former times .
Things I have come to learn and understand have changed my mind .
The recount is someone else 's game , not ours .
" In the recount , we have no control , and we have already lost 48 long hours of ballot chain of custody oversight .
" We need citizen control and oversight .
This is not going to come from the recount .
If the election was rigged ... do n't you think the riggers would have a backup Plan B for a rigged recount , knowing how easy it is to get a recount in NH ?
No .
It is time to take control .
" BLACK BOX VOTING :
The following is excerpted from our New Hampshire election protection information published in November 2007 : --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
quote :
Knowing that the greatest opportunities for election fraud are with insiders , this tells us something about what to examine first .
If you are a person with inside access in New Hampshire , because any candidate can ask to recount any location , if you plan to manipulate the election you 'll want to make sure you can achieve ballot substitution , ballot removal , or ballot stuffing .
You need a strategy just in case someone asks for a hand count .
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
WHAT'S THE POINT OF A RECOUNT IF THE CANDIDATE DOESN'T EVEN KNOW ...
1 ) The name of all companies that print ballots for New Hampshire elections .
2 ) The ballot ordering history for each location , especially those using computerized voting systems and the inventory records for the current contest .
3 ) The ballot chain of custody plan for each location and for the state of New Hampshire .
IMMEDIATE CONCERNS -
We do n't have information on ballot inventory records .
-
With ballots and recounts , it 's all about blocking ballot substitution .
To achieve substitution , you need extra ballots .
If you get more ballots , someone might follow the money trail and ask you why you 're sitting on 10,000 or so blank ballots .
So you need some workarounds .
BALLOT CHAIN OF CUSTODY WAR STORIES Patriot Richard Hayes Phillips , while writing his brilliant upcoming book " Witness to a Crime , " uncovered evidence that an Ohio County took delivery on 10,000 off - the - books ballots in 2004 .
Employees for the Diebold ballot printing plant slipped us financials showing that Diebold was printing 25 % more ballots than ordered .
This could be handy :
If a governmental entity does n't take official delivery on ballots , Plan B can sit at a print house somewhere , on private property and absent from either government bookkeeping or public records .
CONVICTED FELONS
The Diebold ballot printing plant at the time we got records on the overages , was being run by a convicted felon who had spent four years in prison on a narcotics trafficking charge .
No , not New Hampshire 's voting machine programming exec Ken Hajjar , who cut a plea deal in 1990 for his role in cocaine distribution .
This was another convicted felon , John Elder , who ran the Diebold ballot printing plant ; he 's now an elections consultant .
We have so far been unable to learn whether New Hampshire has convicted felons printing their ballots ; we 've got a records request in on this .
New Hampshire officials like to say " The state prints the ballots " but they sure are n't printed in Secretary of State Bill Gardner 's office .
Frank S. , one of the new breed of citizens jumping in to take back control of our elections , took the initiative on his own to help today by spending several hours trying to find the ballot printer in NH .
It may be that convicted felons print the ballots : Frank turned up evidence that one state - paid printing vendor is NHCI - New Hampshire Correctional Industries , a prison - based printing outfit .
New Hampshire Correctional Industries is a job training program for inmates .
After they get out of prison they have a skill !
I 'm not sure we want a bunch of ex-convicts running around in New Hampshire with ballot printing expertise , so I hope a different ballot printing vendor will show up .
Any candidate seeking a recount needs to know this stuff .
IDENTIFY NARROW SPOTS IN THE PIPELINE
What is the smallest number of people with access , and at what points does centralization of access occur ?
WHERE HAVE THE BALLOTS BEEN DURING THE LAST 48 HOURS
If there 's going to be a recount of this magnitude , we need to know whether checks and balances have been followed .
Let me give you an example of what I mean :
In San Mateo County , California , citizen Brent Turner asked for ballot chain of custody records for 2007 ; a six - week gap in the access logs was revealed in the documents .
SHOULD CANDIDATES RECOUNT NEW HAMPSHIRE ?
In concept I love the idea , but as it currently stands , it makes me queasy .
They 're walking into this blind about the details that make or break the integrity of the process .
WHAT TO DO INSTEAD Tobi calls for doing a real investigation in order to take corrective action by November .
I 'm not sure about that .
New Hampshire had hearings on the hackable Diebold optical scan machines , and did n't take any action to mitigate the risks .
New Hampshire knew it was running elections on machines that can't be trusted .
And today , thanks to the efforts of two more citizen volunteers , I learned that the New Hampshire Secretary of State knew about the narcotics trafficking conviction of Ken Hajjar , yet still authorized LHS to code every memory card in New Hampshire .
Harri Hursti himself testified in New Hampshire in Sept. 2007 , urging them to disconnect the wiring allowing reprogramming of the memory card through the modem port .
New Hampshire took no action .
New Hampshire did n't take even the half - step actions other states used to beef up voting machine security .
Maybe there are better ways to skin this cat .
THE IDEA OF A RECOUNT STILL INTRIGUES ME BUT ...
At this moment I can't think of a way to offset the chain of custody unknowns .
The last thing we want is a recount that does n't answer our questions , or raises new suspicions that are n't answered .
There must be a way .
It 's been a long day .
Let me think on that .
COMMENT #69 [ Permalink ]
... JUDGE OF JUDGES said on 1/11/2008 @ 12:00 am PT ...
I figure anyone that pulls this kinda shit is thinking 10 steps ahead . . .
COMMENT # 70 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 1/11/2008 @ 12:09 am PT ...
Then , indeed , why bother with ballots ?
If they 're no good to us after the hackable machine counts , why are we here ?
If Dennis can't handle this correctly , why is he here ?
If there is no way to insure election integrity in too many places , why are we still blathering about being a democracy ?
If it is already this bad , why are n't we in the middle of the Second American Revolution ?
W H Y ??????
COMMENT # 71 [ Permalink ]
... Carol Sterritt said on 1/11/2008 @ 12:33 am PT ...
The situation in New Hampshire is troublesome .
Equally awful is the mesmerizing effect of having the M$M call the election results even though 67 % or less of the final votes are in .
Maybe it does n't matter in the Primaries , or so I have been told .
Supposedly those in charge of the Primary can " undo " it if the Networks announce a candidate as a winner and it later turns out they were n't .
But it sets us up for accepting that the Media should call the shots on election night .
And once ABC or MSNBC or whoever calls the winner , and it is acknowledged by the Powers that Be , we will perhaps be right where we were on Nov 3rd 2004 when Andrew Card announcing that Bush was the winner of the election .
Are we all ready for stolen election #
3 ?
We need to have ech candidate 's guarantee that they will neither accept a victory or make a concession until all the votes are in .
And until they are really counted , not simply offered up to the networks for " projections . "
COMMENT # 72 [ Permalink ]
... Carol said on 1/11/2008 @ 12:41 am PT ...
As Bev points out , many pitfalls here and it could end up a disaster , further " validating " machines and furnishing more hype about why they should be trusted and hand counts are n't needed .
WHO is on the ground covering all of the danger points that Bev raises ?
Has anyone done anything to preserve the ballots at this point and ensure that there is SOME form of VALID chain - of - custody tracking and protection of not only the ballots but also the cards ?
COMMENT # 73 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 1/11/2008 @ 12:52 am PT ...
JOJ says I figure anyone that pulls this kinda shit is thinking 10 steps ahead . . .
Might be more than that , did you read Fred W's # 9 link ? , that the AAMVA computers are puking in Indiana , Ohio and Missouri ?
This little " glitch " apparently reduced the number of applications processed in Ohio , from a normal 10,000 per day to 35 .
Is n't one of these States trying to jam voter ID 's down the throats of it 's citizens via the laughable SCOTUS ?
Go read Fred 's link and tell me that the whole thing is n't a sham from stem to stern
COMMENT # 74 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 1/11/2008 @ 12:57 am PT ...
LOL on the Depends BB2 ... are you saying Agent 99 is an old biddie with that remark ?
LOL ( my quote above is supposed to start out ' This ' not ' his ' )
{ Ed Note :
He was saying that because MEP said he almost wet his pants , and I said that I did !
I better hurry up and post a current picture of me on my blog !
Fixed yer boo - boo .... -- 99}
COMMENT # 75 [ Permalink ]
... ilovemylife said on 1/11/2008 @ 1:06 am PT ...
The New Hampshire Secretary of State's
Election Division William M Gardner Location : State House , Room 204 , Concord , N.H. 03301
Phone : 603-271-3242 Fax : 603-271-6316
Email : Elections@sos.state.nh.us
COMMENT # 76 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 1/11/2008 @ 1:11 am PT ...
Oh , I was still laughing about your earlier old biddies running to the polls to vote for Hillary comment yesterday 99 , and how I could have made a fortune selling Depends to them standing in line ... there was so many of them you know
COMMENT # 77 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 1/11/2008 @ 1:17 am PT ...
Heh .
I 'm freakin ' about the contortionist explanations for this gig .
Blows my mind how crazy people will get to explain away something so suspicious as to be almost positively fraud .
Mainstream America is running around with its fingers in its ears , yelling , " No , no , noooooo !
We do n't have election fraud !
That 's third world shit !
The racist old ladies stormed the polls at the last minute , and if you suspect otherwise yer a conspiracy theorist ! "
COMMENT # 78 [ Permalink ]
... Grizzly Bear Dancer said on 1/11/2008 @ 1:27 am PT ...
Tell you what i make of it .
Prior to the 2004 rigged recount of Ohio ordered by Green party candidate David Cobb and the Independent Party candidate , a PHD political science expert at Ohio Free Press studied the exit poll data and claimed that the possibility of Bush beating Kerry by the tallied results at a million to one .
Bush / Cheney of course did not win but the damage these treasonous murderous criminals have done to this country and our world is still increasing .
I fully believe that this rigged election system is a biproduct of staying the course with the bush / cheney government of despicable terrorists .
Give props where earned .
The fact of the matter remains : 1 . In U.S. elections , votes are allowed to be counted in secrecy by private computer companies .
Even worse , these companies have known ties to the people who stole the election in 2004 .
2006 numbers did n't match but was unquestioned by the Democrats who became the majority in Congress .
Did n't matter because a corporate 1 % er is a still a fascist sellout .
Right Flipper Joe Lieberman ?
THIS PROBLEM HAS NOT BEEN CORRECTED THUS AS BRAD STATED 80 % OF THE VOTES IN NH WERE COUNTED BY dIEBOLD IN SECRECY .
2 . Computer voting machines can eliminate or alter votes , flipping votes when 1st cast or changed by remote at any point up to and including at final tabulation .
Best of all in some instances the program eats itself never to be discovered .
3 . To fully understand the theft of 2004 , that actually happened in the 4 swing states of OH , NV,NM , and FL , you have to understand that massive humanistic fraud happened .
Please refer to John Conyers 104 page paper on the theft in Ohio for examples of the disinfranchisment thanks to star performer Ohio Secretary of State kenneth Blackwell .
No conflict of interest and NO time served for his efforts as co-chair of the bush / cheney re-election campaign .
4th problem deserving honorable mention posted by Fred W at commment # 9 is just around the bend if a voter ID becomes a requirement per the Bush appointed majority in Supreme Court .
This state computerized left turn that exists in 41 states can stop the validation of a citizen 's ID under the excuse of an untimely server coincidently going down .
This is bush / cheney government at it 's finest hour occupying a country near you to impose this U.S. form of Democracy as pre-empted by the commander in chief .
And that 's dictator to you pal if he declares a national emergency since May 2007 .
2008 : Impeach the treasonous lier dick cheney and immediately start prosecution of the bush administration in a world court for high crimes and misdemeanors .
Investigate former secret agent Sibel Edmonds gagged by bush whose claim in the British Times this weekend that 25 high level US government criminals were directly involved in selling nuclear secrets to Pakistan and some have direct involvement in 9/11 .
Dennis Kusinich : Please let us know Sir that you are aware of these new findings in the Edmonds case and your course of action .
COMMENT # 79 [ Permalink ]
... Phil said on 1/11/2008 @ 1:31 am PT ...
It 's just like these corrupt oath breakers to go through all this trouble and fuck - up the chain of custody .
Here we are bitching about the fucking electronic vote tabulation devices and there they are fucking up the chain of custody of the actual evidence itself .
The paper ballots
What the fuck do we fucking need a fucking ARMED ZORRO to protect the vote !?
So abort this re-count ?
Is that the message here ?
Screw the constitution ?
Screw the people because we 've been tricked again by these pieces of crap .
Their " perceived diligence " but utter fucking corrupt ass negligence ?
If these motherfucking SOS 's can't handle chain of custody , throw their fucking ass in jail .
THEY ARE DOMESTIC TERRORISTS
Oh that 's right dawgz , ca n't do that .
Due process and all that fucking crap .
I have message for Secretary of States who are inside of the United States of America and all of it's Territories and everywhere fucking else we have an interest .
If you do n't allow us to vote , and we can't validate our vote , then you and everything you say is now officially nullified .
And yeah sure you can sick the police after us saying some bullshit unconstitutional crap , but you have NOW SHOWN your true colors , you have n't thought this shit through , and you have n't a backup plan .
You can say whatever fucking crap you want , you are nullified by " We The People " you and the fake ass people you put in power are the enemy of state .
Once folks finally wake up to this fact it is going to be a fucking bloodbath .
We now know who the TRUE DOMESTIC TERRORISTS ARE .
and it ai n't " We The People . "
It 's the officials counting the vote .
And if it aint the shitty fucking electronics it 's the shitty leadershits and their crap ass chain of custody .
( Did n't we just get a giant fucking ear full of bullshit from a bunch of ROV 's saying policies and procedures policies and procedures ?
Oh you fuckers really are too much now .
We 've all just fucking had enough of your crap .
What do you want from us ?
Silence ?
Violence ?
Let us all know . )
I had it with all your unconstitutional shit .
Your all fucking miserable failures as leaders .
A BIG thanks to the few people that actually care about this stuff .
There 's a lot of folks laughing out there .
I want to remind them that this ain't funny , it ain't cool , it pisses people off , and it will come to a head one way or another .
COMMENT # 80 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 1/11/2008 @ 1:34 am PT ...
GBD , # 78 Sibel was n't a secret agent .
She was a translator for the FBI .
COMMENT # 81 [ Permalink ]
... Phil said on 1/11/2008 @ 1:35 am PT ...
If the chain of custody is broken , do a 100 % re-election .
All over from scratch .
We have already spent millions on this shit .
Do n't you actually want to get the vote right ?
Any answers to the contrary are domestic enemies .
It 's really that simple .
COMMENT # 82 [ Permalink ]
... Phil said on 1/11/2008 @ 1:38 am PT ...
I do n't care which political party did or did n't win .
I Care that the fucking vote gets counted accurately .
If your against that your a fucking domestic enemy .
COMMENT # 83 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 1/11/2008 @ 1:41 am PT ...
Phil , I do n't think Dennis will fail .
For however goofy he comes off sometimes , he is incredibly smart and I 've seen him get serious as a heart attack .
He is NO wuss .
He absolutely can handle this , if anyone can , and it 's completely crazy not to take it to the mat every time there is THIS much suspicious stuff attached ... no matter what the criminals try to make of it , and no matter how many steps ahead they might be .
He can do it , and we 'll all be behind him .
COMMENT # 84 [ Permalink ]
... Grizzly Bear Dancer said on 1/11/2008 @ 1:45 am PT ...
Richard Hayes Phillips was the associate at Ohio Free Press who findings claimed the chance of bush winning Ohio was a mil to 1 .
Was working on my post before Bev's was added .
COMMENT # 85 [ Permalink ]
... Phil said on 1/11/2008 @ 1:54 am PT ...
Yep 99 I am behind him too right now .
Actually I am behind anyone that will uphold the Constitution as I remember it as I was taught in school .
Not the new modified crap that happened in the last 7 years .
That shit is nullified as far as I am concerned .
If I ever have to do jury duty for someone and I see this unconstitutional crap on them I will not only nullify it I will send a message back .
All these fucking pacifist yuppies are full of shit .
Perhaps if they were required to SERVE this country they would have a lot more respect for the constitution .
I am cussing a lot and that does bother me , but I do n't know what else to do to get this word out .
It 's now or never .
IF it 's never , then I want to know , I wanna know where I can go to get away from these domestic terrorists .
I want out of this country where they have no say , where the wind from their fucking nukes wo n't cross my path .
I say this as a veteran .
I am not stupid , if my country turns into a fucking war zone , I will use my two feet and get as far away as I can .
If I am in the military I will die going against the brick wall .
I am tired of this chicken shit crap that passes off for elections and the " media pass " that is granted on it .
No I ai n't forgot about the Sibel case too , there 's so much crap in play right now , that I almost expect the oath breakers to attack us right now to bury all this shit .
These fucking people ( if allowed to continue down this same old bullshit path ) are going to wipe the face of the earth clean with radiation .
Kiss your children goodbye .
COMMENT # 86 [ Permalink ]
... Phil said on 1/11/2008 @ 2:11 am PT ...
Thanks to RAWSTORY too .
I know they put up with hell of bullshit over the last few years .
Maybe it 's time for RAWSTORY to get a little place in my show at the end .
This will be the new title screen now ....
Sacxtra !
Thanks AccessSacramento .
Org
newsreview.com
blackboxvoting.org
BRADBLOG.COM
gregpalast.com
TRUTHOUT.ORG
Rawstory.com ( HOMEWORK ASSIGNMENT )
An Uninformed Population
Is Necessary for Fascism
To take root
DID CORPORATE Media
IGNORE YOUR CANDIDATE ?
MEDIA BLACKOUTS on
ELECTRONIC VOTE
TABULATION PAPER BALLOTS
HAND COUNTED
PUBLIC OVERSIGHT
VISIT sacxtra !
sacxtra.com
COMMENT # 87 [ Permalink ]
... ROTTEN said on 1/11/2008 @ 2:20 am PT ...
Those numbers look correct to me BECAUSE Hillary won the LARGEST and most densely populated areas of New Hampshire because those were MODERATE Democrats .
Obama won the college towns and basically the SAME AREAS HOWARD DEAN WON BEFORE !
Look it up .
Plus the % points of the victory was less than 3 % which means it is a virtual tie .
Both got 9 delegates .
The woman did n't expect to win and had not written a victory speech .
Move on and stop slamming Dems .
Either Hillary or Obama will be the Dem nominee so stop cutting each other at the knees for the Republicans .
COMMENT # 88 [ Permalink ]
... Grizzly Bear Dancer said on 1/11/2008 @ 2:21 am PT ...
To cut to the chase .
If the frigin diebold criminals are the ones that have had sole control and or unsecured storage of the original physical evidence or ballots totally 80 % of the total New Hampshire vote , how hard could it be to fix a recount ?
Think about it for 1 second .
If you were a treasonous pirate in the business of fixing elections with virtually an unlimited budget , would n't it make sense that you would have evolved a plan B after the rigged recount of Ohio ?
While the election advocates have voiced their evidence of fraud the US election system has remain unchanged an UN - uniform across the 50 states .
So the answer is YES .
The corporate 1 % er that the corporate 1 % ers want after occupying the office without winning the popular vote in the last 2 election in all likelyhood has a backup plan in 2008 to continue the changes they have made in 7 yrs of bushit and increased Executive powers .
My final word tonight :
Fck this bullshit and reject this system of elections regardless of what results are discovered .
COMMENT # 89 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 1/11/2008 @ 2:25 am PT ...
Listen , ROTTEN , it may not matter to you whether the nominee is the one chosen by the voters , but it matters to most of the rest of us .
When do you suppose AMERICANS stop getting cut off at the knees by criminals ?
Surely never if we listen to you .
COMMENT #90 [ Permalink ]
... ROTTEN said on 1/11/2008 @ 2:25 am PT ...
Oh and Kucinich , sit your ass down .
It is guys like you who love to lose like Nader and love to make greenies think losing is A - OK .
I got news for you , it is not especially when we have so much at stake .
Stop being divisive so that we can get one of OUR candidates in the Whitehouse .
COMMENT #91 [ Permalink ]
... MrBill123 said on 1/11/2008 @ 2:26 am PT ...
Have advocates who question the wisdom of a recount , though based on experienced thought there might be a different purpose that exposing explicit examples of fraud ?
Should one honestly think a man of Mr Kucinich 's intellegence , advised by similiar people are not aware of what they are up against ?
That this decision was made in a vacum of knowledge - unaware of the tactics and operators involved ?
All the honest and hard earned efforts have done much to lay the ground work for a public debate - one that has been vacant from the political landscape .
Maybe Mr Kucinich 's action is designed to shed light on a process shrouded in secrecy , operated by convict felons , rife with vulnriblities .
The buzz is in the air on a subject that stikes to the heart of what is means to be a representative democracy .
To miss an opportunity to confront the system at an early stage is important .
Lets see what the back - up plan is , lets see how they plan to cover their tracks .
Let see who steps up or sink into the shadows .
Exposure of atleast some of the plan now gives transparency advocates advanced warning on what to expect and possible responses .
Start forcing the hand now instead of being blind - sided later on .
Stop being one step behind and start to plan to be one step ahead .
60,000 caged voters - too late to do anything about in Fla ... Provisional ballot objections en mass - too late to do anything about it .
3,000,000 " soil ballots " - too late to do anything about .
7 years of fighting modern election fraud and vulnerabilties after the fact has done NOTHING to prevent the exact same system to continue to operate .
Maybe moving on the offensive might work maybe it wont , but the process of taking it to sham artists before they can sham must be done .
Of course I know the deck is stacked .
Of couse I know there are back - up plans .
But should n't advocates of transparent government want to expose the traps now and expose the strategies in advance rather than when it is too late ?
I agrue that what Mr Kucinich stated in his release is exactly what he expects .
If there is veracity in the election process , let those who profess it be forced to show it .
If there is fraud in the system , let those wrong doers cover it up .
We know the probable outcome of the recount .
What we dont know if fraud is present .
And if
there is - what methods will be ( not might ) used to cover it up .
If not to force their hand now ?
When ?
Agnst in the general populous is deep , be it high gas prices , no medical care , shrinking middle - class or lives lost in foreign wars .
What treatens this country 's existence is when the populous no long feels that their voice will atleast be heard .
The detactment between government and the governed has always led to civil strife and suffering .
My final note :
My father has recently started to relate a story to me about FDR and the 1930s .
He was born in 33 and lived as a poor child though the heart of it .
While the world bubbled in turmoil , some moved to Fasism as the answer and others to Communism .
Protests on the streets in America were growning , the trust in government was eroding rapidly .
Food riots , chained out unemployed workers , Hoover - blankets and Hoover - villes .
Hope was evaporating .
FDR a man of considerable means and one of priveldge and position was elected President .
Something had to be done , but what ?
What motivated FDR to start working for " socialist programs " ?
Here is what my father says : FDR said , " He did not want to be the last President of the United States . "
Do we want to be the last citizens of an honestly elected democratic republic ?
COMMENT # 92 [ Permalink ]
... Grizzly Bear Dancer said on 1/11/2008 @ 2:28 am PT ...
Thanks 99 .
Sometimes i get so wrapped up with this stuff that i'm sort of like Belucci in Animal House when when he 's giving the fiery speech to his frat house and references something like when the Germans attacked Pearl Harbor .
I am just so sick of what these bastard have done to our country , i need to help stop them at all costs .
COMMENT #93 [ Permalink ]
... tep said on 1/11/2008 @ 2:30 am PT ...
Those numbers being swapped thing is a message from the person who swapped them , and it says :
Up yours , you cant catch me , I´ll do whatever I want .
COMMENT # 94 [ Permalink ]
... don myers said on 1/11/2008 @ 2:30 am PT ...
it would cost too much - we'd rather have it wrong
COMMENT #95 [ Permalink ]
... ROTTEN said on 1/11/2008 @ 2:32 am PT ...
Well I 'm for doing like some of the states have done and they have thrown out electronic voting machines all together .
My problem with Kucinich is the way he implies some how Hillary is cheating which is not true .
I think the Dems are playing the game within the rules and that means all Dems .
We 've had 7 years to throw these machines out !
COMMENT #96 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 1/11/2008 @ 2:35 am PT ...
Well , right here we have a lot of really good examples of why we can't be keeping our powder dry on the chance that the bad guys would have disappeared votes or padded ballot boxes .
We 've got a huge population of people who are ready to fight or die or move or get hauled off to the bin or drink themselves to death over the loss of our Constitution .
We 've got others who do n't care what or how as long as we can have any Democrat presiding over our " soft fascism " .
Dennis !!!!!!!!
YOU ROCK !
GO GET 'EM !
COMMENT #97 [ Permalink ]
... Adam Fulford said on 1/11/2008 @ 2:36 am PT ...
MrBill123 wrote : " 60,000 caged voters - too late to do anything about in Fla ... Provisional ballot objections en mass - too late to do anything about it .
3,000,000 " soil ballots " - too late to do anything about . "
Voter ID law too late to do anything about .
Looks like the fascist - stacked Supreme Court of the United States will uphold it .
US democracy is a farce .
Without it , the United States Gov't has no moral authority around the world , and certainly not domestically .
No wonder countries around the world are dumping the American dollar , basically writing US off ...
COMMENT #98 [ Permalink ]
... Caleb said on 1/11/2008 @ 2:41 am PT ...
I 'm convinced .
The exact flip - flop of results between the hand - counted and machine ballots shows there must have been either fraud or a computer glitch .
There is no other reasonable possibility .
COMMENT #99 [ Permalink ]
... the_zapkitty said on 1/11/2008 @ 2:42 am PT ...
dkosian diary on Kucinich recount climbs to the top of the " recommended " list overnight ...
http://www.dailykos.com/...ry/2008/1/10/221155/524/
... so a " few " dkosians actually approve of talking about such ... maybe as much as 6 or 7 , yathink ?
To avoid bursting blood vessels while reading the comments on the diary just note and ignore the prolific ignorance and occasions of outright wankery ... and instead reflect on the dozens and dozens of sensible replies to the foolishness .
COMMENT # 100 [ Permalink ]
... Phil said on 1/11/2008 @ 2:43 am PT ...
ROTTON , look what up ?
Some fucking Corporate Vaporware statistics posted on some biased URL ?
Or maybe look up the ( oop 's I dropped the ball again ) Broken chain of custody statistics ?
Right now from my understanding that if the CHAIN OF CUSTODY for the PAPER BALLOTS or the ELECTRONIC RESULTS are broken ..
Either OR Either one .
Then no outcome can be validated .
The only electronic outcome can be validated is if it compares to a 100 % match of a paper outcome .
If one single ballot is wrong , then the electronic vote tabulation device failed .
The only paper ballot recount outcome can be validated if a 100 % proper chain of custody was followed .
( let me explain this ...
Imagine your on a jet aircraft working in the USAF , and you remove a black box to get to your own shit to fix a problem , well you have to write in the forms you removed that fucking box to get to your shit e.g. F.O.M .
Maintenance , meanwhile ..... your about 1 / 2 mile from anywhere you could turn that classified box into a vault to be secured , so HOW DO YOU GET THERE BY YOURSELF ????? hmmmm ?
And no you do n't have a phone or radio ..
I 'll tell you how you do it , you pick the fucking box up and carry it by hand for 50 yards and set it down , then go get another and another and another until you make it back with nothing interfering with your shit or the physical obstruction of the view of your shit during the whole ordeal .
If something interferes with your shit your welcome to KILL it .
and then make a report that the dead thing in the path was fucking with my classified boxes .
But now we have a new problem , you filled out paperwork and put ( cough signed ) the shit into a vault , but now it 's missing .
That 's called a broken chain of custody . )
YET the fucking corporate mainstream media has finished with this and published their results and declared winners and is moving on to SC .
Nobody is slamming democrats or republicans . ( sic ) I say that likely just your opinion .
I know that I ain't allowed to personally attack you , but if I could , I would .
I am fucking sick of all this shit .
COMMENT # 101 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 1/11/2008 @ 2:51 am PT ...
Golly , zap , you sound so mellow !
Have they got you on chill pills ?
You read all that stuff without popping an aneurysm ?
I 'm so impressed !
COMMENT # 102 [ Permalink ]
... A. F. Smith said on 1/11/2008 @ 3:06 am PT ...
Rotten ...
Just think out loud here , but I do n't think the Clintons were behind this .
I think you guys have left some other important data out that needs more preliminary research done .
Hillary and Obama 's votes were n't the only ones affected .
Ron Paul 's vote tally was apparently cut approximately in half too .
Nobody in the Clinton camp gives a rat 's derrière what Ron Paul 's number were , but the right wingers most certainly do .
That actually puts Ron Paul in 3rd ahead of Huckabee .
I do n't think I 'm overstating how many GOP apple carts get overturned if anti-war libertarian Ron Paul finishes in 3rd in the New Hampshire Primary ahead of a Baptist Preacher and the mayor of 9/11 .
Anyone here have a problem visualizing in their head some Focus on the Family Dobson subordinates on the ground in NH losing their mind and pushing panic buttons all over the country when their internal polls showed Huckabee behind Paul ?
And since Jesus already got the voting machines open for them already ... might as well make sure that " Damascus Candidate " Hussein Obama is n't going to be lopping the heads of Christians with scimitars .
Praise Jesus .
COMMENT # 103 [ Permalink ]
... MrBill123 said on 1/11/2008 @ 3:13 am PT ...
I am embolden by the responses posted here - the spirit that I was taught that ran deep in Americans is still strong .
27 years of increasing repressive government and 7 years of accelerated dismantling of the Constitution has not gone un-noticed .
There is indeed a unity of opinion expressed here that represents the same spirit that fought against the tyranny of George III .
Until recently , the US had the best educational system .
I can see the results .
The priciples of freedom and justice expoused by the Constitution and Bill of Rights has not yet been squashed .
There is indeed hope when men and women of all backgrounds , status and position still carry the same fire that forced out the imperial British in 1776 , forged a revolutionary compact between the government and the governed in 1787 , who shed countless lives of bother and kin to preserve the Union in 1865 who fought on foreign shores to free men , woman and children enslaved and slaughted by the darkest forces yet seen on this earth in 1945 .
I for one will continue to defend this Constitution and demand that legitmacy of any government elected be shown without any reasonable doubt .
I stand with other writers before me in unison .
There will be no further compromise as to the integrity of our election system .
The battle in 2008 is more than policy - it is about legitmacy .
Does America still have what it takes to ensure it has a legitmate government .
The names and faces in the government is less important than knowing that they were legitimately placed there .
COMMENT # 104 [ Permalink ]
... wow said on 1/11/2008 @ 3:32 am PT ...
Guys , of course Hillary Clinton was not behind it .
She is obviously and consciously in front of this .
She was instrumental in making sure there was no recount in 2000 and in 2004 .
Her doing this guaranteed her inexplicable rise to power in 2008 .
The way she / bush / pelosi / cheney see it is the following :
It is her turn to get appointed by a fixed system of appointing dictators .
Also look at all her lovely little puppets ( gergen , carville , etc. ) making up every excuse in the world about how all the polls from Timbuktu to Siberia were all wrong .
I mean these guys are spreading outlandish conspiracy theories that give aid and comfort to the enemy .
Will you Clintonian Conspiracy Theorists ( CCT ) stop spreading this viscious hate against the victims in this catastrophic and catalyzing event ?
This catastophic and catalyzing event of elitest presidential voter fraud will cause a strategic transformation within the American people .
This transformation acts as a " New Pearl Harbor " to force them to work together and restore the constitution .
I guess Hillary pulling the trigger and defrauding the American people prematurely has in a way assisted the American people in bringing about this change rapidly rather than it being a slow gradual process .
So in a way , her greed and hubris has added velocity toward restoring the constitution .
That should be taken into account during her obvious future sentencing .
COMMENT # 105 [ Permalink ]
... the_zapkitty said on 1/11/2008 @ 3:38 am PT ...
99 , nope , medication unchanged for the moment and is all vascular and / or diabetes related .
But a recent diagnosis of sleep apnea related to my failing heart explained what I had feared was increasing dementia ... and learning that I 'm just perpetually exhausted instead of losing my mind has done wonders for my mood And they can treat the apnea symptoms ...
COMMENT # 106 [ Permalink ]
... BOB YOUNG said on 1/11/2008 @ 3:48 am PT ...
“ Analysts at the Election Defense Alliance ( EDA ) have confirmed that based on the official results on the New Hampshire Secretary of state web site , there is a remarkable relationship between Obama and Clinton votes , when you look at votes tabulated by op - scan v. votes tabulated by hand : Clinton Optical scan 91,717 52.95 %
Obama Optical scan 81,495 47.05 % Clinton Hand- counted 20,889 47.05 %
Obama Hand- counted 23,509 52.95 %
The percentages appear to be swapped .
That seems highly unusual , to say the least . ”
No big surprise to me .
It sure would be easy to program a 100 % vote swap !
It sure looks like every machine “ counted ” vote for Clinton could have went to Obama and every machine “ counted ” vote for Obama could have went to Clinton .
I ’m not sure such a switch has not been done before .
In the Ohio 2005 referendum the first two options on the list were expected to have about 2/3 of the votes going in one direction .
Almost the exact percentages came up in the results except no votes had the strength that was expected for yes votes and yes votes had the percentage expected for no votes .
The expected results were taken from a conservative newspaper that up until that time had and almost perfect record of predicting results .
The rest of the issues in that election also had unexpected results but were close enough that a switch would not have been a sure bet .
The results for most if not all of those came out unexpectedly but did not appear to be the result of a 100 % vote swap .
The conservative position was the big winner as it always seems to be whenever these “ counting ” machines appear to have a “ glitch ” .
I read about those Ohio results at this site a couple of years ago : http://www.freepress.org/index2.php
I do n't have a clue if that is what happen or not .
Unless the votes are counted for a change none of us will ever know .
COMMENT # 107 [ Permalink ]
... Reader said on 1/11/2008 @ 4:12 am PT ...
There might be nothing to it .
But I think a recount is in order .
All I know for sure is that I really like the style of this Agent 69 ( no offense to 99 ) .
COMMENT # 108 [ Permalink ]
... Lani said on 1/11/2008 @ 4:38 am PT ...
How do we the people get them to recount , or can it only be from a candidate .
Why is n't CNN , MSNBC reporting about Dennis Kucinich ... something seems fishy , like the media is trying to keep it under wraps .
I only found out about Dennis through the net .
Finally foxnews has an article about it on their site , however they are monitoring comments .
Not only do I demand a recount for all the candidates , but screw those machines that have been proved you can hack it .
Whatever happened to good old fashioned paper ballots ... that is counted by trusted officials .
COMMENT # 109 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 1/11/2008 @ 4:44 am PT ...
I have to tilt my head to read this now
COMMENT # 110 [ Permalink ]
... plunger said on 1/11/2008 @ 4:52 am PT ...
Dennis : Focus on Rove and his desire to forever " Swiftboat " the reliability of Exit Polls .
THAT is the entire game being played .
Unless and until they can eliminate the practice of Exit Polling in the United States , it will always be obvious when they steal an election .
No Exit Polls - No Evidence of fraud .
Dick Morris , a career pollster ( who has worked for both parties ) , states in the Hill News that the Election Night pattern of exit polls versus popular vote in six battleground states - Florida , Ohio , New Mexico , Colorado , Nevada and Iowa - was " virtually inconceivable " : " Exit polls are almost never wrong ...
So reliable are the surveys that actually tap voters as they leave the polling places that they are used as guides to the relative honesty of elections in Third World countries .
…
To screw up one exit poll is unheard of .
To miss six of them is incredible . "
http://en.wikipedia.org/...ontroversy%2C_exit_polls
THIS IS A SET UP .
If you are going to STEAL AN ELECTION VIA VOTE RIGGING – you need to lay the ground work – planting doubt in the minds of the electorate through the media shills .
Exit polling has been a reliable method by which to approximate the result of elections prior to the final votes being tallied .
Exit polling has only been called into question in the last two election cycles – but ONLY because the Exit Polling data were not confirmed by the final “ official ” vote tally .
As has now been proven , it was not the Exit Polling data that was inaccurate or unreliable , it was the reporting of the Official Total ” that had been tampered with .
It ’s time to TAKE THE OFFENSIVE where Exit Polling is concerned and reveal this Swiftboating of “ Exit Polling ” for what it is – a Rovian sham designed specifically to condition the electorate to disbelieve the exit poll results ( which will portray the house and Senate going under Democratic Control ) , and rather to only believe the “ Official ” ( FALSE ) vote count .
The Mainstream Media is fully complicit in the Rovian Brainwashing campaign to discredit “ Exit Polling ” as unscientific hoohah , when in fact it is the smoking gun EVIDENCE of election fraud used throughout the world .
Ask International Elections Observers about the value of Exit Polling .
FOCUS ON THE REAL GAME - and the reasons behind it .
This is all in preparation for the main event .
COMMENT # 111 [ Permalink ]
... plunger said on 1/11/2008 @ 4:55 am PT ...
As the 1983 American Heritage Dictionary noted , fascism is : " A system of government that exercises a dictatorship of the extreme right , typically through the merging of state and business leadership , together with belligerent nationalism . "
( The US dictionary definition has gotten somewhat squishier since then , as all the larger dictionary companies have been bought up by multinational corporations . )
Mussolini was quite straightforward about all this .
In a 1923 pamphlet titled " The Doctrine of Fascism " he wrote , " If classical liberalism spells individualism , Fascism spells government . "
But not a government of , by , and for We The People - instead , it would be a government of , by , and for the most powerful corporate interests in the nation .
It seems that facism more resembles bush policy that islamic theocracy ...
Here is the 14 - point Britt definition as posted some months ago ...
Dr. Lawrence Britt has examined the fascist regimes of Hitler ( Germany ) , Mussolini ( Italy ) , Franco ( Spain ) , Suharto ( Indonesia ) and several Latin American regimes .
Britt found 14 defining characteristics common to each : 1 . Powerful and Continuing Nationalism - Fascist regimes tend to make constant use of patriotic mottos , slogans , symbols , songs , and other paraphernalia .
Flags are seen everywhere , as are flag symbols on clothing and in public displays .
2 . Disdain for the Recognition of Human Rights - Because of fear of enemies and the need for security , the people in fascist regimes are persuaded that human rights can be ignored in certain cases because of " need . "
The people tend to look the other way or even approve of torture , summary executions , assassinations , long incarcerations of prisoners , etc. 3 . Identification of Enemies / Scapegoats as a Unifying Cause -
The people are rallied into a unifying patriotic frenzy over the need to eliminate a perceived common threat or foe : racial , ethnic or religious minorities ; liberals ; communists ; socialists , terrorists , etc. 4 . Supremacy of the Military - Even when there are widespread domestic problems , the military is given a disproportionate amount of government funding , and the domestic agenda is neglected .
Soldiers and military service are glamorized .
5 . Rampant Sexism -
The governments of fascist nations tend to be almost exclusively male - dominated .
Under fascist regimes , traditional gender roles are made more rigid .
Divorce , abortion and homosexuality are suppressed and the state is represented as the ultimate guardian of the family institution .
6 . Controlled Mass Media - Sometimes , media is directly controlled by the government .
But in other cases , the media is indirectly controlled by government regulation , or sympathetic media spokespeople and executives .
Censorship , especially in war time , is very common .
7 . Obsession with National Security - Fear is used as a motivational tool by the government over the masses .
8 . Religion and Government are Intertwined - Governments in fascist nations tend to use the most common religion in the nation as a tool to manipulate public opinion .
Religious rhetoric and terminology is common from government leaders , even when the major tenets of the religion are diametrically opposed to the government 's policies or actions .
9 . Corporate Power is Protected -
The industrial and business aristocracy of a fascist nation often are the ones who put the government leaders into power , creating a mutually beneficial business / government relationship and power elite .
10 . Labor Power is Suppressed - Because the organizing power of labor is the only real threat to a fascist government , labor unions are either eliminated entirely , or are severely suppressed .
11 . Disdain for Intellectuals and the Arts - Fascist nations tend to promote and tolerate open hostility to higher education , and academia .
It is not uncommon for professors and other academics to be censored or even arrested .
Free expression in the arts and letters is openly attacked .
12 . Obsession with Crime and Punishment - Under fascist regimes , the police are given almost limitless power to enforce laws .
The people are often willing to overlook police abuses and even forego civil liberties in the name of patriotism .
There is often a national police force with virtually unlimited power in fascist nations .
13 . Rampant Cronyism and Corruption - Fascist regimes almost always are governed by groups of friends and associates who appoint each other to government positions and use governmental power and authority to protect their friends from accountability .
It is not uncommon in fascist regimes for national resources and even treasures to be appropriated or even outright stolen by government leaders .
14 . Fraudulent Elections - Sometimes elections in fascist nations are a complete sham .
Other times elections are manipulated by smear campaigns against or even assassination of opposition candidates , use of legislation to control voting numbers or political district boundaries , and manipulation of the media .
Fascist nations also typically use their judiciaries to manipulate or control elections .
COMMENT # 112 [ Permalink ]
... Dredd said on 1/11/2008 @ 5:10 am PT ...
MrBill123 # 30
Well said .
I will not vote for Hillary or Obama in the primary , however , a call for a recount is about real elections , not play pretend drama by sicko pols .
John Stewart illustrated that fiasco appropriately .
The entity or realm that is in the greatest danger in preznit blush 's empire of incompetence is fact , accuracy , and truth .
These are supressed over and over again .
That empire is Amurka , and it is a blood sucking parasite .
We have to swim upstream to get anything resembling election sanity done these daze .
COMMENT # 113 [ Permalink ]
... danielle said on 1/11/2008 @ 5:14 am PT ...
it 's dejavu all over again .
To Phil : I 'm right there with you , bro .
I have that sinking sickening feeling again just i did in 04 when i leanred within 24 hours of the results that the polls reflected Kerry won and yet after 8 pm that tuesday , Bush numbers started climbing inexplicably .
I will never forget that night / morning when i relaized we do not have democracy here .
To TruthIsAll : where the hell have you ben ??!!
It was your data over at democraticunderground that i read obsessively for days weeks months after 04 .
Are you on top of this ?
So glad you 're still around , and i pray and hope you are in good spirits and health .
to Brad : im a TU over at Kos and the minute i posted about suspect polls and ballots , i was hammered and threatened to be thrown off the site .
Luckily Booman gets it as do other genuine progressive blogs .
so here i am in 2008 with that sick feeling of powerlessness , that not enough people understand the complexities of how their votes end up meaning nothing , that this is just a horse and pony show , that the next POTUS has already been decided for us -- Guliani will beat Hillary by 1 or 2 states --- and that the organized criminals win again .
Does anyone honestly believe that the GOP is going to hand the keys of power to anyone but their own ?
Guiani is their own , complicit in their crimes and the ongoing FALSE REALITY that we continually find oursleves living in will never end until everyone in this country knows what we know .
COMMENT # 114 [ Permalink ]
... plunger said on 1/11/2008 @ 5:20 am PT ...
Danielle said : " complicit in their crimes and the ongoing FALSE REALITY that we continually find oursleves living in will never end until everyone in this country knows what we know . "
This Suskind article ( where he is referring to Rove ) says it all : http://www.nytimes.com/2...03a2a9db7c23&ei=5070
It was during a press conference on Sept. 16 , 2001 , in response to a question about homeland security efforts infringing on civil rights , that Bush first used the telltale word '' crusade ' ' in public .
'' This is a new kind of --- a new kind of evil , '' he said .
'' And we understand .
And the American people are beginning to understand .
This crusade , this war on terrorism is going to take a while . ''
In the summer of 2002 , after I had written an article in Esquire that the White House did n't like about Bush 's former communications director , Karen Hughes , I had a meeting with a senior adviser to Bush .
He expressed the White House 's displeasure , and then he told me something that at the time I did n't fully comprehend --- but which I now believe gets to the very heart of the Bush presidency .
The aide said that guys like me were '' in what we call the reality - based community , '' which he defined as people who '' believe that solutions emerge from your judicious study of discernible reality . ''
I nodded and murmured something about enlightenment principles and empiricism .
He cut me off .
'' That 's not the way the world really works anymore , '' he continued .
'' We 're an empire now , and when we act , we create our own reality .
And while you 're studying that reality --- judiciously , as you will --- we 'll act again , creating other new realities , which you can study too , and that 's how things will sort out .
We 're history 's actors . . . and you , all of you , will be left to just study what we do . ''
Who besides guys like me are part of the reality - based community ?
Many of the other elected officials in Washington , it would seem .
A group of Democratic and Republican members of Congress were called in to discuss Iraq sometime before the October 2002 vote authorizing Bush to move forward .
A Republican senator recently told Time Magazine that the president walked in and said : '' Look , I want your vote .
I 'm not going to debate it with you . ''
When one of the senators began to ask a question , Bush snapped , '' Look , I 'm not going to debate it with you . ''
COMMENT # 115 [ Permalink ]
... plunger said on 1/11/2008 @ 5:24 am PT ...
http://www.arcticbeacon.com/18-Aug-2006.html
A TOP GLOBAL CONSPIRATOR CONFIRMS THE GLOBAL CONSPIRACY
For the benefit of knee - jerk ' smart fellows ' whose minds are befogged by ' slides ' and who will be inclined to accuse the Editor of International Currency Review of being a ' conspiracy theorist ' , the following statement by one of the leading globalist strategists , Mr David Rockefeller , published in 2002 * , will no doubt come as a shock : ' For more than a century ideological extremists [ sic ] at either end of the political spectrum have seized upon well - publicised incidents such as my encounter with Castro , to attack the Rockefeller family for the inordinate influence they claim we wield over American political and over economic institutions .
Some even believe we are part of a secret cabal working against the best interests of the United States , characterizing my family and me as " internationalists " and of conspiring with others around the world to build a more integrated global political and economic structure ?
one world , if you will .
If that 's the charge , I stand guilty , and I am proud of it ' .
As will be seen , David Rockefeller acknowledges that he is part of a secret cabal ( synarchy ) which works against the best interests of the United States .
Why has he not yet been indicted , then , for conspiring against the United States under Section 371 of the United States Code , Title 18 , ' Crimes and Criminal Procedure ' , which states that 'if two or more persons conspire either to commit any offense against the United States , or to defraud the United States , or any agency thereof in any manner or for any purpose , and one or more of such persons do any act to effect the object of the conspiracy , each shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than five years , or both ' ?
COMMENT # 116 [ Permalink ]
... plunger said on 1/11/2008 @ 5:26 am PT ...
It ’s time to raise the level of discourse where the term “ Conspiracy ” is concerned : http://www.globalsecurit...indictment_04aug2005.htm
We ’ve all been conditioned to snicker and ridicule when non-professionals offer theories about conspiracies .
It ’s time to talk about all of these theories and unravel the whole thing .
The Abramoff , AIPAC and Libby Trials are ALL THE SAME CONSPIRACY : http://plungerspeaks.blogspot.com/
Cheney sent Ledeen to meet with Ambassador Mel Sembler in Italy to plant the forged Niger document .
COINCIDENTALLY …
Mel sembler heads up Scooter Libby ’s Legal defense fund
AND
Despite the fact he ’s a lifelong Republican , Sembler held a fundraiser for Lieberman in Palm Beach - in coordination with Rove and the WH .
Connect ALL the dots …
Lieberman is now assigned the task of protecting Chertoff .
How does McCain factor in ?
A New Jersey - based investment banker deeply involved in fund - raising efforts for the 2004 Republican convention , Lewis Eisenberg , is signing on with Mr. McCain .
Mr. Eisenberg is a former Goldman Sachs partner who served as chairman of the Port Authority board at the time of the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks .
WHAT A COINCIDENCE !
It was Eisenberg who passed the $ 15 billion Asbestos Liability represented by the Twin Towers onto Larry Silverstein , the man who confessed publicly to having Building 7 “ PULLED ” by explosives – despite the fact that no plane struck it :
Pull the entire thread and do n’t stop pulling .
The Asbestos liability belonged to Halliburton , having acquired it along with his acquisition of Dresser .
GW included the issue in his State of the Union speech in 2005 : “ To make our economy stronger and more competitive , America must reward , not punish , the efforts and dreams of entrepreneurs .
Small business is the path of advancement , especially for women and minorities , so we must free small businesses from needless regulation and protect honest job - creators from junk lawsuits .
( Applause . )
Justice is distorted , and our economy is held back by irresponsible class - actions and frivolous asbestos claims — and I urge Congress to pass legal reforms this year . ”
FULL CIRCLE .
COMMENT # 117 [ Permalink ]
... Paul said on 1/11/2008 @ 5:47 am PT ...
What vote fraud experts are heading to NH to look into this ?
COMMENT # 118 [ Permalink ]
... semperfi said on 1/11/2008 @ 5:58 am PT ...
Those folks who think that a recount will get to the bottom of things had better read what Nancy Tobi , an EI activist in NH , has to say : http://www.democracyforn...shire.com/node/view/5324 " ...
Proponents and apologists of the privatized and computerized corporate elections often justify computerized elections saying how “ easy ” it is to corrupt a hand count election .
They say , “ But you can always swap out the ballots to get the count you want ! ”
And they are 100 % correct about this .
But only when there is no citizen oversight .
And the only time this happens in a hand count election is in a recount .
In the Election Night count , the first count , the count that matters , all hand count elections have complete citizen oversight as a check against the kind of corrupt outcome you would find in a ballot swapping affair .
But in a recount , there is absolutely no citizen oversight for the entire time between Election Night and the recount itself .
If we are going to assume the possibility that some nefarious super spy has bothered to rig a New Hampshire election , would n’t we assume they have also taken into account our liberal recount laws ?
Would n’t we assume they might have a Plan B to ensure a recount validates their nefarious doings ?
Is it at all logical that evildoers who find their way into our machine counts might not also find a way into our recounts ?
Open and honest elections require citizen oversight .
This is a simple thing to accomplish in a hand count Election Night count .
But in a recount it is impossible .
In a recount , citizens have no control over the ballot chain of custody .
Unless citizens have stood guard over every ballot box from the moment that it was sealed and signed by our local election officials , the recount provides no more assurance than the machine counts .
A recount of a secret computerized vote count is just another weak link in the chain of publicly observable ballot custody required for honest and open elections .
In 2004 , on request from citizen activists , candidate Ralph Nader had a New Hampshire recount .
Only 11 districts , chosen by a mysterious out of state activist , claiming to be a statistician who had found anomalies in the results , were recounted .
New Hampshire officials at the time disagreed with her interpretation but the recount occurred as she directed .
To nobody ’s surprise , the recounts uncovered no significant discrepancies , and New Hampshire ’s system of corporate controlled secret vote counting got a big stamp of approval .
And here we are again .
Another corporate controlled New Hampshire election .
Another questionable outcome .
Did the Nader recount change things for the better ?
Did it resolve the problem ?
If New Hampshire conducts a recount now , it ’s as reasonable as not to assume this recount will again not reveal any significant discrepancies .
Our corporate controlled secret vote count elections will be validated , and we will continue to have elections whose outcomes can not be trusted .
... "
This issue is also discussed at BBV : http://www.bbvforums.org...gi?file=/1954/71260.html
COMMENT # 119 [ Permalink ]
... danielle said on 1/11/2008 @ 6:00 am PT ...
plunger . .
i had referenced the susking article a few days ago for a post at DK . .
i will never forget those quotes regarding " we act and you study what we do " theme .
right now they are acting and the media is spinning and the people are believing .
but i'm not .
thanks .
COMMENT # 120 [ Permalink ]
... analyst said on 1/11/2008 @ 6:21 am PT ...
... TruthIsAll said on 1/10/2008 @ 10:14 pm PT ...
Brad , the coincidence is even greater than that .
The numbers match to within .0001 % ! Optical Scan
Clinton 91,717 52.9507 %
Obama 81,495 47.0493 %
Total 173,212 Hand Counted
Clinton 20,889 47.0494 %
Obama 23,509 52.9506 %
Total 44,398
----------------
To me this implies that the entire vote counting was / is a sham --- the vote numbers appear to have been totally fabricated ( a figment of somebodies very creative mind ! )
Couple this with the Ron Paul " Sutton " affair .
There , 31 votes for Ron Paul appeared from nowhere .
Let me elaborate suppose a 1000 votes were cast in Sutton
So the totals reported would have been 1000 votes with Ron Paul getting 0 votes .
Now that his votes were corrected to 31 votes --- did the total vote count sum to 1000 or 1031 --- where did these 31 votes come from ?
COMMENT # 121 [ Permalink ]
... analyst said on 1/11/2008 @ 6:30 am PT ...
The implication of my previous comment is that it is not that easy to change and fabricate numbers without being caught .
THe totals should match up with the number of voters that came in to vote .
I am presuming that that record is kept seperately .
If the totals do not match up , then the vote counts are suspect as I believe happened in Sutton
COMMENT # 122 [ Permalink ]
... Bob In Pacifica said on 1/11/2008 @ 6:32 am PT ...
I 'm not sure if I grasp why there should n't be a recount in NH .
I got an email , which seems to have been repeated here several times , that we can't be sure of who possessed the ballots , who printed the ballots , etc. True .
Perhaps someone printed an entire duplicate set of paper ballots and have swapped the phony ones for the real ones .
But that 's really damned unlikely .
And the longer we wait the more monkey business there will be .
I will entertain any theory as to how an election may have been stolen or how the evildoers may try to cover it up .
However , I find the argument that you do n't do a recount because they might fake the recount is a rather sad argument .
It 's sort of surrender because you might lose .
And as far as looking bad , people presume you are nuts if you question these machines .
Am I worried about being called a nut at this late stage ?
COMMENT # 123 [ Permalink ]
... Dredd said on 1/11/2008 @ 6:40 am PT ...
the italians italics have run amok ... ... plus there is a background task that is eating up CPU time suspiciously ...
COMMENT # 124 [ Permalink ]
... Bob In Pacifica said on 1/11/2008 @ 6:40 am PT ...
There is no logical reason for Clinton and her people to risk her integrity to steal so few delegates .
However , it makes perfect sense to steal delegates for her in order to sink her later .
If there was a fraud here , even if Clinton had nothing to do with it , this will be a time bomb ready to go off when the perps want it to .
COMMENT # 125 [ Permalink ]
... GWN said on 1/11/2008 @ 6:54 am PT ...
# 109 Floridiot
" I have to tilt my head to read this now "
COMMENT # 126 [ Permalink ]
... Cindy said on 1/11/2008 @ 6:56 am PT ...
W00t W00t W00t !!!!!!!!!!!
FYI I just went over to Dennis 's web site and made a contribution .
He is now my guy , ska-rew the MSM poleeeticians .
I do agree with Brad :
" We would also caution Kucinich and his team to closely inspect the chain of custody for the ballots in question , and what has happened to them , and the vulnerable op - scan memory cards , since the election two days ago , during the period that concern has been widely expressed about the seemingly anomalous results of Tuesday 's election .
It 's important that the chain of custody be both secure , fully logged , and transparent . "
In computer forensics , the chain of custody is everything .
We have to know how the chain of custody was maintained from the point throughout the cycle .
You can bet your patootie that the MSM wo n't be saying a word about this nor slags lit Ed whatsit on Air America , nor that jerk Bennett on Sirius , who this morning was having a spirited discussion on how many times he changes his underwear - ( with call ins ) ........ as Stephie Miller would say on her show - I just threw up in my mouth a little bit .
GO Dennis !!!
COMMENT # 127 [ Permalink ]
... Dredd said on 1/11/2008 @ 7:05 am PT ...
OT Musharraf has threatened US Troops ... have we not paid him lately ?
The fascist phone companies stopped the spying on Americans when the FBI stopped paying them .
Likewise , Lets stop paying election warlords when they fail to do their proper job .
COMMENT # 128 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 1/11/2008 @ 7:07 am PT ...
Dredd , funny you should say that about a background task .
ever since last July when we were having our little discussion about Southworth et al , I have had the same thing happen .
It does n't show up on the task manager , or the running programs , but when I go to shut down sometimes it hangs and I get a glimpse of it ... I 'll get the name of it next time .
COMMENT # 129 [ Permalink ]
... GWN said on 1/11/2008 @ 7:29 am PT ...
I 'm sure Brad , your most " tenacious election integrity fighter " , would appreciate a little $ $ $$ too .
COMMENT # 130 [ Permalink ]
... Bob In Pacifica said on 1/11/2008 @ 7:35 am PT ...
I have been using the numbers at " Ron rox " .
Is there a better source ?
If so , could someone please post it ?
COMMENT # 131 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 1/11/2008 @ 7:43 am PT ...
Here 's McCains new campaign song , he 's a one ball ( marble ) man Link
COMMENT # 132 [ Permalink ]
... RatherNotSay said on 1/11/2008 @ 7:53 am PT ...
( I 've posted here before under another alias , but will use a pseudonym here for reasons that will become obvious . )
{ Still , you will want to have picked out a screen name and stuck to it .
Those are the rules .
-- 99}
I hate to bring this up , but something does n't smell quite right here .
Assuming that this voting was actually gamed , why would they be so blatently obvious ?
These people are experts - they know that they only need to fix it by one vote more than the competitor to win the election , and they 've done it many times before .
Further , in this case , for all intents and purposes , the outcome is irrelevent - by the time the recount is done , many other states will have had their primaries and what the recount reveals will change nothing .
The wide margin between the polls and votes suggests to me one of two possible scenarios - either the polling was gamed somehow ( up until very recently , polling nearly matched the outcome ) , or they were rigged specifically to draw massive attention from the election advocates ( and possibly away from something else ? * ) .
My prediction for the outcome of the recount - there will be some anomalies , but most of those can be explained by mistakes made by humans ( such as transposing numbers or miscalibration of the card readers ) ; the machines will have worked " flawlessly " .
Regardless , the errors found would not have changed the outcome of the voting .
Additionally , some of the swing could easily be explained by the large number of " improper or illegal " voters - we 've already seen suggestions ( real or not ) of precincts running our of votes ( meaning obviously that more people voted than should have ) , and non-residents voting ( a report on this forum noted a large number of out - of - state license plates in a precinct parking lot , and in the same post a comment noting the lack of ID checking ) .
Therefore , the obvious conclusions of this whole mess would be the following : Polling cannot be trusted since it was so wrong compared to the actual voting that the recount proved to be accurate ;
Since there were so many human related errors in the counting process , it would be better to remove them from the process entirely , for instance the calibration errors in the card readers could have been avoided entirely if we had only used touch - screen machines .
Additionally , since it appears that many people who should not have voted actually did , we need stronger voter registration and identifcation laws to ensure that only those that should vote actually do so .
Believe me , the scenario I outlined above is not my desire , but one possible explanation of the evidence that I 've seen so far .
I hope I 'm wrong .
If you have an alternate explaination that fits all the facts , please share it .
( * Note that the polls started changing only a short while ago - about the time the Times would have started fact - checking the Edmonds story {and tipping off those involved that publication was imminent} .
It 's also an interesting coincidence how the Edmonds story started gaining momentum on the day of the primary , and then quickly died . )
So , with that , let the flaming begin .
COMMENT # 133 [ Permalink ]
... JUDGE OF JUDGES said on 1/11/2008 @ 7:53 am PT ...
Flo ~ hitler too ...
This tune keeps playing in my mind ...
It would have to be edited for radio these days .
COMMENT # 134 [ Permalink ]
... BOB YOUNG said on 1/11/2008 @ 8:00 am PT ...
I stated in # 106 that I do not have a clue what happened .
What I meant to imply Is I do n’t have proof that they were swapped .
I do have a very good clue that some action was taken by the machines that resulted in Clinton getting credit for votes one would expect to go to Obama and Obama getting votes expected to go to Clinton .
Here is why I can say that :
It is a very long shot that any contestant ’s machine count will match the percent of the hand count of any contestant that has a different percentage of the hand count .
The more the hand counts differ the more unlikely it is that such a thing will happen .
Having it happened once in any race is a long shot .
Having it independently happen to two contestants in the same race is a much longer shot .
With the hand counts acting as good but far from perfect predictors for the machine “ count ” the likelihood of any contestants machine “ count ” matching their own hand count should not be a long shot at all .
It should in fact be somewhat expected .
If a vote swapping action by the machines caused Obama percentage to match Clintons hand counted percentage it automatically forced Clinton ’s machine count to the percentage that Obama got in the hand count .
If there was no swap then these two long shots had to happen independently .
Without a swap any other contestant could have recovered Obamas lost votes .
Every single one of those lost Obama votes would not have had to go to Clinton .
So what are we to believe ?
1 . That their votes were swapped .
2a .
That two contestants hit on very long shots in the same contest :
2b . The two contestants who hit on those very long shots ( 2a ) just by fluke chance happened two be the two contestants who did not perform according to pre-election expectations ALL of the Smart Money is clearly on option number one .
So I ca n’t really say I do n’t have a clue .
I know where to put my money .
COMMENT # 135 [ Permalink ]
... Bob In Pacifica said on 1/11/2008 @ 8:15 am PT ...
RATHERNOTSAY ,
The possibility of voter fraud in NH is not obvious to most people .
And it 's not being covered in the mainstream media at all .
If this were some kind of setup to once and for all destroy the idea of election fraud in the American public this early in the primary season so that frauds may be perpetrated later then you would expect a lot more reporting to call attention to it in order to slap it down .
If a narrative were being created the mainstream media would be right on top of this .
COMMENT # 136 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 1/11/2008 @ 8:18 am PT ...
Dudes , the Kucinich recount story is on the local news channel down in Tampa
COMMENT # 137 [ Permalink ]
... JUDGE OF JUDGES said on 1/11/2008 @ 8:26 am PT ...
Unfortunatly there are n't more folks like Brad Friedman in public office .
COMMENT # 138 [ Permalink ]
... noob said on 1/11/2008 @ 8:46 am PT ...
Regarding the exact percentage matching of the votes :
Clinton Optical scan 91,717 52.95 %
Obama Optical scan 81,495 47.05 % Clinton Hand- counted 20,889 47.05 %
Obama Hand- counted 23,509 52.95 %
Would it be just as suspicious if the Clinton Obama votes were reversed on the optical as well ?
In other words , Why would the percentage break be exactly the same from hand to optical , whether they give the same winner or opposite ?
Just wondering , I 'm all on board with the need for a " counter " revolution .
Thanks
COMMENT # 139 [ Permalink ]
... BOB YOUNG said on 1/11/2008 @ 9:06 am PT ...
# 138 I 'm not sure exactly what you are asking .
Matching your own hand count with your correct machine count is much easier than maching to that someone else .
Any one match as exact as these is a long shot .
If one of these happend as the result of a swap program the other would automatically happen too .
Without a swap type program acting on the results you have to have two independent long shots happening to these two people .
And you also have to be foolish enough to believe that these flukes just happened to happen to two people who by fluke chance just happened to match each others percentage rather than that of any other of the contestants .
In short you have do defy all the laws of probibality to believe that this was an honestly counted election !
COMMENT # 140 [ Permalink ]
... Linda said on 1/11/2008 @ 9:18 am PT ...
There 's a letter written by someone named Nancy Tobi at http://www.afterdowningstreet.org/?q=node/30018, urging progressives NOT to do a recount .
It 's a very weird letter , and I thought I 'd pass it on to see what you folks here think about it .
COMMENT # 141 [ Permalink ]
... Eric said on 1/11/2008 @ 9:23 am PT ...
I heard Dennis on the radio this morning and he will be getting this recount as long as he can pay for it .
Way to go .
COMMENT # 142 [ Permalink ]
... noob said on 1/11/2008 @ 9:28 am PT ...
# 139 I 'm pointing out that there are two improbable things : 1 : the hand and optical percentages are identical .
2 : the hand and optical results are reversed .
COMMENT # 143 [ Permalink ]
... B CAREFUL DENNIS said on 1/11/2008 @ 9:30 am PT ...
W A R N I N G : Since Obama and Clinton had their numbers exactly SWAPPED by the optical scanners SOMEONE INVOLVED with the original fraud is going to insert themselves into the recount process and insist that the ballot order for Obama and Clinton are SWAPPED as well
This way the recounts will be TOTALLY CONSISTENT and " PROVE " Hillary WON .
This is a DISASTER and Kucinich is walking into a trap .
We NEED MASSIVE EYES ON THIS RECOUNT PROCESS AND WE NEED TO KNOW THE ORIGINAL BALLOT ORDER .
Much was made of the fact that Clinton was at the TOP of the ballot and Obama was at the BOTTOM .
Was this true or was this part of the plan to RIG ANY RECOUNT ?
WE NEED SWORN STATEMENTS FROM NEW HAMPSHIRE VOTERS AND POLL WORKERS AS TO THE ORDER IN WHICH OBAMA AND CLINTON APPEARED ON THE BALLOT ON ELECTION DAY OTHERWISE THIS RECOUNT IS WORSE THAN USELESS .
WE ALSO NEED TO MAKE SURE RECOUNT WORKERS ARE NOT MISLEAD ABOUT WHICH END OF THE BALLOT IS READ BY THE MACHINE .
IF RECOUNT WORKERS ARE TOLD THAT THE MARK AT THE BOTTOM IS THE CLINTON VOTE AND THE MARK AT THE TOP IS THE OBAMA VOTE AGAIN THEY WILL HAVE SUCCESSFULLY STOLEN IT .
SEE HOW CLEVER THIS FRAUD WAS ?
BALLOT POSITION SWAPPING IS THE MOST EFFECTIVE ELECTION FRAUD - NOT FRAUDULENTLY CHANGING THE VOTE TOTALS .
COMMENT # 144 [ Permalink ]
... danrose said on 1/11/2008 @ 9:34 am PT ...
Analysts at the Election Defense Alliance ( EDA ) have confirmed that based on the official results on the New Hampshire Secretary of state web site , there is a remarkable relationship between Obama and Clinton votes , when you look at votes tabulated by op - scan v. votes tabulated by hand : Clinton Optical scan 91,717 52.95 %
Obama Optical scan 81,495 47.05 % Clinton Hand- counted 20,889 47.05 %
Obama Hand- counted 23,509 52.95 %
The percentages appear to be swapped .
That seems highly unusual , to say the least .
I just ran the numbers , using the town by town data from the NH Secretary of State ( who has a typo in his county totals incidentally , but only one vote down for Richardson in Grafton , and one vote up for Richardson in Strafford , so they even out ) and the hand count vs. machine count descriptions from the ronrox page ( who has wrong overall totals , too ) .
The total percentages are n't reflected in the numbers above .
Clinton actually got 40.63 % of the vote in optical scan towns , and 34.88 % of the vote in hand count towns .
Obama actually got 36.13 % in optical scan and 39.22 % in hand count towns .
The only way to get the percentages above are if you compare Clinton / ( Clinton + Obama ) votes , not Clinton / ( entire field ) of votes .
This is just a coincidence , and is n't really reflected in the data .
Additionally , for the hypothesis that machine counted towns flipped votes towards Clinton from Obama , if you look through the data , most of the smaller towns ( Lebanon and Keene ) went for Obama while the larger ones went for Clinton ( Manchester and Nashua ) .
Even within large cities , some wards went to Obama and some to Clinton - Concord was split down the middle this way , but edged slightly Clinton .
Not saying this was a perfectly above board election , but from the actual data published by the secretary of state , it does n't look like the above vote - flipping hypothesis is supported by fact .
If anyone is interested , I have the complete data as an excel spreadsheet .
Feel free to email me at my name above at gmail .
COMMENT # 145 [ Permalink ]
... Alice said on 1/11/2008 @ 9:38
David noticed this article by Dan Mitchell reporting the well - known fact that people in richer countries tend to be less religious .
What about states in the U.S. ?
We ( that is , David Park , Joe Bafumi , Boris Shor , and I ) look at it two ways .
First , here ’s a scatterplot of the 50 states , plotting average religious attendance vs. average income .
( Religious attendance is on a - 2 to 2 scale , from “ never ” to “ more than once a week , ” and average income was originally in dollars but has been rescaled to be centered at zero . ) :
States that voted for Bush in 2004 are in red and the Kerry - supporting states are blue .
You can see that people in richer states tend to be less religious , although the relation is far from a straight line .
There is also some regional variation ( more religious attendance in the south , less in the northeast and west ) .
Second , here ’s a plot showing the correlation of religious attendance and individual income within each state .
We get a separate correlation for each state , and so we can plot these .
Here we plot the correlations vs. state income , using the same color scheme :
Again , there ’s quite a bit of variation from state to state , but overall we see a positive correlation between income and religiosity in poor states and a negative correlation in rich states :
To put it another way , in Mississippi , the richer people attend church more .
In Connecticut , the richer people attend church less .
( See also here for more on income and voting by state , and here for more on income , voting , and church attendance . )
P.S. Typos fixed ( thanks to commenters Derek and Sandapanda ) .
P.P.S. Colors of Iowa and New Mexico fixed ( thanks to commenter David ) .
Here 's the invitation sent out to his e-mail list subscribers :
Melissa Etheridge , Cindy Sheehan , and Reverend Michael Beckwith Joining Dialogue for Democracy Today !
Dear ( Member )
As you know , Dennis is hosting his Dialogue for Democracy during the day to speak with groups , organizations , and individuals from all across the country on the issues that mean a lot to you .
Please join us at www.kucinichtv.com and send your questions to dialogue@kucinich.us with your name , location , and phone number .
Among some of the highlights , Dennis will be talking with Melissa Etheridge about LGBTQ Issues , Cindy Sheehan and actress Frances Fisher ( Titanic , Valley of Elah ) about Peace , and Reverend Michael Beckwith about spirituality .
KucinichTV Schedule for Dialogue for Democracy
11:30 am to 12:00 pm - Dialogue about Animal Rights
Guest : Alex Hershaft , FarmUSA
Guest : Alex Pacheco , All American Animals
Guest : Chris Derose , Last Chance for Animals
Guest : Dr. Elliot Katz , In Defense of Animals
12:00 pm to 12:15 pm - Dialogue about Democracy ( open issues / questions .
bring your issue to the table )
12:15 pm to 12:45 pm - Dialogue about Health Care
Guest : Lawrence Pius , HR676.org
Guest : Lindsay Farrell , Open Door Medical Center
12:45 to 1 pm - Dialogue for Democracy ( open issues / questions .
bring your issue to the table )
5 pm to 5:45 pm - Dialogue about Spirituality - what values and ethics do we hold as a nation ?
Guest : Alex Grey , CoSM
Guest : Reverend Michael Beckwith , Agape International Spiritual Center 5:45 pm to 6 pm - Dialogue about Democracy ( open issues / questions .
bring your issue to the table )
6 pm to 6:45 pm- Dialogue about Peace
Special Guest : Cindy Sheehan , Peace Activist
Special Guest : Frances Fisher , Actress and Peace Activist
Dialogue with LGBTQ Issues
Special Guest : Melissa Etheridge , Singer / Songwriter and LGTBQ activist
Dialogue for Democracy ( open issues / questions .
bring your issue to the table )
7 pm to 8:15 pm - Dialogue with Impeachment
Guest : David Swanson , President of AfterDowningStreet.org
8:15 to 8:45 pm Dialogue for Democracy ( open issues / questions .
bring your issue to the table )
8:45 to 9 pm - Dialogue for Democracy Conclusion
Dennis looks forward to listening to and addressing your issues as we engage in this Dialogue for Democracy .
Please join us at www.kucinichtv.com and send your questions to dialogue@kucinich.us .
Thank you , and see at the Dialogue !
Strength Through Peace
The Kucinich Campaign
If a doctor declares that the normal progression of your condition gives you less than six months to live , you can opt for hospice , where they do n’t even try to cure your condition , but just try to make your remaining days as comfortable and meaningful as possible .
According to this paper ( ungated here ) from the March Journal of Pain and Symptom Management , choosing a hospice makes you live longer .
We studied the difference of survival periods of terminally ill patients between those using hospices and not using hospices . …
We analyzed the survival of 4493 patients from a sample of 5 % of the entire Medicare beneficiary population for 1998 - 2002 associated with six narrowly defined indicative markers .
For the six patient populations combined , the mean survival was 29 days longer for hospice patients than for nonhospice patients .
The mean survival period was also significantly longer for the hospice patients with CHF , lung cancer , pancreatic cancer , and marginally significant for colon cancer ( P = 0.08 ) .
Mean survival was not significantly different ( statistically ) for hospice vs. nonhospice patients with breast or prostate cancer .
I ’m not entirely happy with they way they did their analysis , but it is certainly intruiging .
Hat tip to my wife , who works in a hospice .
GD Star Rating
loading ...
金曜日は歌のレッスンとゼミと会議。
１年生のゼミはとっても面白い。
今日のテーマは 「 食文化 」 。
「 スローフード 」 とか「 食品偽装」とか「食べ物」ネタが女子学生たちは好きである。
イタリア料理はどうしてこんなに美味しいのかという剛直球一本勝負のプレゼンがある。
もちろん、大学一年生の諸君のプレゼンであるから、どうしてイタリア料理が美味しいのかについて私を納得させられる説明を期待することはむずかしい。
イタリア人はそうやって彼らの伝統的な食文化を守っているのですというような定型的なフィニッシュのあとに「それは違うよ」と申し上げる。
まず学生諸君に質問だ。
次の食材のうちヨーロッパ原産のものはどれであろうか。
トマト
タマネギ
オリーブ
ジャガイ モ
キャベツ
小麦
胡椒
唐辛子
ヨーロッパ原産というときの原産はとりあえず「紀元前後にはもう地中海世界で食されていた」という「ゆるい」定義にしておいてよい。
では一分間差し上げるから考えてみたまえ。
はい一分経ちました 。
この中で植物学的な意味でヨーロッパ原産のものはオリーブとキャベツだけである。
小麦は西アジア原産、タマネギも中央アジア原産。ただし、どちらも紀元前にはすでに地中海世界に到来しているので、ヨーロッパの食材と言ってよろしいであろう。
しかし、残りは違う 。
イタリア料理に欠かせないトマトはごく最近導入された食材である。イタリアの食文化はトマト抜きでは考えられないということでよろしいなら、私たちが「イタリアン」と呼ぶものは１８世紀以前には遡ることができぬのである。
コルテスがメキシコから種を帰ったのが始まりであるとされている。
有毒植物であるベラドンナに似ているため、最初は有毒のものとみなされ、もっぱら観賞用とされたが、イタリアで貧困層のために食用にようと考える人が現れ、200 年にも及ぶ品種改良を経て現在のかたちとなった。
ヨーロッパで広く食用に供されるのは１８世紀以降のことである。
ジャガイモも１６世紀にスペイン人がヨーロッパに持ち込んだものである。
唐辛子の 種は１４９３年にコロンブスが新大陸からヨーロッパに持ち帰った。
インド原産の胡椒がヨーロッパの食卓にふつうの食材として登場したのは大航海時代以降である。
これで分かるだろう 。
どうしてイタリア料理が美味しいのか。
それは大航海時代に世界中の食材がジェノヴァ、ベネチア、ナポリなどのイタリアの貿易港に集まってきたからである。
世界中から到来する奇々怪々なる食材をかたっぱしから調理してしまったということによってイタリア料理はそのレシピを豊かなものにしていったのである。
食文化を高めるというのは、食材や料理法の伝統を墨守することではない。
もし地中海世界のヨーロッパ人たちが彼らの「伝統的な食文化」を後生大事に守っていたら、私たちの食膳にはジャガイモもトマトも唐辛子も胡椒も載っていないのである。
しかし、イタリア料理はある段階でそのダイナミックな進化のプロセスを止めてしまった。
もう十分に美味しいもののレシピを満たしたから、これはこれで「上がり」になってもよろしいであろう。
それから後、外部から到来する食材をかたっぱしから調理し、あらゆる調理法を試すという「食文化のアヴァンギャルド」を担っているのは自慢するわけではないが、わが豊葦原瑞穂の国である。
食文化と は 「 守る」ものではない。
それは創り出すものである。
その点で私は 「伝統的な食文化を守りましょう」というイタリア発のスローフード運動のスローガンにあまりよい感じを持つことができないのである。
大航海時代のイタリア人の無節操な悪食によって洗練の極みに達した食文化である。いまさら「外来の変てこな食い物は食べるべきではない」とか言い出すのはことの筋目がおかしいのではないか。
もちろん、これ以上改良の余地のない食材やレシピというものは存在する（自転車やこうもり傘や鋏やミシンのように・・・って、ロートレアモンが並べた「無関係グッズ」って「これ以上改良の余地のないもの」という点では同一カテゴリーに属するものだったんだね。これはお父さん今日まで気づきませんでした）。
だから、あらゆる食文化は日に日に変化を遂げてゆかねばならぬ、というような無体なことを私は言いたいわけではない。
改良の余地のないまでに洗練の極に達するということはあるだろう。
それはそれで大切にしたい。
けれども、人間が作り出すもののほとんどにはつねに改良の余地があると私は思う。
そして、改良はつねに外部から到来するものに対する開放というかたちを取るのである。
授業のあとは７時半まで長い会議。
途中、議長席ではないところで坐る機会があったので、たちまち爆睡。
疲れているのである 。
身体の芯の方に 「どよん」と疲れがわだかまっている。
休みたいけれど、議題が議題だけにそうもゆかない。
いつになったらゆっくり休める日が来るのであろうか。
--------
The duo were carrying unloaded firearms as they filmed a scene in a rough suburb of the capital Luanda , director Radical Ribeiro told AFP news agency .
He said police roared up to the set and began shooting at close range .
Angolan officials have not commented on the incident .
Mr Ribeiro says he had permission to film in the area .
Mr Ribeiro told AFP that police arrived at the scene in a pick - up truck and " started shooting at everybody at close range " .
He was " stunned " when he saw the two actors fall down , he added .
" They went on shooting until I shouted out : ' Please do n't shoot , this is a movie . ' "
The officers then stopped firing and left without attending to the wounded , who were taken to hospital , Mr Ribeiro said .
The pursuit of fans :
How far is far enough for the NHL ?
Some sports fans in the United States do n't know who Sidney Crosby is .
Terry Frei wonders if that 's such a bad thing .
Attendance figures
Want to know the attendance figures for every team so far this season ?
Sort through every arena 's numbers for 2007 - 08 .
NHL attendance
Arguing over whether the NHL's Sun Belt expansion , which was in motion before Gary Bettman took over but still is considered part of the commissioner 's manifesto , is fair as long as it's accompanied with the admission that mediocre hockey at high ticket prices scares away fans in Original Six cities and other " traditional " markets , as well .
Settle for making conversions , one at a time .
Terry Frei is a regular contributor to ESPN.com .
He is the author of the just - released " ' 77 " and " Third Down and a War to Go . "
# 401556 +( 2820 ) - [ X ] < BlueStar > my dad used to leave the dish on the porn channels
< BlueStar > so i'd turn it on and there 'd be porn
< BlueStar > i was always like " augh ! ! "
< hotdogcore > eww
< BlueStar > then i discovered the internet ... haha .
< hotdogcore > ta da
< hotdogcore > !
< BlueStar > my mom walks in as I 've got like 10 windows of BME hard open
< BlueStar >
I 'm usin win 98 at that time
< hotdogcore > ahahahaha
< BlueStar > so i try to click the desktop icon
< BlueStar > and its too slow
< BlueStar > so i turn my computer off
< BlueStar > she yelled at me : " you 're going to get bad sectors !
if you 're looking at porn you dont ' want me to see , turn off your monitor ! "
< BlueStar > .... I got bad sectors .
< mal > HAHAHAHAHA
< hotdogcore > bahaha
SCIENTOLOGY CENSOR SOFTWARE CRACKED !
This is the cracked ban lists for the Scientology censorware software ( aka ScenioSitter ) - all thanks go to the guys at http://fravia.org/saruma1.htm who cracked CyberSitter - and Anti-Cult who found their page .
ScenioSitter is still being analyzed by critics of the cult , new information will be added to this site .
All ban site addresses , newsgroups , names and words are exactly as extracted from ScenioSitter .
Comments and hypertext links in this list are added for your convinience .
Links to peoples mail addresses are only added when the person has agreed to us adding it .
Send an e-mail to heldal@online.no if you have comments to add or want your name linked to your e-mail address / site .
Thanks to all of you who have contributed so far , and especially to all of those involved in cracking the software and getting copies of it out of the cult !
Words in [ ] brackets are in tests been censored by ScenioSitter ( blanked out in the text ) .
If a Scientologist get a mail with the two following lines :
" Take a look at the page http://www.auburn.edu/~cancer/
It has a good page on breast cancer .
Why not send them a mail ? "
" Take a look at the page http :// . . /~ cancer /
It has a good page on breast cancer .
Why end them a mail ? "
The domain name in this example is censored and so are the combination of the four letters " NOTS " .
" NOTS " is in the ban list since that is a secret and expencive Scientology level .
One can only imagine all the weird web pages and mails this will result in .
This does not only work on incoming communication , it also filters an censors everything going out !
Words in { } brackets seems to be words that cause the connection to close down .
If a Scientologist is using IRC and somebody writes the world " xenu " or " clambake " in the channel , the Scientologist will be disconnected from IRC .
The check against the ban list is done at Winsock level so this affects all software used to access Internet .
It is not detectable as a service or a process on the computer .
DO YOU KNOW PEOPLE OR ISP'S ON THIS SCIENTOLOGY BAN LIST ?
TELL THEM THEY ARE BEING CENSORED !
List of what makes the CensorWare program react :
From d32l.dll - sites Scientologists can't see :
LIST OF SITES : ADDED COMMENTS : [ alfa.ist.utl.pt ] [ allison.clark.net ] [ alnadeem.com/link ] [ ww2.altavista.digital.com ]
Famous search engine . [ amazing.com ] [ ambassadorformankind.org ] [ apollo.co.uk ] [ art-org.com ] [ barroom.visionsystems.com ] [ bbcnc.org ] [ berlin.snafu.de ]
German domain with known critics . [ blkbox.com ] [ bsd.mojones.com ] [ caboose.com ] [ cam053212.student.utwente ] [ cdnet.com ] [ come.to/irc ] [ comfind.com ] [ copper.ucs.indiana.edu ]
Scott Goehring 's original posting site from at least 1994 [ csulib.ctstateu.edu ] [ customer.gte.net ] [ cyberconnect.com ] [ dra.library.ualberta.ca ] [ ducatalog.lib.duke.edu ] [ ee1.bradley.edu ] [ eng.bu.edu ] [ entheta.net ]
Critical site .
[ eunet.bda.de ] [ factnet.net ]
Critical site . [ freethought.tamu.edu ]
Freethought site .
[ freezone.de ] [ freezone.org ] [ fsinfo.cs.uni-sb.de ] [ fza.org ] [ gagme.wwa.com ] [ galaxy.einet.net ] [ gamma1.magnet.fsu ] [ gil.ipswichcity.qld.gov.au ] [ gnv.fdt.net ] [ gopher.well.sf.ca.us ] [ home.icon.fi ] [ home.online.no ]
The biggest ISP in Norway , home base of Operation Clambake . [ home.pi.ne ] [ home.sn.no ]
Old Norwegian ISP domain . [ home.sol.no ]
The server with customers home pages for the biggest ISP in Norway .
[ home.wxs.nl ] [ home1.swipnet.se ]
Swedish ISP . [ homepage.cistron.nl ] [ homepage.cistron ] [ homepages.skylink.net ] [ huizen.dds.nl ] [ ibm.rhrz.uni-bonn.de ] [ infotique.lm.com ] [ inktomi.berkeley.edu ] [ isotropic.com ] [ jade.bucknell.edu ] [ janus2.uoregon.edu ] [ js.stir.ac.uk ] [ julmara.ce.chalmers.se ]
Chalmers University of Technology , Sweden [ kafka.uvic.ca ] [ kalypso.cybercom.net ] [ katharine.liswa.wa.gov.au ] [ kauhajoki.fi ] [ kentlink.kent ] [ lagavulin.xs4all.nl ] [ lapphp0.in2p3 ] [ lermanet.com ]
Critical site .
[ lib7.fisher.su.oz ] [ libra.brhs.gen.tn ] [ libraries.colorado ] [ library.ucsc.edu ] [ library.uow.edu.au ] [ library.uq.edu ] [ library.utulsa.edu ] [ linkmaster.com ] [ lola.plymouth ] [ louis.brandeis ] [ mail.bris.ac ] [ mama.indstate.edu ] [ marlowe.wimsey.com ] [ mason.gmu.edu ] [ mckinley.com ] [ mediaport.org ] [ mercury.uakron.edu ] [ merlion.singnet.com.sg ] [ metroscope.com ] [ miles.ep2.ruhr-uni-bochum.de ] [ minnow.razorfish.com ] [ minyos.its.rmit.edu.au ] [ miso.wwa.com ] [ muse.library.carleton ] [ newtoo.manifest.com ] [ oakharbor.net ] [ oka.ucr.edu ] [ olc1.ohiolink ] [ one-global.com ] [ orion.it.luc.edu ] [ ourworld.compuserve.com ] [ pactech.ucsd.edu ] [ parsys.cs.cmu.edu ] [ peconic.net ] [ pegasus.acs.ttu.edu ] [ pharos.uwc.edu ] [ pw1.netcom.com ] [ qlink.queensu.ca ] [ rainbow.rmii.com ]
Bob Penny and Larry Wollersheim have used this site [ rampages.onramp ] [ regen.regent.edu ] [ remarkable.amazing.com ] [ sabio.library.Arizona.edu ] [ search.dejanews.com ] [ sefl.satelnet.org ] [ sf.www.lysator.liu.se]
Linköpings University , Sweden .
[ sky.fit.qut.edu.au ] [ sluggo.iaxs ] [ starbase.neosoft.com ]
American ISP , a couple of critics have pages there .
[ student.uq.edu.au ] [ suburbia.net ]
Australian site where David Gerard had some critical material [ superlink.net ] [ swissnet.ai.mit.edu ]
Contains information on Pretty Good Privacy ( PGP ) .
Could it be that the Co$ is afraid of encryption ?
[ thebiglist.com ] [ thingy.apana.org.au ]
Another Australian site with material from David Gerard [ turbo.kean.edu ] [ users.aimnet.com ] [ utcat.library.utoronto.ca ] [ village.vossnet.co.uk ]
UK ISP with Hartley Patterson 's critical pages .
[ vortex.netbistro.com ] [ w2.dejanews.com ] [ w3.ietc.ca ] [ w3.one.net ] [ w4u.eexi.gr ] [ web.nexor.co.uk ] [ weber.u.washington ] [ webpointer.iworld ] [ web-star.com ] [ webwise.walcoff.com ] [ winnie.math.tu-berlin ] [ wit389310.student.utwente.nl ] [ wpxx02.toxi.uni-wuerzburg.de ] [ www.1mall.com] [ www.2ask.com] [ www.ability.org.uk] [ www.access.ch] [ www.ahandyguide.com] [ www.ahoynet.com] [ www.aip.org] [ www.aladin.wrlc] [ www.algonet.se]
Swedish ISP , some critic have accounts here .
[ www.amazing.com]
David Dennis has Co$ critical information here .
[ www.amsmain.com] [ www.anatomy.su.oz] [ www.anthrax.net] [ www.apana.org.au] [ www.aqui.ibm.com] [ www.arrowweb.com] [ www.arscc.com]
Critical site . [ www.astronomy.ohio-state] [ www.auburn.edu] [ www.avalon.demon.co.uk] [ www.aztec.co.za] [ www.bart.nl] [ www.bayern.de] [ www.bellnet.com] [ www.best.com] [ www.bielefeld.netsurf.de] [ www.biography.com] [ www.bizcom.com] [ www.bizweb.com] [ www.blvl.igs.net] [ www.bodensee-surfer.de] [ www.borg.com] [ www.bostonherald.com] [ www.brotherblue.org] [ www.caesar.elte.hu] [ www.caip.rutgers.edu] [ www.callaw.com] [ www.canvest.com] [ www.ccnet.com] [ www.cedar.net] [ www.cen.uiuc.edu] [ www.cforc.com] [ www.cgocable.net] [ www.channel1.com] [ www.charlies-playhouse.ch] [ www.cis.ohio-state.edu] [ www.cis.upenn.edu] [ www.cistron.nl] [ www.clark.net] [ www.clever.net] [ www.clinet ] [ www.club.innet.be] [ www.cmu.edu] [ www.com.au] [ www.comfo.ca] [ www.copper.ucs.indiana] [ www.core.binghamton.edu] [ www.counsel.com] [ www.crl.com] [ www.cs.cmu.edu] [ www.cs.colostate.edu] [ www.cs.ruu] [ www.cs.utwente.nl] [ www.csclub.uwaterloo.ca] [ www.csj.org] [ www.ctaz.com] [ www.cybercom.net] [ www.cyber-espace.com] [ www.cyberspc.mb.ca] [ www.dataweb.net] [ www.dci.dk] [ www.dds.nl] [ www.dejanews.com]
Newsserver on the WWW . [ www.demon.co.uk]
UK biggest ISP , with two known critical home pages .
[ www.demon.co] [ www.df.lth.se]
Lund University and Lund Institute of Technology , Sweden . [ www.dgl.com] [ www.diku.dk] [ www.directory.net] [ www.dsdelft.nl] [ www.dtek.chalmers.se]
Chalmers University of Technology , Sweden [ www.eclipse.net] [ www.ecst.csuchico.edu] [ www.education-world.com] [ www.ee.ualberta.ca] [ www.eecs.nwu.edu] [ www.egr.uh.edu] [ www.emory.edu] [ www.empire.net] [ www.entheta.net]
Critical site . [ www.eskimo.com] [ www.euronet.nl] [ www.europa.com] [ www.ezlink.com] [ www.factnet.net]
Critical site . [ www.flashback.se]
Swedish internetpaper . [ www.freezone.de] [ www.freezone.org] [ www.funet.fi] [ www.gate.net]
Hosts critical pages by Jeff Lee. [ www.germany-live.de] [ www.gil.com.au] [ www.globalxs.nl] [ www.god.co.uk] [ www.gold.net] [ www.gonix.com] [ www.guardian.co] [ www.haas.berkeley.edu] [ www.hackerz.org] [ www.hansenet.de] [ www.hartford-hwp.com] [ www.hcc.hawaii.edu] [ www.he.net] [ www.helsinki.fi] [ www.henge.com] [ www.hha.dk] [ www.hol.fr] [ www.homecom.com] [ www.i1.net] [ www.iaehv.nl] [ www.ibg.uu.se]
Uppsala University , Sweden . [ www.ids.net] [ www.iea.com] [ www.ietc.ca] [ www.i-explorer.com] [ www.ifp.uni-stuttgart.de] [ www.iguide.com] [ www.iinet.net.au] [ www.iinet.net.au] [ www.imaginet.fr] [ www.imall.com] [ www.imsworld.com] [ www.incoma.ru] [ www.indobiz.com] [ www.indstate.edu] [ www.infidels.org] [ www.infinet.com] [ www.informan.demon.co.uk] [ www.inka.de] [ www.inlink.com] [ www.innosoft.com] [ www.inx.de] [ www.io.com] [ www.io.org] [ www.ipswichcity.qld.gov] [ www.iquest.net] [ www.islandnet.com] [ www.jmas.co] [ www.jpscott.demon.co.uk] [ www.jritson.demon.co.uk] [ www.juhessen.de] [ www.jumpcity.com] [ www.junge-union.de] [ www.keytech.com] [ www.kingworld.com] [ www.komando.com] [ www.landfield.com] [ www.lclark.edu] [ www.lermanet.com]
Critical site . [ www.lexiconn.com] [ www.lib.monash.edu.au] [ www.lib.ox.ac.uk] [ www.lightlink.com] [ www.linkstar.com] [ www.lns.nl] [ www.luna.nl] [ www.magna.com.au] [ www.magpie.co.uk] [ www.matador.recs.com] [ www.maths.tcd.ie] [ www.mbmarktconscom ] [ www.mcp.com] [ www.mesa1.com] [ www.metaworld.com] [ www.mid ] [ www.mit.edu] [ www.mlode.com] [ www.mopo.de] [ www.mpikg-teltow.mpg.de] [ www.multiweb.nl] [ www.mygale.org] [ www.ncf.carleton.ca] [ www.necronomi.com] [ www.NeoSoft.com] [ www.nerdworld.com] [ www.netaxs.com] [ www.netcom.com] [ www.netis.com] [ www.netmall.com] [ www.netside.net] [ www.nicoh.com] [ www.noord.bart.nl] [ www.oakharbor.net]
Lee Kanzler has Co$ critical information here .
[ www.omen.com.au] [ www.opentext.com] [ www.owlnet.rice.edu] [ www.pantheon.it] [ www.pasteur.fr] [ www.phoaks.com] [ www.phx.com] [ www.pi.net] [ www.pi.net] [ www.pilgrim.umass.edu] [ www.pointcom.com]
[ www.prime.org] [ www.primenet.net]
Critical stuff from Jeff Jacobsen and James J Lippard . [ www.pro7.se]
Unknown , not active . [ www.projectcool.com] [ www.pronett.com] [ www.prospernet.com] [ www.prospernet.com] [ www.proweb.co.uk]
Sarah 's Freezone site . [ www.prysm.net] [ www.psy.vu.nl] [ www.rainfall.com] [ www.reynoldsenterprises.com] [ www.rickross.com] [ www.rnsn.com] [ www.rpi.net.au] [ www.rtis.com] [ www.sanctum.com.au] [ www.sbcomp.com] [ www.search.com] [ www.skeptic.com] [ www.sky.net] [ www.skylink.net] [ www.snafu.de] [ www.softdisk.com] [ www.softdisk.com] [ www.sol.no] [ www.sover.net] [ www.sover.net] [ www.spectracom.com] [ www.sptimes.com]
Newspaper in Clearwater , Florida . [ www.sserv.com] [ www.stack.urc.tue.nl] [ www.starwatch.de] [ www.stbbs.com] [ www.stelling.nl] [ www.stern.de] [ www.stpt.com] [ www.streetside.com] [ www.stud.uni-hannover.de] [ www.suburbia.net] [ www.super.zippo.com] [ www.swisscom.ch] [ www.tampatrib.com]
Newspaper in Tampa , Florida , USA . [ www.teleport.com] [ www.telesoft.ch] [ www.tezcat.com] [ www.the-spa.com] [ www.thingy.apana.org.au] [ www.thur.de] [ www.tiac.de] [ www.tiac.net] [ www.tidepool.com] [ www.times.st-pete.fl.us]
Newspaper in St. Petersburg , Florida , USA . [ www.toocool.com] [ www.traders.co] [ www.transcore.com] [ www.tribal.com] [ www.tricky.com] [ www.truenorth ] [ www.ttu.edu] [ www.uit.no] [ www.ukdirectory.com] [ www.ultranet.com] [ www.uni-wuerzburg.de] [ www.update.uu.se]
Uppsala University , Sweden . [ www.urbanlegends.com] [ www.users.cts.com] [ www.users.one.se] [ www.users.wineasy.se]
Swedish ISP . [ www.utne.com] [ www.uwc.edu] [ www.virtualynx.com] [ www.vru.com] [ www.warpedweb.com] [ www.webcom.com] [ www.webzonecom.com] [ www.well.com] [ www.well.com] [ www.whidbey.net] [ www.whidbey.net] [ www.wholarts.com] [ www.wi-inf.uni-essen.de] [ www.wineasy.se]
Swedish ISP . [ www.worth.com] [ www.wp.com] [ www.wwwhere.com] [ www.xemu.demon.co.uk] [ www.xemu.net] [ www.xemu.org] [ www.xenu.net]
Critical site ( Operation Clambake ) . [ www.xenu.org]
Critical site . [ www.xmission.com] [ www.xnet.com] [ www.xs4all.nl]
Dutch ISP with many critics . [ www.xxxx.net] [ www.xxxx.org] [ www.zdfmsn.de] [ www.zeta.org.au] [ www.zippo.com] [ www2.dejanews.com ] [ www2.egr.uh.edu ] [ www2.gol.com ] [ www2.itw.com ] [ www2.kcii.com ] [ www2.thecia.net ] [ www2.whidbey.net ] [ www-astronomy.mps.ohio-state.com ] [ www-cgi.cs.cmu.edu ] [ wwwperso.hol.fr ] [ www-und.ida.liu.se ]
Linköping University , Sweden . [ wwwwbs.cs.tu-berlin.de ] [ xenu.phys.uit.no ] [ xxxx.phys.uit.no ] {www.trac.de} [ home.fireplug.net ] [ homepages.shonline.de ] [ news2web.elbacom.it ] [ www.astori.it] [ www.augustea.it] [ www.berliner-morgenpost.de] [ www.bhb-online.de] [ www.blick.ch] [ www.bwl.uni-mannheim.de] [ www.cairp.org] [ www.cdu-saar.org] [ www.churchforum.org.mx] [ www.dorfen.de] [ www.droit.umontreal.ca] [ www.empire.net] [ www.gruene.landtag-bayern.de] [ www.home.cm] [ www.humanite.presse.fr] [ www.internet.com.mx] [ www.kleine.co.at] [ www.media.it] [ www.metropolis.de] [ www.moon.inf.uji.es]
Domain hosting Modemac 's Introduction to Co$ Spanish Version [ www.multi-medias.ca] [ www.parlinkom.gv.at] [ www.planete.net] [ www.polizia.telpress.it] [ www.primenet.com] [ www.rat.de] [ www.svz.de] [ www.t0.or.at] [ www.triserve.com] [ www.verfassungsschutz-hessen.de] [ www.verfassungsschutz.nrw.de] [ www.vhs-papenburg.de] [ www.vswn.com] [ www.wdr.de] [ www.webdo.ch] [ www.winkelhaid.de] [ www.citinv.it] [ www.apocalypsesoon.org] [ www.landscape.it] [ www.mi.cnr.it] [ www.perusia.it] [ www.chiesacattolica.it] [ www.aecetri.astro.it] [ www.cineca.it] [ www.valnet.it]
From n32l.dll - newsgroups Scientologists can't read :
LIST OF NEWSGROUPS : ADDED COMMENTS : [ alt.religion.scientology ]
The famous newsgroup .
[ alt.religion.scientology.squick.squick.squick ] [ alt.religion.zenu ] [ nl.scientology ]
Dutch newsgroup on Scientology .
[ comp.org.eff.talk ] [ de.soc.weltanschauung.scientology ]
German newsgroup on Scientology . [ alt.binaries.scientology ]
Newsgroup for binary uploads to the Net. [ alt.clearing.technology ]
Freezone newsgroup . [ alt.clearing ]
Freezone newsgroup . [ alt.ne.general ] [ misc.activism.militia ] [ alt.conspiracy ] [ de.soc.weltanschauung ] [ ne.general ] [ alt.clearing.technology ]
Freezone newsgroup .
[ alt.support.ex-cult ] [ ne.general.selected ] [ nl.scientology ]
Dutch newsgroup on Scientology . [ alt.showbiz.gossip ]
Pet Scientology celebrities sometimes spoken of in less - than - glowing terms . [ cl.glauben.sekten ] [ alt.gothic ] [ sci.skeptic ] [ dfw.general ] [ sci.skeptic ] [ alt.fan.landmark ] [ alt.religion.kibology ] [ zippo.general ] [ cl.glauben.sekten ] [ sci.skeptic ]
Scientologists are n't allowed to read anything skeptic , I wonder why ... [ uk.misc ] [ cl.glauben.sekten ] [ misc.taxes ] [ alt.co-evolution ] [ alt.alt.alt.alt.alt ] [ rec.humor ]
Scientologists are n't allowed any fun ? [ talk.religion.newage ]
From d32l.dll - words Scientologists can't read :
From d32l.dll - more words they can't read :
LIST OF WORDS : ADDED COMMENTS : {affidavid} { Bare Faced Messiah} Famous critical book .
{ BODY THETAN} { Body Thetans}
These are the spirits of the aliens Xenu killed 75 million years ago , only Scientology knows how to exorcise them - but their price is high .
{ clambake}
Yes , this is a nice clambake .
{clear cognition}
An idea which the preclear is supposed to express in order to show that he or she has achieved the goal of becoming Clear .
{ FACTNet} The Fight Against Coercive Tactics Network , Inc. { Fishman affidavit} Where Fishman revealed the secret OT levels .
{ freezone} People that still believe in parts of Scientology , but are not members of CoS. { Garry Scarff} Critic and former Scientologist .
{ Graham Berry} American critic and lawyer .
{ Keith Henson} American critic .
{ Larry Wollersheim} Critic and former Scientologist .
{ Madman or Messiah} Famous critical book .
{ Mary Tabayoyon} Former Scientologist .
{ McPherson}
They killed her , now they try to censor her name ...
{ NOTs Series # 34 }
It 's the secret NOTs that claims it cures physical illnesses .
Keith Henson was convicted for posting this to the Net. { NOTs SERIES 34} {operation clambake}
This site .
Why do I get the feeling they do n't like me ? :-) { Rev. Dennis Erlich} Critic and former Scientologist .
{ Dennis Erlich} Critic and former Scientologist .
{ Robert Vaughn Young} Critic and former Scientologist .
{ Steve Fishman} Former Scientologist .
{ Steven Fishman} Former Scientologist .
{ Vaughn Young} Critic and former Scientologist .
{ Veritas} { Wollersheim} Critic and former Scientologist .
{ XEMU} The Galactic Rulah in person !
{ Xenu !}
The Galactic Rulah in person !
{ Xenu's} The Galactic Rulah in person !
{xenu} The Galactic Rulah in person !
Back to the introduction ...
Divo
Address : 12 Waterloo Place , London SW1
Tel : 020 7484 1355
Meal for two incl wine and service : £ 140
A little over a century ago my Jewish forebears fled that part of Eastern Europe then known as the Pale of Settlement .
Having eaten at Divo , described as London 's first luxury Ukrainian restaurant , I now know why .
It was to escape the cooking .
There are many words I could use to describe the food served here , but this is a family newspaper and none of them should be available before the watershed .
I can't deny my disappointment because the remaining candidates - awful , calamitous , the horror , the horror - do n't quite do it justice without the visceral attack of the expletive .
Divo , which occupies a once imposing space at the southern end of Regent Street , is a very special kind of disaster ; the sort Hollywood used to make films about in the Seventies .
The decor is a mixture of overblown kitsch - swirly carpets and drapes that Middle Eastern dignitaries might favour for photo opportunities - and a down home babushka , cottage look .
It 's as if two completely different teams from Changing Rooms have been let loose , armed only with half a million quid each of someone else 's money , crystal meth and a taste bypass .
More disastrous than that are the poor waitresses ' cherry - red outfits : lace - up bodice up top , a two - length skirt down below , so that it resembles a mumsy apron on one side and something so short on the other you worry they might catch a chill .
One dining room is brightly lit , the other gloomy .
If you go - perhaps because you are in the grip of a terminal illness and need a laugh - I recommend the latter .
That way you wo n't have to look at the food as well as taste it .
The menu is long and over - priced and the three - figure caviar dishes are only the half of it .
Fourteen pounds is an awful lot of money for pickles .
It 's an outrage for sloppy , limp strips of cucumber , huge , peeled - plum tomatoes and a couple of slices of mushy pear .
One part of the menu , described as Divo Specials , lists dishes which ' were traditionally served to visiting dignitaries and the nobility of the Ukraine ' .
I can only assume Ukrainians have a healthy disdain for their dignitaries .
Top of the list is the Cossack Pork Sausage .
Any comedic value obtained from the innuendo in that name was completely trounced by the appearance of the dish itself .
The lengths of gnarled , under - seasoned gristly sausage arrived atop a lattice covering a ceramic bowl , which held a reservoir of burning liquor .
Heaped on the sausage were crisp onion rings , which were immediately ignited by the flames from below .
' Now you blow it out , ' the waitress said , her anxiety rising with the plumes of smoke .
' Now , please !
Now !'
This was the Red Army 's scorched - earth policy realised in food .
My companion Amanda is a game girl .
Not only did she blow out the flames , she even tasted the food .
Now she knows what carbonised onions taste like .
They taste like charcoal .
I had Grandmother 's Golubzi , which sounds like an ailment of old age : floppy white cabbage leaves , wrapped around under - seasoned pork mince beneath a gloopy tomato sauce .
I wish grandma well .
No matter .
Here comes the main course , the venerable chicken kiev and surely they can't bugger that up ?
' Ah , ' said Amanda , as it landed before us .
' Mum 's gone to Iceland . '
And it did indeed have that uniform breadcrumb shell - like - armour - plating look of the mass - produced item , which is amazing given they must have made it themselves .
Two hockey - puck rabbit ' burgers ' , rolled in oats and served with half - melted lumps of a red Leicester - type cheese , were as bad as they sound .
Though not as bad as a side dish of ' buckwheat with fried onions and lard ' .
It had a weird plastic flavour which reminded me of the taste you get when you blow up a new lilo .
This is not a good thing in a plate of food .
We finished - and I use that term loosely , for we did not finish anything - with a grim slice of cherry cheesecake with a jelly topping so solid you could have used it to culture bacteria in a petri dish .
The other dessert was a curl of cold pancake , buried beneath more sodden cherries .
The pancake tasted like it had been made earlier in the day .
In short , a load of old crepe .
The wine list is priced with oligarchs in mind , though it does include a Ukrainian merlot at £ 17 .
We checked the alcohol content .
Somewhere between ' 10 to 13 per cent ' it said .
Ach .
It 's only wine .
Apparently Divo is Ukrainian for ' amazing ' , a name I can not argue with .
It is amazing that anybody thought a restaurant like this would be a good idea , amazing that they invested a reputed £ 2 million in the conversion , amazing that the result is so staggeringly , comically , bowel - twistingly poor .
As we left , I was overcome by a strong feeling of gratitude , and not merely because the meal was over , but to my great - grandfather , Josef Boruchowicz .
He was the one who had the gumption to escape the region of Eastern Europe which has supplied Divo 's inspiration .
He saved me from having to eat this stuff every day .
Thank you Josef .
I owe you .
jay.rayner@observer.co.uk
After 2005 FBI raid , sk0t , the admin of EliteTorrents , was arrested and subsequently jailed .
After serving his time he was fitted with an ankle monitor which restricted his movement when released .
This Christmas , sk0t got a great gift - he was allowed to remove his digital shackle .
He talks to TorrentFreak .
Most people in the BitTorrent community know about EliteTorrents .
After falling foul of the newly introduced Family Entertainment Copyright Act , the site was raided by the FBI , resulting in a few arrests .
Sadly , a few people went to jail because they were involved in the uploading of the pre-released Star Wars Episode III , even though movie insiders say that pre-release piracy has little effect on box office takings .
One of those who came to grief was sk0t – aka Scott McCausland – who pleaded guilty – an admission which earned him 5 months in jail and 5 months home confinement .
As part of the home punishment , Scott was required to wear an ankle bracelet which monitored his movements .
Fitted on July 19th 2007 , the bracelet enforced the terms of his release : Monday to Friday 08:30 to 21:00 he was free to do as he pleased .
Weekends were more restrictive – freedom was allocated between 08:30 to 17:00 .
Freedom – proper freedom – was 5 long months away .
Eventually the day had arrived to remove the bracelet .
Scott told TorrentFreak :
“ On December 19th , I was allowed to , personally , remove my ankle monitor .
After 5 months of curfews , and missed occasions , I am now allowed to partake in all the benefits this free world has to offer .
After 5 months in prison , and another 5 months on home confinement , I have just one obstacle left : my 1.5 years years left of probation . ”
After a couple of years of ruined festivities for Scott , things are really looking up for him now :
“ This Christmas has been quite good to me .
My first semester back at school is over , I am with my family , and I am off home confinement … the holidays are going well for me . ”
Scott has n’t been sitting around idly since his release .
Aside from spending time with his family and friends and buying a new home , Scott went back to school , finished his first semester and got some pretty good grades , despite ‘ taking it easy ’ with his 4 chosen classes :
BA 243 ( Business Ethics ) – B
Phil 014 ( Love & Sex ) – B +
Phil 012 ( Symbolic Logic ) – A -
Econ 002 ( Microeconomics ) – B
It ’s good to hear from Scott but a little sad that we do n’t hear anything from the other guys who also went to jail who must be going through similar experiences .
I ’m sure that everyone in the BitTorrent community wishes them well , whatever they might be doing .
Final word from Scott : “ Everyone have a Happy Holiday Season ”
WASHINGTON , Sept. 1 — The legal battle over the rights of the hundreds of men held as enemy combatants at Guantánamo Bay has lasted more than five years , including two rounds in the Supreme Court .
Now , as the parties prepare for their next Supreme Court confrontation later this fall , the arguments have come full circle to where they began : over the role of the federal courts .
The Military Commissions
Act of 2006 , which Congress passed in its final weeks under Republican control in order to negate the Supreme Court ’s most recent ruling on behalf of a Guantánamo detainee , stripped all courts of jurisdiction “ to hear or consider ” challenges to any alien detainee ’s continued detention .
In a surprising about - face the day after it concluded its term in June , the Supreme Court accepted renewed appeals on behalf of two groups of detainees and agreed to decide whether the measure is constitutional .
Lawyers for the detainees and for dozens of organizations and individuals supporting them filed their briefs late last month .
Two dozen briefs poured into the court .
The government ’s brief and those of any supporting groups are due by Oct. 9 , with the argument likely to be scheduled soon after Thanksgiving .
The Supreme Court , of course , is only one forum among several in which the fate of the Guantánamo detainees is being debated .
Democrats in Congress have tried , without success so far , to restore the federal courts ’ jurisdiction to hear the detainees ’ challenges to their confinement .
And voices within the Bush administration have urged consideration of closing the detention camp altogether .
Zawahiri is thought to be in hiding on the Afghan - Pakistan border
Advertisements posted on Jihadist websites said questions sent to them over the next month would be passed to al - Qaeda 's deputy leader for his reply .
It said the questions would be sent " without alteration , whether it comes from someone who agrees or disagrees " .
The offer also came at the end of an interview by Zawahiri posted on Sunday .
In the video , also produced by al - Sahab , Zawahiri said the US - led coalition in Iraq was " defeated and looking for a way out " and said the decision of UK forces to " flee " Basra showed insurgents were gaining strength .
Iraq took formal responsibility for security in Basra province on Sunday , four - and - a - half years after the invasion .
' Brief and focused '
The adverts published by al - Sahab invited " individuals , organisations and media establishments " to submit questions for an " open interview " with Zawahiri by sending them by 16 January to the websites where it usually posts its messages .
It shows how this group with 7th Century ideology is exploiting 21st Century media capabilities
Bruce Hoffman
Georgetown University
" Care should be taken in making the questions brief and focused , " the advert asked .
" We also ask the brothers , the supervisors [ of the websites ] to collect the questions and transmit them without alteration , whether it is comes from someone who agrees or disagrees , " it added .
The advert finished with al - Sahab saying that " with God 's help and support " it will try to publish Zawahiri 's answers to the questions " as soon as possible " .
Egyptian - born Zawahiri has emerged as al - Qaeda 's most prominent spokesman in recent years , appearing in at least 16 videos and audiotapes this year - four times as many as its leader , Osama Bin Laden .
The invitation is the first to have been issued by an al - Qaeda leader
The two have evaded capture since US - led forces overthrew the Taleban in Afghanistan following the 11 September 2001 attacks on the US .
They are thought to be hiding on the Afghan - Pakistan border .
IntelCenter , an organisation which monitors Jihadist websites , said the invitation was the first to have been issued by a high - ranking al - Qaeda leader .
Bruce Hoffman , a terrorism expert at Georgetown University in Washington DC , said al - Qaeda wanted to " look more cutting - edge and give the perception of greater legitimacy " .
" It shows how this group with 7th Century ideology is exploiting 21st Century media capabilities , " he told the Associated Press .
Mr Hoffman said it also revealed that Zawahiri was trying to portray himself more like a true leader than a " homicidal thug " by opening himself up to questioning in a similar fashion to televised political debates .
This last december was a bit odd , I was robbed , they took my laptop and 2 iPods , I had all my backups and all my clients jobs in those , for sure one of the most delicate situations in my life , I did n’t know what to do .
So I decided to start a blog and save some of the jobs I done and share them with everyone .
This would allow me to promote myself too .
In these last 12 months I ’ve seen lots of really good designs , they have inspired me and helped me to get over this unfortunate incident .
The outcome of that made me think and focus so to celebrate this past year and to welcome the next I decided to post ( in my opinion ) 2007 ´s best designs .
Enjoy !
Start­ing this week , you will start see­ing a grow­ing num­ber of Expert Con­trib­u­tors writ­ing in our blog and web­site , so that we can col­lec­tive­ly dis­cuss the lat­est research and trends on cog­ni­tive and emo­tion­al train­ing , brain fit­ness and health , and the impli­ca­tions of brain research in gen­er­al for our every­day lives .
Ã‚Â
All of it , spiced up by stim­u­lat­ing brain teasers .
So , if you have n’t already , make sure to sub­scribe to our newslet­ter ( above ) and our RSS feed ( on the right ) .
Let me intro­duce ,
In alpha­bet­i­cal order , Ã‚Â the Expert Con­trib­u­tors who will share their knowl­edge with us in Jan­u­ary and Feb­ru­ary .
- Wes Car­roll , SB in Com­put­er Sci­ence and Engi­neer­ing from MIT , and Puz­zle Mas­ter for Ask a Sci­en­tist lec­ture series .
- Simon Evans , PhD. , and Paul Burghardt , PhD. , whoÃ‚Â col­lab­o­rate in the Uni­ver­si­ty of Michigan ’s Depart­ment of Psy­chi­a­try and the Mol­e­c­u­lar and Behav­ioral Neu­ro­science Insti­tute , to study the effects of nutri­tion and exer­cise on brain func­tion .
- Greater Good Mag­a­zine , a quar­ter­ly mag­a­zine pub­lished by a UC - Berke­ley cen­ter to “ high­lights ground break­ing sci­en­tif­ic research into the roots of com­pas­sion and altruism .
“ Ã‚Â - Gre­go­ry Kel­lett , a recent grad­u­ate from the Cog­ni­tive Neurology / Research PsychologyÃ‚Â MastersÃ‚Â pro­gram at SFSU .
- Eric Jensen , author of Enrich­ing the Brain : How to Max­i­mize Every Learn­er ’s Poten­tial , and well - known syn­the­siz­er of brain research infor­ma­tion with impli­ca­tions for K12 edu­ca­tion .
- Pas­cale Mich­e­lon , Ph. D. , Ã‚Â an Adjunct Fac­ul­ty at Wash­ing­ton Uni­ver­si­ty in Saint Louis , Psy­chol­o­gy Depart­ment .
- Tom O’Brien , pro­fes­sor emer­i­tus in math­e­mat­ics edu­ca­tion , South­ern Illi­nois Uni­ver­si­ty , and author of prize - win­ning games .
- Joshua Stein­er­man , M.D. , Post­doc­tor­al Clin­i­cal Fel­low in the Depart­ment of Neu­rol­o­gy at Colum­bia Uni­ver­si­ty Med­ical Cen­ter . - David Rabin­er , Ph.D. , Senior Research Sci­en­tist and Direc­tor of Under­grad­u­ate Stud­ies at Duke Uni­ver­si­ty .
Dr. Rabin­er main­tains the high­ly - regard­ed Atten­tion Research Update .
Please Note : if you would like to become an Expert Con­trib­u­tor , please email us your bio and some recent arti­cles you have writ­ten , at infor­ma­tion ( at ) sharp­brains ( dot ) com , indi­cat­ing “ Expert Con­trib­u­tor ” in the title .
Look­ing for­ward to hear­ing from you !
Also , a job post­ing in case any of you are inter­est­ed or know of poten­tial can­di­dates :
Yesterday , Gene Jockey let the Ars Soap Box know about a report that I think many of you will find interesting .
You may recall that the past few years have been banner years for the FCC , at least in terms of censorship , imposing fines , and warning networks about their proposed television content .
You may have also heard that in recent years complaints about TV have gone through the roof , from a mere 350 complaints in 2000 to a whopping 240,000 in 2003 , and potentially even more this year .
It has long been through that the advent of reality TV and the onset of " loose morals " in TV have pushed conservatives over the edge .
And you know what , it 's true .
The problem is that , unfortunately , these massive numbers all boil down to one politically motivated group with an axe to grind .
Hold on to your hat , folks .
According to a new FCC estimate obtained by Mediaweek , nearly all indecency complaints in 2003 ? 99.8 percent ?
were filed by the Parents Television Council , an activist group .
This year , the trend has continued , and perhaps intensified .
Through early October , 99.9 percent of indecency complaints ? aside from those concerning the Janet Jackson ?
wardrobe malfunction ?
during the Super Bowl halftime show broadcast on CBS ?
were brought by the PTC , according to the FCC analysis dated Oct. 1 .
The FCC has insisted that the quantity of reports is not weighed when addressing complaints , but this is somewhat contradicted by the fact that the FCC only responds to complaints , as they do not actively monitor what 's on TV .
As such , the quantity of reports is key , because things are being reported that normally were not , and that puts the FCC on the trail of investigation .
Of course , the FCC still argues that if there has been no foul , then there 's nothing to worry about .
The problem , of course , is that the the number of complaints has been used to calculate and justify fines for borderline issues , as with Fox 's doomed ( and idiotic ) Married by America .
For example , the agency on Oct. 12 , in proposing fines of nearly $ 1.2 million against Fox Broadcasting and its affiliates , said it received 159 complaints against Married by America , which featured strippers partly obscured by pixilation .
But when asked , the FCC ?s Enforcement Bureau said it could find only 90 complaints from 23 individuals ...
And Fox , in a filing last Friday , told the FCC that it should rescind the proposed fines , in part because the low number of complaints fell far short of indicating that community standards had been violated .
?
All but four of the complaints were identical ?
and only one complainant professed even to have watched the program , ?
Fox said .
So , the number clearly does matter , because it is used a as justification for fines , they are used to determine which issues to pursue , and they are centrally coordinated to the extent that many of the complainants have not actually even viewed the material in question .
What 's clear is that the FCC needs to account for this centrally organized spamming of complaints .
The Parents Television Council takes as one of its aims the generation of fake complaints , and this must be addressed .
For example , the PTC maintains a list of the worst shows on TV each week , replete with reports on the shows ' content that 's hardly objective .
Is it a surprise that people then complain about a show they 've never even watched ?
The FCC has responded , in part , by counting identical complaints as just one set of complaints .
This does n't make make the activists happy , however .
The PTC today called for a Congressional investigation of the FCC because they , oh the horror ! , do n't accept automatically generated spam complaints as totally legit , trustworthy complaints .
" We are calling for a Congressional investigation of the FCC over its accounting practices .
While we 're pleased that the FCC has calculated that PTC members have filed an overwhelming majority of indecency complaints in the last two years , the FCC 's count is utterly deceptive , " said L. Brent Bozell , president of the PTC .
The deception they charge , in part , is relating to the FCC 's claim that the majority of these complaints come from the PTC rather than other " family - oriented " groups .
They would like more groups to get credit also , which I suppose qualifies as deception only if you want to avoid the appearance of not actually representing grassroots efforts .
Ford ’s Fusion 999 is currently the world ’s fastest hydrogen car , reaching the break - neck speed of 207mph at the Bonneville Salt Flats in Utah .
It boasts a 770 hp electric motor powered by hydrogen fuel cells .
Video after the break .
Click here for first picture in gallery .
By PETER ALLEN
Last updated at 11:01 17 December 2007
A super - yacht built in secret for executed Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein has gone on sale for £ 17 million .
Decor aboard the flaoting palace - originally called Qadissivat Saddam - include Arabesque arches , dark wood carvings , deep pile carpets , and loose rugs woven in Islam 's holiest cities .
As well as other typically Muslim features , including prayer rooms and ornate fountains , the Danish bulders also installed gold - tap bathrooms , whirl pools , steam rooms , and hi-tech bathrooms .
Scroll down for more ...
The vessel , moored off the French port of Nice , was named after a famous Arab victory over the Persians in 637 AD .
It was meant to be the sister ship of Al Mansur - or " The Victor " - another of Saddam 's yacht which ended up being bombed to pieces by Anglo - American forces during the Iraq War of 2003 .
The Qadissivat Saddam has been kept abroad since it was built in Denmark in 1981 , however , and is completely untouched by the numerous wars Saddam was involved in during his reign .
Instead it remains an astonishing testament to the playboy lifestyle enjoyed by Saddam and his entourage .
Now diplomatically renamed The Ocean Breeze , the 270 feet craft is full of customised fittings personally ordered by the Iraqi from Danish builders Helsingor Vaerft .
Decorated throughout with fine mahogany , gold , silver , and marble , the Qadissivat Saddam was described by her builders as " lavish in every details and very Arabic in style " .
With state banquets in mind , there was tableware and silverware for 200 people who could be seated in a broad shatter proof glass atrium .
Despite this , the yacht was first and foremost built for Saddam 's private use , and therefore had only a few cabins , allowing a relatively modest 28 people to sleep comfortably .
There was a helicopter landing pad and health clinic , complete with mini-operating theatre .
Scroll down for more ...
Security measures included a secret passage which ran throughout the length of the " Qadissivat Saddam " , which would have allowed Saddam to get to a fast patrol boat in case of trouble .
A mini-submarine pod was also connected to the secret passage below deck for emergency exits .
The luxury vessel and its 35 man crew was due to have been on standby 24 hours a day , all year round , and the necessary fittings were also included to store a wide range of armaments , including heavy machine guns and surface to air missiles .
Scroll down for more ...
All of the glass on board was bullet proof , and there were numerous ' anti- boarding ' devices including sophisticated alarms and CCTV .
When the yacht was originally built all of the workers involved were sworn to secrecy , signing official gagging orders .
They nicknamed it " Saddam 's Toy " , but were not allowed to take photographs or tell anybody about it .
Scroll down for more ...
The vow of secrecy was agreed with the Iraqi government and , so far , has never officially been annulled , despite Saddam 's toppling in 2003 .
The Danish shipyard expected the Qadissivat Saddam to go straight to Iraq , but instead it was never actually delivered .
Instead it ended up in Saudi Arabia , were it was renamed Al - Yamamah .
Scroll down for more ...
Saddam had close links with the Saudi regime , and many believe that it was kept there for safety and as a " spare " in case anything happened to Al Mansur .
" Al Mansur " was itself a gift from the Saudis to thank Saddam for fighting Iran in one of the bitterest and most destructive conflicts since the Second World War .
" Qadissivat Saddam " was known to have been moored in Jeddah for at least 10 years , but its exact movements since 1981 are largely shrouded in mystery .
Saddam loved his yachts and , five days before the beginning of the Iraq War , found time to move Al Mansur to what he thought was the relative safety of the Umm Qasr harbour in Basra .
As it turned out , the multi million pounds craft was bombed 16 times in coalition air strikes .
Of the 16 shells fired at it , eight were direct hits .
The blackened vessel continued to float for a few days before disappearing from radar screens .
Brokers Burgess of London are selling the The Ocean Breeze , inviting offers of around £ 17 million .
They have chosen to moor it close to the French Riviera towns of Cannes and Grasse , where villas which used to belong to Saddam still stand empty and unsold .
Stop HR 1955 / Support HB 641
I call out to all Americans at this time to be alert and aware what bills and legislation you ’re local and national elected government officials are backing and proposing .
In the name of fear the American people have relinquished many constitutional rights over the last few years , including The Military Commissions Act which removed Habeas Corpus from our Constitution .
looking at all presidential executive orders put into effect ( many of which were passed without public knowledge or congressional approval ) , might lead one to believe that America ’s future is very dark and bleak .
( Executive order # 13422 as one example ) .
The USA has become what our fathers and grandfathers gave their lives for in years past to stop .
Fascists !
Waging wars based on lies , using torture techniques that we prosecuted Japanese for in ww2 as war crimes , just to name a few .
The USA use to be a beacon of what is good and morally right .
Now we are looked at as war criminals by most other countries of the world , and rightly so .
Over the last year I started researching all US Government activity and have been horrified of what I have uncovered .
To look at one or two issues may cause concerns , but when you put all the pieces of the puzzle together it is quite evident what is happening to our once great country .
The privately owned Federal Reserve has no checks or balances and has never been audited .
By printing money not backed by gold our dollar has dropped in value and is now only worth 68 cents on the global market , and foreign interests only want paid in Euros now because our money is not worth the paper it is printed upon .
In 2005 an agreement between Mexico , America and Canada was signed dissolving all boarders by 2010 .
This is called the SPP ( The Security and Prosperity Partnership of North America ) , or The North American Union .
A new currency will be enacted called The Amero replacing all currency in all three countries .
The Real ID
Act is a new national ID card for all US citizens to be implemented in May of 2008 .
Calif .
Democrat Jane Harman has introduced a bill called HR 1955 that has passed the House 404 to 6 .
The Violent Radicalization And Homegrown Terrorism
Act of 2007 , which gives The U.S. Government the right to arrest and detain U.S. Citizens for speaking out against the Government in any way , shape or form .
The next step for this bill is to go before the senate , and then the president .
Write your senators now showing your disapproval of HR 1955 today !
When martial law is enacted your weapons will be confiscated by police and military which will result in a Waco , Texas scenario on every city street in America .
HB 641 is a bill being introduced to allow U.S. Citizens in Pennsylvania to protect themselves from attackers or intruders without fear of prosecution or civil action .
Support HB 641 today !
It would be easy for me to fill this entire newspaper with the information I have uncovered , but I urge all Americans to research these things and take your own journey of truth and understanding and see where it leads .
By speaking out publicly about these things by thousands of aware and awake Americans , we are starting to make a real difference in Government policy , and I am myself starting to see hope for The United States where there was only dismay before .
Our fourth president James Madison said “ If tyranny and oppression come to this land , it will be in the guise of fighting a foreign enemy ” .
WAKE UP AMERICA , before it is too late .
Join and / or start a local Militia in your area , research what is going on in our government and become active , learn about the Sons of Liberty and our history as a country .
Our future is in our own hands and we have no one to blame but ourselves for letting our freedom and liberty slip away .
For more information contact The United American Freedom Foundation , and World Media Watch .
B.A. Brooks
Diversos negocios , incluyendo restaurantes , cines , locales comerciales y gimnasios , etc. , han experimentado una reducción de sus actividades , del mismo modo que los eventos masivos se han visto obligados a ser suspendidos hasta nueva fecha .
También los colegios han tenido que cerrar sus puestas temporalmente y las personas en general , han tenido que aprender a guardar …
Leer más
Guido Knopp , who has written a number of books on Hitler and his inner circle , said the video , which surfaced on YouTube last week , " inevitably " recalled Goebbels ' speech in a Berlin sports stadium when he asked " Do you want total war ? " and the crowd thundered " Yes ! "
The Scientology footage shows Cruise , wearing a large medallion and speaking from a podium .
" So what do you say , we gonna clean this place up ? " he asks .
He is greeted by zealous cheers .
" It may be the case that Cruise 's delivery style is not uncommon in certain religious movements in the US , " Knopp told Bild am Sonntag in an interview .
" But for Germans with an interest in history , that scene where he asks whether the Scientologists should clean up the world and everyone shouts ' yes ' is inevitably reminiscent of Goebbels ' notorious speech . "
Parallels with the Third Reich remain highly sensitive here .
But Scientology has generated a visceral opposition in Germany - last month security ministers tried to ban it , saying it contravened the constitution - and Knopp 's remarks found few critics yesterday .
Thomas Gandow , of the German Protestant church , who has previously compared Cruise to Goebbels , said the video revealed the actor 's high standing in the organisation : " He is not your average sect member but rather a propaganda minister ... I still believe it : Tom Cruise is the Goebbels of Scientology . "
Ursula Caberta , who leads a Hamburg - based research group into the Church of Scientology , said the latest video was " hard evidence " that the group was anti-constitutional .
There was no immediate comment from the Church of Scientology in Berlin , however the organisation 's US headquarters issued a statement in defence of Cruise .
" Bild am Sonntag is grossly irresponsible for publishing horrendous and disgraceful claims about Mr Cruise , " it said .
" Unlike Bild am Sonn tag and other German anti-religionists , he does not discriminate against any other religion , race or colour . "
The organisation has said the footage came from a meeting four years ago .
It was posted on several websites last week , but some took it down after the church claimed copyright .
Other footage shows the Oscar - nominated actor speaking above the " Mission : Impossible " theme music .
He presents himself and fellow Scientologists as " authorities on the mind " .
" We 're the authorities on getting people off drugs .
We 're the authorities on the mind .
We 're the authorities on improving conditions ...
We can rehabilitate criminals .
Way to happiness .
We can bring peace and unite cultures , " Cruise tells his audience .
But such claims are treated with suspicion in Germany , where there is decades - long scepticism about anything regarded as an ideological movement .
Germany has taken a very distinct stance among European countries towards Scientology , considering it not as a religion but as a commercial organisation .
The Church of Scientology , which is thought to have about 6,000 adherents in Germany , is closely monitored by Germany 's Office for the Protection of the Constitution , which also tracks the activities of neo -Nazis , leftwing extremists and Islamist terrorists .
Such scrutiny has prompted criticism from the US state department .
Cruise found himself at the sharp end of German hostility last summer when the defence ministry sought to obstruct the filming of Valkyrie , starring Cruise as the German resistance hero Claus von Stauffenberg .
Although the ban on using military sites was eventually scrapped , ministers criticised the project , citing Cruise 's affiliation with Scientology .
Even Berthold Graf von Stauffenberg , the count 's son , joined in , dubbing Scientology a " totalitarian ideology " .
bradblog.com
BLOGGED BY Brad Friedman
‘ Send Lawyers , Peace and Money ’ : New Hampshire Election Contests Get Technical , Testy Before They Even Begin
Election Integrity Experts Converge and Join Both Republican and Democratic Candidates in Quest for Transparency
New Hampshire Secretary of State Questioned About Documentation , Poll Records and Diebold Memory Cards …
Election Integrity experts from around the country have been converging on the Granite State over the last several days , in preparation for “ historic ” state - wide hand counts of New Hampshire ’s Primary Election ballots , The BRAD BLOG has learned .
Counts of votes on both the Democratic and Republican sides will begin in earnest this Wednesday , as long as the two contesting candidates deliver certified checks by 3 pm on Tuesday , in amounts determined on Monday by Secretary of State William M. Gardner .
( Original Article )
Circumcision study halted due to trauma
A newborn winces in pain after a circumcision
December 23 , 1997
Web posted at : 11:46 p.m. EST ( 0446 GMT )
ATLANTA ( CNN ) --
A new study found circumcision so traumatic that doctors ended the study early rather than subject any more babies to the operation without anesthesia .
The researchers discovered that for those circumcised without anesthesia there was not only severe pain , but also an increased risk of choking and difficulty breathing .
The necessity of circumcision is the subject of increasing debate , but the traditional reasons for the operations have always been prevention .
Dr. Arthur Gumer of Northside Hospital in Atlanta says circumcision has been thought to provide " protection against infectious diseases later in life which would include either sexually transmitted diseases or urinary tract infections . "
Up to 96 percent of the babies in the United States and Canada receive no anesthesia when they are circumcised , according to a report from the University of Alberta in Edmonton .
One of the reasons anesthesia is not used , the study found , is the belief that infants feel little or no pain from the procedure .
It has also been argued that injecting anesthesia can be as painful as circumcision itself , and that infants do n't remember the procedure , anyway .
Study measured heart rate , crying pattern
Preparation for a circumcision
But there are those who find that reasoning difficult to believe , and Gumer is one of them .
" To say that the baby does n't remember it is not an adequate excuse to me , " he said .
" Babies experience other painful procedures and we worry about that , and we do give them anesthetics for those procedures . "
But the Edmonton researchers , whose study was published in this week 's Journal of the American Medical Association , studied the heart rates and crying patterns of babies during different stages of circumcision .
Some babies were given an anesthetic and others were not .
Topicals woefully inadequate
Rabbi Ariel Asa has performed hundreds of circumcisions .
When families request it , he says he puts an anesthetic on the skin , in an effort to reduce some of the pain .
But he admits it 's not very effective .
" Due to the fact that moyels ( the people who do the procedure ) do it very quickly and the pain that the baby experiences is minimal , I do n't think that the overall benefits are gained , " he says .
But the researchers found that while topical anesthetics may help initially , they are woefully inadequate during foreskin separation and incision .
They concluded that if circumcision must be performed , it should be preceded by an injected anesthetic .
In fact , they found the results so compelling that they took the unusual step of stopping the study before it was scheduled to end rather than subjecting any more babies to circumcision without anesthesia .
Medical Correspondent Dr. Steve Salvatore and Reuters contributed to this report .
He ca n’t be , based on his own statements .
A journalist is a person who reports – who scrutinizes what the powerful say for omissions or falsehoods , who informs readers what ’s really going on , who sifts through the spin and digs beneath the surface to get at the real truth .
But Joe Klein does n’t do any of that .
By his own admission , that kind of work is just too hard for him .
Instead , he ’s settled for a more modest goal : whenever a powerful or influential person says something which they wish the public to believe , Joe Klein will dutifully copy down that statement and communicate it to us .
If two such people make conflicting statements , Joe Klein will not attempt to mediate between them or decide which one is right .
He ’ll present them side - by - side , neither presenting nor examining any evidence that might support one over the other .
He will , however , opine that gosh , all this stuff sure is confusing , is n’t it ?
Who really has the time or the knowledge to decide between these contradictory statements ?
Certainly not Joe Klein .
This is definitely not what a journalist does .
The most accurate word I can think of to describe this role is “ stenographer ” .
So , if Joe Klein wishes to call himself a stenographer , he can be my guest .
A little context might be helpful here .
Joe Klein is a columnist for Time magazine , and the latest outrage he ’s provoked has to do with a column he wrote recently about the RESTORE Act .
This is a Democratic bill currently being debated by Congress which is intended to rein in some of the more egregious lawbreaking of the Bush administration , in particular its claim that it has the unilateral power to spy on American citizens without a warrant or court review .
( This is a felony under the FISA bill passed by Congress in 1978 – but Bush claims that he is the “ unitary executive ” who ca n’t be bound by petty things like laws when he ’s doing what he says is necessary to protect us . )
In his November 21 column , Klein wrote this about the RESTORE Act :
Unfortunately , Speaker Nancy Pelosi … supported a Democratic bill that —
Limbaugh is salivating — would require the surveillance of every foreign - terrorist target ’s calls to be approved by the FISA court , an institution founded to protect the rights of U.S. citizens only .
In the lethal shorthand of political advertising , it would give terrorists the same legal protections as Americans .
That is well beyond stupid .
This sneering assertion was 100 % false , and Klein would have known that if he ’d read the bill before writing about it .
Here ’s what the proposed legislation actually says , in clear and unmistakable terms even for legal language :
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act , a court order is not required for electronic surveillance directed at the acquisition of the contents of any communication between persons that are not known to be United States persons and are reasonably believed to be located outside the United States for the purpose of collecting foreign intelligence information , without respect to whether the communication passes through the United States or the surveillance device is located within the United States .
Having made this amateurish error , Klein then compounded it by getting hostile and defensive when he was called on it .
In his first alleged “ correction , ” he wrote , “ I may have made a mistake in my column this week about the FISA legislation passed by the House , although it ’s difficult to tell for sure given the technical nature of the bill ’s language and fierce disagreements between even moderate Republicans and Democrats on the Committee about what the bill actually does contain . ”
But wait – if Klein admits he does n’t understand the bill now , then where did he get the arrogance to make such confident pronouncements about its “ well beyond stupid ” contents ?
Generally , when you unleash criticism that harsh , you want to be extra sure you know what you ’re talking about .
And why do “ fierce disagreements ” between politicians matter in any way ?
Why not just read the text of the bill ?
If it ’s too hard for Klein to understand , then I suggest that he find a line of work other than writing about politics .
Would you pay a car mechanic who said it was “ difficult to tell for sure ” why your car was n’t working , due to the “ technical nature ” of engine components ?
This limp correction drew yet more fire from the blogosphere .
To date , Klein ’s last word on the matter is a blog post with the truly astonishing title of FISA : More Than You Want to Know , in which he concludes , “ I have neither the time nor legal background to figure out who ’s right ” .
For the record , Mr. Klein , this is not “ more than I want to know ” .
Klein is supposed to be a journalist .
His job is supposed to be to inform the public .
If he ’s not qualified to do his job , or if he lacks interest in doing it , then he should immediately resign and hand the position over to someone who is qualified .
A true journalist would not think , as Joe Klein apparently does , that the public can ever be too well informed .
Finally , in response to vociferous complaints , the editors of Time stepped in .
Surely they ’d want to repair this egregious error , would n’t they ?
Surely they ’d want to defend their reputation and uphold some bare minimum of journalistic standards ?
As it turns out … not so much .
In the original version of this story , Joe Klein wrote that the House Democratic version of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act ( FISA ) would allow a court review of individual foreign surveillance targets .
Republicans believe the bill can be interpreted that way , but Democrats do n’t .
This breathtaking statement was the entirety of their response to this matter .
They later posted a correction to the correction ( “ The bill does not explicitly say that .
Republicans believe it can be interpreted that way , but Democrats do n’t ” ) .
This is not an improvement .
This “ correction ” is a total abandonment of Time ‘s journalistic responsibilities .
It ’s the ultimate example of the trend I noted last summer , in “ The Illusion of Balance “ .
That trend is the tendency of a lazy , irresponsible media to assume it ’s done its job as long as it presents “ both sides ” in he - said - she - said fashion , with no examination of the evidence necessary .
In reality , this is not how the media is supposed to do its job ; it is an abdication of the media ’s job .
The media ’s purpose is to keep the public informed , to be the gatekeepers between truth and falsehood .
Presenting conflicting assertions without making any effort to decide between them actually works against that goal .
It confuses and misinforms people ; worse , it leaves them more poorly equipped to decide the truth of similar debates in the future , by fostering the myth that there is no objective truth of the matter and that every political debate can be reduced to an irresolvable conflict of opinion .
Time ‘s behavior in this matter is a perfect illustration of everything that ’s gone wrong with American media in the past several years .
The media ’s ignorant and irresponsible attitude that it ’s not their job to decide who ’s telling the truth is exactly how we became involved in the Iraq debacle in the first place , not to mention other catastrophic blunders both domestic and foreign .
I think this is more than sufficient reason for people of intelligence and sense to boycott Time henceforth , and instead seek out alternative sources of news that have not forgotten the duties of a journalist .
( Hat tip to Glenn Greenwald , who ’s been aggressively covering this story from the beginning . )
So how am I preparing my body and mind for COVID ?
Full disclosure : I have a very strong ( yes , pun intended ) bias toward functional medicine and the general health approach discussed in the fantastic book : Strong Medicine .
Disclaimer :
This article is written for informational purposes only .
It is not intended to be a substitute for professional medical advice and should not be relied on as health or personal advice .
Read Full Story
[ << | Prev | Index | Next | >>]
Monday , December 11 , 2006 Netflix Update : Try This at Home
[ Followup to this ]
Ok , so here 's where I tell all about how I ( now we ) got to be tied for third place on the netflix prize .
And I do n't mean a sordid tale of computing in the jungle , but rather the actual math and methods .
So yes , after reading this post , you too should be able to rank in the top ten or so .
Ur ... yesterday 's top ten anyway .
My first disclaimer is that our last submission which tied for third place was only actually good enough for ninth place or so .
It landed where it did because , just for giggles and grins , we blended results ( 50/50 ) with Jetrays who had a similar score to us at the time .
Second , my friend Vincent has been manning the runs on his desktop machines , diligently fine tuning and squeezing out every last bit of performance possible with whatever controls I could give him ( not to mention learning python so he could write scripts to blend submissions and whatnot ) .
In short , almost all my progress since my last post has been due to other people .
In the meantime I 've implemented a handful of failed attempts at improving the performance , plus one or two minorly successful ones which I 'll get to .
Now for the method to the mathness , begining with a review of the problem :
Netflix provided 100 M ratings ( from 1 to 5 ) of 17 K movies by 500K users .
These essentially arrive in the form of a triplet of numbers : ( User , Movie , Rating ) .
E.g. , one such entry might be ( 105932,14002,3 ) .
Times 100 million .
Now go make sense of it .
In particular , for ( User , Movie , ? ) not in the database , tell me what the Rating would be -- that is , predict how the given User would rate the given Movie .
I 'm tempted to get all philosophical on my soap box here and go into ways of thinking about this stuff and modeling vs function mapping approaches , yadda yadda , but I know you all are just here for the math , so I 'll save that for the next hapless hosteler who asks me what I do for a living .
For visualizing the problem , it makes sense to think of the data as a big sparsely filled matrix , with users across the top and movies down the side ( or vice versa if you feel like transposing everything I say henceforth ) , and each cell in the matrix either contains an observed rating ( 1 - 5 ) for that movie ( row ) by that user ( column ) , or is blank meaning you do n't know .
To quantify " big " , sticking with the round numbers , this matrix would have about 8.5 billion entries ( number of users times number of movies ) .
Note also that this means you are only given values for one in eighty five of the cells .
The rest are all blank .
Netflix has then posed a " quiz " which consists of a bunch of question marks plopped into previously blank slots , and your job is to fill in best - guess ratings in their place .
They have chosen mean squared error as the measure of accuracy , which means if you guess 1.5 and the actual rating was 2 , you get docked for ( 2 - 1.5 ) ^2 points , or 0.25 .
( In fact they specify root mean squared error , affectionately referred to as rmse , but since they 're monotonically related it's all the same and thus it will simply hurt your head less if you ignore the square root at the end . )
One additional tidbit is they also provide a date for both the ratings and the question marks , which aside from giving you more rocks to try to squeeze blood from also implies that any cell in the matrix can potentially have more than one rating in it .
This would seem to violate the whole matrix analogy but as it happens that 's mere foreplay compared to what follows .
Imagine for a moment that we have the whole shebang - - 8.5 billion ratings and a lot of weary users .
Presumably there are some generalities to be found in there , something more concise and descriptive than 8.5 billion completely independent and unrelated ratings .
For instance , any given movie can , to a rough degree of approximation , be described in terms of some basic attributes such as overall quality , whether it's an action movie or a comedy , what stars are in it , and so on .
And every user 's preferences can likewise be roughly described in terms of whether they tend to rate high or low , whether they prefer action movies or comedies , what stars they like , and so on .
And if those basic assumptions are true , then a lot of the 8.5 billion ratings ought to be explainable by a lot less than 8.5 billion numbers , since , for instance , a single number specifying how much action a particular movie has may help explain why a few million action - buffs like that movie .
A fun property of machine learning is that this reasoning works in reverse too :
If meaningful generalities can help you represent your data with fewer numbers , finding a way to represent your data in fewer numbers can often help you find meaningful generalities .
Compression is akin to understanding and all that .
In practice this means defining a model of how the data is put together from a smaller number of parameters , and then deriving a method of automatically inferring from the data what those parameters should actually be .
In today 's foray , that model is called singular value decomposition , which is just a fancy way of saying what I 've already eluded to above :
We 'll assume that a user 's rating of a movie is composed of a sum of preferences about the various aspects of that movie .
For example , imagine that we limit it to forty aspects , such that each movie is described only by forty values saying how much that movie exemplifies each aspect , and correspondingly each user is described by forty values saying how much they prefer each aspect .
To combine these all together into a rating , we just multiply each user preference by the corresponding movie aspect , and then add those forty leanings up into a final opinion of how much that user likes that movie .
E.g. , Terminator might be ( action=1.2 , chickflick= -1 , ... ) , and user Joe might be ( action=3 , chickflick= - 1 , ... ) , and when you combine the two you get Joe likes Terminator with 3* 1.2 + - 1*-1 + ... = 4.6 +... .
Note here that Terminator is tagged as an anti-chickflick , and Joe likewise as someone with an aversion to chickflicks , so Terminator actively scores positive points with Joe for being decidedly un-chickflicky .
( Point being : negative numbers are ok . )
Anyway , all told that model requires 40 *( 17K+500K ) values , or about 20 M -- 400 times less than the original 8.5B .
ratingsMatrix[user ] [ movie ] = sum ( userFeature [f ] [ user ] * movieFeature [f ] [ movie ] ) for f from 1 to 40
In matrix terms , the original matrix has been decomposed into two very oblong matrices : the 17,000 x 40 movie aspect matrix , and the 500,000 x 40 user preference matrix .
Multiplying those together just performs the products and sums described above , resulting in our approximation to the 17,000 x 500,000 original rating matrix .
Singular value decomposition is just a mathematical trick for finding those two smaller matrices which minimize the resulting approximation error -- specifically the mean squared error ( rather convenient ! ) .
So , in other words , if we take the rank - 40 singular value decomposition of the 8.5B matrix , we have the best ( least error ) approximation we can within the limits of our user - movie - rating model .
I.e. , the SVD has found our " best " generalizations for us .
Pretty neat , eh ?
Only problem is , we do n't have 8.5B entries , we have 100M entries and 8.4B empty cells .
Ok , there 's another problem too , which is that computing the SVD of ginormous matrices is ... well , no fun .
Unless you 're into that sort of thing .
But , just because there are five hundred really complicated ways of computing singular value decompositions in the literature does n't mean there is n't a really simple way too :
Just take the derivative of the approximation error and follow it .
This has the added bonus that we can choose to simply ignore the unknown error on the 8.4B empty slots .
So , yeah , you mathy guys are rolling your eyes right now as it dawns on you how short the path was .
If you write out the equations for the error between the SVD - like model and the original data -- just the given values , not the empties -- and then take the derivative with respect to the parameters we 're trying to infer , you get a rather simple result which I 'll give here in C code to save myself the trouble of formatting the math :
userValue[user ] += lrate * err * movieValue[ movie ] ; movieValue [ movie ] += lrate * err * userValue[user ] ;
This is kind of like the scene in the Wizard of Oz where Toto pulls back the curtain , is n't it .
But wait ... let me fluff it up some and make it sound more impressive .
The above code is evaluated for each rating in the training database .
Lrate is the learning rate , a rather arbitrary number which I fortuitously set to 0.001 on day one and regretted it every time I tried anything else after that .
Err is the residual error from the current prediction .
So , the whole routine to train one sample might look like this :
/* * Where : * real * userValue = userFeature[ featureBeingTrained ] ; * real * movieValue = movieFeature [ featureBeingTrained ] ; * real lrate = 0.001 ; */ static inline void train ( int user , int movie , real rating ) { real err = lrate * ( rating - predictRating ( movie , user ) ) ; userValue[user ] += err * movieValue[ movie ] ; movieValue [ movie ] += err * userValue[user ] ; }
Note that predictRating ( ) here would also use userValue and movieValue to do its work , so there 's a tight feedback loop in play .
I mention the " static inline " and cram the lrate into err just to make the point that : this is the inside of the inner loop , and every clock cycle counts .
My wee laptop is able to do a training pass through the entire data set of 100 million ratings in about seven and a half seconds .
Slightly uglier but more correct , unless you 're using an atemporal programming language you will want to do this :
uv = userValue[user ] ; userValue[user ] += err * movieValue[ movie ] ; movieValue [ movie ] += err * uv ;
Anyway , this will train one feature ( aspect ) , and in particular will find the most prominent feature remaining ( the one that will most reduce the error that 's left over after previously trained features have done their best ) .
When it 's as good as it's going to get , shift it onto the pile of done features , and start a new one .
For efficiency 's sake , cache the residuals ( all 100 million of them ) so when you 're training feature 72 you do n't have to wait for predictRating ( ) to re-compute the contributions of the previous 71 features .
You will need 2 Gig of ram , a C compiler , and good programming habits to do this .
There remains the question of what to initialize a new feature to .
Unlike backprop and many other gradient descent algorithms , this one is n't really subject to local minima that I 'm aware of , which means it does n't really matter .
I initialize both vectors to 0.1 , 0.1 , 0.1 , 0.1 , ....
Profound , no ?
( How it 's initialized actually does matter a bit later , but not yet ...)
The end result , it 's worth noting , is exactly an SVD if the training set perfectly covers the matrix .
Call it what you will when it does n't .
( If you 're wondering where the diagonal scaling matrix is , it gets arbitrarily rolled in to the two side matrices , but could be trivially extracted if needed . )
Before I decide to re-title this entry Much Ado About Nothing , let me pick up the pace now with a host of refinements :
Prior to even starting with the SVD , one can get a good head start by noting the average rating for every movie , as well as the average offset between a user 's rating and the movie 's average rating , for every user .
I.e. , the prediction method for this baseline model is :
static inline real predictRating_Baseline ( int movie , int user ) { return averageRating [ movie ] + averageOffset[user ] ; }
So , that 's the return value of predictRating before the first SVD feature even starts training .
However , even this is n't quite as simple as it appears .
You would think the average rating for a movie would just be ... its average rating !
Alas , Occam 's razor was a little rusty that day .
Trouble is , to use an extreme example , what if there 's a movie which only appears in the training set once , say with a rating of 1 .
Does it have an average rating of 1 ?
Probably not !
In fact you can view that single observation as a draw from a true probability distribution who 's average you want ... and you can view that true average itself as having been drawn from a probability distribution of averages -- the histogram of average movie ratings essentially .
If we assume both distributions are Gaussian , then according to my shoddy math the actual best - guess mean should be a linear blend between the observed mean and the apriori mean , with a blending ratio equal to the ratio of variances .
That is : If Ra and Va are the mean and variance ( squared standard deviation ) of all of the movies ' average ratings ( which defines your prior expectation for a new movie 's average rating before you 've observed any actual ratings ) and Vb is the average variance of individual movie ratings ( which tells you how indicative each new observation is of the true mean -- e.g , . if the average variance is low , then ratings tend to be near the movie 's true mean , whereas if the average variance is high , then ratings tend to be more random and less indicative ) , then :
BogusMean = sum( ObservedRatings ) / count ( ObservedRatings ) K = Vb / Va BetterMean = [ GlobalAverage * K + sum( ObservedRatings ) ] / [ K + count ( ObservedRatings ) ]
But in fact K=25 seems to work well so I used that instead . :)
The same principle applies to computing the user offsets .
The point here is simply that any time you 're averaging a small number of examples , the true average is most likely nearer the apriori average than the sparsely observed average .
Note if the number of observed ratings for a particular movie is zero , the BetterMean ( best guess ) above defaults to the global average movie rating as one would expect .
Moving on :
20 million free parameters is still rather a lot for a training set with only 100 million examples .
While it seems like a neat idea to just ignore all those blank spaces in the implicit ratings matrix , the truth is we have some expectations about what 's in them , and we can use that to our advantage .
As - is , this modified SVD algorithm tends to make a mess of sparsely observed movies or users .
To give an example , imagine you have a user who has only rated one movie , say American Beauty .
Let 's say they give it a 2 while the average is ( just making something up ) 4.5 , and further that their offset is only - 1 , so we would , prior to even employing the SVD , expect them to rate it 3.5 .
So the error given to the SVD is - 1.5 ( the true rating is 1.5 less than we expect ) .
Now imagine that the current movie - side feature , based on broader context , is training up to measure the amount of Action , and let 's say that 's a paltry 0.01 for American Beauty ( meaning it 's just slightly more than average ) .
The SVD , recall , is trying to optimize our predictions , which it can do by eventually setting our user 's preference for Action to a huge - 150.0 .
I.e. , the algorithm naively looks at the one and only example it has of this user 's preferences , in the context of the one and only feature it knows about so far ( Action ) , and determines that our user so hates action movies that even the tiniest bit of action in American Beauty makes it suck a lot more than it otherwise might .
This is not a problem for users we have lots of observations for because those random apparent correlations average out and the true trends dominate .
So , once again , we need to account for priors .
As with the average movie ratings , it would be nice to be able to blend our sparse observations in with some sort of prior , but it 's a little less clear how to do that with this incremental algorithm .
But if you look at where the incremental algorithm theoretically converges , you get something like :
userValue[user ] = [ sum residual [ user , movie ]*movieValue[ movie ] ] / [ sum ( movieValue [ movie ] ^2 ) ]
The numerator there will fall in a roughly zero - mean Gaussian distribution when charted over all users , which through various gyrations I wo n't bore you with leads to :
userValue[user ] = [ sum residual [ user , movie ]*movieValue[ movie ] ] / [ sum ( movieValue [ movie ] ^2 + K ) ]
And finally back to :
userValue[user ] += lrate * ( err * movieValue [ movie ] - K * userValue[user ] ) ; movieValue [ movie ] += lrate * ( err * userValue[user ] - K * movieValue[ movie ] ) ;
This is essentially equivalent to penalizing the magnitude of the features , and so is probably related to Tikhonov regularization .
The point here is to try to cut down on over fitting , ultimately allowing us to use more features .
Last I recall , Vincent liked K=0.02 or so , with well over 100 features ( singular vector pairs -- if you can still call them that ) .
Moving on :
As I mentioned a few entries ago , linear models are pretty limiting .
Fortunately , we 've bastardized the whole matrix analogy so much by now that we are n't really restricted to linear models any more :
We can add non-linear outputs such that instead of predicting with :
sum ( userFeature [f ] [ user ] * movieFeature [f ] [ movie ] ) for f from 1 to 40
We can use :
sum G( userFeature [f ] [ user ] * movieFeature [f ] [ movie ] ) for f from 1 to 40
Two choices for G proved useful .
One is to simply clip the prediction to the range 1 - 5 after each component is added in .
That is , each feature is limited to only swaying the rating within the valid range , and any excess beyond that is lost rather than carried over .
So , if the first feature suggests +10 on a scale of 1 - 5 , and the second feature suggests - 1 , then instead of getting a 5 for the final clipped score , it gets a 4 because the score was clipped after each stage .
The intuitive rationale here is that we tend to reserve the top of our scale for the perfect movie , and the bottom for one with no redeeming qualities whatsoever , and so there 's a sort of measuring back from the edges that we do with each aspect independently .
More pragmatically , since the target range has a known limit , clipping is guaranteed to improve our performance , and having trained a stage with clipping on we should use it with clipping on .
However , I did not really play with this extensively enough to determine there was n't a better strategy .
A second choice for G is to introduce some functional non-linearity such as a sigmoid .
I.e. , G( x ) = sigmoid ( x ) .
Even if G is fixed , this requires modifying the learning rule slightly to include the slope of G , but that 's straightforward .
The next question is how to adapt G to the data .
I tried a couple of options , including an adaptive sigmoid , but the most general and the one that worked the best was to simply fit a piecewise linear approximation to the true output / output curve .
That is , if you plot the true output of a given stage vs the average target output , the linear model assumes this is a nice 45 degree line .
But in truth , for the first feature for instance , you end up with a kink around the origin such that the impact of negative values is greater than the impact of positive ones .
That is , for two groups of users with opposite preferences , each side tends to penalize more strongly than the other side rewards for the same quality .
Or put another way , below - average quality ( subjective ) hurts more than above - average quality helps .
There is also a bit of a sigmoid to the natural data beyond just what is accounted for by the clipping .
The linear model can't account for these , so it just finds a middle compromise ; but even at this compromise , the inherent non-linearity shows through in an actual - output vs. average - target - output plot , and if G is then simply set to fit this , the model can further adapt with this new performance edge , which leads to potentially more beneficial non-linearity and so on ...
This introduces new free parameters and again encourages over fitting especially for the later features which tend to represent fairly small groups .
We found it beneficial to use this non-linearity only for the first twenty or so features and to disable it after that .
Moving on :
Despite the regularization term in the final incremental law above , over fitting remains a problem .
Plotting the progress over time , the probe rmse eventually turns upward and starts getting worse ( even though the training error is still inching down ) .
We found that simply choosing a fixed number of training epochs appropriate to the learning rate and regularization constant resulted in the best overall performance .
I think for the numbers mentioned above it was about 120 epochs per feature , at which point the feature was considered done and we moved on to the next before it started over fitting .
Note that now it does matter how you initialize the vectors :
Since we 're stopping the path before it gets to the ( common ) end , where we started will affect where we are at that point .
I do wonder if a better regularization method could n't eliminate overfitting altogether , something like Dirichlet priors in an EM approach -- but I tried that and a few others and none worked as well as the above .
Here is the probe and training rmse for the first few features with and without the regularization term ( " decay " ) enabled .
Same thing , just the probe set rmse , further along where you can see the regularized version pulling ahead :
Same plot again , but this time showing probe rmse ( vertical ) against train rmse ( horizontal ) .
Note how the regularized version has better probe performance relative to the training performance :
Anyway , that 's about it .
I 've tried a few other ideas over the last couple of weeks , including a couple of ways of using the date information , and while many of them have worked well up front , none held their advantage long enough to actually improve the final result .
If you notice any obvious errors or have reasonably quick suggestions for better notation or whatnot to make this explanation more clear , let me know .
And of course , I 'd love to hear what y'all are doing and how well it 's working , whether it 's improvements to the above or something completely different .
Whatever you 're willing to share ,
- Simon
Vice President Cheney today predicted Iraq will be a self - governing democracy by the time he leaves office , calling the current U.S. surge strategy " a remarkable success story " that will be studied for years to come .
In an interview with Politico , Cheney offered a remarkably upbeat view of Iraq , despite continued violence and political paralysis in the war - torn nation .
Cheney , who has been widely criticized for overly optimistic — and sometime flat wrong — projections in the past , sounded as confident as ever that the Bush administration will achieve its objectives in Iraq .
" I am fairly confident we 'll have [ Iraq ] in a good place , where we 'll be able to look back on it and say , ' That was the right decision .
It was a sound decision going into Iraq , ' " Cheney told Politico in a 40 - minute White House interview .
Sounding a note of caution , the vice president said : " We 've got a lot of work to do .
We 're sort of halfway through the surge , in a sense .
We 'll be going back to pre-surge levels over the course of the next year . "
But Cheney said that by the middle of January 2009 , it will be clear that " we have in fact achieved our objective in terms of having a self - governing Iraq that 's capable for the most part of defending themselves , a democracy in the heart of the Middle East , a nation that will be a positive force in influencing the world around it in the future . "
All of that by 2009 ?
" Yes , sir , " he replied .
It was a remarkable prediction by any measure , and one that is certain to infuriate congressional Democrats .
Nearly as surprising , Cheney said he has no reason to question the intelligence released this week showing that Iran is not an imminent nuclear threat , putting him at odds with conservatives such as presidential candidate Fred Thompson of Tennessee and others who have raised doubts or disputed the findings .
" I do n't have any reason to question what the [ intelligence ] community has produced , " he said .
" Now , there are things they do n't know .
There 's always the possibility that circumstances will change .
But I think they 've done the best job they can with the intelligence that 's available . "
However , the vice president said the administration is " still concerned " about Iran 's enrichment activities
" We still think there 's need to continue the course we 've been on to persuade the Iranians not to enrich uranium , " he said .
" The long pole in the tent in terms of developing nuclear weapons , traditionally , historically , has been developing fissile material , either highly - enriched uranium or plutonium .
In this case , they 're embarked upon the program to develop uranium , obviously . "
Asked how badly the NIE would complicate the administration 's strategic objectives , the vice president replied : " We do n't get to say we only pursue those policies if they 're easy .
It 's very important , I think , and the President clearly does , that we proceed down the road of trying to persuade Iran diplomatically to give up their efforts to enrich uranium .
That has not changed .
There 's nothing in the NIE that said we should be — not be concerned about their enrichment activities . "
Cheney said the assessment was released because " there was a general belief that we all shared that it was important to put it out — that it was not likely to stay classified for long , anyway , " he said .
Cheney said that " especially in light of what happened with respect to Iraq and the NIE on weapons of destruction , " officials wanted to be " upfront with what we knew . "
He said he agreed that was " the right call . "
So you though it might leak ?
" Everything leaks , " he said with a chuckle .
Suggesting the intelligence has been over - interpreted in some quarters , Cheney said he thinks it 's " important to be precise in terms of what it means . "
For instance , he pointed out that the NIE " does n't deal with " the effort to persuade Iran to give up efforts to enrich uranium .
He pointed to a footnote in the NIE that reads : " For the purposes of this Estimate , by ' nuclear weapons program ' we mean Iran 's nuclear weapon design and weaponization work and covert uranium conversion - related and uranium enrichment - related work ; we do not mean Iran 's declared civil work related to uranium conversion and enrichment . "
Cheney , in a seemingly relaxed and unhurried mood , chatted in his shirtsleeves , not wearing glasses , with his big chair swiveled to the side to meet his visitors .
His private office was dominated by a Christmas tree decorated with berries , pinecones and birds .
He talked at length about Congress for a story to be posted tomorrow morning and that will appear on the front page of Politico for Thursday 's edition .
By contrast to President Bush 's paper - free Oval Office desk , Cheney 's is a working desk , stacked with reference and reading material , including a pictorial directory for Congress and the latest issue of Politico .
On the lighter side , Cheney said he is reading The Coldest Winter : America and the Korean War , the recently released final work of the late David Halberstam .
Capitol News Company , LLC .™
All Rights Reserved .
Newswise —
The universe 's clock has neither a start nor finish , yet time is finite according to a New Zealand theorist .
The theory , which tackles the age - old mystery of the origin of the universe , along with several other problems and paradoxes in cosmology , calls for a new take on our concept of time " one that has more in common with the " cyclic " views of time held by ancient thinkers such as Plato , Aristotle and Leonardo da Vinci , than the Christian Calender and Bible - influenced belief in " linear " time now so deeply imbedded in modern western thinking .
Following its initial publication on the arXiv physics archive at Cornell University earlier this year [url : http://arxiv.org/pdf/physics/0612053], the author of the theory , Peter Lynds , presented a second paper about it at the International Conference on Complex Systems in Boston on November 1 [url : http://necsi.org/events/iccs7/viewpaper.php?id=225].
Another group also presented a conference paper about the theory .
Lynds ' theory involves the second law of thermodynamics , a bedrock of physics and the explanation behind why we only ever experience events evolving in one time direction in nature .
This law is related to the fact that heat can never pass spontaneously from a colder to a hotter body .
As a function of heat 's ability to disperse , hot flows to cold .
Because of this , natural processes that involve energy transfer tend to have one direction and to be irreversible .
However , what would happen if , due to certain extreme physical conditions , heat was unable to flow to cold and was forced to flow to hotter ?
In his theory , Lynds posits that rather than this inevitably happen and the second law of the thermodynamics be breached just before the universe gravitationally collapses to a big crunch or matter reaches the centre of a black hole , the order of events should reverse direction .
As all of the laws of physics " with the exception of the second law of thermodynamics " are time reversible and work equally well in opposing directions , Lynds asserts that no laws of physics would be contravened by such a reversal , while it would also allow the second law of thermodynamics to continue to hold .
This is contrast to previous theories involving thermodynamic time reversal , including those by Thomas Gold in the 1960s and Stephen Hawking in the 1980s , which all involve the second law of thermodynamics being breached .
Such theories have generally been dismissed by physicists because of contradictions directly resulting from such a second law violation " contradictions that Lynds says his theory avoids .
Lynds asserts that if many billions of years from now the universe stops expanding and contracts to a big crunch , such a revised conception of thermodynamic time reversal leads to a coherent picture of the cosmos in which there is no differentiation between past and future , and the so - called beginning of the universe , the big bang , can equally be said to be in the past or future of the big crunch .
This means that the big bang and the big crunch can also equally be said to cause one another , therefore providing an answer to that most intractable of questions : what caused the big bang ?
Furthermore , because events are always evolving away , rather than ever towards one , there are no gravitational " singularities " " hypothesized points where gravity and heat become infinite and the laws of physics break down .
Aside from proposed avoidance mechanisms in theories such as String theory and Loop quantum gravity , singularities have been a troublesome but inescapable feature of mathematical physics ever since the 1960s when work by Sir Roger Penrose and Stephen Hawking showed that they must result at the big bang , the big crunch , and inside black holes " provided Albert Einstein 's general theory of relativity is correct and some basic assumptions are met .
One of the assumptions underlying the Penrose and Hawking singularity theorems is that events and times converge towards a singularity .
In Lynds ' theory , events and times are always diverging or evolving away from a potential singularity , so none are encountered .
" The reversal of the order of events so that the second law of thermodynamics can continue to hold , would appear to be a very good way on Nature 's part of avoiding singularities , while also guaranteeing that the universe can remain continuous and without causal contradiction , " says Lynds .
Significantly , the theory also addresses a famous paradox posed by the 18th - century German philosopher Immanuel Kant , which concludes that the idea of the universe extending back infinitely in time is contradictory , while its antithesis " the idea that the universe began at some finite time in the past " also results in contradiction .
Kant asked that if the universe did have a beginning , what happened beforehand to cause it ?
And what before that ?
Kant noted that there would always be an infinite number of " what before that 's . "
On the other hand , if time extended back forever , there would be an infinite period of time before any event " something that Kant also considered absurd .
" With a universe that stretches back infinitely in time and has no starting point , it would also be impossible for the universe to evolve forward , not only to where it is today , but at all , " says Lynds .
Because his theory asserts that the universe is finite , but yet also has no beginning or first cause ( because the big bang is caused by the big crunch , which would normally be thought of as being in the future of the big bang ) , Kant 's paradox disappears .
" A universe in which time is cyclic is really the only possible answer to a paradox such as Kant's , " says Lynds .
" In relation to how telling it is , I do not think that people have generally realised just what a perfect paradox Kant put forward .
It shows that there is something very much going wrong with our regular assumptions regarding time , cause and cosmology . "
However , Lynds has some caveats for his theory .
" It is reliant on the universe being closed and eventually collapsing , " says Lynds .
" At the moment , it is very uncertain whether there is enough mass in the universe to cause it to eventually collapse , or if it will continue expanding forever .
If the universe is n't closed , my theory is wrong .
The detail behind what causes the reversal is also non-quantitative and speculative , while the paper in general is a bit awkward , it sitting somewhere between physics and philosophy , and moving over some different areas .
It is a bit of an ugly duckling , in that it does n't neatly fit anywhere . "
From a historical perspective , Lynds notes the idea that time might be cyclic is an old one and was very popular in ancient times .
" In relation to it being an old idea , the saying " there is nothing new under the sun " is itself actually from a passage about cyclicity in the book of Ecclesiastes circa 250BC , " says Lynds .
" It was n't until the Middle Ages when Christianity really took hold in Europe and the Christian Calendar became firmly established , that the view of time being linear and going in a straight line , the one we are all now so familiar with in modern western society , actually became prominent .
Indeed , around this period , a belief in time being cyclic was actually outlawed by the Catholic Church and chargeable as blasphemy , as it was opposed to the unique chronology of events described in the Bible ; a drama that , according to scripture , takes place only once . "
Lynds says he is expecting his theory to be controversial " a theory that he has only now begun to pursue after it came to him one night in 1998 while laying in bed .
Lynds , a 31 - year - old who is without university qualification , is familiar with controversy , with another theory causing waves in 2003 .
That theory also involved questioning long - held assumptions about time and physics " the existence of instants in time and of time in general " and another famous problem , Zeno 's paradox .
" I doubt that people who believe the universe was created will like it as it leaves no place for a Creator , while due to its nature and some of the questions involved , I feel it will probably invite cynicism from some as well .
It is also very counterintuitive , requiring one to see beyond a number of deeply imbedded intuitions and assumptions regarding time .
For the moment , I 'm more just happy to get it out there . "
About Lynds ' theory , Dr. Paul Frampton , Louis D. Rubin Jr. Distinguished Professor of Physics at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill , says , " I enjoyed reading Lynds ' article about an endless and beginningless universe , especially as I have myself worked on such a model recently ( Phys. Rev. Lett. 98 , 071301 , 2007 ) .
Lynds addresses the key issue of the second law of thermodynamics in a novel way and I 'll be curious to see how far he can take it . "
Dr. Jonathan Vos Post , a former Professor of Astronomy at Cyprus , College .
California , and Professor of Mathematics at Woodbury University , California , says , " I consider Peter Lynds 's arXiv paper to be a bold and magnificent speculation .
Those who attack him are misguided , in that Peter Lynds ' arguments need to be put in proper historical context , which is apparently outside the educational background of those who prematurely dismiss the subtleties of Peter Lynds insights .
Let me refer back to an 1895 paper by the immortal [ Ludwig ]
Boltzmann , which has recently attracted attention in the controversy over so - called " Boltzmann Brains . "
The reference is Nature 51 , 413 ( 1895 ) .
[ Long quote by Ludwig Boltzmann concerning the second law of thermodynamics and the possibility of universe later returning to its present state ] .
Peter is cursed with having brilliant theories that his detractors falsely assume are based on ignorance .
His startling re-analyses of ( 1 ) Zeno 's paradox , ( 2 ) the nature of Time , and ( 3 ) the nature of consciousness , have been spuriously opposed by naive critics who claim that Peter does not know ( 1 ) Calculus , ( 2 ) Relativity , ( 3 ) Psychology .
To the contrary , I hold that his ability to ask " simple " questions , and give extraordinary answers , is close in many ways to the genius of Einstein , Feynman , Hawking , Paul Erdos , John Wheeler , Stephen Wolfram , and Frank Zappa . "
Dr. Werner Israel , a Professor of Physics and Astronomy at the University of Alberta , Canada , and a Fellow at Canada 's Institute for Advanced Study Cosmology and Gravity Programme , says , " I found Peter Lynds ' ideas on possible reversals of time 's arrow interesting , in part because I have entertained less bold but not dissimilar ideas myself .
In 1991 I co-authored a note in Nature which speculated on the possibility that the growth of entropy near a big crunch might be , not reversed exactly , but enormously diluted by a process called mass inflation at the inner horizons of coalescing black holes .
This would make a transition to an expanding phase very nearly reversible thermodynamically . "
For a more detailed version of this summary , including further implications , see http://www.peterlynds.net.nz/plcs.doc ( for pdf , replace .doc with .pdf ) .
This is an interview from 2000 that was originally printed in The Harvard Advocate .
I did not conduct the interview ; I ’m just presenting it here in whole so there is an internet presence for what is an amazing piece of writing that thoroughly inspired me .
It is all worth reading but gets more salient about halfway through , when Eggers writes , “ Now , the addendum . ” – Ed. note
From The Harvard Advocate
AN INTERVIEW WITH DAVE EGGERS
In 1993 Dave Eggers founded the now defunct Gen - X sneer of Might magazine .
After a brief stint at Esquire , Eggers returned in 1998 to the avant - garde of the magazine world with the eccentric banality of Timothy McSweeney ’s Quarterly Concern ( www.mcsweeneys.net).
Eggers ’ first book , the bestselling memoir A Heartbreaking Work of Staggering Genius , was published in February of this year by Simon & Schuster to rave reviews .
The following is an email transcript of a Q&A exchange with Eggers in which he is prompted to “ rant ” by the mention of the phrase “ selling out . ”
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — —— ——
–
Date : Fri , 28 Apr 2000 17:06:27 - 0400 ( EDT )
From : Saadi Soudavar
To : McSweeney’s
Subject : Attn David Eggers : Harvard Advocate Interview
Dear David ,
I ’d first like to say that I hope that , by the time you get these questions , you ’ve extricated yourself from under the perfidious yoke of those Massachusetts McSweeneys .
Talk about a McFaustian bargain !
We ’ve got a light question for you before we get to the ones culled from the more serious elements of our staff .
0 ) In his appreciation of your work in the online magazine Feed ( www.feedmag.com), Keith Gessen suggests that you might have been able to handle Puck had you been chosen for the “ Real World ” instead of that sniveling weakling Judd .
But in your book you seem to be a little startled by Puck , even cowed .
What do you think ?
Could you have put Puck in his place and kept his scabbed - up fingers out the peanut butter ?
A HEARTBREAKING WORK OF STAGGERING GENIUS
1 ) One of the most interesting aspects of A.H.W.O.S.G. is the consistently self - deprecatory tone .
In the preface , for example , a list precisely maps out all the symbolism in the work .
On one level , this undercuts the obvious amount of work that ’s been put into the book by suggesting that the book can be reduced to a very basic level of meaning .
But it also functions to point out how much more complicated the book is than the chart makes it seem .
The book has been criticized for precisely this reason : in the guise of self - deprecation , it ’s self - aggrandizing .
What are your thoughts on this and , in general , the relation of the author to the text ?
2 ) I ’m curious as to what you were reading while writing this : your style is not that of the average memoir - writer .
Resemblances to David Foster Wallace ’s essays have been noted , and , by their inclusion in McSweeney ’s , similarities are suggested to the style of Lawrence Weschler and Paul Maliszewski ( and others published in The Baffler ) .
Much greater parallels might be drawn , however , between your non-fiction and the work of the classic American metafictionists : the dialogue in Donald Barthelme , the narrative conniving in John Barth , or the character sketches in Pynchon .
How much do you see your style as a reflection of your influences ?
3 ) Selling out ?
Good ?
Bad ?
Not the issue ? :
What has surprised you about your book ’s reception ?
How do you explain the backlash to all the hype about you ?
It does n’t seem to be about your work , but more about you .
Simple jealousy ?
Media saturation ?
How does it differ from other pop media backlashes ?
4 ) Having attracted this much commercial attention with your book , the lit - crit establishment can’t be far behind - a slew of theses here at Harvard were written on David Foster Wallace after Infinite Jest came out , a book received in somewhat the same way that yours has been .
What ’s your attitude towards the inevitable critical discussion of your work ( this interview … ) ?
The aesthetic of McSweeney ’s , if one can be defined , seems to be one endorsing the pure joy of reading a story .
Does criticism miss the point ?
5 ) Whatsup with the cover art of A.H.W.O.S.G.?
Are Komar & Melamid for real ?
6 ) Have you optioned or considered optioning the movie or television rights to A.H.W.O.S.G.?
Who would you like to see cast ( specifically as yourself ) and direct ?
If it became a television series would it be an hour - long drama , half - hour sitcom ( with laugh - track or without ? ) or some hybrid ?
Okay .
Let ’s talk about McSweeney’s .
McSWEENEY’S
7 ) My favorite piece ever to appear in McSweeney ’s is Gary Greenberg ’s article on his attempts to meet and use the Unabomber .
It ’s not , of course , about the Unabomber so much as about the cultural and media uses he was put to .
It was really a very human and very careful look at what the magazines do to people , and it ’s really hard to imagine that article appearing anywhere else .
Do you have any favorites yourself , pieces you think typify what McSweeney ’s is going for ?
8 ) Well , and what is McSweeney ’s going for ?
Reading your book , one ca n’t help be struck by your very messianic conception of Might ’s mission ; that , Josh Glenn notwithstanding , you were n’t just making fun of people , that you were , in your way , saying something , though it was n’t clear what , exactly .
I somehow sense that there ’s less of that in McSweeney ’s .
Do you agree ?
Without putting you in the position of explaining what McSweeney ’s is “ saying , ” I would like to ask where you want McSweeney ’s to go , what you think its place is in the history of the universe .
9 ) There is talk afoot in the land , Dave , that McSweeney ’s , content - wise , no longer differs much from smart journals like Conjunctions or Epoch .
Even from The New Yorker , for that matter .
Which is not to imply that , were The Harvard Advocate to receive a story from George Saunders , we would put our street cred above our commitment to excellence , a commitment from which we have not wavered in over 130 years of excellence .
But still : are you concerned that you ’re not publishing as many unknowns as you had been ?
And killed pieces ?
Are you taking any steps - are there any steps to be taken - to keep shit real ?
10 ) One of the remarkable things about McSweeney ’s , especially before the whole AHWOSG extravaganza , was the enthusiasm it seems to have unleashed - it was obviously a revelation to all of us who ’d become , painful as it was , fairly accustomed to the polite , handsome literary journal that consisted primarily of academic poetry .
But it ’s also drawing in people who ’ve not been interested in literary magazines , which is remarkable , because it is so literary , much more so than The Baffler or Hermenaut , for example .
I suppose what ’s especially shocking about all this is that young hipsters are so excited about an aggressively textual project .
I mean , the only pictures you ’ve used are for Lawrence Weschler ’s “ Convergences . ”
Your readings have been phenomenally successful .
Do you think people are really interested in hearing stories ?
And reading texts ?
11 ) My final question is a multipartite monster , so please feel free to jump in here whenever .
The real issue at hand , Mr. Eggers , is whether you ’re on the side of the good guys or the bad guys .
Certainly the fact that there ’s no advertising in any McSweeney ’s production augurs for the former ; but you ’ve motivated this several times by saying that ads are “ ugly . ”
In a similar vein , you ’ve lavished great care on the design of the magazine , and in issue 4 you take this further still , both by creating a beautiful magazine and also devoting quite a bit of space to discussing the aesthetic wholeness of literary texts .
Are you hewing a sort of politics from the scattered shards of aestheticism ?
George Saunders ’ horrifying story – the most horrifying to date – in issue 4 , makes a clear distinction between the dehumanizing aspects of modern work and the humanizing impulses that remain nonetheless .
Saunders is also pretty clear about equating the un-human part of the equation with murder , specifically with , like , organized mass murder .
In my hopeful moments , I feel like McSweeney ’s is trying to carve out the human space in our culture .
In moments of dark suicidal despair , I think McSweeney ’s is just trying to sell a lot of magazines by being so pretty and “ authentic . ”
Which do you think it is ?
And if it is to carve out a human space , why do you think it makes sense to do this on aesthetic grounds ?
And if this is more or less to the point , can you also explain the extent to which you feel McSweeney ’s does more than simply reverse the design formula of the glossies ( black / white instead of color , text instead of image , content instead of advertising , etc. ) ?
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — —— ——
–
Date : Wed , 3 May 2000 17:08:15 - 0400 ( EDT )
From : David Eggers
To : Saadi Soudavar
Subject : Re : your mail
Saadi :
Here are my answers .
At the end is an addendum that ’s explained down there .
All of this is long , but you ca n’t edit without my permission .
So let me know if you want to , though I hope you do n’t .
DE
1 ) Well , anyone who has criticized the book for the self - aggrandizing aspect – and I must admit I have n’t seen any such review ( though I stopped reading reviews a while ago ) – are simply echoing my own criticisms , so it ’s hardly worth comment .
As a longtime critic myself , I anticipated all the possible angles a reviewer might take , and incorporated them into the Acknowledgments .
So there were no surprises in terms of any reservations or comments anyone made , given that I was much harder on the book than anyone else could possibly be .
As for the last part of the question , I ca n’t answer it – much too general .
2 ) I had never read a memoir before writing this thing , so that ’s probably why it does n’t read like one .
There ’s really nothing more crippling than reading too much of a genre before working within it .
But while writing the book , I did read Mary McCarthy ’s Memories of a Catholic Girlhood , which was a fairly devastating take on the form , in terms of how impossible it is to write compelling nonfiction without lying a great deal .
Otherwise , my influences are mostly people I read in college – Nabokov , Tom Wolfe , Vonnegut , Didion , Lorrie Moore , Vidal , Wilde .
The influence of Wallace is always overstated , and he ’d agree readily – the similarities are very superficial .
Barth , Barthelme , sure .
Pynchon ?
I do n’t see it .
3 ) I address the “ sellout ” word later on ( see addendum ) .
As for the so - called backlash , I ca n’t say I ’m aware of one .
I did expect something like that to happen , but I have n’t seen anything yet .
Where is it manifest ?
I have n’t been looking , of course , but if there has been a backlash , it must be a very small or quiet one , because it has n’t shown up on my radar .
4 ) I think criticism , more often than not , completely misses the point , yes .
The critical impulse , demonstrated by the tone of many of your own questions , is to suspect , doubt , tear at , and to take something apart to see how it works .
Which of course is completely the wrong thing to do to art .
I used to tear books apart , and tear art exhibits apart – I was an art and book critic for a few years in San Francisco – but my urge to do that was born of bitterness and confusion and anger , not out of any real need to help or edify .
When we pick at and tear into artistic output of whatever kind , we really have to examine our motives for doing so .
What is it about art that can make us so angry ?
Is it healthy to rip to shreds something created by an artist ?
I would posit , if I may , that that ’s not really a healthy impulse .
Now , as far as I know , out of maybe 100 or so reviews that I ’ve been made aware of , my own book has received only one negative example .
That ’s pretty lucky , especially when you consider that Wallace , for example , has gotten pretty abused by some people , people who for the most part do n’t have the patience his work requires .
But criticism , for the most part , comes from the opposite place that book - enjoying should come from .
To enjoy art one needs time , patience , and a generous heart , and criticism is done , by and large , by impatient people who have axes to grind .
The worst sort of critics are ( analogy coming ) butterfly collectors – they chase something , ostensibly out of their search for beauty , then , once they get close , they catch that beautiful something , they kill it , they stick a pin through its abdomen , dissect it and label it .
The whole process , I find , is not a happy or healthy one .
Someone with his or her own shit figured out , without any emotional problems or bitterness or envy , instead of killing that which he loves , will simply let the goddamn butterfly fly , and instead of capturing and killing it and sticking it in a box , will simply point to it – “ Hey everyone , look at that beautiful thing ” – hoping everyone else will see the beautiful thing he has seen .
Just as no one wants to grow up to be an IRS agent , no one should want to grow up to maliciously dissect books .
Are there fair and helpful book critics ?
Yes , of course .
But by and large , the only book reviews that should be trusted are by those who have themselves written books .
And the more successful and honored the writer , the less likely that writer is to demolish another writer .
Which is further proof that criticism comes from a dark and dank place .
What kind of person seeks to bring down another ?
Does n’t a normal person , with his own life and goals and work to do , simply let others live ?
Yes .
We all know that to be true .
5 ) Ca n’t say I understand this question .
The work of Komar and Melamid is in the collections of every major contemporary - art - collecting art museum in the world .
There is no artist alive today doing work that ’s more important .
They ’re carrying on the work of Duchamp , and they ’re more skilled as artists to boot .
So yes , they are for real .
6 ) Had this been asked in another , less glib , way , I would have answered .
7 ) My favorite pieces were all written by Paul Collins .
His series , which chronicles the lives of various hopeless dreamers of the nineteenth century , will soon be a book , called Losers .
It ’s the closest stuff to what I wanted McSweeney ’s to be about .
8 ) Not sure about the Josh Glenn reference .
Did you mean John Glenn ?
Otherwise I ’m confused – should I know a Josh Glenn ?
I knew a Jodi Glenn in college , but I do n’t think you ’d know her .
Anyway , yes , Might had a messianic mission , for about three months .
After that , it was a vehicle within which to publish things we found important or made us laugh .
McSweeney ’s has no political goal .
We only want to publish work that we like , and to do so with an attention to the craft of book and magazine production .
Art made with mission statements is not art .
9 ) See addendum .
10 ) I ’ll address the readings portion of the question .
Simply put , our readings are so well - attended because they ’re fun .
I do n’t like being bored , but most readings are aggressively boring .
There is an assumption , in LiteraryLand , that readings must be sober and slow and long and serious .
The spoken - word contingent sometimes improves upon this , but usually in a horribly pretentious way .
So what we do is simple : we make sure alcohol is available , to ourselves and the audience , and then we have fun .
And part of that involves breaking out of the author - at - the - podium - turning - pages schtick ; we figure if 500 people are going to come out , you might as well have some shit happen .
Thus , at our last reading , in Brooklyn , Arthur Bradford , who accompanies his stories with guitar - playing , broke his guitar against a wall , John Hodgman was interviewed by a man in a caveman costume , and , during intermission , I carefully cut the hair of five attendees .
Then everyone stayed until 2 , most people were drunk , and lots of people hooked up with each other .
All good , and all at a reading .
11 ) I address some of this question in the addendum , but I want to address the “ sell a lot of magazines by being pretty and ‘ authentic ' ” part here .
Honestly , Saadi , what the fuck are you talking about ?
You ’re applying principles of mass - marketing to a money - hemorrhaging literary magazine produced out of my apartment .
Please .
No one here is trying to sell a lot of magazines .
Why would we making a literary magazine in the first place , if sales numbers were our goal ?
And why would we be printing this thing in Iceland , and printing only 12,000 copies ?
Jesus , son , you have got to stop tearing apart and doubting the people who are obviously , clearly , doing good work .
I mean , who the fuck do you believe in ?
The Baffler is nice - looking , too , and they print * 20,000 * copies .
Does that put Tom Frank in league with Tony Robbins ?
I ’m exasperated .
Saadi , you have to trust me , and you have to trust Tom Frank , because Tom Frank , for example , matters .
If Tom Frank , tomorrow , agreed to be in a commercial for the Discover Card – as Kurt Vonnegut did a few years ago , for whatever reason – you would still have to trust Tom Frank and respect him , because he has for a decade been doing work that matters , and you have no idea about his motivations or needs or state of mind when he say okay to the Discover gig .
I am giving you really good advice , here , Saadi , and and offer it to other readers of the Advocate , because I wish I had the same advice pounded into my head at your age , when I was a bigger , more smug and suspicious asshole than you – I was the biggest asshole of all .
To me , everyone was a sellout .
Any band that sold over 30,000 albums was a sellout .
Any writer who appeared in any mainstream magazine was a sellout .
I was a complete , weaselly little prick , and I had no idea what I was talking about , and goddamn if I do n’t wish I could take all that back , because I knew nothing then , just as you know nothing now .
You simply cannot judge someone , especially someone whose work you have respected , when they disappoint you , superficially , once or twice .
Think of the fuckheads who turned their back on Dylan when he started using electric guitars , for Christ ’s sake .
What kind of niggardly imbecile would call Dylan Judas when he plugged into an amp ?
What kind of small - hearted person wants an artist to adhere to a set of rules , to stay forever within a narrow envelope which we ’ve created for them ?
Now , the addendum .
First , a primer :
When I got your questions , I was provoked .
You expressed many of the feelings I used to have , when I was in high school and college , about some of the people I admired at the time , people who at some point disappointed me in some way , or made moves I could not understand .
So I took a few passages from your questions – those pertaining to or hinting at “ selling out ” – and I used them as a launching pad for a rant I ’ve wanted to write for a while now , and more so than ever since my own book has become successful .
And the rant was timely , because shortly after getting your questions , I was scheduled to speak at Yale , and so , assuming that their minds might be in a similar spot as yours , I read this , the below , to them , in slightly less polished form .
The rant is directed to myself , age 20 , as much as it is to you , so remember that if you ever want to take much offense .
—-
You actually asked me the question : “ Are you taking any steps to keep shit real ? ” I want you always to look back on this time as being a time when those words came out of your mouth .
Now , there was a time when such a question – albeit probably without the colloquial spin – would have originated from my own brain .
Since I was thirteen , sitting in my orange - carpeted bedroom in ostensibly cutting - edge Lake Forest , Illinois , subscribing to the Village Voice and reading the earliest issues of Spin , I thought I had my ear to the railroad tracks of avant garde America .
( Laurie Anderson , for example , had grown up only miles away ! )
I was always monitoring , with the most sensitive and well - calibrated apparatus , the degree of selloutitude exemplified by any given artist – musical , visual , theatrical , whatever .
I was vigilant and merciless and knew it was my job to be so .
I bought R.E.M.’s first EP , Chronic Town , when it came out and thought I had found God .
I loved Murmur , Reckoning , but then watched , with greater and greater dismay , as this obscure little band ’s audience grew , grew beyond obsessed people like myself , grew to encompass casual fans , people who had heard a song on the radio and picked up Green and listened for the hits .
Old people liked them , and stupid people , and my moron neighbor who had sex with truck drivers .
I wanted these phony R.E.M.- lovers dead .
But it was the band ’s fault , too .
They played on Letterman .
They switched record labels .
Even their album covers seemed progressively more commercial .
And when everyone I knew began liking them , I stopped .
Had they changed , had their commitment to making art with integrity changed ?
I did n’t care , because for me , any sort of popularity had an inverse relationship with what you term the keeping ‘ real ’ of ‘ shit . ’
When the Smiths became slightly popular they were sellouts .
Bob Dylan appeared on MTV and of course was a sellout .
Recently , just at dinner tonight , after a huge , sold - out reading by David Sedaris and Sarah Vowell ( both sellouts ) , I was sitting next to an acquaintance , a very smart acquaintance married to the singer - songwriter of a very well - known band .
I mentioned that I had seen the Flaming Lips the night before .
She rolled her eyes .
“ Oh I really liked them on 90210 , ” she sneered , assuming that this would put me and the band in our respective places .
However .
Was she aware that The Flaming Lips had composed an album requiring the simultaneous playing of four separate discs , on four separate CD players ?
Was she aware that the band had once , for a show at Lincoln Center , handed out to audience members something like 100 portable tape players , with 100 different tapes , and had them all played at the same time , creating a symphonic sort of effect , one which completely devastated everyone in attendance ?
I went on and on to her about the band ’s accomplishments , their experiments .
Was she convinced that they were more than their one appearance with Jason Priestly ?
She was .
Now , at that concert the night before , Wayne Coyne , the lead singer , had himself addressed this issue , and to great effect .
After playing much of their new album , the band paused and he spoke to the audience .
I will paraphrase what he said :
“ Hi . Well , some people get all bitter when some song of theirs gets popular , and they refuse to play it .
But we ’re not like that .
We ’re happy that people like this song .
So here it goes . ”
Then they played the song .
( You know the song . )
“ She Do n’t Use Jelly ” is the song , and it is a silly song , and it was their most popular song .
But to highlight their enthusiasm for playing the song , the band released , from the stage and from the balconies , about 200 balloons .
( Some of the balloons , it should be noted , were released by two grown men in bunny suits . )
Then while playing the song , Wayne sang with a puppet on his hand , who also sang into the microphone .
It was fun .
It was good .
But was it a sellout ?
Probably .
By some standards , yes .
Can a good band play their hit song ?
Should we hate them for this ?
Probably , probably .
First 90210 , now they go playing the song every stupid night .
Everyone knows that 90210 is not cutting edge , and that a cutting edge alternarock band should not appear on such a show .
That rule is clearly stated in the obligatory engrained computer - chip sellout manual that we were all given when we hit adolescence .
But this sellout manual serves only the lazy and small .
Those who bestow sellouthood upon their former heroes are driven to do so by , first and foremost , the unshakable need to reduce .
The average one of us – a taker - in of various and constant media , is absolutely overwhelmed – as he or she should be – with the sheer volume of artistic output in every conceivable medium given to the world every day – it is simply too much to begin to process or comprehend – and so we are forced to try to sort , to reduce .
We designate , we label , we diminish , we create hierarchies and categories .
Through largely received wisdom , we rule out Tom Waits ’s new album because it ’s the same old same old , and we save $ 15 .
U2 has lost it , Radiohead is too popular .
Country music is bad , Puff Daddy is bad , the last Wallace book was bad because that one reviewer said so .
We decide that TV is bad unless it ’s the Sopranos .
We liked Rick Moody and Jonathan Lethem and Jeffrey Eugenides until they allowed their books to become movies .
And on and on .
The point is that we do this and to a certain extent we must do this .
We must create categories , and to an extent , hierarchies .
But you know what is easiest of all ?
When we dismiss .
Oh how gloriously comforting , to be able to write someone off .
Thus , in the overcrowded pantheon of alternarock bands , at a certain juncture , it became necessary for a certain brand of person to write off The Flaming Lips , despite the fact that everyone knew beyond a shadow of a doubt that their music was superb and groundbreaking and real .
We could write them off because they shared a few minutes with Jason Priestley and that terrifying Tori Spelling person .
Or we could write them off because too many magazines have talked about them .
Or because it looked like the bassist was wearing too much gel in his hair .
One less thing to think about .
Now , how to kill off the rest of our heroes , to better make room for new ones ?
We liked Guided by Voices until they let Ric Ocasek produce their latest album , and everyone knows Ocasek is a sellout , having written those mushy Cars songs in the late 80s , and then – gasp !
– produced Weezer ’s album , and of course Weezer ’s no good , because that Sweater song was on the radio , right , and dorky teenage girls were singing it and we cannot have that and so Weezer is bad and Ocasek is bad and Guided by Voices are bad , even if Spike Jonze did direct that one Weezer video , and we like Spike Jonze , do n’t we ?
Oh .
No .
We do n’t .
We do n’t like him anymore because he ’s married to Sofia Coppola , and she is not cool .
Not cool .
So bad in Godfather 3 , such nepotism .
So let ’s check off Spike Jonze – leaving room in our brains for … who ??
It ’s exhausting .
The only thing worse than this sort of activity is when people , students and teachers alike , run around college campuses calling each other racists and anti-Semites .
It ’s born of boredom , lassitude .
Too cowardly to address problems of substance where such problems actually are , we claw at those close to us .
We point to our neighbor , in the khakis and sweater , and cry foul .
It ’s ridiculous .
We find enemies among our peers because we know them better , and their proximity and familiarity means we do n’t have to get off the couch to dismantle them .
And now , I am also a sellout .
Here are my sins , many of which you may know about already :
First , I was a sellout because Might magazine took ads .
Then I was a sellout because our pages were color , and not stapled together at the Kinko’s .
Then I was a sellout because I went to work for Esquire .
Now I ’m a sellout because my book has sold many copies .
And because I have done many interviews .
And because I have let people take my picture .
And because my goddamn picture has been in just about every fucking magazine and newspaper printed in America .
And now , as far as McSweeney ’s is concerned , The Advocate interviewer wants to know if we ’re losing also our edge , if the magazine is selling out , hitting the mainstream , if we ’re still committed to publishing unknowns , and pieces killed by other magazines .
And the fact is , I do n’t give a fuck .
When we did the last issue , this was my thought process : I saw a box .
So I decided we ’d do a box .
We were given stories by some of our favorite writers – George Saunders , Rick Moody ( who is uncool , uncool ! ) , Haruki Murakami , Lydia Davis , others – and so we published them .
Did I wonder if people would think we were selling out , that we were not fulfilling the mission they had assumed we had committed ourselves to ?
No .
I did not .
Nor will I ever .
We just do n’t care .
We care about doing what we want to do creatively .
We want to be interested in it .
We want it to challenge us .
We want it to be difficult .
We want to reinvent the stupid thing every time .
Would I ever think , before I did something , of how those with sellout monitors would respond to this or that move ?
I would not .
The second I sense a thought like that trickling into my brain , I will put my head under the tires of a bus .
You want to know how big a sellout I am ?
A few months ago I wrote an article for Time magazine and was paid $ 12,000 for it .
I am about to write something , 1,000 words , 3 pages or so , for something called Forbes ASAP , and for that I will be paid $ 6,000 .
For two years , until five months ago , I was on the payroll of ESPN magazine , as a consultant and sometime contributor .
I was paid handsomely for doing very little .
Same with my stint at Esquire .
One year I spent there , with little to no duties .
I wore khakis every day .
Another Might editor and I , for almost a year , contributed to Details magazine , under pseudonyms , and were paid $ 2000 each for what never amounted to more than 10 minutes work – honestly never more than that .
People from Hollywood want to make my book into a movie , and I am probably going to let them do so , and they will likely pay me a great deal of money for the privilege .
Do I care about this money ?
I do .
Will I keep this money ?
Very little of it .
Within the year I will have given away almost a million dollars to about 100 charities and individuals , benefiting everything from hospice care to an artist who makes sculptures from Burger King bags .
And the rest will be going into publishing books through McSweeney ’s .
Would I have been able to publish McSweeney ’s if I had not worked at Esquire ?
Probably not .
Where is the $ 6000 from Forbes going ?
To a guy named Joe Polevy , who wants to write a book about the effects of radiator noise on children in New England .
Now , what if I were keeping all the money ?
What if I were buying property in St. Kitt ’s or blew it all on live - in prostitutes ?
What if , for example , I was , a few nights ago , sitting at a table in SoHo with a bunch of Hollywood slash celebrity acquaintances , one of whom I went to high school with , and one of whom was Puff Daddy ?
Would that make me a sellout ?
Would that mean I was a force of evil ?
What if a few nights before that I was at the home of Julian Schnabel , at a party featuring Al Pacino and Robert DeNiro , and at which Schnabel said we should get together to talk about him possibly directing my movie ?
And what if I said sure , let’s ?
Would all that make me a sellout ?
Would I be uncool ?
Would it have been more cool to not go to this party , or to not have written that book , or done that interview , or to have refused millions from Hollywood ?
The thing is , I really like saying yes .
I like new things , projects , plans , getting people together and doing something , trying something , even when it ’s corny or stupid .
I am not good at saying no .
And I do not get along with people who say no .
When you die , and it really could be this afternoon , under the same bus wheels I ’ll stick my head if need be , you will not be happy about having said no .
You will be kicking your ass about all the no ’s you ’ve said .
No to that opportunity , or no to that trip to Nova Scotia or no to that night out , or no to that project or no to that person who wants to be naked with you but you worry about what your friends will say .
No is for wimps .
No is for pussies .
No is to live small and embittered , cherishing the opportunities you missed because they might have sent the wrong message .
There is a point in one ’s life when one cares about selling out and not selling out .
One worries whether or not wearing a certain shirt means that they are behind the curve or ahead of it , or that having certain music in one ’s collection means that they are impressive , or unimpressive .
Thankfully , for some , this all passes .
I am here to tell you that I have , a few years ago , found my way out of that thicket of comparison and relentless suspicion and judgment .
And it is a nice feeling .
Because , in the end , no one will ever give a shit who has kept shit ‘ real ’ except the two or three people , sitting in their apartments , bitter and self - devouring , who take it upon themselves to wonder about such things .
The keeping real of shit matters to some people , but it does not matter to me .
It ’s fashion , and I do n’t like fashion , because fashion does not matter .
What matters is that you do good work .
What matters is that you produce things that are true and will stand .
What matters is that the Flaming Lips ’s new album is ravishing and I ’ve listened to it a thousand times already , sometimes for days on end , and it enriches me and makes me want to save people .
What matters is that it will stand forever , long after any narrow - hearted curmudgeons have forgotten their appearance on goddamn 90210 .
What matters is not the perception , nor the fashion , not who ’s up and who ’s down , but what someone has done and if they meant it .
What matters is that you want to see and make and do , on as grand a scale as you want , regardless of what the tiny voices of tiny people say .
Do not be critics , you people , I beg you .
I was a critic and I wish I could take it all back because it came from a smelly and ignorant place in me , and spoke with a voice that was all rage and envy .
Do not dismiss a book until you have written one , and do not dismiss a movie until you have made one , and do not dismiss a person until you have met them .
It is a fuckload of work to be open - minded and generous and understanding and forgiving and accepting , but Christ , that is what matters .
What matters is saying yes .
I say yes , and Wayne Coyne says yes , and if that makes us the enemy , then good , good , good .
We are evil people because we want to live and do things .
We are on the wrong side because we should be home , calculating which move would be the least damaging to our downtown reputations .
But I say yes because I am curious .
I want to see things .
I say yes when my high school friend tells me to come out because he ’s hanging with Puffy .
A real story , that .
I say yes when Hollywood says they ’ll give me enough money to publish a hundred different books , or send twenty kids through college .
Saying no is so fucking boring .
And if anyone wants to hurt me for that , or dismiss me for that , for saying yes , I say Oh do it , do it you motherfuckers , finally , finally , finally .
Nigel Hall sent this picture of Boscombe Pier to the BBC website
A spokesman for Solent coastguard said : " For a short period the wind went up to about 73 m ph but now it is down to around 20 m ph . "
The storm , which felled trees , and caused flooding and power cuts in Devon , peaked at around 4 pm GMT .
A father and his nine - year - old son who were swept away by a rain - swollen Devon river were rescued by firemen .
Meanwhile , a St John Ambulance Crew in Surrey had a lucky escape after strong winds blew a poplar tree on top of their vehicle .
The tree badly damaged the roof and back doors of the vehicle but the four people inside were unhurt .
Ray Pennock , who was treating his son - in - law 's sprained ankle at Esher Rugby Club when the ambulance was struck , said : " You 've never seen four St John people get out of an ambulance so quickly in your life . "
' Incredibly well forecast '
A spokeswoman for Solent Coastguard told the BBC website earlier that conditions were perilous for leisure boats .
Veronica Taylor , watch officer at the coastguard , said : " Anybody who goes out on a boat who does n't know what they are doing is risking life and limb , if you do it in these conditions it is significantly more dangerous . "
But Solent Coastguard now say that there were " no problems at sea " despite the bad conditions .
" The severity of the weather was incredibly well forecast " , Miss Taylor said .
" We always encourage people to take notice of the weather conditions - and that 's exactly what they have done , " she added .
An air and sea search was started this morning after a woman was reported missing from an Isle of Wight ferry during the bad weather .
However the search was called off and police are investigating the possibility she may have left the boat by car .
Surf
During Saturday night , the Isles of Scilly were struck by 70 mph winds and waves of more than 40ft ( 12 m ) were recorded off the Atlantic coast .
The English Channel saw waves of 25 ft ( 7.6 m ) from strong winds blowing from the Atlantic .
But some surfers have capitalised on the conditions , defying warnings to ride what are thought to be the biggest waves recorded off the west coast of Ireland .
Waves estimated at 55 ft ( 16.7 m ) high bore down on the coast at Mullagmore Head in Donegal Bay on Saturday .
Failure Caused Officials to Hand Count Ballots , While Questions Remain About Details of the Problems
Similar Reports Discovered Elsewhere , More on That Soon ...
Brad Friedman Byon
1/12/2008 , 6:07 pm PT
VotersUnite.org 's John Gideon calls our attention to this snippet , from this recent story at NH's SeaCoastOnline [ emphasis ours ] :
So many Democrats turned out in Stratham that Town Clerk Shirley Daley said she had to photocopy 87 ballots .
Hartson said she began printing extra Democratic ballots at 6 p.m. when they began running low .
Because of a glitch in the machines , clerks there had to hand count all of the extra ballots .
Gideon follows up by asking : " They had to hand - count all of the extra ballots .
What about the ballots that had already been run on the machines ( note the plural ) ?
How many other machines across the state had the same ' glitch ' ? "
We tried to contact Town Clerk Daley on Friday , in order to find out , what came of the ballots counted before the problem was discovered , but their offices close at 12 noon on Fridays .
As to further such incidents across the state , it seems there were far more than anyone has so far reported .
We will have another article shortly , concerning such reports of problems on Diebold voting machine across the state during last week 's Primary Election .
80 % of New Hampshire votes were counted on such machines .
To date , none of those ballots have been counted , verified or audited by any human being to our knowledge .
UPDATE 9:56 pm
As promised , further reports on problems with voting machines in other NH towns , now published here ...
For related coverage , please see our index of notable New Hampshire - related BRAD BLOG articles , since the '08 Primary .
Mr Olmert denies wrongdoing in the three investigations
The trade and industry ministry and the headquarters of the national post office were among the places searched .
The prime minister is the subject of three criminal investigations - but denies any wrongdoing .
The inquiries involve the purchase of a property , a bank privatisation deal , and alleged political favours when he was trade and industry minister .
More than 100 police officers were involved in the raids just after dawn on Sunday .
OLMERT TIMELINE 1945 : Born in Binyamina 1973 : Elected to the Knesset 1993 - 2003 : Jerusalem mayor 2003 - 2006 : Ministerial posts April 2006 : Prime minister
Profile : Ehud Olmert
Police spokesman Mickey Rosenfeld said : " Police investigators are searching a number of government and private offices in connection with three ongoing investigations . "
He said police were expected to confiscate documents and other materials .
The investigations against Mr Olmert are into :
Allegations of appointing political allies to positions throughout the trade and industry ministry when he headed it between 2003 and 2005
Allegations he tried to influence the sale of the state 's controlling interest of Bank Leumi in favour of a friend in 2005
The purchase of a house in Jerusalem which a government watchdog concluded was sold below market value by a developer .
Mr Olmert has strenuously denied any wrongdoing and has insisted that the investigations are part of a political vendetta against him .
BBC Middle East correspondent Tim Franks says Mr Olmert 's position seems safe for the time being .
Our correspondent says that even if the prime minister were indicted he would not necessarily be forced to step down and , at the moment , his coalition government appears firm .
This is a guest post from Jon Morrow , who is 25 years old .
His blog is On Moneymaking .
By Jon Morrow – I nearly killed myself in college to get straight A’s .
Well , almost straight A’s .
I graduated with 37 A ’s and 3 B ’s for a GPA of 3.921 .
At the time , I thought I was hot stuff .
Now I wonder if it was n’t a waste of time .
Let me explain :
1 . No one has ever asked about my GPA .
I was told that having a high GPA would open all kinds of doors for me .
But you know what ?
I interviewed with lots of companies , received a total of 14 job offers after graduation , and none of the companies asked about it .
They were much more impressed with stuff like serving as Chief of Staff for the student government and starting a radio station run by 200 volunteers .
I suppose a college recruiter from a Fortune 500 company might ask , but honestly , I ca n’t see any employer hiring a straight - A student over someone with five years of relevant work experience .
It might tip the scale in a competitive situation , but in most cases , I have n’t seen that grades are really that important to employers .
2. I did n’t sleep .
Unless you ’re a super genius , getting 37 A ’s is hard work .
For me , it was an obsession .
Anything less than an A + on any assignment was unacceptable .
I ’d study for 60 - 80 hours a week , and if I did n’t get the highest grade in class , I ’d put in 100 hours the next week .
Translation : I did n’t sleep much .
From my freshman to junior year , I averaged about six hours a night .
By my senior year though , I was only getting 3 - 5 per night , even on weekends .
I was drinking a 2 liter bottle of Mountain Dew and 2 - 3 energy drinks per day just to stay awake .
Not only is that unhealthy , but it ’s not particularly fun either .
3 . I ’ve forgotten 95 % of it .
I majored in English Literature and minored in Communication Theory .
The main reason I chose those subjects was I thought they would teach me how to write and speak , two skills that would serve me well for the rest of my life .
Boy , was I stupid .
Instead , I spent all my time reading classic literature and memorizing vague , pseudoscientific communication theories .
Neither are useful at all , and I ’ve forgotten at least 95 % of it .
I ’d guess the same is true for most college graduates .
Tell me , what ’s the point of spending 60 - 80 hours a week learning things that you immediately forget ?
4 . I did n’t have time for people .
Being in the student government and running a radio station , I had lots of opportunities to build a huge network .
But I did n’t have time .
Between studying and doing my job , I had to prioritize the people I wanted to develop relationships with and narrow it down to the handful who could help me the most .
That ’s no way to go through school .
College is n’t so much a training ground for entering the work place as a sandbox for figuring out who you are and how you relate to other people .
You develop your social skills and forge relationships with people that might be colleagues for the rest of your life .
If I could do it all over again , I would spend less time in the library and more time at parties .
I would have 50 friends , not 3 .
I would be known for “ the guy that knows everyone , ” not “ the smartest guy in class . ”
Not only because it would ’ve been more fun , but because I would still be friends with most of those people now and would have access to the networks they ’ve developed over the last four years .
5 . Work experience is more valuable .
In retrospect , I could ’ve probably spent 20 - 30 hours a week on my studies and gotten B’s .
That would ’ve freed up 30 - 70 hours a week , depending on the course load .
When I think of all of the things that I could ’ve done with those hours , I just shake my head .
If there ’s one thing graduates lack , it ’s relevant work experience .
If you want to be a freelance writer , you ’re much better off writing articles for magazines and interning with a publishing company than working your tail off to get straight A’s .
The experience makes you more valuable to future employers and usually results in a paycheck with a few more digits on it .
What about Graduate School ?
If you ’re getting your masters , going to law school , or becoming a doctor , then you ’ll need all 37 of those A’s to get into the best school possible , and you can safely disregard this entire post .
Just be sure that you follow through .
I thought I would go to law school , and then I found out what a miserable career it is and how little it actually pays .
All of those good grades are now going to waste .
It also comes down to the question , “ What ’s the most effective use of your time ? ”
If you ca n’t imagine living without an advanced degree from an Ivy League school , then reading until your eyes fall out and sleeping on a table in the library is a perfectly defensible lifestyle .
On the other hand , if you want to get a job and make as much money as possible , then good grades are n’t going to help you as your teachers and parents might have you believe .
You ’re better making powerful friends , building a killer resume and generally having the time of your life on your parent ’s dime .
Jon Morrow ’s blog is On Moneymaking .
_____________________________________
Once you ’re done with college , what should you focus on next ?
It ’s clear your grades do n’t matter , but what does matter ?
The most important thing after you graduate college is to treat your 20s like they matter .
This is not practice .
This is your life .
And here : How to Make Your 20s Count .
A chemist called it “ criminally intolerant chemical warfare to enslave the American people . ”
A self - described inventor and “ secret investigator ” said the government was trying to “ kill you slowly . ”
Another man put it bluntly : “ Communism is one of the factors behind it . ”
In the summer of 1966 , a year after the Watts riots , Los Angeles City Council members took up what The Times called “ one of the most controversial proposals ever . ”
The hearings drew hundreds of agitated citizens .
The supercharged issue ?
Adding fluoride to tap water to prevent tooth decay .
The proposal was defeated , as were subsequent attempts to fluoridate Los Angeles ’ drinking water in 1968 and 1975 .
The issue , in Southern California at least , seemed to be dead .
Then last month , the Metropolitan Water District started fluoridating the water it serves 18 million customers across Southern California , giving life to another round of accusations and conspiracy theories .
This time , though , a battle once waged by far - right red baiters is being led by independents and activists on the left .
Advertisement
“ We are not lab rats and reject any attempt to be treated as such , ” actor and liberal political activist Martin Sheen and his wife wrote in a letter to The Malibu Times last month after reading about MWD ’s fluoridation effort in their latest water bill .
The move , four years in the planning , is the largest fluoridation project in U.S. history and thus a watershed in the peculiar story of one of the nation ’s longest - running controversies .
For more than 60 years , a debate has simmered over whether artificially fluoridated water is one of public health ’s greatest achievements or an ill - advised attempt by the government to medicate the population by force with a dangerous chemical .
Fluoride is the Kennedy assassination of chemicals , a fountain of myths and misinformation , with people on each side of the issue accusing those on the other of using half - truths and twisted facts to push their agenda .
Advertisement
Virtually all of the science and medical establishment -- including the American Dental Assn. , the American Medical Assn. , the World Health Organization and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention -- have endorsed fluoride in water .
Supporters say numerous studies over the decades show that the chemical , in low concentrations -- about one part per million or the equivalent of three drops in 42 gallons of water -- reduces tooth decay by 20 % to 60 % with minimal risk .
“ The science is crystal clear , ” said Jon Roth , executive director of the California Dental Assn. Foundation .
“ The unfortunate thing is there are still folks out there who do a good job of cherry - picking the scientific information .
. . .
I do n’t know where the motivation comes from .
I just do n’t get it . ”
Though far fewer in number , fluoride ’s opponents are strident and proud to be committed to an uphill fight .
In the 1960s , foes said fluoride produced Down syndrome in children .
Today , opponents emphasize fluoride ’s purported links to bone cancer , thyroid dysfunction and other diseases .
They say toxins such as arsenic and lead contaminate the hydrofluosilicic acid used to fluoridate water .
They say the benefits are vastly overblown and point to Europe , which has low rates of tooth decay even though most countries there do n’t add fluoride to their water .
But today ’s fluoride opponents are not nearly so vocal as those of a generation ago ; there was little opposition in 2003 when the MWD began preparing to fluoridate its water .
The city of Los Angeles finally did it in the mid-1990s without public outcry .
Advertisement
In 1945 , Grand Rapids , Mich. , became the first U.S. city to fluoridate as part of a long - term federal study .
In the 1950s and 60s , groups such as the John Birch Society warned that having government tamper with public water was the first step toward totalitarianism .
“ It ’s incredibly obvious , is n’t it ? ” the crazed Gen. Jack D. Ripper asked in the movie “ Dr. Strangelove , ” which lampooned Cold War fluoride opponents .
“ A foreign substance is introduced into our precious bodily fluids without the knowledge of the individual , and certainly without any choice .
That ’s the way your hard - core commie works . ”
Ed Edelman , who pushed fluoridation as a young Los Angeles city councilman , recalls being shocked by the vitriol .
“ People thought we were trying to put poison in the water , ” said Edelman , 77 .
“ They came out of the woodwork .
They were strange folks .
. . .
I hate to use the word ‘ crazies . ’
Nevertheless , I guess I can use it now . ”
Advertisement
Today , fluoride is n’t among the topics on the John Birch Society ’s website .
When William F. Jasper first went to work for the group in the mid-1970s , the fluoride fight had taken a back seat to more pressing issues .
“ We did have quite large files on fluoridation , ” said Jasper , a senior editor for the group ’s magazine .
“ I ’m sure we still do somewhere . ”
Jasper notes that the John Birch Society still opposes fluoridation as an abuse of government power .
But he was n’t aware that his hometown of Sacramento began adding fluoride to its water two years ago .
Advertisement
“ That was off my radar screen , ” Jasper said .
Fluoride opponents today argue that government and industry have conspired to shove fluorosilicic acid -- a byproduct of making phosphate fertilizers -- down the public ’s throat as a way to dispose of the stuff .
“ It ’s the largest single insult to the citizens of this nation in its history , ” said David Kennedy , a retired San Diego dentist and among the most outspoken opponents who keep the fight alive through such groups as the Web - based Fluoride Action Network .
Kennedy , 62 , who also has a degree in biochemistry and physiology , is past president of the International Academy of Oral Medicine and Toxicology , which has promoted research on the dangers of mercury in fillings .
Advertisement
Finding Kennedy is easy :
His home is the only one in his neighborhood with a large sign out front that reads , “ Warning .
Fluoride is Not Safe for a Baby ! ”
Kennedy , an articulate and intelligent defender of his views , is used to being dismissed as a wacko .
He could n’t care less .
“ If you dare say you are against fluorosilicic acid in our water , you get labeled as a kook .
That ’s their strategy :
You denigrate the source by saying , ‘ This is just junk science , ’ ” he said .
Kennedy has been at odds with his profession for years .
He has n’t used toothpaste since 1984 , insisting saliva contains the nutrients needed for healthy teeth .
“ There is no valid scientific evidence to support the benefits of fluoride .
. . .
The Centers for Disease Control ?
They ’re lying . ”
Advertisement
Because fluoride easily bonds with other chemicals it has been widely used in industry , including in the manufacture of steel , glass and ceramics .
More sinister , in the eyes of its critics , have been its uses in such things as rat poison and atomic bomb production .
And fluoride opponents can point to one indisputable fact :
The chemical is indeed dangerous , even in small amounts .
It ’s extremely corrosive -- an accidental spill of fluorosilicic acid on a Florida interstate a few years ago sent more than 50 people to hospitals .
Drinking an ounce would probably kill a person .
The amount considered optimal for teeth is minuscule by comparison .
The EPA allows dozens of dangerous chemicals to be added in minute amounts to public water for a variety of reasons .
Chlorine and ozone purify .
Hydrochloric acid makes water less alkaline ; sodium hydroxide makes it less acidic .
Aluminum sulfate makes it clearer .
Sodium chloride softens hard water .
What sets fluoride apart is that it is the only chemical specifically added to water as a health remedy .
Advertisement
“ The people who are against this -- they are so exercised over it , ” said Michael Easley , a Florida state health official who has been one of the nation ’s leading proponents of fluoridation for three decades .
“ Nobody drags anyone to a water faucet and makes them drink .
Dig a well .
Move out of the country . ”
When a panel of scientists last year reported that high fluoride levels could damage the tooth enamel of children and weaken adult bones , opponents of fluoridation cited the finding as more proof of the chemical ’s danger .
But the National Academies ’ National Research Council focused on the relatively small number of Americans who drink water with naturally occurring fluoride levels that are about four times the recommended concentration .
The report did n’t examine the risks or benefits of lower - level artificially fluoridated water .
Nevertheless , the council ’s report prompted the American Dental Assn. to recommend that reconstituted baby formula be made with fluoride - free water to reduce the risk of enamel fluorosis , which could permanently stain developing teeth .
The group continues to support fluoridation of drinking water .
Advertisement
That kind of scientific nuance , filtered through city council debates and voter initiatives -- and now the Internet -- has kept fluoride out of some water systems .
Still , about 170 million Americans , about two - thirds of the population , drink from public systems with the recommended amount of fluoride .
From the start , “ every city that wanted to add fluoride conducted public hearings that brought out all sorts of theories , ” Easley said .
“ If they held immunizations to the same standard -- bringing it before city councils or going to the ballot box with it -- I doubt the states would have programs requiring them . ”
California has been slow to adopt fluoride .
Prior to 1995 , California ranked 48th out of the 50 states in the percentage of people who drank fluoridated water .
That year , Easley helped write legislation passed by the Assembly which mandates that water providers fluoridate when money becomes available to retrofit their systems .
With the MWD ’s move and San Diego poised to add fluoride , California will soon be on par with the rest of the U.S .
In August , as the MWD prepared to begin adding fluoride , Kennedy spoke before the agency ’s board .
He insisted they had an obligation to warn customers that their children were about to be poisoned .
Advertisement
He spoke about three minutes .
There were no questions for him .
In the weeks that followed , there was little public outcry .
Being a fluoride warrior can be a lonely business .
“ I ’ve spent more of my own money and time on this than I need to , ” Kennedy said .
“ We have as a nation become idiots staring at boob tubes .
. . .
Did they forget how to read ?
Or are their brains damaged from exposure to fluoride ? ”
--
Advertisement
mike.anton@latimes.com
For
No arguments for this bill have been posted yet .
Be the first one !
Against
No arguments against this bill have been posted yet .
Be the first one !
The scanners may be set up in schools in major cities
Schools were given the legal right to search pupils suspected of carrying knives in 2006 , and a few are thought to have brought in detectors .
But a Home Office plan to deal with violent behaviour is due to be announced next month .
Head teachers say very few schools will take advantage of the powers , as most are peaceful and well - ordered .
Home Secretary Jacqui Smith told BBC
One 's the Andrew Marr show : " I think that it 's a good idea if we look at the ways in which in some schools it might be appropriate to use search arches - because I want young people to know that it does n't make them safer to carry a knife .
" It actually makes them more likely to be a victim . "
There are schools serving areas where knife crime is high in the community and it's right that these schools take measures to protect pupils
John Dunford
Association of School and College Leaders
The comments came in the wake of outcry over the murder of father of two Garry Newlove who was killed by a group of teenagers who had been drinking .
Ms Smith said the government was also looking at whether pricing and promotion had an influence on young people 's drinking habits .
Shadow Home Secretary David Davis said the installation of scanners in some schools was " long overdue " .
" The powers have existed for some time and we have been calling for this for some time .
However , while there are hundreds of scanners there are thousands of schools .
" We hope that - for a change - this initiative actually makes it beyond the front page . "
Chris Huhne , for the Liberal Democrats , said the move was " sad but necessary " and urged greater use of stop and search powers to combat knife crime .
John Bangs , of the National Union of Teachers , also broadly welcomed the plan , but stressed it would only be appropriate for a small number of schools where gang violence was a problem .
" It should be part of the armoury of keeping schools secure , when the head is worried about gangs outside , " he said .
' Knife crime '
He said he was aware of a small number of schools , including one primary school , which already had scanners .
The general secretary of the Association of School and College Leaders , John Dunford , said : " Most schools will still prefer to call in police to do searches if there is a suspicion of weapons , but a small minority will want to make direct use of search arches or the recently new powers for staff to conduct searches . "
Margaret Morrissey , of the National Confederation of Parent Teacher Associations , told BBC Five Live 's The Weekend News that " obviously and sadly " such measures were needed .
We are continuing to tackle knife crime through responsive policing and prevention projects
Home Office
But she raised concerns about the safety of those responsible for taking knives away from young people .
" There 's got to be a very secure back - up to this idea , " she said .
A Home Office spokesman said : " More detail will be available in the Tackling Violence Action Plan which the home secretary will publish in the next few weeks .
" We are continuing to tackle knife crime through responsive policing , and prevention projects which provide diversionary activities , training , peer mentoring and education projects . "
Books as Software
I wrote the first version of this on April 8 , 2006 in response to a question I was repeatedly asked about my programming languages textbook ( PLAI ) .
I revised this on April 26 , 2007 because the original question no longer applies : the book is now available in print , though with a significant caveat that keeps the original issues relevant .
( Futher revisions : August 28 , 2007 ; January 7 , 2008 ; April 1 , 2008 ( thanks , Vivek Pai ) ; August 14 , 2009 ( thanks , Benjamin Prosnitz ) ; Jan 24 , 2019 ( thanks , Peter Sibley ) . )
I welcome comments , especially the perspective of those whom I do not have ready access to , such as professional programmers or readers in developing countries .
When will PLAI appear in print ?
Short Answer # 1 :
It already does .
Download the book and engage your document reader 's print command .
Short Answer # 2 :
It does , but not under any publisher 's imprimatur .
It remains self - published , but is now offered in print at lulu.com .
Long Answer :
What people mean by this question is really , ``When will a formally recognized publisher publish this ? ''
Not for the foreseeable future .
If you can't get a contract , is it worth publishing ?
I have been offered contracts , by traditional publishers for whose wisdom and experience I have the highest respect .
Unfortunately , I am not convinced that the publishers can bring enough to the table relative to what the traditional publishing model takes away .
This , then , is an experiment .
Below are some of the considerations I see .
What benefits does a traditional publisher confer ?
Formality and Existence .
Bookstores can identify and sell it , libraries can index it , authors can cite it , and the general public can refer to it using traditional methods ( such as an ISBN — though now an author can obtain one directly ) .
It exists !
Its existence gives is weight and gravity ( literally and metaphorically ) .
Self - published books have a whiff of seediness .
.
Bookstores can identify and sell it , libraries can index it , authors can cite it , and the general public can refer to it using traditional methods ( such as an ISBN — though now an author can obtain one directly ) .
It exists !
Its existence gives is weight and gravity ( literally and metaphorically ) .
Self - published books have a whiff of seediness .
Physical Attraction .
The top academic publishing houses know a great deal about the physics of books : cover materials , paper , layout and typesetting , binding , and so forth .
There is a certain delight to holding and turning the pages of a good hardcover book .
.
The top academic publishing houses know a great deal about the physics of books : cover materials , paper , layout and typesetting , binding , and so forth .
There is a certain delight to holding and turning the pages of a good hardcover book .
Editorial Supervision .
Publishers have high - level knowledge about ideal lengths and content .
They also provide professional services such as copy - editing .
.
Publishers have high - level knowledge about ideal lengths and content .
They also provide professional services such as copy - editing .
International Dissemination .
The best publishers will try to find publishing houses that can produce low - cost international editions .
It 's easy for rich - world countries to forget , but if books seem expensive to them , they cannot begin to comprehend how much more expensive the same books are to an developing - country audience .
My reading as a youth was partially fueled by low - cost editions such as Prentice - Hall 's Eastern Economy Editions .
Beside me as I type stands a yellowing copy of Apostol 's Mathematical Analysis , published in India by a house called Narosa on behalf of Addison - Wesley .
.
The best publishers will try to find publishing houses that can produce low - cost international editions .
It 's easy for rich - world countries to forget , but if books seem expensive to them , they cannot begin to comprehend how much more expensive the same books are to an developing - country audience .
My reading as a youth was partially fueled by low - cost editions such as Prentice - Hall 's Eastern Economy Editions .
Beside me as I type stands a yellowing copy of Apostol 's , published in India by a house called Narosa on behalf of Addison - Wesley .
Advertising .
Publishers put out catalogs ; those of the best publishers are themselves beautiful objects that are a joy to browse .
They contact book - buyers .
They rent stalls at academic conferences .
Selling books is one of their core competences .
.
Publishers put out catalogs ; those of the best publishers are themselves beautiful objects that are a joy to browse .
They contact book - buyers .
They rent stalls at academic conferences .
Selling books is one of their core competences .
Ego Gratification .
I confess to great joy that copies of How to Design Programs are on the shelves of world - class bookstores like Foyles ( London ) or of beloved ones such as Gangaram 's ( Bangalore ) .
Attend an event at Dagstuhl and there 's your book right on the front shelf of the library .
That 's a thrill that is hard to quantify .
( Then again , in February 2007 the Dagstuhl library happily recognized my on - line PDF as a book and added a printed copy to their collection . )
.
I confess to great joy that copies of are on the shelves of world - class bookstores like Foyles ( London ) or of beloved ones such as Gangaram 's ( Bangalore ) .
Attend an event at Dagstuhl and there 's your book right on the front shelf of the library .
That 's a thrill that is hard to quantify .
( Then again , in February 2007 the Dagstuhl library happily recognized my on - line PDF as a book and added a printed copy to their collection . )
Money .
A percentage of the proceeds from sales are given to the author as a royalty .
A Counterpoint
These are all wonderful benefits , ranging from the very abstract to the very concrete .
So what 's not to like ?
Let 's take these on in order .
Formality and Existence .
This , my book will never have .
But how much does it matter ?
In today 's world , a URL seems to have as much stature as an ISBN , especially a URL that an author commits to keeping current .
As for gravity , I ( have to ) hope my own reputation and standing count for something ; if a user places less faith in my work than in a bound volume by an author with no standing in the research community , perhaps we have nothing to communicate anyway .
.
This , my book will never have .
But how much does it matter ?
In today 's world , a URL seems to have as much stature as an ISBN , especially a URL that an author commits to keeping current .
As for gravity , I ( have to ) hope my own reputation and standing count for something ; if a user places less faith in my work than in a bound volume by an author with no standing in the research community , perhaps we have nothing to communicate anyway .
Physical Attraction .
Right now , obviously , the publishing houses have a major advantage over me .
But will this last ?
Is n't it only a matter of time before some publishing house zeroes in on this world , and can offer small print runs with quick turn - around in a professional binding on smart paper ?
Why has n't O'Reilly done this already ?
Will Amazon ?
( At the time of originally writing this , in 2006 , I was n't aware of printing houses like lulu.com .
I found out about them shortly thereafter .
I wo n't pretend the print quality they produce , combined with my minimal artistic skill , matches the production values of an MIT or Cambridge University Press , but it 's good enough if you buy the rest of this essay . )
.
Right now , obviously , the publishing houses have a major advantage over me .
But will this last ?
Is n't it only a matter of time before some publishing house zeroes in on this world , and can offer small print runs with quick turn - around in a professional binding on smart paper ?
Why has n't O'Reilly done this already ?
Will Amazon ?
( At the time of originally writing this , in 2006 , I was n't aware of printing houses like lulu.com .
I found out about them shortly thereafter .
I wo n't pretend the print quality they produce , combined with my minimal artistic skill , matches the production values of an MIT or Cambridge University Press , but it 's good enough if you buy the rest of this essay . )
Editorial Supervision .
Another win for the publishers .
But maybe size is not an obstacle when the consumer can control content rather than having to accept it on an all - or - nothing basis , which I discuss in greater detail below .
And as for copy - editing , I work hard at it myself , and my readers are kind enough to send in comments .
If you have many eyes , do all bugs become shallow ?
.
Another win for the publishers .
But maybe size is not an obstacle when the consumer can control content rather than having to accept it on an all - or - nothing basis , which I discuss in greater detail below .
And as for copy - editing , I work hard at it myself , and my readers are kind enough to send in comments .
If you have many eyes , do all bugs become shallow ?
International Dissemination .
In principle I cannot compete with this , and I think this is a noble goal that is extremely important to me , personally , owing to my background .
But if that developing - world student has access to a computer and an Internet connection , they already have this book .
I have some evidence that this phenomenon is already in play .
.
In principle I cannot compete with this , and I think this is a noble goal that is extremely important to me , personally , owing to my background .
But if that developing - world student has access to a computer and an Internet connection , they already have this book .
I have some evidence that this phenomenon is already in play .
Advertising , Ego Gratification , Money .
This is easy : the publishers win hands - down .
But perhaps the publishing model of this book will earn it its own following ?
I have to hope it will ; otherwise I have no hope of competing , and a great deal of effort will have gone to waste .
All I have offered so far is a point - by - point refutation ( not especially strong , at that ) of the traditional publishing model .
As you have no doubt noticed , I have n't , in fact , really answered my own question : `` What 's not to like ? ''
Before I answer it directly , I 'd like to present a vision of what a book can be , then explain how this vision is itching to emerge in the use of my book .
Books as Software
For decades , we treated software like books .
We boxed it , wrapped it , bundled it up and shipped it to stores , where it was displayed on windows .
While many commercial software products still share several of these elements , the high - street software store has all but disappeared .
Its place has been taken by an increasingly agile deployment method , first from obscure FTP servers but now revolutionized in scale and convenience by the Web .
So why should n't books move in the same direction ?
This question deserves some introspection , not merely a affirmative shout from the radical gallery .
The question actually represents several concerns rolled into one , and it would help to unbundle them .
The most obvious problem is one of medium quality .
Have you tried reading a Project Guttenberg book on - line ?
I have , and I 've always failed .
I can , at best , get through small excerpts of Shakespearean plays before the medium becomes an obstacle .
But electronic content has its own obvious benefit , namely searchability ( which is how I find those Shakespeare fragments in the first place ) .
And disseminating camera - ready copy , as I effectively do , seems to strike a happy medium between these two extremes .
Next , do we even need to distribute upgrades ?
A literary reader might find this not only useless but , worse , horrifying .
But an academic textbook is not , primarily , a literary work .
A good book should demonstrate an endless series of innovations and improvements , just like a software package .
I find , from experience , that most of these changes are far closer in spirit to the software notion of ``versions '' than the publishing notion of ``editions ' ' .
This , in fact , is a realm in which software has taken a lead , making a distinction that traditional publishing could not : major - version numbers in software correspond to editions , while minor - version numbers represent smaller , more localized upgrades .
We can push the metaphor further and argue that a book is not so much a software package as a collection of software components .
Many textbooks make this explicit by providing a flow - diagram of dependencies between chapters , which are a representation of expected and provided interfaces .
Textbooks even indicate different routes through the material .
But the physical book can never correspond to these virtual routes : you have to take all or nothing .
If a professor wants to assemble a course from parts of five books , why should students suffer through that much bulk ?
Software linkers solve precisely this problem .
What 's Not to Like ?
In a word , control .
In the present publishing model , control rests in one place : with the publisher .
Once the author forks over their document , they are effectively at the mercy of an organization over which , no matter how benevolent ( as the academic publishing houses most assuredly are ) , neither the author nor the adopter has very much influence .
The author 's need for control stems from two simple forces : the constant stream of innovation , and the impossibility of predicting when that stream will bear new fruit ( if you will pardon my hashed metaphor ) .
To me , this is far from a hypothetical concern :
In 2001 , I entirely revised the presentation of continuations , using the Web as a driving metaphor .
( This was driven by hot - off - the - press research . )
In 2003 , I began to make programming - by - search an important part of the course .
In 2004 , I made programming - by - search the working example of a domain - specific embedding .
At the same time , Eli Barzilay began to experiment with embedding laziness in Scheme transparently enough that students could perform non-trivial experiments with it .
( Eli and John Clements have since written up this work . )
A year later , Matthew Flatt , with his characteristic ability to surprise and delight , created a dynamically - scoped version of Scheme .
In 2005 , Greg Cooper completely changed the way I thought about teaching garbage collection .
In one fell swoop , he both removed a huge volume of dependency in the book and entirely overhauled a student 's ability to experiment .
( Greg is writing this up formally . )
Is this kind of spate of innovation characteristic to textbooks ?
I do n't know , and it does n't matter .
Something about this book has inspired people to contribute , and I want to embrace their contributions .
( This suggests some kind of collaborative authoring , and indeed I have come to think of my text as a group product .
I still , however , cling to an old - fashioned notion that an author provides a vision and sets a tone for a book and , however limited that tone may be , it is often superior to the random walk of a collaborative document .
I am now wrestling with how to properly attribute credit to all these parties . )
These speak for returning control to the author .
Publishers can help authors by keeping print - runs small , but this ultimately becomes a matter of economics and business models .
I think this makes it hard for a publisher to embrace an author 's passion for disseminating a really great idea .
To a publisher , a new print run is not something you enter lightly .
To me , Greg 's ideas on teaching garbage collection were a sea-change , and I could n't wait to get them out there ; the Web let me do that .
There are many more reasons why authors benefit .
In a world where users have grown accustomed to being able to experiment with software before buying it , they are increasingly going to be drawn to books that offer the same facility .
A book you can sample is better than one you can't , but one you can use is better than one you sample .
Of course , I can afford to take this position because I know the royalties will never do more than pay for a nice dinner , so I can forego them entirely .
But an author who wanted the revenue and felt his content deserved it may be brave enough to set up a PayPal link and hope for his readers to do right by him .
( I do n't know statistics on how often corresponding software requests for donations are successful , but I am not sanguine . )
I have generally left money out of this critique , but if we address it we should from both sides , analyzing the agency costs inherent in publishing .
But how about the consumer ?
How do they benefit from agility ?
Most obviously , they and their students enjoy the fruits of the latest pedagogic inventions ; they can already do this for software , but books still lack disintermediation .
More importantly , no book is usually perfect : each professor has their own model of what a course should cover , and that model is never the same from one professor to the next .
This calls for a hybrid approach ( inasmuch as terminology and notation can be reconciled ) .
Indeed , while several universities appear to have adopted my book as an auxilliary text , some have adopted portions of it as primary material .
But if my book were to go physical , cost and weight would matter .
At present , you cannot have five ( fractional ) primary texts : students cannot afford it , and their backs cannot bear the load .
These arguments have primarily been directed at academic consumers .
In fact , I wish academic computer science texts would make a far greater effort to accommodate the large commercial population in our discipline : we need textbooks for hackers .
The best of them exhibit a drive for self - improvement that exceeds that of most of our students , but their sources of information are limited to Web sites often populated by those who have the most time , not those who know the most .
But many of these users are of the electronic generation , and lack access to the signposts erected inside academia to lead readers to the best sources of information .
I conjecture that a software - like dissemination model will appeal to them far more than traditional textbook publishing ( I contrast texts , here , to the manual - like realm that O'Reilly has mastered ) .
In fact , the only obstacle to publishing new versions almost daily is its effect on the user community .
A Web - based application can afford to make small changes on a regular basis , and users hardly notice .
But many users prefer reading books on paper , and it is impossible to align edits so that page numbers and page breaks are not disrupted by changes ( think of the student who keeps the printed content in a binder ) .
It is , even more importantly , disruptive to teachers to have to teach against a moving target .
For that reason alone , book upgrades should happen infrequently .
But this principle already governs software upgrades : DrScheme , for instance , is released only at well - defined points after the ends of semesters .
If anything , then , the author has a responsibility to restrain the exuberance that this model affords .
This brings me to my most provocative thesis .
Publishing Light : Books as Throw - Away Artifacts
I cringe to say this , as a reader and book - lover , but :
We live in a plastic era , but treat books as sacredly as our medieval academic brethren did .
Perhaps we have gone too far in the respect we afford .
To most of our students , books are already throw - away artifacts , except they are too dear to literally dispose ; but how many keep their textbooks after a semester finishes ?
We can wring our hands , or we can try to understand better the way they function .
We do not fret if they uninstall software , so why should a textbook be less ephemeral ?
I have said that a book is a collection of components .
I have concrete evidence that some of my users specifically excerpt sections that suit their purpose .
What excited me so much about Greg 's garbage collection approach is that it helped me explicitly reduce dependencies on other chapters , i.e. , to shrink that component 's required interface .
So this modularity is very much central to the way others and I think about the book .
I forecast that one day , rich document formats like PDF will recognize this reality and permit precisely such specifications .
Then , when a user selects a group of desired chapters to generate a thinner volume , the software will automatically evaluate constraints and include all dependencies .
To enable this we will even need ``program '' analyses that help us find all the dependencies , using textual concordances as a starting point and the index as an auxilliary data structure .
( As an aside , for some years now I have already wished I could do this to generate personalized , mini - travel guides .
I am a carry - on traveler .
I detest having to choose between the medium - sized volume that covers one city in great detail and the fat volume that covers a country slimly , when what I want is to visit three or four cities .
I abhor having to lug around hotel guides to cities where I have long since made reservations .
I would rather have a restaurant listing of three vegetarian restaurants than a dozen seafood ones .
And I would gladly pay for the privilege .
When will a travel publisher cotton on to this idea ? 
And if this idea does not strike you as a violence to the notion of a book , why should the analogous suggestion for textbooks upset you ? )
This is not to suggest that books and publishers must go their separate ways , and never the twain should meet .
My critique is , rather , based on the present model and the evolving world in which that model is forced to function .
Until the publishers evolve more flexible dissemination models , they cannot properly accommodate either producer or consumer .
U.S. owes Iraq $ 208 million , auditor says / Gouging , shoddy work by Halliburton blamed
An auditing board sponsored by the United Nations recommended Friday that the United States repay as much as $ 208 million to the Iraqi government for contracting work in 2003 and 2004 assigned to Kellogg , Brown & Root , the Halliburton Co. subsidiary .
The work was paid for with Iraqi oil proceeds , but the board says it was either carried out at inflated prices or done poorly .
The board did not give examples of poor work .
Some of the work involved postwar fuel imports carried out by KBR that previous audits have criticized as grossly overpriced .
But this is the first time that an international auditing group has suggested that the United States repay some of that money to Iraq .
The U.N. group , the International Advisory and Monitoring Board of the Development Fund for Iraq , compiled reports from an array of Pentagon , U.S. government and private auditors to carry out its analysis .
A spokeswoman for Halliburton , Cathy Mann , said the questions raised in the military audits , carried out in the Pentagon 's Defense Contract Auditing Agency , had largely focused on issues of paperwork and documentation and alleged nothing about the quality of the work done by KBR .
The monitoring board relied heavily on the Pentagon audits in drawing its conclusions .
Mann said , in an e-mail response to questions , that " it would be completely wrong to say or imply that any of these costs that were incurred at the client 's direction for its benefit are ' overcharges . ' "
The monitoring board , created by the United Nations specifically to oversee the Development Fund -- which includes Iraqi oil revenues and some money seized from Saddam Hussein 's government -- said that because the audits were continuing , it was too early to say how much of the $ 208 million should ultimately be paid back .
The KBR contracts that have drawn fresh scrutiny also cover services other than fuel deliveries , like building and repairing oil pipelines and installing emergency power generators in Iraq .
The documents released Friday by the monitoring board do not detail problems with specific tasks in those broad categories but instead summarize a series of newly disclosed audits that call into question $ 208,491,382 of the company 's work in Iraq .
The monitoring board 's authority extends only to making recommendations on any reimbursement .
It would be up to the U.S. government to decide whether to make the payments , and who should make them .
Vice President Dick Cheney 's former role as chief executive of Halliburton has led to repeated charges , uniformly dismissed by Cheney and the company , that it received preferential treatment in receiving Iraq - related contracts .
" The Bush administration repeatedly gave Halliburton special treatment and allowed the company to gouge both U.S. taxpayers and the Iraqi people , " Rep. Henry Waxman , D - Los Angeles , the senior Democrat on the House Government Reform Committee , said in a statement on the new audits .
In Iraq on Friday , insurgent attacks -- including one in which the attackers disguised themselves as women -- left at least 16 Iraqis dead .
Al Qaeda in Iraq , the leading insurgency group , said in a statement posted on an Islamist Web site that two Moroccan Embassy employees had been condemned to death , the Associated Press reported .
There was no indication Friday that they had been killed .
The U.S. military said Friday that two more soldiers had died the previous day , one in a noncombat incident and one when his convoy struck an explosive .
In the day 's deadliest assault , insurgents dressed in women 's clothing attacked a police checkpoint in Buhruz , 35 miles north of Baghdad , killing at least six Iraqi police and injuring at least 10 others , U.S. and Iraqi officials said .
The gunmen were armed with Kalashnikov assault rifles , rocket - propelled grenades and mortars , and pulled up in five cars , an Interior Ministry official said .
The policemen managed to kill at least two of the gunmen , he added .
Gabriel Matthew Schivone
interviews
NOAM CHOMSKY
Noam Chomsky , University Professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , founder of the modern science of linguistics and political activist , is a powerhouse of anti-imperialist activism in the United States today .
The interview is republished with the permission of ZNET .
________________
THE RESPONSIBILITY OF INTELLECTUALS
GABRIEL MATTHEW SCHIVONE :
What makes students a natural audience to speak to ?
And do you think it 's worth ' speaking truth ' to the professional scholarship as well or differently ?
Are there any short - or long - term possibilities here ?
CHOMSKY : I 'm always uneasy about the concept of " speaking truth , " as if we somehow know the truth and only have to enlighten others who have not risen to our elevated level .
The search for truth is a cooperative , unending endeavour .
We can , and should , engage in it to the extent we can and encourage others to do so as well , seeking to free ourselves from constraints imposed by coercive institutions , dogma , irrationality , excessive conformity and lack of initiative and imagination , and numerous other obstacles .
As for possibilities , they are limited only by will and choice .
Students are at a stage of their lives where these choices are most urgent and compelling , and when they also enjoy unusual , if not unique , freedom and opportunity to explore the choices available , to evaluate them , and to pursue them .
GMS : In your view , what is it about the privileges within university education and academic scholarship which , as you assert in some of the things you 've written , correlate with them a greater responsibility for catastrophic atrocities such as the Vietnam War or those in the Middle East in which the United States is now involved ?
CHOMSKY : Well , there are really some moral truisms .
One of them is that opportunity confers responsibility .
If you have very limited opportunities , then you have limited responsibility for what you do .
If you have substantial opportunity you have greater responsibility for what you do .
I mean , that 's kind of elementary , I do n't know how it can be discussed .
And the people who we call ' intellectuals ' are just those who happen to have substantial opportunity .
They have privilege , they have resources , they have training .
In our society , they have a high degree of freedom - not a hundred percent , but quite a lot - and that gives them a range of choices that they can pursue with a fair degree of freedom , and that hence simply confers responsibility for the predictable consequences of the choices they make .
GMS : I think it may do well for us to go over a bit the beginnings and evolution of the ideological currents which now prevail throughout modern social intellectual life in the U.S.
Essentially , from where may we trace the development of this strong coterie of technical experts in the schools , and elsewhere , sometimes having been referred to as a ' bought ' or ' secular priesthood ' ?
CHOMSKY : Well , it really goes back to the latter - part of the nineteenth century , when there was substantial discussion -- not just in the United States but in Europe , too -- of what was then sometimes called ' a new class ' of scientific intellectuals .
In that period of time there was a level of knowledge and technical expertise accumulating that allowed a kind of managerial class of educated , trained people to have a greater share in decision - making and planning .
It was thought that they were a new class displacing the aristocracy , the owners , political leaders and so on , and they could have a larger role - and of course they liked that idea .
Out of this group developed an ideology of technocratic planning .
In industry it was called ' scientific management ' .
It developed in intellectual life with a concept of what was called a ' responsible class ' of technocratic , serious intellectuals who could solve the world 's problems rationally , and would have to be protected from the ' vulgar masses ' who might interfere with them .
And it goes right up until the present .
Just how realistic this is , is another question , but for the class of technical intellectuals , it 's a very attractive conception that , ' We are the rational , intelligent people , and management and decision - making should be in our hands . '
Actually , as I 've pointed out in some of the things I 've written , it 's very close to Bolshevism .
And , in fact , if you put side - by - side , say , statements by people like Robert McNamara and V.I. Lenin , it 's strikingly similar .
In both cases there 's a conception of a vanguard of rational planners who know the direction that society ought to go and can make efficient decisions , and have to be allowed to do so without interference from , what one of them , Walter Lippmann , called the ' meddlesome and ignorant outsiders , ' namely , the population , who just get in the way .
It 's not an entirely new conception : it 's just a new category of people .
Two hundred years ago you did n't have an easily identifiable class of technical intellectuals , just generally educated people .
But as scientific and technical progress increased there were people who felt they can appropriate it and become the proper managers of the society , in every domain .
That , as I said , goes from scientific management in industry , to social and political control .
There are periods in history , for example , during the Kennedy years , when these ideas really flourished .
There were , as they called themselves , ' the best and the brightest . '
The ' smart guys ' who could run everything if only they were allowed to ; who could do things scientifically without people getting in their way .
It 's a pretty constant strain , and understandable .
And it underlies the fear and dislike of democracy that runs through elite culture always , and very dramatically right now .
It often correlates closely with posturing about love of democracy .
As any reader of Orwell would expect , these two things tend to correlate .
The more you hate democracy , the more you talk about how wonderful it is and how much you 're dedicated to it .
It 's one of the clearer expressions of the visceral fear and dislike of democracy , and of allowing , again , going back to Lippmann , the ' ignorant and meddlesome outsiders ' to get in our way .
They have to be distracted and marginalized somehow while we can take care of the serious questions .
Now , that 's the basic strain .
And you find it all the time , but increasingly in the modern period when , at least , claims to expertise become somewhat more plausible .
Whether they 're authentic or not is , again , a different question .
But , the claims to expertise are very striking .
So , economists tell you , ' We know how to run the economy ' ; the political scientists tell you , ' We know how to run the world , and you keep out of it because you do n't have special knowledge and training . '
When you look at it , the claims tend to erode pretty quickly .
It 's not quantum physics ; there is , at least , a pretence , and sometimes , some justification for the claims .
But what matters for human life is , typically , well within the reach of the concerned person who is willing to undertake some effort .
GMS : Given the , albeit , self - proclaimed notion that this new class is entitled to decision - making , how close are they to actual policy , then ?
CHOMSKY : My feeling is that they 're nowhere near as powerful as they think they are .
So , when , say , John Kenneth Galbraith wrote about the technocratic elite which is taking over the running of society - or when McNamara wrote about it , or others -- there 's a lot of illusion there .
Meaning , they can gain positions of authority and decision - making when they act in the interests of those who really own and run the society .
You can have people that are just as competent , or more competent , and who have conceptions of social and economic order that run counter to , say , corporate power , and they 're not going to be in the planning sectors .
So , to get into those planning sectors you first of all have to conform to the interests of the real concentrations of power .
And , again , there are a lot of illusions about this -- in the media , too .
Tom Wicker is a famous example , one of the ' left commentators ' of the New York Times .
He would get very angry when critics would tell him he 's conforming to power interests and that he 's keeping within the doctrinal framework of the media , which goes back to their corporate structure and so on .
And he would answer , very angrily - and correctly - that nobody tells him what to say .
He writes anything he wants -- which is absolutely true .
But if he was n't writing the things he did he would n't have a column in the New York Times .
That 's the kind of thing that is very hard to perceive .
People do not want -- or often are not able - to perceive that they are conforming to external authority .
They feel themselves to be very free -- and indeed they are - as long as they conform .
But power lies elsewhere .
That 's as old as history in the modern period .
It 's often very explicit .
Adam Smith , for example , discussing England , quite interestingly pointed out that the merchants and manufacturers - the economic forces of his day - are the ' principal architects of policy ' , and they make sure that their own interests are ' most peculiarly attended to ' , no matter how grievous the effect on others , including the people in England .
And that 's a good principle of statecraft , and social and economic planning , which runs pretty much to the present .
When you get people with management and decision -- making skills , they can enter into that system and they can make the actual decisions - within a framework that 's set within the real concentrations of power .
And now it's not the merchants and manufacturers of Adam Smith 's day , it 's the multinational corporations , financial institutions , and so on .
But , stray too far beyond their concerns and you wo n't be the decision - maker .
It 's not a mechanical phenomenon , but it 's overwhelmingly true that the people who make it to decision - making positions ( that is , what they think of as decision - making positions ) are those who conform to the basic framework of the people who fundamentally own and run the society .
That 's why you have a certain choice of technocratic managers and not some other choice of people equally or better capable of carrying out policies but have different ideas .
GMS : What about degrees of responsibility and shared burdens of guilt on an individual level ?
What can we learn about how one views oneself often in positions of power or authority ?
CHOMSKY : You almost never find anyone , whether it's in a weapons plant , or planning agency , or in corporate management , or almost anywhere , who says , ' I 'm really a bad guy , and I just want to do things that benefit myself and my friends . '
Almost invariably you get noble rhetoric like : ' We 're working for the benefit of the people . '
The corporate executive who is slaving for the benefit of the workers and community ; the friendly banker who just wants to help everybody start their business ; the political leader who 's trying to bring freedom and justice to the world - and they probably all believe it .
I 'm not suggesting that they 're lying .
There 's an array of routine justifications for whatever you 're doing .
And it 's easy to believe them .
It 's very hard to look into the mirror and say , ' Yeah , that guy looking at me is a vicious criminal . '
It 's much easier to say , ' That guy looking at me is really very benign , self - sacrificing , and he has to do these things because it's for the benefit of everyone . '
Or you get respected moralists like Reinhold Niebuhr , who was once called ' the theologian of the establishment . '
And the reason is because he presented a framework which , essentially , justified just about anything they wanted to do .
His thesis is dressed up in long words and so on ( it 's what you do if you 're an intellectual ) .
But what it came down to is that , ' Even if you try to do good , evil 's going to come out of it ; that 's the paradox of grace . '
And that 's wonderful for war criminals .
' We try to do good but evil necessarily comes out of it . '
And it 's influential .
So , I do n't think that people in decision - making positions are lying when they describe themselves as benevolent .
Or people working on more advanced nuclear weapons .
Ask them what they 're doing , they 'll say : ' We 're trying to preserve the peace of the world . '
People who are devising military strategies that are massacring people , they 'll say , ' Well , that 's the cost you have to pay for freedom and justice , ' and so on .
But , we do n't take those sentiments seriously when we hear them from enemies , say , from Stalinist commissars .
They 'll give you the same answers .
But , we do n't take that seriously because they can know what they 're doing if they choose to .
If they choose not to , that 's their choice .
If they choose to believe self - satisfying propaganda , that 's their choice .
But it does n't change the moral responsibility .
We understand that perfectly well with regard to others .
It 's very hard to apply the same reasoning to ourselves .
In fact , one of the - maybe the most - elementary of moral principles is that of universality , that is , If something 's right for me , it 's right for you ; if it 's wrong for you , it 's wrong for me .
Any moral code that is even worth looking at has that at its core somehow .
But that principle is overwhelmingly disregarded all the time .
If you want to run through examples we can easily do it .
Take , say , George W. Bush , since he happens to be president .
If you apply the standards that we applied to Nazi war criminals at Nuremberg , he'd be hanged .
Is it an even conceivable possibility ?
It 's not even discussable .
Because we do n't apply to ourselves the principles we apply to others .
There 's a lot of talk about ' terror ' and how awful it is .
Whose terror ?
Our terror against them ?
I mean , is that considered reprehensible ?
No , it 's considered highly moral ; it 's considered self - defense .
Now , their terror against us , that 's awful , and terrible .
But , to try to rise to the level of becoming a minimal moral agent , and just enter in the domain of moral discourse is very difficult .
Because that means accepting the principle of universality .
And you can experiment for yourself and see how often that 's accepted , either in personal or political life .
Very rarely .
GMS : What about criminal responsibility and intellectuals ?
Nuremberg is an interesting precedent .
CHOMSKY : The Nuremberg case is a very interesting precedent .
First of all , the Nuremberg trials -- of all the tribunals that have taken place , from then until today – is by far the most serious .
Nevertheless , it was very seriously flawed , and was recognized as such .
When Telford Taylor , the chief prosecutor , wrote about it , he recognized that it was flawed for a number of fundamental reasons .
For one thing , the Nazi war criminals were being tried for crimes that had not yet been declared to be crimes .
So , it was ex post facto .
' We 're now declaring these things you did to be crimes . '
That is already questionable .
Secondly , the choice of what was considered a crime was based on a very explicit criterion , namely , denial of the principle of universality .
In other words , something was called a crime at Nuremberg if they did it and we did n't do it .
So , for example , the bombing of urban concentrations was not considered a crime .
The bombings of Tokyo , Dresden are n't crimes .
Why ?
Because we did them .
So , therefore , it 's not a crime .
In fact , Nazi war criminals who were charged were able to escape prosecution when they could show that the Americans and the British did the same thing they did .
Admiral Doenitz , a submarine commander who was involved in all kinds of war crimes , called in the defense a high official in the British admiralty and , I think , Admiral Nimitz from the United States , who testified that , ' Yeah , that 's the kind of thing we did . '
And , therefore , they were n't sentenced for these crimes .
Doenitz was absolved .
And that 's the way it ran through .
Now , that 's a very serious flaw .
Nevertheless , of all the tribunals , that 's the most serious one .
When Chief Justice Jackson , chief counsel for the prosecution , spoke to the tribunal and explained to them the importance of what they were doing , he said , to paraphrase , that : ' We are handing these defendants a poisoned chalice , and if we ever sip from it we must be subject to the same punishments , otherwise this whole trial is a farce . '
Well , you can look at the history from then on , and we 've sipped from the poisoned chalice many times , but it 's never been considered a crime .
So , that means we are saying that trial was a farce .
Interestingly , in Jackson 's opening statement he claimed that the defense did not wish to incriminate the whole German populace from whence the defendants came , but only the " planners and designers " of those crimes , " the inciters and leaders without whose evil architecture the world would not have been for so long scourged with the violence and lawlessness of this terrible war . "
That 's correct .
And that 's another principle which we flatly reject .
So , at Nuremberg , we were n't trying the people who threw Jews into crematoria ; we were trying the leaders .
When we ever have a trial for crimes it's of some low - level person - like a torturer from Abu Ghraib -- not the people who were setting up the framework from which they operate .
And we certainly do n't try political leaders for the crime of aggression .
That 's out of the question .
The invasion of Iraq was about as clear - cut a case of aggression than you can imagine .
In fact , by the Nuremberg principles , if you read them carefully , the U.S. war against Nicaragua was a crime of aggression for which Ronald Reagan should have been tried .
But , it 's inconceivable ; you can't even mention it in the West .
And the reason is our radical denial of the most elementary moral truisms .
We just flatly reject them .
We do n't even think we reject them , and that 's even worse than rejecting them outright .
I mean , if we were able to say to ourselves , ' Look , we are totally immoral , we do n't accept elementary moral principles , ' that would be a kind of respectable position in a certain way .
But , when we sink to the level where we cannot even perceive that we 're violating elementary moral principles and international law , that 's pretty bad .
But that 's the nature of the intellectual culture -- not just in the United States -- but in powerful societies everywhere .
GMS : You mentioned Doenitz escaping culpability for his crimes .
Two who did n't escape punishment and were among the most severely punished at Nuremberg were Julius Streicher , an editor of a major newspaper , and Dr. Wolfram Sievers of the Ahnenerbe Society 's Institute of Military Scientific Research , whose own crimes were traced back to the University of Strasbourg .
Not the typical people prosecuted for international war crimes given their civilian professions .
CHOMSKY : And there 's a justification for that , namely , those defendants could understand what they were doing .
They could understand the consequences of the work that they were carrying out .
But , of course , if we were to accept this awful principle of universality , that would have a pretty long reach -- to journalists , university researchers etc .
GMS : Let me quote for you the mission statement of the Army Research Office .
This " premier extramural " research agency of the Army is grounded upon " developing and exploiting innovative advances to insure the Nation 's technological superiority . "
It executes this mission " through conduct of an aggressive basic science research program on behalf of the Army so that cutting - edge scientific discoveries and the general store of scientific knowledge will be optimally used to develop and improve weapons systems that establish land - force dominance . "
CHOMSKY : This is a pentagon office , and they 're doing their job .
In our system , the military is under civilian control .
Civilians assign a certain task to the military : their job is to obey , and carry the role out , otherwise you quit .
That 's what it means to have a military under civilian control .
So , you can't really blame them for their mission statement .
They 're doing what they 're told to do by the civilian authorities .
The civilian authorities are the culpable ones .
If we do n't like those policies ( and I do n't , and you do n't ) , then we go back to those civilians who designed the framework and gave the orders .
You can , as the Nuremberg precedents indicated , be charged with obeying illegal orders , but that 's often a stretch .
If a person is in a position of military command , they are sworn , in fact , to obey civilian orders , even if they do n't like them .
If you say they 're really just criminal orders , then , yes , they can reject them , and get into trouble and so on .
But this is just carrying out the function that they 're ordered to carry out .
So , we go straight back to the civilian authority and then to the general intellectual culture , which regards this as proper and legitimate .
And now we 're back to universities , newspapers , the centers of the doctrinal system .
GMS : It 's just the forthright honesty of the mission statement which is also very striking , I think .
CHOMSKY : Well , it 's like going to an armoury and finding out they 're making better guns .
That 's what they 're supposed to do .
Their orders are , ' Make this gun work better . '
And , if they 're honest , they 'll say , ' that 's what we 're doing ; that 's what the civilian authorities told us to do . '
At some point , people have to ask , ' Do I want to make a better gun ? '
That 's where the Nuremberg issues arise .
But , you really can't blame people very severely for carrying out the orders that they 're told to carry out when there 's nothing in the culture that tells them there 's anything wrong with it .
I mean , you have to be kind of like a moral hero to perceive it , to break out of the cultural framework and say , ' Look , what I 'm doing is wrong . '
Like somebody who deserts from the army because they think the war is wrong .
That 's not the place to assign guilt , I think .
Just as at Nuremberg .
As I said , they did n't try the SS guards who threw people into crematoria , at Nuremberg .
They might have been tried elsewhere , but not at Nuremberg .
GMS : But , in this case , the results of the ARO 's mission statement in harvesting scholarly work for better weapons design , it 's professors , scholars , researchers , scientific designers , etc. , who have these choices to focus serious intellectual effort and to be so used for such ends , and who are n't acting necessarily from direct orders but are acting more out of freewill .
CHOMSKY : It 's freewill , but do n't forget that there 's a general intellectual culture that raises no objection to this .
Let 's take the Iraq war .
There 's libraries of material arguing about the war , debating it , asking ' What should we do ? '
Now , try to find a sentence somewhere that says that ' carrying out a war of aggression is the supreme international crime , which differs from other war crimes in that it encompasses all the evil that follows ' ( paraphrasing from Nuremberg ) .
Try to find that somewhere .
I mean , you can find it .
I 've written about it , and you can find a couple other dozen people who have written about it in the world .
But is it part of the intellectual culture ?
Can you find it in a newspaper , or in a journal ; in Congress ; any public discourse ; anything that 's part of the general exchange of knowledge and ideas ?
Do students study it in school ?
Do they have courses where they teach students that ' to carry out a war of aggression is the supreme international crime which encompasses all the evil that follows ? '
So , for example , if sectarian warfare is a horrible atrocity , as it is , who 's responsible ?
By the principles of Nuremberg , Bush , Rumsfeld , Cheney , Wolfowitz , Rice -- they 're responsible for sectarian warfare because they carried out the supreme international crime which encompasses all the evil that follows .
Try and find somebody who points that out .
You can't .
Because our dominant intellectual culture accepts as legitimate our crushing anybody we like .
And take Iran .
Both political parties -- and practically the whole press -- accept it as legitimate and , in fact , honourable , that ' all options are on the table , ' presumably including nuclear weapons , to quote Hilary Clinton and everyone else .
' All options are on the table ' means we threaten war .
Well , there 's something called the U.N. Charter , which outlaws ' the threat or use of force ' in international affairs .
Does anybody care ?
Actually , I saw one op - ed somewhere by Ray Takeyh , an Iran specialist close to the government , who pointed out that threats are serious violations of international law .
But that 's so rare that when you find it it 's like finding a diamond in a pile of hay or something .
It 's not part of the culture .
We 're allowed to threaten anyone we want , and to attack anyone we want .
And , when a person grows up and acts in a culture like that , they 're culpable in a sense , but the culpability is much broader .
I was just reading a couple days ago a review of a new book by Steven Miles , a medical doctor and bio-ethicist , who ran through 35,000 pages of documents he got from the Freedom of Information Act on the torture in Abu Ghraib .
And the question that concerned him is , ' What were the doctors doing during all of this ? '
All through those torture sessions there were doctors , nurses , behavioural scientists and others who were organizing them .
What were they doing when this torture was going on ?
Well , you go through the detailed record and it turns out that they were designing and improving it .
Just like Nazi doctors .
Robert Jay Lifton did a big study on Nazi doctors .
He points out in connection with the Nazi doctors that , in a way , it 's not those individual doctors who had the final guilt , it was a culture and a society which accepted torture and criminal activities as legitimate .
The same is true with the tortures at Abu Ghraib .
I mean , just to focus on them as if they 're somehow terrible people is just a serious mistake .
They 're coming out of a culture that regards this as legitimate .
Maybe there are some excesses you do n't really do but torture in interrogation is considered legitimate .
There 's a big debate now on , ' Who 's an enemy combatant ? ' a big technical debate .
Suppose we invade another country and we capture somebody who 's defending the country against our invasion : what do you mean to call them an 'enemy combatant ? '
If some country invaded the United States and let 's say you were captured throwing a rock at one of the soldiers , would it be legitimate to send you to the equivalent of Guantanamo , and then have a debate about whether you 're a ' lawful ' or ' unlawful ' combatant ?
The whole discussion is kind of , like , off in outer space somewhere .
But , in a culture which accepts that we own and rule the world , it 's reasonable .
But , also , we should go back to the roots of the intellectual or moral culture , not just to the individuals directly involved .
GMS : There seems to be some very serious aberrations and defects in our society and our level of culture .
How , in your view , might they be corrected and a new level of culture be established , say , one in which torture is n't accepted ?
( After all , slavery and child labour were each accepted for a long period of time and now are not ) .
CHOMSKY : Your examples give the answer to the question , the only answer that has ever been known .
Slavery and child labour did n't become unacceptable by magic .
It took hard , dedicated , courageous work by lots of people .
The same is true of torture , which was once completely routine .
If I remember correctly , the renowned Norwegian criminologist Nils Christie wrote somewhere that prisons began to proliferate in Norway in the early 19th century .
They were n't much needed before , when the punishment for robbery could be driving a stake through the hand of the accused .
Now it 's perhaps the most civilized country on earth .
There has been a gradual codification of constraints against torture , and they have had some effect , though only limited , even before the Bush regression to savagery .
Alfred McCoy 's work reviews that ugly history .
Still , there is improvement , and there can be more if enough people are willing to undertake the efforts that led to large - scale rejection of slavery and child labour -- still far from complete .
Chris Matthews had barely finished praising his colleagues at the 10th anniversary party for his “ Hardball ” show Thursday night in Washington , D.C. when his remarks turned political and pointed , even suggesting that the Bush administration had “ finally been caught in their criminality . ”
In front of an audience that included such notables as Alan Greenspan , Rep. Patrick Kennedy and Sen .
Ted Kennedy , Matthews began his remarks by declaring that he wanted to “ make some news ” and he certainly did n’t disappoint .
After praising the drafters of the First Amendment for allowing him to make a living , he outlined what he said was the fundamental difference between the Bush and Clinton administrations .
The Clinton camp , he said , never put pressure on his bosses to silence him .
“ Not so this crowd , ”  he added , explaining that Bush White House officials — especially those from Vice President Cheney ’s office — called MSNBC brass to complain about the content of his show and attempted to influence its editorial content .
“ They will not silence me ! ” Matthews declared .
Read More
MOBILE , Alabama ( Reuters ) -
An Alabama father confessed to throwing his four young children from a high - rise bridge into coastal waters after an argument with his wife , police said on Wednesday .
Lam Luong , 37 , of Irvington , Alabama , was charged with four counts of murder and was being held in the Mobile County , Alabama , jail .
He was scheduled for a bond hearing on Thursday .
Searchers in boats and helicopters were scouring 100 square miles of coastal Alabama waterways for the children , who ranged in age from four months to three years and were presumed dead .
Investigators said Luong first reported the children missing on Monday but later admitted he threw them from the 80 - foot ( 24 - metre ) bridge connecting the Alabama mainland to Dauphin Island near Mobile following a dispute with his wife .
“ We ’re doing an extensive search , ” said Sgt. Jerry Taylor of the Mobile County Sheriff ’s Department .
Seven law enforcement agencies , including the U.S. Coast Guard , joined the search , which resumed at daybreak on Wednesday after being called off Tuesday night due to rough water and fog .
Divers were also involved in the search for the bodies of the children , along with boats using sonar .
Police identified the children as 4 - month - old Danny Luong ; Lindsey Luong , 1 ; Hannah Luong , 2 ; and 3 - year - old Ryan Phan .
Local media , citing a law enforcement official , said Phan was not Luong ’s biological child but the suspect had raised the boy from the time he was an infant .
Mobile County Sheriff Sam Cochran said authorities were confident the children would be found , but “ we do n’t believe the chance of someone being in the water here alive is very good , ” the Mobile Press - Register reported on its web site .
Should we tax tall workers at a higher rate than their shorter peers ?
The answer  yes  “ follows inexorably ” from reigning academic theories of taxation , argues Greg Mankiw , an economics professor at Harvard ( and former chairman of President George W. Bush ’s Council of Economic Advisers ) , in a working paper first circulated in April .
Optimal - tax theory is an area of economics that deals with such questions as whether the I.R.S. should treat capital gains and wages the same .
Its larger aim is to design ways to raise money for public use without distorting economic choices .
A key insight in the field is that an optimal taxer seeks to avoid penalizing effort .
Therefore , any moneymaking quality that can be clearly set apart from effort is of special interest .
Height is a prime example , according to Mankiw and his graduate student Matthew Weinzierl , because of its surprisingly strong correlation with income .
According to one study they cite , the typical 6 - foot American earned $ 5,525 more than a 5 - foot - 5 - inch worker , after correcting for sex , age and weight .
One possible explanation for the height - income correlation is that height breeds self - esteem from the teenage years onward ; another is that tall people were , on average , better nourished as infants and so tote around a few extra I.Q. points in their craniums .
In either case , their money bonus does not derive from their own effort , so taxing it would cause no economic distortions .
Using optimal - taxation formulas , Mankiw and Weinzierl crunch the numbers and come up with a “ tall tax ” amounting to 7 percent of a tall person ’s income .
Short people would receive a 13 percent rebate .
Do Mankiw and Weinzierl actually endorse such a system ?
Far from it .
Rather , they argue , the proposed tax clarifies our thinking about taxation in general .
They say that height is a “ justly acquired endowment ” : it is not unfairly wrested from anyone else , so the state has no right to seize its fruits .
By the same logic , they imply ( though they do not state outright ) that the government has no right to force someone with the “ justly acquired endowment ” of entrepreneurial genius to pay a higher tax rate .
Functional Programming Archaeology
John Backus 's Turing Award Lecture from 1977 , Can Programming be Liberated from the Von Neumann Style ?
( warning : large PDF ) was a key event in the history of functional programming .
All of the ideas in the paper by no means originated with Backus , and Dijkstra publicly criticized it for being poorly thought through , but it did spur interest in functional programming research which eventually led to languages such as Haskell .
And the paper is historically interesting as the crystallization of the beliefs about the benefits of functional programming at the time .
There are two which jump out at me .
The first is concurrency as a primary motivation .
If a program is just a series of side effect - free expressions , then there 's no requirement that programs be executed sequentially .
In a function call like this :
f( ExpressionA , ExpressionB , ExpressionC )
the three expressions have no interdependencies and can be executed in parallel .
This could , in theory , apply all the way down to pieces of expressions .
In this snippet of code :
( a + b ) * ( c + d)
the two additions could be performed at the same time .
This fine - grained concurrency was seen as a key benefit of purely functional programming languages , but it fizzled , both because of the difficulty in determining how to parallelize programs efficiently and because it was a poor match for monolithic CPUs .
The second belief which has dropped off the radar since 1977 is the concept of an algebra of programs .
Take this simple C expression :
!x
Assuming x is a truth value - - either 0 or 1 -- then !x gives the same result as these expressions :
1 - x x ^ 1 ( x + 1 ) & 1
If the last of these appeared in code , then it could be mechanically translated to one of the simpler equivalents .
Going further , you could imagine an interactive tool that would allow substitution of equivalent expressions , maybe even pointing out expressions that can be simplified .
Now in C this is n't all that useful .
And in Erlang or Haskell it 's not all that useful either , unless you avoid writing explicitly recursive functions with named values and instead express programs as a series of canned manipulations .
This is the so - called point - free style which has a reputation for density to the point of opaqueness .
In Haskell code , point - free style is common , but not aggressively so .
Rather than trying to work out a way to express a computation as the application of existing primitives , it 's usually easier to write an explicitly recursive function .
Haskell programmers are n't taught to lean on core primitive functions wherever possible , and core primitive functions were n't necessarily designed with that goal in mind .
Sure , there 's the usual map and fold and so on , but not a set of functions that would allow 90 % of all programs to be expressed as application of those primitives .
Can Programming be Liberated ... introduced fp , a language which did n't catch on and left very little in the way of tutorials or useful programming examples .
fp was clearly influenced by Ken Iverson 's APL , a language initially defined n 1962 ( and unlike fp , you can still hunt down production code written in APL ) .
The APL lineage continued after Backus 's paper , eventually leading to APL2 and J ( both of which involved Iverson ) and a second branch of languages created by a friend of Iverson , Arthur Whitney : A+ , K , and Q. Viewed in the right light , J is a melding of APL and fp .
And the " build a program using core primitives " technique lives on in J .
Here 's a simple problem : given an array ( or list , if you prefer ) , return the indices of values which are greater than 5 .
For example , this input :
1 2 0 6 8 3 9
gives this result :
3 4 6
which means that the elements in the original array at positions 3 , 4 , and 6 ( where the first position is zero , not one ) are all greater than 5 .
I 'm using the APl / J/ K list notation here , instead of the Haskelly [ 3,4,6 ] .
How can we transform the original array to 3 4 6 without explicit loops , recursion , or named values ?
First , we can find out which elements in the input list are greater than 5 .
This does n't give us their positions , but it 's a start .
0 2 0 6 8 3 9 > 5 0 0 0 1 1 0 1
The first line is the input , the second the output .
Greater than , like most J functions , operates on whole arrays , kind of like all operators in Haskell having map built in .
The above example checks if each element of the input array is greater than 5 and returns an array of the results ( 0 = false , 1 = true ) .
There 's another J primitive that builds a list of values from 0 up to n-1 :
i. 5 0 1 2 3 4
Yes , extreme terseness is characteristic of J -- just let it go for now .
One interesting thing we can do with our original input is to build up a list of integers as long as the array .
i. # 1 2 0 6 8 3 9 0 1 2 3 4 5 6
( # is the length function . )
Stare at this for a moment , and you 'll see that the result is a list of the valid indices for the input array .
So far we 've got two different arrays created from the same input : 0 0 0 1 1 0 1 ( where a 1 means " greater than 5 " ) and 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 ( the list of indices for the array ) .
Now we take a bit of a leap .
Pair these two array together : ( first element of the first array , first element of the second array ) , etc. , like this :
( 0,0 ) ( 0,1 ) ( 0,2 ) ( 1,3 ) ( 1,4 ) ( 0,5 ) ( 1,6 )
This is n't J notation ; it 's just a way of showing the pairings .
Notice that if you remove all pairs that have a zero in the first position , then only three pairs are left .
And the second elements of those pairs make up the answer we 're looking for : 3 4 6 . It turns out that J has an operator for pairing up arrays like this , where the first element is a count and the second is a value to repeat count times .
Sort of a run-length expander .
The key is that a count of zero can be viewed as " delete me " and a count of 1 as " copy me as is . "
Or in actual J code :
0 0 0 1 1 0 1 # 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 3 4 6
And there 's our answer -- finally !
( Note that # in this case , with an operand on each side of it , is the " expand " function . )
If you 're ever going to teach a beginning programming course , go ahead and learn J first , so you can remember what it 's like to be an utterly confused beginner .
In the APL / J/K worlds , there 's a collection of well - known phrases ( that is , short sequences of functions ) for operations like this , each made up of primitives .
It 's the community of programmers with the most experience working in a point - free style .
Though I doubt those programmers consider themselves to be working with " an algebra of programs , " as Backus envisioned , the documentation is sprinkled with snippets of code declared to be equivalent to primitives or other sequences of functions .
permalink December 28 , 2007
previously
( Fortune Magazine ) --
This is the China century , " says Jim Rogers , standing amid moving boxes in his opulent Manhattan townhouse .
" It 's time for them to rule the roost . "
In fact , the 65 - year - old former investment partner of George Soros and globe - circling author of Investment Biker is such a believer in the capitalist momentum of the People 's Republic that he recently agreed to sell his beloved home and relocate full - time to Singapore - not quite Shanghai , but close enough to the action .
It 's something he 's been considering at least since 2004 , when Fortune last wrote about his remarkable prescience in championing a China - driven , worldwide commodities boom .
His new book , A Bull in China : Investing Profitably in the World 's Greatest Market ( Random House , $ 26.95 ) , is a how - to guide for investors interested in following him to the Far East .
Fortune interrupted his packing for a chat about China , commodities , and the teetering U.S. economy .
You invested in China some time ago .
But the market is up 300 % over the past three years - why should other investors jump in now ?
In the book I specifically make the point two or three times that people need to be careful because there may be a bubble developing in China .
Obviously if a bubble develops you do n't want to buy anything .
But you need to understand that there are gigantic opportunities in China and gigantic changes taking place there .
So the book is designed to help people understand in simple language what 's happening and where there may be opportunities for one who does his homework .
It 's not a catalog of hot tips .
I 'm not yet convinced that there is a bubble , by the way .
The Chinese government is doing its best to prevent a bubble .
They 've raised interest rates five or six times in the past year .
But even if a bubble develops and it pops , it 's not the end of the Chinese story .
China is still going to continue to develop .
Why has the Chinese stock market taken off ?
The Chinese have done a very good job [ with the economy ] over the past 20 years .
But the one mistake they 've made is they have continued to block the currency and made it nonconvertible .
That 's causing huge liquidity to develop in the country , and that 's causing trouble .
It has really intensified in the past two or three years .
They 've got all this money sloshing around that 's been flowing into China and can't get out .
It 's going into the mainland stock market and driving up prices .
It 's going into commodities .
And it 's going into real estate .
How are you investing in China now ?
Are you buying shares of companies ?
Indexes ?
Real estate ?
I own the currency .
I own commodities .
I do not own real estate .
I have not bought any indexes .
Rightly or wrongly , I think I can pick shares better than the index .
All the studies show that most people can't do that .
I have n't bought any new shares lately , but if I did , I would buy them in Hong Kong or Singapore or London or New York , because they 're cheaper than on the mainland .
Three years ago you were saying that one good way to invest in oil would be to buy sugar , because the high price of oil had driven up demand for ethanol in Brazil .
Sugar went up but has pulled back .
Where are the best opportunities in commodities right now ?
Sugar doubled from there , but then it corrected .
I would say the same thing again now :
If you want to buy oil , you should buy sugar .
Cotton is also a good way to buy oil - hear me out .
Much apparel has been made from synthetics .
Synthetics come from oil .
So many textile makers are converting back to natural fibers because oil is at an all - time high .
So if you want to buy oil , buy sugar or buy cotton .
What I 'm buying right now is agriculture .
I 'm bullish on all commodities , though .
I would n't buy oil at $ 95 , but I 'm sure I said that at $ 55 .
I have never sold a drop of oil .
And I do n't intend to until 2020 or something .
So you 're convinced that commodities still have a long way to go ?
Absolutely .
There will be corrections , of course .
Nickel is correcting right now .
But the commodities bull market still has years to go .
I just do n't see anything on the horizon that can stop it .
An economic collapse could .
But if that happens , everything else is going to be a much , much worse investment .
Even in the Great Depression , commodities went down less and stayed down for a shorter amount of time than stocks , because the shortages were in commodities .
In 2001 , after 9/11 , commodities went down less and stayed down a shorter period of time , because that 's where the imbalances in the world are right now .
There are guys in the garage on their computers starting companies right now that the bankers are going to bring public next month .
You can't go in the garage and start a zinc mine or a lead mine .
It takes ten years to bring a new mine online , on average .
So that 's why the commodities bull market is not over .
You mention the possibility that we might go into a depression .
What is your assessment of the U.S. economy right now ?
In my view , the U.S. economy is in recession .
I know the government says we 're not .
But as I look around , we know that automobiles are in worse than recession .
The same thing is true for homebuilders .
Much of the financial sector is in worse than recession .
So many parts of America are in worse than recession , and yet the government says we 're not in a recession .
I do n't know what 's so strong that it 's offsetting these major weaknesses in the American economy .
I just assume that the government is lying .
A few months ago you said if Fed Chairman Ben Bernanke cut interest rates in response to the credit crunch , it would be " pure madness " and " a disaster . "
He did .
What do you think now ?
We have terrible inflation in America , not according to the government but according to people who buy things .
We have the dollar under terrible duress .
What I said was ,
If they cut interest rates it 's going to be a signal to the rest of the world that we do n't care about the dollar , that we want the dollar to go down .
That is what has happened .
The rest of the world has read the signal very clearly .
Inflation , of course , is going up .
Commodities prices go higher in this kind of scenario .
I think it 's a terrible mistake .
It may be good for Wall Street .
It may bail a few people out .
But it 's not good for America .
I will tell you that I was terrified recently when I saw Bernanke testifying before Congress , and he said that if an American buys only American products in American currency he is not affected by the decline in the U.S. dollar .
I could n't believe the man said that !
I was looking at him to see - Is he lying ?
Is he just using government propaganda ?
Or does the man just not know ?
He 's supposed to be an economist , and he does n't know how the economy works !
Let 's say you only buy American tires .
Well , if the price of foreign tires goes up because the dollar goes down , the price of American tires is going to go up too .
American companies are going to raise the prices if the competition goes higher .
And if the dollar goes down , the price of the rubber in the tires is going to go higher .
The price of oil , wheat , copper , everything is going to go higher if the dollar goes down .
So it 's another signal to get out of the dollar .
You 've been betting against U.S. commercial and investment banks for some time .
Are you still shorting their stocks ?
Are you making other moves ?
I am still short Citigroup .
I 'm still short Fannie Mae .
I 'm still short homebuilders .
And I just increased my short positions on the investment banks last week , because that 's where the excesses have been in the U.S. economy .
There have not been excesses in sugar farming in the past 30 years .
There have not been excesses in silver mining .
The excesses have been on Wall Street .
That 's why I 'm shorting Wall Street .
You see 29 - year - old kids making $ 10 million or $ 20 million a year and thinking , " This is the way the world is .
This is normal . "
Well , I do n't think it 's normal .
Why move to Singapore and not Shanghai or Beijing ?
Well , we would like to move to China , but the air is so terrible , the pollution is so bad , that we can't bring ourselves to do it .
Everything works in Singapore .
It 's an astonishing place .
It 's got the best education system in the world .
It 's got the best health care in the world .
And it 's Chinese - speaking .
Our 4 - year - old daughter , Happy , goes to a school where they only speak Chinese .
One of our motivations was that she continue to speak Chinese .
It may not be as exciting as Shanghai or New York , but it 's exciting enough for me .
You mention the terrible pollution in China .
Do environmental and political issues give you pause as you call this the Chinese century ?
First of all , the environmental problems are a huge opportunity .
Somebody 's going to make a fortune on that .
I talk about that in the book and mention some of the companies that will be trying to address the problems .
Can they solve their problems ?
There are going to be horrible setbacks along the way .
There certainly were in America as we grew and boomed .
In 1907 our whole system collapsed and went bankrupt .
Turns out that was a good time to buy .
That 's going to happen in China too .
They will probably have political setbacks , environmental setbacks .
I do n't know when they 're going to be , but take advantage of them .
You 've long been known for spotting exotic investment opportunities in your travels .
Have you come across anything exciting off the beaten path recently ?
I 've sold out of all emerging markets except China because there are so many people right now trying to exploit emerging markets .
There are 30,000 MBAs flying around the world looking to invest in them .
Some of my investments I owned for 20 years .
But I 'm not looking for new opportunities , I 'm getting out - places like Botswana , Ivory Coast , and Ghana .
Botswana I hated to sell .
Peru has been hot as a firecracker for a while .
Uruguay I sold .
All of it .
But I 'm keeping my money in China .
A couple weeks ago I attended a demonstration of the military ’s new blast - resistant trucks at Aberdeen Proving Ground in Maryland .
It was the same event where Marine General Mike Brogan famously blamed the media for turning the trucks into “ symbolic targets ” for insurgents .
Photographers at the demo were welcome to shoot the outsides of the vehicles from certain angles , but photos of the insides were forbidden .
There were systems inside , especially communications and protective gear , that were classified … and obviously the media could n’t be trusted with such secrets .
But as usual , it ’s not the press that ’s the greatest security risk , but the military itself .
Today the Air Force ran a glowing story of its efforts to ship the so - called “ Mine - Resistant Ambush - Protected ” trucks to Iraq .
Included was this picture of the inside of a Category III Buffalo .
And that 's not all .
Click over to War Is Boring to see another military violation of military media rules .
__Previously :
__* MRAPs Versus Super Bombs
* Bomb -Fighting Vehicles Bite the Dust
* Bomb-Resistant Vehicles ' Long Road to Acceptance
* Picture This : MRAP Menagerie
* Armor-Makers " Risked Soldiers ' Lives , " Says Pentagon I.G .
* Manufacturers Can't Fill Bomb - Proof Vehicle Demand
* Which Ride Takes Bomb - Blasts Best ?
* Military Dragged Feet on Bomb - Proof Vehicles
* Bomb -Proof Vehicles : Why the Delay ?
* Army Junking Future for New Rides ?
I ’ve just completed my first survey of the current ECMAScript 4 implementations .
I went through and attempted to compile as many bugs and features as possible , as stated by the ECMAScript 4 specification and double - check them against all the actively - maintained implementations .
You can view a nice overview below .
I think it ’s fascinating to note that there ’s 3 implementations that already have over 25 % of all the new features in the language implemented .
View :
The raw data
About the implementations :
ECMAScript 4 Reference Implementation ( ES4 RI )
This is the reference implementation provided by the ECMA technical group , as a reference for those creating their own implementations .
Tamarin
Tamarin is the joint effort of Mozilla and Adobe to adapt the Open Source Adobe Virtual Machine to match ECMAScript 4 – and run in Firefox 3.next ( ) ( via ActionMonkey ) and Flash 10 .
Update from Tom :
Tamarin VM by itself does n’t directly support ECMAScript source code .
Rather , the subproject esc ( written in ECMAScript 4 ) compiles ECMAScript 4 to abc bytecode that is run by the Tamarin VM .
Spidermonkey
Spidermonkey is the JavaScript engine currently in Firefox ( and other Mozilla - based projects ) .
It ’s being actively updated with new features to match the ES4 specification .
This project will , most likely , be superseded by ActionMonkey .
Rhino
Rhino is a Java implementation of JavaScript which is currently being updated to meet the ECMAScript 4 specification .
Futhark ( Opera )
Futhark is the JavaScript engine that is a part of Opera 9.5 ( Kestrel ) and will be a part of Opera 10 ( Peregrine ) .
It ’s being actively updated to match the ECMAScript 4 specification .
Mbedthis
Mbedthis has used Javascript as a web scripting language in its AppWeb embedded web server product for several years .
More recently , they have been updating the language for use in mobile devices and has developed a C and Java VM for hosting Javascript widget style applications to run in standard features phones .
They are tracking ES4 and are upgrading their implementation as the spec is finalized .
They are planning to release a test version late Q1 2008 that will implement most of the planned features in ES4 .
This will be dual license : open source and commercial .
Duke Nukem
Forever has become the stuff of videogame legend by being trapped in a seemingly unending development cycle that ’s spanned ten years .
Originally announced in 1997 , DNF ’s attracted a great deal of attention and enthusiasm , thanks in part to the popularity of 3D Realms earlier title , Duke Nukem 3D .
As the years wore on , the developer released little to no information about the game ’s progress , and the gaming public began to wonder if DNF would ever actually see the light of day .
Though 3D Realms would occasionally release a screen shot or statement to confirm that game was still in the works , some speculated that the company had no real plans to ever actually release it .
This teaser for Duke Nukem Forever is the first substantial DNF sighting to take place in years .
Signs of the coming apocalypse are sure to follow .
Does n’t really show off too much other than Duke ’s bulging biceps , but it ’s something , anyway .
What do you think ?
UPDATE : Game|Life writers ’ thoughts on the trailer are below .
Susan : 3D Realms has certainly mastered the quick cut , have n’t they ?
Here , have a nanosecond - long glimpse at some monsters !
I do think the boarish - looking creature bellowing amid the bloody corpses was interesting and fun , but the little I could see of the other enemies ( even going frame by frame ) looked somewhat ordinary .
It does a decent job of capturing Duke ’s attitude — blowing smoke into the camera is a nice touch — but I ’m not sure how well the shtick has aged .
When it comes right down to it , if this were n’t Duke Nukem ( Friggin ’ )
Forever , I ’m not sure how much I would care about the game based on this teaser .
Earnest :
That was actually surprisingly cool .
Not in the traditional form of cool , but in the hyper - masculine , aimed - entirely - at - men , 1980s - Schwarzenegger - flick kinda cool .
The graphics are vaguely blocky , and the footage did n’t look any better than Doom 3 did all those years ago , but there ’s just something undeniably charming about a guy who smokes while working out that makes you wanna spend 10 or 15 hours with him blowing aliens into pieces and being sexist .
Unless they totally botch the gameplay , this could be huge .
Chris K : Going into this announcement , Broussard and co. had a lot of splainin ’ to do if they were going to convince people that they were actually anywhere close to shipping this product at all .
Having seen the trailer , they ’re still where they were yesterday .
A video and a Duke one - liner does not a game make ; if it did , Duke Nukem Forever would have already shipped five times by now .
I do n’t know why these people do n’t get it — releasing a teaser trailer full of CG sequences that may or may not be from your final product simply is n’t in their best interest right now , as it just compounds the problem of them generating hype for a game that is miles from being a final product .
What they should have done was laid dormant , not talking about the game , quietly working on it , letting people forget it ever existed .
Then , once the game was nearly ready to go and a few months from being on shelves , they have a huge info blowout and let people play it .
But they could n’t keep this under their hats , and all it ’s really done is kept Duke Nukem Forever fresh in the public eye and guaranteed it a first - place finish in next year ’s Vaporware Awards because it wo n’t be out by then , either .
Chris B :
If they ’re trying to be over - the - top , they failed .
The bar has been raised so much in the last ten years for gruff , laconic , absurdly musclebound hypermacho game heroes that this just feels stale .
I think their best bet is to push it into parody , as if Duke Nukem was an Austin Powers figure , transported from the hair metal era and completely out of sync with the times .
What is RCU , Fundamentally ?
Benefits for LWN subscribers
The primary benefit from subscribing to LWN is helping to keep us publishing , but , beyond that , subscribers get immediate access to all site content and access to a number of extra site features .
Please sign up today !
Part 1 of 3 of What is RCU , Really ?
Paul E. McKenney , IBM Linux Technology Center
Jonathan Walpole , Portland State University Department of Computer Science
Introduction
Read - copy update ( RCU ) is a synchronization mechanism that was added to the Linux kernel in October of 2002 .
RCU achieves scalability improvements by allowing reads to occur concurrently with updates .
In contrast with conventional locking primitives that ensure mutual exclusion among concurrent threads regardless of whether they be readers or updaters , or with reader - writer locks that allow concurrent reads but not in the presence of updates , RCU supports concurrency between a single updater and multiple readers .
RCU ensures that reads are coherent by maintaining multiple versions of objects and ensuring that they are not freed up until all pre-existing read - side critical sections complete .
RCU defines and uses efficient and scalable mechanisms for publishing and reading new versions of an object , and also for deferring the collection of old versions .
These mechanisms distribute the work among read and update paths in such a way as to make read paths extremely fast .
In some cases ( non-preemptable kernels ) , RCU 's read - side primitives have zero overhead .
Quick Quiz 1 : But does n't seqlock also permit readers and updaters to get work done concurrently ?
This leads to the question " what exactly is RCU ? " , and perhaps also to the question " how can RCU possibly work ? " ( or , not infrequently , the assertion that RCU cannot possibly work ) .
This document addresses these questions from a fundamental viewpoint ; later installments look at them from usage and from API viewpoints .
This last installment also includes a list of references .
RCU is made up of three fundamental mechanisms , the first being used for insertion , the second being used for deletion , and the third being used to allow readers to tolerate concurrent insertions and deletions .
These mechanisms are described in the following sections , which focus on applying RCU to linked lists :
These sections are followed by concluding remarks and the answers to the Quick Quizzes .
One key attribute of RCU is the ability to safely scan data , even though that data is being modified concurrently .
To provide this ability for concurrent insertion , RCU uses what can be thought of as a publish - subscribe mechanism .
For example , consider an initially NULL global pointer gp that is to be modified to point to a newly allocated and initialized data structure .
The following code fragment ( with the addition of appropriate locking ) might be used for this purpose :
1 struct foo { 2 int a ; 3 int b ; 4 int c ; 5 } ; 6 struct foo * gp = NULL ; 7 8 /* . . . */ 9 10 p = kmalloc( sizeof ( * p ) , GFP_KERNEL ) ; 11 p->a = 1 ; 12 p->b = 2 ; 13 p->c = 3 ; 14 gp = p ;
Unfortunately , there is nothing forcing the compiler and CPU to execute the last four assignment statements in order .
If the assignment to gp happens before the initialization of p 's fields , then concurrent readers could see the uninitialized values .
Memory barriers are required to keep things ordered , but memory barriers are notoriously difficult to use .
We therefore encapsulate them into a primitive rcu_assign_pointer ( ) that has publication semantics .
The last four lines would then be as follows :
1 p->a = 1 ; 2 p->b = 2 ; 3 p->c = 3 ; 4 rcu_assign_pointer(gp , p ) ;
The rcu_assign_pointer ( ) would publish the new structure , forcing both the compiler and the CPU to execute the assignment to gp after the assignments to the fields referenced by p .
However , it is not sufficient to only enforce ordering at the updater , as the reader must enforce proper ordering as well .
Consider for example the following code fragment :
1 p = gp ; 2 if ( p != NULL ) { 3 do_something_with(p->a , p->b , p->c ) ; 4 }
Although this code fragment might well seem immune to misordering , unfortunately , the DEC Alpha CPU [ PDF ] and value - speculation compiler optimizations can , believe it or not , cause the values of p-> a , p->b , and p-> c to be fetched before the value of p !
This is perhaps easiest to see in the case of value - speculation compiler optimizations , where the compiler guesses the value of p , fetches p->a , p->b , and p-> c , then fetches the actual value of p in order to check whether its guess was correct .
This sort of optimization is quite aggressive , perhaps insanely so , but does actually occur in the context of profile - driven optimization .
Clearly , we need to prevent this sort of skullduggery on the part of both the compiler and the CPU .
The rcu_dereference ( ) primitive uses whatever memory - barrier instructions and compiler directives are required for this purpose :
1 rcu_read_lock ( ) ; 2 p = rcu_dereference ( gp ) ; 3 if ( p != NULL ) { 4 do_something_with(p->a , p->b , p->c ) ; 5 } 6 rcu_read_unlock ( ) ;
The rcu_dereference ( ) primitive can thus be thought of as subscribing to a given value of the specified pointer , guaranteeing that subsequent dereference operations will see any initialization that occurred before the corresponding publish ( rcu_assign_pointer ( ) ) operation .
The rcu_read_lock ( ) and rcu_read_unlock ( ) calls are absolutely required : they define the extent of the RCU read - side critical section .
Their purpose is explained in the next section , however , they never spin or block , nor do they prevent the list_add_rcu( ) from executing concurrently .
In fact , in non- CONFIG_PREEMPT kernels , they generate absolutely no code .
Although rcu_assign_pointer ( ) and rcu_dereference ( ) can in theory be used to construct any conceivable RCU - protected data structure , in practice it is often better to use higher - level constructs .
Therefore , the rcu_assign_pointer ( ) and rcu_dereference ( ) primitives have been embedded in special RCU variants of Linux 's list - manipulation API .
Linux has two variants of doubly linked list , the circular struct list_head and the linear struct hlist_head / struct hlist_node pair .
The former is laid out as follows , where the green boxes represent the list header and the blue boxes represent the elements in the list .
Adapting the pointer - publish example for the linked list gives the following :
1 struct foo { 2 struct list_head list ; 3 int a ; 4 int b ; 5 int c ; 6 } ; 7 LIST_HEAD ( head ) ; 8 9 /* . . . */ 10 11 p = kmalloc( sizeof ( * p ) , GFP_KERNEL ) ; 12 p->a = 1 ; 13 p->b = 2 ; 14 p->c = 3 ; 15 list_add_rcu( &p-> list , &head ) ;
Line 15 must be protected by some synchronization mechanism ( most commonly some sort of lock ) to prevent multiple list_add ( ) instances from executing concurrently .
However , such synchronization does not prevent this list_add ( ) from executing concurrently with RCU readers .
Subscribing to an RCU - protected list is straightforward :
1 rcu_read_lock ( ) ; 2 list_for_each_entry_rcu(p , head , list ) { 3 do_something_with(p->a , p->b , p->c ) ; 4 } 5 rcu_read_unlock ( ) ;
The list_add_rcu( ) primitive publishes an entry into the specified list , guaranteeing that the corresponding list_for_each_entry_rcu( ) invocation will properly subscribe to this same entry .
Quick Quiz 2 : What prevents the list_for_each_entry_rcu( ) from getting a segfault if it happens to execute at exactly the same time as the list_add_rcu( ) ?
Linux 's other doubly linked list , the hlist , is a linear list , which means that it needs only one pointer for the header rather than the two required for the circular list .
Thus , use of hlist can halve the memory consumption for the hash - bucket arrays of large hash tables .
Publishing a new element to an RCU - protected hlist is quite similar to doing so for the circular list :
1 struct foo { 2 struct hlist_node * list ; 3 int a ; 4 int b ; 5 int c ; 6 } ; 7 HLIST_HEAD ( head ) ; 8 9 /* . . . */ 10 11 p = kmalloc( sizeof ( * p ) , GFP_KERNEL ) ; 12 p->a = 1 ; 13 p->b = 2 ; 14 p->c = 3 ; 15 hlist_add_head_rcu(&p-> list , &head ) ;
As before , line 15 must be protected by some sort of synchronization mechanism , for example , a lock .
Subscribing to an RCU - protected hlist is also similar to the circular list :
1 rcu_read_lock ( ) ; 2 hlist_for_each_entry_rcu(p , q , head , list ) { 3 do_something_with(p->a , p->b , p->c ) ; 4 } 5 rcu_read_unlock ( ) ;
Quick Quiz 3 : Why do we need to pass two pointers into hlist_for_each_entry_rcu( ) when only one is needed for list_for_each_entry_rcu( ) ?
The set of RCU publish and subscribe primitives are shown in the following table , along with additional primitives to " unpublish " , or retract :
Category Publish Retract Subscribe Pointers rcu_assign_pointer ( ) rcu_assign_pointer (... , NULL ) rcu_dereference ( ) Lists list_add_rcu ( )
list_add_tail_rcu ( )
list_replace_rcu( ) list_del_rcu( ) list_for_each_entry_rcu( ) Hlists hlist_add_after_rcu ()
hlist_add_before_rcu ( )
hlist_add_head_rcu ( )
hlist_replace_rcu( ) hlist_del_rcu( ) hlist_for_each_entry_rcu ()
Note that the list_replace_rcu( ) , list_del_rcu( ) , hlist_replace_rcu( ) , and hlist_del_rcu( ) APIs add a complication .
When is it safe to free up the data element that was replaced or removed ?
In particular , how can we possibly know when all the readers have released their references to that data element ?
These questions are addressed in the following section .
In its most basic form , RCU is a way of waiting for things to finish .
Of course , there are a great many other ways of waiting for things to finish , including reference counts , reader - writer locks , events , and so on .
The great advantage of RCU is that it can wait for each of ( say ) 20,000 different things without having to explicitly track each and every one of them , and without having to worry about the performance degradation , scalability limitations , complex deadlock scenarios , and memory - leak hazards that are inherent in schemes using explicit tracking .
In RCU 's case , the things waited on are called " RCU read - side critical sections " .
An RCU read - side critical section starts with an rcu_read_lock ( ) primitive , and ends with a corresponding rcu_read_unlock ( ) primitive .
RCU read - side critical sections can be nested , and may contain pretty much any code , as long as that code does not explicitly block or sleep ( although a special form of RCU called " SRCU " does permit general sleeping in SRCU read - side critical sections ) .
If you abide by these conventions , you can use RCU to wait for any desired piece of code to complete .
RCU accomplishes this feat by indirectly determining when these other things have finished , as has been described elsewhere for RCU Classic and realtime RCU .
In particular , as shown in the following figure , RCU is a way of waiting for pre-existing RCU read - side critical sections to completely finish , including memory operations executed by those critical sections .
However , note that RCU read - side critical sections that begin after the beginning of a given grace period can and will extend beyond the end of that grace period .
The following pseudocode shows the basic form of algorithms that use RCU to wait for readers :
Make a change , for example , replace an element in a linked list .
Wait for all pre-existing RCU read - side critical sections to completely finish ( for example , by using the synchronize_rcu ( ) primitive ) .
The key observation here is that subsequent RCU read - side critical sections have no way to gain a reference to the newly removed element .
Clean up , for example , free the element that was replaced above .
The following code fragment , adapted from those in the previous section , demonstrates this process , with field a being the search key :
1 struct foo { 2 struct list_head list ; 3 int a ; 4 int b ; 5 int c ; 6 } ; 7 LIST_HEAD ( head ) ; 8 9 /* . . . */ 10 11 p = search ( head , key ) ; 12 if ( p == NULL ) { 13 /*
Take appropriate action , unlock , and return .
*/ 14 } 15 q = kmalloc( sizeof ( * p ) , GFP_KERNEL ) ; 16 *q = * p ; 17 q->b = 2 ; 18 q->c = 3 ; 19 list_replace_rcu(&p->list , &q -> list ) ; 20 synchronize_rcu( ) ; 21 kfree ( p ) ;
Lines 19 , 20 , and 21 implement the three steps called out above .
Lines 16 - 19 gives RCU ( " read - copy update " ) its name : while permitting concurrent reads , line 16 copies and lines 17 - 19 do an update .
The synchronize_rcu ( ) primitive might seem a bit mysterious at first .
After all , it must wait for all RCU read - side critical sections to complete , and , as we saw earlier , the rcu_read_lock ( ) and rcu_read_unlock ( ) primitives that delimit RCU read - side critical sections do n't even generate any code in non- CONFIG_PREEMPT kernels !
There is a trick , and the trick is that RCU Classic read - side critical sections delimited by rcu_read_lock ( ) and rcu_read_unlock ( ) are not permitted to block or sleep .
Therefore , when a given CPU executes a context switch , we are guaranteed that any prior RCU read - side critical sections will have completed .
This means that as soon as each CPU has executed at least one context switch , all prior RCU read - side critical sections are guaranteed to have completed , meaning that synchronize_rcu ( ) can safely return .
Thus , RCU Classic 's synchronize_rcu( ) can conceptually be as simple as the following :
1 for_each_online_cpu(cpu ) 2 run_on ( cpu ) ;
Here , run_on ( ) switches the current thread to the specified CPU , which forces a context switch on that CPU .
The for_each_online_cpu( ) loop therefore forces a context switch on each CPU , thereby guaranteeing that all prior RCU read - side critical sections have completed , as required .
Although this simple approach works for kernels in which preemption is disabled across RCU read - side critical sections , in other words , for non- CONFIG_PREEMPT and CONFIG_PREEMPT kernels , it does not work for CONFIG_PREEMPT_RT realtime ( - rt ) kernels .
Therefore , realtime RCU uses a different approach based loosely on reference counters .
Of course , the actual implementation in the Linux kernel is much more complex , as it is required to handle interrupts , NMIs , CPU hotplug , and other hazards of production - capable kernels , but while also maintaining good performance and scalability .
Realtime implementations of RCU must additionally help provide good realtime response , which rules out implementations ( like the simple two - liner above ) that rely on disabling preemption .
Although it is good to know that there is a simple conceptual implementation of synchronize_rcu( ) , other questions remain .
For example , what exactly do RCU readers see when traversing a concurrently updated list ?
This question is addressed in the following section .
This section demonstrates how RCU maintains multiple versions of lists to accommodate synchronization - free readers .
Two examples are presented showing how an element that might be referenced by a given reader must remain intact while that reader remains in its RCU read - side critical section .
The first example demonstrates deletion of a list element , and the second example demonstrates replacement of an element .
To start the " deletion " example , we will modify lines 11 - 21 in the example in the previous section as follows :
1 p = search ( head , key ) ; 2 if ( p != NULL ) { 3 list_del_rcu(&p->list ) ; 4 synchronize_rcu( ) ; 5 kfree ( p ) ; 6 }
The initial state of the list , including the pointer p , is as follows .
The triples in each element represent the values of fields a , b , and c , respectively .
The red borders on each element indicate that readers might be holding references to them , and because readers do not synchronize directly with updaters , readers might run concurrently with this entire replacement process .
Please note that we have omitted the backwards pointers and the link from the tail of the list to the head for clarity .
After the list_del_rcu( ) on line 3 has completed , the 5,6,7 element has been removed from the list , as shown below .
Since readers do not synchronize directly with updaters , readers might be concurrently scanning this list .
These concurrent readers might or might not see the newly removed element , depending on timing .
However , readers that were delayed ( e.g. , due to interrupts , ECC memory errors , or , in CONFIG_PREEMPT_RT kernels , preemption ) just after fetching a pointer to the newly removed element might see the old version of the list for quite some time after the removal .
Therefore , we now have two versions of the list , one with element 5,6,7 and one without .
The border of the 5,6,7 element is still red , indicating that readers might be referencing it .
Please note that readers are not permitted to maintain references to element 5,6,7 after exiting from their RCU read - side critical sections .
Therefore , once the synchronize_rcu( ) on line 4 completes , so that all pre-existing readers are guaranteed to have completed , there can be no more readers referencing this element , as indicated by its black border below .
We are thus back to a single version of the list .
At this point , the 5,6,7 element may safely be freed , as shown below :
At this point , we have completed the deletion of element 5,6,7 .
The following section covers replacement .
Example 2 : Maintaining Multiple Versions During Replacement
To start the replacement example , here are the last few lines of the example in the previous section :
1 q = kmalloc ( sizeof ( * p ) , GFP_KERNEL ) ; 2 *q = * p ; 3 q->b = 2 ; 4 q->c = 3 ; 5 list_replace_rcu(&p->list , &q -> list ) ; 6 synchronize_rcu( ) ; 7 kfree ( p ) ;
The initial state of the list , including the pointer p , is the same as for the deletion example :
As before , the triples in each element represent the values of fields a , b , and c , respectively .
The red borders on each element indicate that readers might be holding references to them , and because readers do not synchronize directly with updaters , readers might run concurrently with this entire replacement process .
Please note that we again omit the backwards pointers and the link from the tail of the list to the head for clarity .
Line 1 kmalloc ( ) s a replacement element , as follows :
Line 2 copies the old element to the new one :
Line 3 updates q->b to the value " 2 " :
Line 4 updates q -> c to the value " 3 " :
Now , line 5 does the replacement , so that the new element is finally visible to readers .
At this point , as shown below , we have two versions of the list .
Pre-existing readers might see the 5,6,7 element , but new readers will instead see the 5,2,3 element .
But any given reader is guaranteed to see some well - defined list .
After the synchronize_rcu( ) on line 6 returns , a grace period will have elapsed , and so all reads that started before the list_replace_rcu( ) will have completed .
In particular , any readers that might have been holding references to the 5,6,7 element are guaranteed to have exited their RCU read - side critical sections , and are thus prohibited from continuing to hold a reference .
Therefore , there can no longer be any readers holding references to the old element , as indicated by the thin black border around the 5,6,7 element below .
As far as the readers are concerned , we are back to having a single version of the list , but with the new element in place of the old .
After the kfree ( ) on line 7 completes , the list will appear as follows :
Despite the fact that RCU was named after the replacement case , the vast majority of RCU usage within the Linux kernel relies on the simple deletion case shown in the previous section .
Discussion
These examples assumed that a mutex was held across the entire update operation , which would mean that there could be at most two versions of the list active at a given time .
Quick Quiz 4 : How would you modify the deletion example to permit more than two versions of the list to be active ?
Quick Quiz 5 : How many RCU versions of a given list can be active at any given time ?
This sequence of events shows how RCU updates use multiple versions to safely carry out changes in presence of concurrent readers .
Of course , some algorithms cannot gracefully handle multiple versions .
There are techniques [ PDF ] for adapting such algorithms to RCU , but these are beyond the scope of this article .
This article has described the three fundamental components of RCU - based algorithms :
a publish - subscribe mechanism for adding new data , a way of waiting for pre-existing RCU readers to finish , and a discipline of maintaining multiple versions to permit change without harming or unduly delaying concurrent RCU readers .
Quick Quiz 6 : How can RCU updaters possibly delay RCU readers , given that the rcu_read_lock ( ) and rcu_read_unlock ( ) primitives neither spin nor block ?
These three RCU components allow data to be updated in face of concurrent readers , and can be combined in different ways to implement a surprising variety of different types of RCU - based algorithms , some of which will be the topic of the next installment in this " What is RCU , Really ? " series .
Acknowledgements
We are all indebted to Andy Whitcroft , Gautham Shenoy , and Mike Fulton , whose review of an early draft of this document greatly improved it .
We owe thanks to the members of the Relativistic Programming project and to members of PNW TEC for many valuable discussions .
We are grateful to Dan Frye for his support of this effort .
Finally , this material is based upon work supported by the National Science Foundation under Grant No. CNS - 0719851 .
This work represents the view of the authors and does not necessarily represent the view of IBM or of Portland State University .
Linux is a registered trademark of Linus Torvalds .
Other company , product , and service names may be trademarks or service marks of others .
Quick Quiz 1 : But does n't seqlock also permit readers and updaters to get work done concurrently ?
Answer :
Yes and no .
Although seqlock readers can run concurrently with seqlock writers , whenever this happens , the read_seqretry ( ) primitive will force the reader to retry .
This means that any work done by a seqlock reader running concurrently with a seqlock updater will be discarded and redone .
So seqlock readers can run concurrently with updaters , but they cannot actually get any work done in this case .
In contrast , RCU readers can perform useful work even in presence of concurrent RCU updaters .
Quick Quiz 2 : What prevents the list_for_each_entry_rcu( ) from getting a segfault if it happens to execute at exactly the same time as the list_add_rcu( ) ?
Answer :
On all systems running Linux , loads from and stores to pointers are atomic , that is , if a store to a pointer occurs at the same time as a load from that same pointer , the load will return either the initial value or the value stored , never some bitwise mashup of the two .
In addition , the list_for_each_entry_rcu( ) always proceeds forward through the list , never looking back .
Therefore , the list_for_each_entry_rcu( ) will either see the element being added by list_add_rcu( ) , or it will not , but either way , it will see a valid well - formed list .
Back to Quick Quiz 2 .
Quick Quiz 3 : Why do we need to pass two pointers into hlist_for_each_entry_rcu( ) when only one is needed for list_for_each_entry_rcu( ) ?
Answer : Because in an hlist it is necessary to check for NULL rather than for encountering the head .
( Try coding up a single - pointer hlist_for_each_entry_rcu ( ) .
If you come up with a nice solution , it would be a very good thing ! )
Back to Quick Quiz 3 .
Quick Quiz 4 : How would you modify the deletion example to permit more than two versions of the list to be active ?
Answer :
One way of accomplishing this is as follows :
spin_lock ( & mylock ) ; p = search ( head , key ) ; if ( p == NULL ) spin_unlock ( & mylock ) ; else { list_del_rcu( &p -> list ) ; spin_unlock ( &mylock ) ; synchronize_rcu( ) ; kfree ( p ) ; }
Note that this means that multiple concurrent deletions might be waiting in synchronize_rcu( ) .
Back to Quick Quiz 4 .
Quick Quiz 5 : How many RCU versions of a given list can be active at any given time ?
Answer :
That depends on the synchronization design .
If a semaphore protecting the update is held across the grace period , then there can be at most two versions , the old and the new .
However , if only the search , the update , and the list_replace_rcu( ) were protected by a lock , then there could be an arbitrary number of versions active , limited only by memory and by how many updates could be completed within a grace period .
But please note that data structures that are updated so frequently probably are not good candidates for RCU .
That said , RCU can handle high update rates when necessary .
Back to Quick Quiz 5 .
Quick Quiz 6 : How can RCU updaters possibly delay RCU readers , given that the rcu_read_lock ( ) and rcu_read_unlock ( ) primitives neither spin nor block ?
Answer :
The modifications undertaken by a given RCU updater will cause the corresponding CPU to invalidate cache lines containing the data , forcing the CPUs running concurrent RCU readers to incur expensive cache misses .
( Can you design an algorithm that changes a data structure without inflicting expensive cache misses on concurrent readers ?
On subsequent readers ? )
Back to Quick Quiz 6 .
Once a huge box office draw ( for reasons unknown ) , Brendan Fraser is now close to broke and fighting to reduce his huge alimony and child support payments .
Currently starring in the animated movie Escape from Planet Earth , Fraser owes $ 900,000 A YEAR to Afton Smith ... and says he can't pay close to that .
The actor settled his divorce with her in 2009 , but insists he can’t cover the costs he initially agreed to because he ’s no longer earning that kind of cash .
Fraser says that recent setbacks have left him almost " broke . "
According to the New York Post , Afton Smith is n't buying it .
She claims that Brendan is hiding money from her , despite “ medical issues ” that he cited as another reason for why his career has been in free fall .
The duo was married for nearly 10 years and has three children together , sons , Griffin , 10 , Holden , 8 , and Leland , 6 .
Here 's hoping they work it out .
The 44 - year - old Fraser is also locked in a separate court battle with producer Todd Moyer , who is suing him for an alleged physical attack last year .
The Brian Ross interview with former CIA interrogator , John Kiriakou , who tortured Abu Zubaydah , is well worth reading in full .
You can download the transcript here and here .
Among the things I learned :
- According to Kiriakou , everything was very closely monitored and approved up the chain of command .
The president absolutely knew and approved of the waterboarding .
President Bush personally authorized the torture of a prisoner , via the Deputy Director for Operations of the CIA .
This was not free - lancing :
BRIAN ROSS : And did you know the CIA officers feel without a doubt you had the legal right to do what you were doing ?
JOHN : Absolutely .
Absolutely .
I remember - I remember being told when - the President signed the - the authorities that they had been approved - not just by the National Security Counsel , but by the - but by the Justice Department as well , I remember people being surprised that the authorities were granted .
- Waterboarding was not the only torture technique .
Sleep deprivation was integral to Zubaydah 's interrogation .
And Kiriakou , like any other interrogator who has used sleep deprivation , and unlike Rudy Giuliani , understands that this is torture :
JOHN : You know , you may not think about it , but -- but exhaustion is -- is a very difficult thing to handle .
It 's one thing to be tired .
It 's another thing to be so tired that you begin to hallucinate .
And after a while some people just can't take it anymore .
And they 'll tell you if -- " Just give me an hour .
Give me two hours of sleep , I 'll tell you anything you wanna know . "
BRIAN ROSS : Really ?
JOHN : Uh- huh ( AFFIRM ) BRIAN ROSS :
And that 's after how long generally ?
JOHN : I recall the handful of times it was used on people it was usually 40 hours plus .
They just simply could n't take it anymore .
- Kiriakou , in contrast with Ron Suskind 's reporting , says that the information Zubayhdah gave was legit and confirmed from other sources .
But it is interesting to me at least that Zubaydah ascribed his decision to cooperate to a dream where Allah gave him permission to talk .
I have no doubt it was related to the breakdown caused by waterboarding , but with religious fanatics , a religious sanction is also necessary .
Torture alone was not enough .
- The nature of the attacks that Kiriakou says the CIA foiled because of torture was not cataclysmic .
It was not the nuclear ticking time - bomb .
It was more operational information , and in so far as some attacks were , according to Kiriakou , foiled ,
To the best of my recollection , no , they were n't on US soil .
They were overseas .
If we are to have a serious debate about what to do about torture , all these facts need to be taken into consideration .
The facts are these : the president of the United States directly broke the law and the Geneva Conventions by authorizing the torture of a prisoner ; he did so in the absence of any actual knowledge of any actual , dire threat to the United States ; the evidence of the torture has been destroyed .
Monsoon Multimedia , which was subjected to the first US lawsuit on non-compliance with the GPL , has published a press release in which they agree to make any modifications public and thereby complying to the requirements stipulated in the GPL license .
“ Monsoon Multimedia today announced efforts to fully comply with the GPL .
Monsoon is in settlement negotiations with BusyBox to resolve the matter and intends to fully comply with all open - source software license requirements .
Monsoon will make modified BusyBox source code publicly available on the company web - site in the coming weeks . ”
Just back from Scotland for recruiting .
Same universities as last time , St. Andrews and Edinburgh .
Last year , this is the trip that inspired the A Glimpse and a Hook article , so it ’s appropriate that this year ’s trip forces a revision .
I bagged on the objective section of the resume in the Glimpse piece , using the argument that I found objectives pointless , but after a solid week of scrubbing , thinking , and talking about resumes , I ’m prepared to get proactive .
Sure , many objectives are crap .
The question is , why are they crap ?
A crappy objective section in a resume suffers from the same issues as the rest of the resume : standardization .
Your first resume started with a question : “ How do I write it ? ” A kind person whipped out a resume , showed it you , and it resonated with you so you copied the structure .
Problem was , you did n’t stop there .
You also copied the style of the writing .
You borrowed the boring , vanilla language where you described your hopes and dreams in the language of business .
“ I am a motivated team player looking for a high growth opportunity at a company which does not blow . ”
Yuck .
The only interesting word in that objective is blow .
I ’m a fan of grabbing the bright ideas of other people , but I ’m a bigger fan of you tweaking their ideas and making them your own .
Your resume , like your objective , should give me a sense of you and where you ’re going .
I want to see a little ego and I want to see your character because I ’m not hiring a flat piece of paper , I ’m hiring a person .
But when I start , all I have is the paper .
Professionally Pointed
I update my resume every six months whether I ’m looking for a new gig or not .
A resume refresh gives me perspective .
I do n’t get a report card much anymore , just a yearly focal review which pretty much tells me what I already know : grew a little here , fucked up there … a bit more money .
A resume revision does n’t remind me of how I ’m doing , it forces me to think about where I ’m going .
Your objective , like your resume , is a snapshot of your professional life .
In a few brief sentences , you need to clearly describe your professional goals in your own voice .
You need to explain where you are professionally pointed .
Here ’s my current objective :
I need to work with bright people who do n’t take no for an answer and are crazy about well - designed software .
If these people are n’t there when I show up , I work hard to find them .
Is this everything I ’ve ever wanted to achieve ?
No .
Will the reader understand all of my skills , all of my capabilities ?
No .
Will they get the idea that I value design , people , and might be a little crazy ?
Yup .
When you ’re thinking of your objective , I want to think of yourself sitting at bar .
You ’re two drinks in and you ’re pitching a friend about what you want to do with your life .
While this casual , egotistical , mildly trashed tone may best suit high tech gigs , seriously , what do you have to lose being yourself ?
Resume Stress
You ’re stressing as you work on your resume because usually when you ’re updating your resume , you ’re in need of a job .
In this stress , you fall back on convention — on standardization — because getting the resume done feels less important than the job hunting and being original takes a lot of work .
Problem .
There are a bazillion people out there who are looking for the same gigs you want .
The barrier to entry is not that someone can hunt down a job opening ; the barrier to entry is getting noticed amongst a sea of mediocre resumes .
Here is an audacious goal for your resume : to get you to a point in your career where you no longer need a resume .
It ’s the point that in your chosen industry people know who you are and what you are capable of .
And they want you doing it at their companies .
It ’s a tricky lifetime goal , one that I ’m still working on , but that ’s the goal I want you to think about when you ’re stressing about your professional objective .
It ’s not your next job you need to stress about ; it ’s your career .
Without quite having the courage to come right out and say so , AG Michael Mukasey was arguing to the Senate Judiciary Committee on Wednesday that torture is situational .
Similarly his letter to the Committee on Tuesday stated :
" There are some circumstances where current law would appear clearly to prohibit the use of waterboarding .
Other circumstances would present a far closer question . " ...
" I understand that you and some other members of the committee may feel that I should go further in my review and answer questions concerning the legality of waterboarding under current law , " he said .
" But I do not think it would be responsible for me , as attorney general , to provide an answer . "
He added , " I do not believe that it is advisable to address difficult legal questions , about which reasonable minds can and do differ , in the absence of concrete facts and circumstances . "
So what circumstances would make an illegal act of waterboarding suddenly legal ?
Mukasey was not able to say because , by the most curious of coincidences , he did not wish to get into hypothetical details .
Oh , actually , he could after all ... at least in the case of one hypothetical .
Here is his response to a question from a disgusted Sen .
Kennedy , who asked the Attorney General whether waterboarding Michael Mukasey himself would be considered torture :
KENNEDY :
In the issue , as you know , on the — waterboarding has become the worldwide symbol for America ’s debate over the torture and became the centerpiece of your confirmation hearing , after you refused to take a position , whether it ’s lawful .
In fact , even though you claim to be opposed to torture , you refuse to say anything whatever on the crucial questions of what constitutes torture and who gets to decide the issue .
It ’s like saying that you ’re opposed to stealing , but not quite sure whether bank robbery would qualify .
So , the courts and military tribunals have consistently agreed that waterboarding is an unlawful act of torture , but you refuse to say so ...
So I wo n’t even bother to ask you whether waterboarding counts as torture under out laws because I know from your letter that we wo n’t get a straight answer , so let me ask you this :
Would waterboarding be torture if it was done to you ?
MUKASEY : I would feel that it was .
There are numerous — I remember studying Latin in school , and one of the people I studied was Cicero , and Cicero , when he made speeches , would list all of the things he was going to pass over without mentioning , and then he would pass over without mentioning them , and a lot of that is in your question .
You say , I am going to pass by this and not ask you about it pass by that and not ask about it .
There are numerous things I would differ with .
You say waterboarding is obviously torture , and you use the example of taking something , bank robbery , obviously being stealing .
That assumes the answer to the question — which is that waterboarding is in fact torture just the same way bank robbery is in fact stealing .
I think there are numerous other things I would argue with .
I simply point out that this is an issue on which people of equal intelligence and equal good faith and equal vehemence have differed , and differed in this chamber , during the debate on the Military Commissions
Act , when some people thought it was unnecessary , when some people thought that it obviously barred waterboarding , other people thought it was so broadly worded that it would allow anything , and there were expressions on both sides .
I should not go into , because of the office that I have , the detailed way in which the department would apply general language to a particular situation , notably when I ’m presented only with a question that tells me only part of what I would be asked to rule on if I were ever asked to rule on it .
The answer that waterboarding him personally would constitute torture puts Mukasey in line with DNI McConnell .
Funny though that in his answer to Kennedy , Mukasey does n't need to know any further circumstances to make that decision .
He 's been claiming that torture is situational ; certain circumstances make waterboarding legal .
But with regard to himself , he does n't hesitate to issue an opinion without even the slightest quibbling about possible circumstances .
That seems to imply that waterboarding Michael Mukasey would be torture under any conceivable circumstances - because he 's innocent of wrongdoing .
And yet none of the people who 've been tortured by the CIA under George Bush 's orders had been convicted of anything .
The presumption of innocence is the very foundation of our law .
Neither George Bush nor Michael Mukasey is in any position to rule that none of the prisoners might conceivably be innocent .
They have n't attempted to assert that power .
These and other prisoners of course remain innocent before the law until found guilty of some crime .
Essentially Michael Mukasey is declaring : No , you may torture other innocent people but never me .
He is what passes these days for America 's lawyer .
A new targeted drug delivery method uses ultrasound to image tumors , while also releasing the drug from " nanobubbles " into the tumor , according to a study published online July 10 in the Journal of the National Cancer Institute .
Cancer drugs can be targeted to tumors by delivering them in packets of nanoparticles , then releasing them with ultrasound .
But this approach can be difficult because it requires a way to image the tumor prior to treatment .
Natalya Rapoport , Ph.D. , D.Sc. , of the University of Utah in Salt Lake City and colleagues describe a new method of drug delivery that may address this problem .
Nanobubbles filled with the chemotherapy drug doxorubicin were injected into mice .
The bubbles accumulated in the tumors , where they combined to form larger " microbubbles . "
When exposed to ultrasound , the bubbles generated echoes , which made it possible to image the tumor .
The sound energy from the ultrasound popped the bubbles , releasing the drug .
In mice treated with this method , the nanobubbles were more effective at blocking tumor growth than other nanoparticle delivery methods .
" Microbubble formulations have been developed for combining ultrasonic tumor imaging and ultrasound - enhanced chemotherapeutic treatment , " the authors write .
RICHMOND , Va. -- Michael Vick declared " I am not the bad
person or beast I 've been made out to be " and asked for leniency
in a letter to the federal judge who sentenced him to 23 months in
prison for a dogfighting conspiracy .
Vick made his handwritten plea from jail as he awaited Monday's
sentencing by Judge Henry E. Hudson .
His five - page letter and
several others from Vick supporters , including baseball great Hank Aaron and former heavyweight boxing champion George Foreman , were released by the U.S. District Court in Richmond on Thursday .
" I take full responsibility for my actions and am ashamed that
my actions hurt animals and allowed animals to be hurt and
killed , " Vick wrote . " ... Your Honor , I just ask for a second
chance . "
The suspended Atlanta Falcons quarterback 's appeal was n't enough
to overcome Hudson 's finding that Vick lied at various times about
his hands - on role in helping kill pit bulls and about his marijuana
use , which was detected by a drug screening .
Hudson cited those
lapses in giving Vick a longer sentence than two fellow defendants ,
who previously were sentenced to 18 months and 21 months .
" Throughout this entire case , I 've just tried to be honest , "
Vick wrote .
" Sometimes I did n't know how to be and was scared , but
eventually I put everything out on the table and left no stones
unturned . "
Vick said he 's an animal lover but that he grew up in a culture
where dogfighting went unpunished while people were arrested for
guns or drugs .
His mother , Brenda Boddie , also alluded to Vick's
upbringing in a rough area of Newport News in her letter to the
judge .
" Michael could have easily followed the wrong crowd but he
chose to make something out of himself and he got his family out of
the projects , " she wrote .
" Michael has had a lot on his shoulders
since he was around 14 yrs old , working hard to get where he wanted
to be . "
Vick said he now knows his actions were wrong .
" Your Honor , I am not the bad person or the beast I 've been
made out to be .
I have been talked about and ridiculed on a day to
day basis by people who really dont know Michael Vick the human
being , " Vick wrote .
He described himself as a " humble , soft spoken and caring "
father of three and lamented the effect his crime has had on his
older children , ages 5 and 2 .
" This has been painful because my son watches the news and can
understand whats going on with his father , " he wrote , adding that
his daughter asked him on a regular basis when he would be home to
play games with her , " but I have no answer . "
He also said his actions have left his own once - enviable life in
tatters .
" Honestly , I wish I had never been involved in dogfighting , "
he wrote .
" As a result I 've lost everything -- my good name , job ,
endorsements , and now my freedom . "
Vick blamed his marijuana use on his father , Michael Boddie , who
talked to The Atlanta Journal - Constitution about his famous son's
dogfighting activities in August .
Boddie told the newspaper : " I
wish people would stop sugarcoating it .
This is Mike 's thing . "
Vick wrote : " I was suffering from a deep state of depression ,
and after my father attacked me in the media , I was heartbroken .
...
That 's no excuse for using marijuana , but I did n't know how to
cope with all the difficulties I was facing because it was all new
to me . "
He alluded to the nearly $ 1 million the court ordered him to set
aside for the care and placement of dozens of pit bulls that were
seized from his property in southeastern Virginia , saying he had no
objection to paying because he believes the dogs " should live a
good life . "
Vick noted that he had never before been convicted of a crime ,
and he listed some of his charitable contributions and vowed to use
his money only for good works in the future .
Aaron , the former home run king who is now an executive with the
Atlanta Braves , lauded Vick 's community service .
" From the moment Michael moved to Atlanta , he appeared to deal
with his success very well , " Aaron wrote .
" From what I
understand , he took it upon himself to support the area's
underprivileged kids , bring them to games , visit them in the
hospital , and give money to the organizations that help them .
Michael made a favorable impression on me from the moment I met
him . "
Vick 's lead attorney , Billy Martin , said in a statement : " Mr .
Vick is much more than the caricature some in the media have chosen
to portray . "
He listed other charitable works by Vick and said the former
Virginia
Tech star " deserves to be judged on the totality of his
actions , not just the latest headlines . "
Vick 's troubles still are not over .
He and his three
co-defendants -- Purnell Peace , Quanis Phillips and Tony Taylor --
face state animal cruelty charges in Surry County .
Vick 's trial is
set for April 2 .
MIAMI , Nov. 27 — The authorities searched today for the killer of Washington Redskins safety Sean Taylor , who died early in the morning after he was shot by an intruder at his home south of the city .
Investigators continued to comb Taylor ’s house and to examine his past in search of clues that might indicate why someone broke into his luxurious one - story home in the quiet , upscale suburb of Palmetto Bay early Monday morning and fired two bullets at him .
One of the bullets flew wide , but the other severed a major artery in his thigh , causing a fatal loss of blood .
The death plunged the Redskins ’ organization into mourning and stunned South Florida , where Taylor had been a star player at the University of Miami .
Family and friends remembered him as an extraordinarily talented athlete who , after a turbulent start in the N.F.L. on and off the field , seemed to have reoriented his life , particularly after the birth of his daughter 18 months ago .
“ Many of his fans loved him because the way he played football , ” said a statement from his father , Pedro Taylor , the police chief in Florida City , in southern Miami - Dade County .
“ Many of his opponents feared him the way he approached the game .
Others misunderstood him , many appreciated him and his family loved him . ”
The Power of the Internet
The People Spoke … The Company Responded … The Case Is Closed .
The past week has been a blur of emails , phone calls and overall stress for the kid .
I wanted to be 100 % sure that everything was resolved before giving everyone an update .
For those of you who are just catching on , last Tuesday , after a year and a half of waiting , I decided to go public with the now infamous prize - fulfillment situation with Gibson Guitars and wrote this blog .
Friday morning , I hopped on Firefox to find my inbox flooded and my screen bombarded with IMs , because the story had broken wide open on The Consumerist .
Within an hour , the story was ranked # 1 on Digg.com .
Later that day , I checked my phone messages to find 2 voicemails and a couple of missed calls from a Gibson rep , looking to “ get this situation all squared away ” , because what I went through “ was totally bullcrap and it should n’t have happened . ”
They even called me on a Saturday morning !
I mean , damn … THAT , my friends , is the power of the internet .
I ’ve been completely overwhelmed by the show of support from thousands of people from all over the world , who uniformly made enough noise to reach the top of the corporate heap .
There have been countless words written on this already , youtube videos , emails , fans offering to donate their personal gear – hell , I was even contacted by news stations .
I was FLOORED by the response .
Well , this past Tuesday , I had a one - on - one conversation with Gibson CEO , Henry Juszkiewicz .
Now , it ’s rare that a CEO of a company that size will sit down on the phone with you and talk man to man , so for that , I was very impressed with the level of commitment and cooperation they showed in order to demonstrate the level of seriousness with which they took this whole situation .
Henry assured me that this was something that Gibson was truly apologetic for and made his best effort to make sure that I came away from the entire experience feeling as though I was treated fairly and received what I deserved .
The very next morning there was a FedEx envelope on my desk from Gibson .
In a nutshell , they matched the original prize value and it ’s all going to my credit cards as we speak to pay for the gear I could n’t afford .
Granted , it ’s all TAXABLE prize income ( which is essentially 50 % – thanks Uncle Sam ! ) , but it ’s definitely more than I would have gotten had I just received their gear from the get - go .
I ’m all about fairness and I do n’t like handouts , so this is definitely the fairest possible outcome I could ask for .
And that ’s all I wanted to begin with .
As of right now , I ’m 100 % happy with the outcome and I feel like the people at Gibson not only made good on their prize commitment , but went the extra mile to make up for this whole fiasco .
Henry assured me that “ what happened was definitely NOT the Gibson way ” , and after speaking with him , I definitely heard sincerity in his voice .
Apparently , the sponsorship was n’t cleared through the normal channels of the corporate hierarchy .
So , I guess we can chalk this entire situation up to a bad apple in the bunch and the lot of miscommunication that followed .
As far as Don Pitts goes , well apparently he has n’t been with Gibson since Nov. 2007 .
Henry mentioned that Don was “ getting toasted ” in the press and hoped that I could encourage folks to “ take it easy on the guy ” because apparently dude ’s been getting hate mail & phone calls up the yang from random folks around the world .
I ’ve never been the type of person to wish malice or pain on anyone ( unless they rap ) , and I stand by that approach still .
Personally , I think the public spanking that ’s already occurred is sufficient , considering this is something that will probably come up anytime someone Googles his name for a long time .
That would definitely suck if I were him , so it is what it is .
So , if anyone was planning on doing any wild shit , this would be a good time to put the bazooka away .
Everything is settled .
In closing , I want to take this opportunity to thank EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOU who took time out to lend your support , write letters , post blogs , make phone calls – once again , you helped settle this thing at lightning speed .
This proves that once again , Blue Schoolers ( and all those newbies who caught on due to this story ) are the BEST fans in the entire world .
THANK YOU .
Case closed .
Hollerate !
Tone .
Capital One No Hassle MILES Rewards vs Capital One No Hassle CASH Rewards
Capital
One® introduces two reward credit cards that are designed to suit your needs and lifestyle – the Capital One® No Hassle Miles ( SM ) Rewards and the Capital One No Hassle Cash ( SM ) Rewards .
Let ’s take a look at what each of these credit card rewards .
Capital One® No Hassle Cash ( SM ) Rewards
This cash - reward credit card from Capital One® offers a 1 % rebate on purchases and a 25 % bonus on the total cash you earned for the previous year .
You can earn as much cash back rewards as you can as this credit card does not impose limits , expiration dates or minimum purchases to be eligible for the rewards .
Aside from this cash - reward program , this credit card also comes with privileges that exclusive only to Capital One card holders .
Benefits include emergency card replacement , auto rental insurance , and extended warranties for purchases .
All card holders are also entitled to exclusive savings from Capital One Saving Zone ( SM ) on Yahoo !
Shopping .
The Capital One® No Hassle Miles Rewards
Capital One® ’s travel reward credit card offers its cardholders 1.25 miles points for every spent on the card .
Aside from travel points , a 1 % cash back is also given on purchases plus a 25 % bonus on the total cash earned the previous year .
Just like the Capital One No Hassle Cash ( SM ) Rewards credit card , there are no limits on the rewards you can earn , no minimum charges required and no blackout dates .
The miles points you earn can be redeemed in five ways .
You can exchange it for cash , exchange it for merchandise , donate your points to a charity , exchange them for gift certificate rewards or travel free to your choice of destination .
To travel for free , you should have at least gathered 15,000 miles points in your account .
This credit card has no annual fee and it comes with a 0 % introductory rate on purchases until October 2009 .
When the introductory period expires , the interest rate on both purchases and balance transfers still remains reasonable .
Capital One® No Hassle Miles Rewards vs Capital One® No Hassle Cash Rewards
Certainly both cards are worth choosing but which one should you pick ?
If you ’re the type of card holder who wants to carry balances over to the next billing cycle , the Cash Rewards card can also work for you .
If you ’re interested in a chance to travel for free or if you ’re frequent traveler , then you should definitely take advantage of the Capital One No Hassle Miles ( SM ) Rewards card .
Do n’t forget that Capital One® ’s No Hassle Miles ( SM ) Rewards card also awards cash points and bonuses aside from travel points .
Also , if you do n’t want to go on a travel or if you did n’t gather enough miles points , you can always exchange them for cash - back , merchandise , gift certificate or a charity donation .
Check out the complete list of their terms and conditions which can be found in Capital One ’s website .
* See the online reward credit cards application for details about terms and conditions of reward programs and offers .
Traffic drives along a motorway in Britain in an undated file photo .
A teenager has been arrested on suspicion of having posted a video of himself on YouTube driving at speeds of more than 140 mph , police said on Thursday .
REUTERS / File
LONDON ( Reuters ) - A teenager has been arrested on suspicion of having posted a video of himself on YouTube driving at speeds of more than 140 mph , police said Thursday .
The car , a Ford Escort , was filmed on the A76 single - carriageway road in southwest Scotland .
The detained 19 - year - old has not been named .
Sergeant Scott McLachlan , from the Roads Policing Unit at Dumfries and Galloway police , described it as “ completely foolish behavior . ”
“ Not only did he endanger his own life , but that of other road - users .
It is unacceptable , and to post a recording of such driving on the Internet is entirely stupid . ”
One - in - three fatal accidents involve drivers under the age of 25 , he added .
“ Young men in particular seem to think they are invincible behind the wheel -- but the facts tell a different story . ”
US President George W. Bush drinks tea as he sits with Saudi King Abdullah on Jan. 15 , 2008 .
" The problems we are currently seeing in the United States have nothing to do with OPEC , " says el - Badri .
Foto : AP
For some inexplicable reason , Republicans have been preoccupied for quite some time with Baghdad ’s electrical supply , pointing to it as one of the good - news stories that Americans allegedly do n’t hear about .
The White House urged the media to cover it more a year ago ; Tony Snow bragged about Iraq ’s electricity - generating facilities ; and then - House Speaker Dennis Hastert ’s office boasted of Baghdad ’s shining lights as an example of progress in the war .
They had it backwards .
Electricity in Baghdad has been one of the more chronic infrastructure problems plaguing the Iraqi city .
Indeed , over the last year or so , the number of hours Baghdad residents could expect electricity has actually dropped .
Do n’t worry , the Bush administration has a plan to deal with all of this .
Take steps to improve the power supply ?
Do n’t be silly ; the administration has decided to stop reporting on Baghdad ’s electrical problems .
As the Bush administration struggles to convince lawmakers that its Iraq war strategy is working , it has stopped reporting to Congress a key quality - of - life indicator in Baghdad : how long the power stays on .
[ T ]he State Department , which prepares a weekly “ status report ” for Congress on conditions in Iraq , stopped estimating in May how many hours of electricity Baghdad residents typically receive each day .
It ’s the quintessential Bush move -- when struggling with discouraging news , it ’s easier to hide it than fix it .
The Best Undiscovered Super Nintendo ( SNES ) Games
Usually , when you get a new - to - you console , you can usually find or remember the major games to check out .
But what happens when you need something different to play ?
This is where the “ Hidden Gems ” come in .
Criteria For Hidden Gems | See All The Hidden Gems Articles | Digg This Guide
Looking for The Best SNES Games ?
Platformers
Obvious Choices : Super Mario World , Yoshi’s Island , Super Mario All - Stars , Kirby , The Lion King , Mickey Mania
Featured Game : DoReMi Fantasy
Most of the best platformers on the Super Nintendo received a good amount of exposure of the US , so we ’re digging into the Japanese Super Famicom library a bit here .
DoReMi Fantasy is a colorful and whimsical platformer that is a bit ahead of its time .
If you have a way of playing this little gem , you really need to track it down .
From RVG Fanatic ’s Review : “ DoReMi Fantasy is a highly polished side - scrolling platformer .
There are 7 worlds each with their own theme .
In each world there ’s a minimum of 6 levels followed by a boss .
An overhead map allows you to backtrack .
The levels are n’t particularly long , but they possess plenty of detail , quirky enemies , excellent backdrops , ace set pieces and satisfying gameplay moments .
Milon is a great character , full of charm and animated brilliantly .
The graphics are OUTSTANDING .
The game has a real sense of LIFE to it … you really have to see it in motion to fully appreciate it . ”
Check for DoReMi Fantasy on eBay
Featured Game : Plok
So if we are going to feature a North American gem here , I think we should go with Plok .
I ca n’t think of a better US platformer that most people have n’t heard of and actually looks like a precusor to Rayman .
While it did not have the polish and creativity of a Mario or Sonic , it was a well - rounded game that exceeded in gameplay , colorful graphics , and amazing music ( some of the best composed on SNES ) .
It has a very original art style and the visuals and environments are colorful and creative .
Strong characters , great controls , and some seriously difficult , yet awesome bosses make this game a sleeper hit
From PressTheButtons ’ Review : “ One of my favorite games to spring from the great cartoon character game mascot wars of the 16 - bit generation has to be Plok for the Super NES .
Released in 1992 , Plok tells the story of our intrepid hero ( Plok ) , a little fella made up of what appears to be boots , gloves , a hangman ’s hood , and a torso .
Plok ’s self - assigned mission was to drive the nasty fleas from his island , a feat accomplished by shooting his own arms and legs at his targets .
Without his limbs poor
Plok is defenseless , meaning he must hop around on his torso until he can recover his missing parts .
The game is downright hard to complete , as it ’s very long and lacks a save feature or password ability .
Taking on the world of Plok is one hell of a commitment even today . ”
Check for Plok on Amazon.com
Check for Plok on eBay
Featured Game : Ganbare Goemon 2 : Kiteretsu Shougun Magginesu
Ganbare Goemon 2 : Kiteretsu Shogun Magginesu ( Japanese only release sequel to The Legend Of The Mystical Ninja ) I picked it up and have not put it down since .
This game is Konami at there best , so much crazy stuff in this game , really a step up from the first in every way .
Also the game can be played without knowing any Japanese , all you need to know is the third option in the Inn saves your game .
From HG101 ’s Review : “ ” Kiterestu Shougun Magginesu ” , or “ The Mysterious General Magginesu ” , takes Goemon straight into platformer territory .
You move around levels via a world map stage select ( similar to Super Mario World ) , with some occasional towns to shop in .
The character sprites have been enlarged , and while they look fantastic , it makes the game feel a little bit awkward ( similar to Mega Man 7 . )
This is where the series developed the unique art style that ’s been used in almost every game afterwards .
There are three playable characters – Goemon and Ebisumaru are back , with Sasuke the clockwork ninja making his first appearance .
Each character has their own unique attacks , although you ca n’t switch between them ingame – you ’ll have to reset the console .
Goemon 2 also serves as the introduction to the legendary Goemon Impact . ”
Check for Ganbare Goemon 2 on eBay
Additional Games To Try :
Magical Quest starring Mickey Mouse – Amazon | eBay
Cool Spot – Amazon | eBay
Magical Pop’n – Review | eBay
Ganbare Daiku No Gensan – Review | eBay
Go Go Ackman - Review | eBay
Joe & Mac ( Caveman Ninja ) – Amazon | eBay
Tiny Toon Adventures : Buster Busts Loose – Amazon | eBay
Umihara Kawase – eBay
Power Load Runner – Review | eBay
Lode Runner Twin – Review | eBay
Super Soukoban – Review | eBay
Power Soukoban - Review | eBay
Claymates - Amazon | eBay
Boogerman - Amazon | eBay
Bugs Bunny Rabbit Rampage – Amazon | eBay
Mickey and Donald – Review | eBay
Mickey Tokyo Disneyland – Review | eBay
Miracle Girls – Review | eBay
Action / Adventure
Obvious Choices : Super Metroid , Earthworm Jim , Prince of Persia , Super Ghouls ‘ N Ghosts , Star Fox , Super Star Wars Series , Mega Man , Flashback : The Quest for Identity , Out of This World , Disney ’s Aladdin
Featured Game : Phantom 2040
Phantom 2040 has to be one of the most under - appreciated games from the 16 - bit era .
In fact , I was not even aware of its existence until a few years ago .
If you enjoy action games with exploration elements such as Metroid and Castlevania , you need to take a serious look at Phantom 2040 .
It wo n’t have quite the polish of those titles , but it ’s dirt cheap and lots of fun .
From Racketboy ’s Full Review : “ Again , if you enjoy the Metroid style of gameplay , you should feel right at home with Phantom 2040 .
The focus on shooting , jumping , and ducking throughout the game also reminds me a bit of Vectorman .
However , as opposed the the pure run-and - gun style of Vectorman , Phantom 2040 requires more exploration throughout and between level in addition to using a rope - like item to grab onto and swing from ledges .
Phantom 2040 also incorporates some of the item and power - up collection elements from other classic games like Metroid and Legend of Zelda .
Items includes things such as a Wave Punch , a shield , and the Shadow Panther , which leaps from enemy to enemy and defeats all that it touches .
Some weapons are ideal for beating bosses , while others are better for blowing away enemy biots . ”
Check for Phantom 2040 on Amazon.com
Check for Phantom 2040 on eBay
Featured Game : Demon ’s Crest / Demon ’s Blazon
The gameplay formula is also similar to Metroid , but in a different way .
Demon ’s Crest is an interesting game - element mix of Ghouls and Ghosts , Magical Quest , and Mega Man X .
And who does n’t like playing as the bad guy ?
The graphics and atmosphere of the game are dark , gritty , and overall top notch , and some of the boss battles are phenomenal .
Additionally , the game has an excellent sound track that fits its mood perfectly .
It ’s definitely not as good as Super Metroid , but it ’s a similar feeling game with an excellent new look .
From HG101 ’s Review : “ Demon ’s Crest is what happens on the oh so rare occasion when Capcom decides to take one of their dying IPs and reinvent it …
Capcom took the whimsical and simplistic Makai Mura brand and created something so far detached from it that it ’s hard to believe such a game could emerge from such a franchise …
Firebrand ’s options at [ the beginning ] are limited , however , as many obstacles lay in his way that ca n’t be passed without the power of the crests .
Demon ’s Crest has a similar structure to Metroid and the more recent 2D Castlevanias in this sense , as each power - up you find will open up new parts of the world .
Aside from Firebrand ’s innate abilities to shoot fire , cling to walls , and fly on a single plane , each crest Firebrand finds unlocks a new form for him to manifest .
The abilities of these forms differ greatly .
On top of the variety that comes with having half a dozen forms , Firebrand also finds various items scattered throughout the demon realm …
The best part about the game is the boss fights .
There ’s at least two in every area , not counting minor mid-bosses .
Not only are the bosses huge and intimidating , but also very challenging .
There ’s quite a bit of strategy involved in every fight , and you ’ll need to make very wise decisions .
It ’ll likely take you several tries just to develop a working game plan during many of these epic battles .
One fight in particular is commonly cited as one of the most difficult boss fights ever . ”
Check for Demon ’s Crest on Amazon
Check for Demon ’s Crest on eBay
Featured Game : The Adventures of Batman & Robin
It could easily be argued that The Adventures of Batman & Robin is the best 2D Batman game , but also possibly the second best Batman game behind Batman : Arkham Asylum .
It perfectly captured every aspect of the Batman Animated series from the look , to the sound to even the themes of the stages which borrowed heavily from actual episodes of the show .
Konami seems known more for Batman Returns but this was an even better Batman game from them .
From VGMuseum ’s Review : ” The graphics are excellent .
The sprites are smaller than Batman Returns but their animation is a lot better .
It ’s very cartoon - like , and up to par with the animation of Disney games like The Lion King and Mickey Mania .
The backgrounds are very pretty , dark coloured to fit with the theme of the game and with a lot of details .
They are not as good as those in Batman Returns , but they are a close second …
It has elements of Beat ’em ups but most of the game is platform .
Batman can kick and punch his enemies , as well as perform a body slam .
There are also a fair amount of weapons to use such the grappling hook , bombs and tear gas .
The play control to perform these moves is excellent .
There are 8 levels total , and at the end of most levels there is a villain as the boss .
You will face classic villains like the Joker , Poison Ivy , The Penguin , Catwoman and Scarecrow .
There is also Two - Face , which is the disappointing batmobile stage ’s boss , and the Riddler , but unfortunately you do n’t get to fight him face to face as a boss .
The difficulty is pretty high , but there is a password feature that makes the game easier .
If you want to see the true ending , though , you must finish the game in hard mode where there are no passwords .
That ’s a challenge for you ! ”
Check for The Adventures of Batman and Robin on Amazon
Check for the Adventures of Batman and Robin on eBay
Featured Game : The Firemen
Before the cult - classic Burning Rangers made it to the Sega Saturn , the Super Famicom was graced with this little - known gem that gives 16 - bit gamers the thrill of putting out fires and saving the day .
From RVG Fanatic ’s Review : “ It ’s 6 PM on Christmas and a small fire in the Metrotech kitchen left unattended has spread throughout the complex .
With the building quickly burning to a crisp and injured people trapped inside , it ’s your job to get in and neutralize the situation .
There are six floors in all .
Thanks to the whole theme and atmosphere , it reminds me of Die Hard the movie , except replace the terrorists with deadly flames , and the guns with a water hose
Your partner carries an axe and helps you in eradicating fires and other enemies , including bosses .
He ’ll carry out the victims as well .
Finding and rescuing victims are not necessary , per se , but finding more means a better score and each time you save someone your health will be restored by roughly 60 % ( if necessary ) ”
Check for The Firemen on eBay
Featured Game : The King of Demons / Majyuuou
In this Castlevania / Contra style game called The King of Demons ( Better known as Majyuuou in japan ) Basically your wife and daughter have been taken from you and you ’re out to whoop some demon ass .
Wierd ass evil creatures get shot in the face constantly by you and after killing enough you can transform into different monsters .
Also the sprites on your character and the enemies are very well done .
From RVG Fanatic ’s Review : “ MAJYUUOU could be described as “ Castlevania with a gun ” or “ Resident Evil meets Castlevania . ”
But more than throw out lingo’s , let ’s delve a little deeper into this morbid action scroller …
Initially , the small sprites were disappointing and in general I felt graphically it was a bit of a letdown .
The game ’s fairly short and not too difficult .
It was n’t the 9 + out of 10 masterpiece a part of me was expecting to be honest ( mostly due to hype and word of mouth ) , but it ’s well worth owning .
I love the strange and gruesome creatures , the mini - bosses are sweet and it kind of reminds me of Taromaru a little bit .
It had that Japanese demonic tone down pat .
The gameplay is reminiscent of an old 8 - bit game for some reason , which is a plus for anyone keeping score at home .
The different demon transformations are quite Altered Beast - esque .
I like it .
MAJYUUOU is a good ole fashion ghoulish romp that places itself on the small list of dark action games ( worth playing ) on the Super NES . ”
Check for The King of Demons on eBay
Additional Games To Try :
Blackthorne – Amazon | eBay
MechWarrior 3050 – Amazon | eBay
Rendering Ranger R2 – Review | eBay
EVO – The Search for Eden – Amazon | eBay
Nosferatu – Review | Amazon | eBay
Mazinger Z – eBay
Actraiser – Amazon | eBay
Lost Vikings – Amazon | eBay
Skyblazer – Amazon | eBay
Legend of the Mystical Ninja – Amazon | eBay
Equinox – Review | eBay
Ghost Sweeper Mikami – Review | eBay
Batman Returns – Amazon | eBay
Run-N- Gun Shooter
Obvious Choice : Contra III : The Alien Wars
Feautred Game : Cybernator
Cybernator ( aka Assault Suits Valken in Japan ) game is an intense side - scrolling , mech shooter that takes you through a steep difficulty curve .
In this shmup , your ‘ Assault Suit ’ can jump , thrust , dash , punch and use various weapons to do your damage .
Control is great ( but different ) with a real ‘ chunky robot ’ feel .
The cartridge is dirt cheap , so if you ’re an action fan that likes a challenge , there ’s no reason to skip Cybernator .
From Nintendoland ’s Review : ” Cybernator is playing in the same league as Konami´s other action games like Super Castlevania and Contra 3 , but at the same time it ’s very different because the emphasis of the game is laid more on strategic thinking and accurate shooting than on quick reflexes and fine tuned jumping skills .
You are a pilot of a 100 ton battle mech equipped with a trusty shield and an upgradeable vulcan cannon , that later on can be upgraded to an flamethrower , a lasercannon or a missile launcher .
The shield is an essential piece of equipment because it will protect you from almost any enemy attack , even from behind .
This mean that you do n’t have to avoid enemy gunfire , you can just pick up the shield , and that ´s lucky for you because your battlemech is all other than fast , slim and movable … .
The thing that makes Cybernator so special is the shield that makes this game less hectic than other action games .
Instead you must study each enemy and learn their patterns so you know when to take down the shield and attack and when not to .
This handy shield does n’t make the game to easy if you think so , even if I would rather recommend games like Contra 3 if you want a real challenge .
Both Contra 3 and Super Castlevania is better choices than Cybernator but when they are finished then maybe you should start thinking about getting yourself a copy of Cybernator ”
Check for Cybernator on Amazon.com
Check for Cybernator on eBay
Featured Game : Metal Warriors
This shooter from Lucas Arts is actually an unofficial follow - up to Cybernator ( some refer to Metal Warriors as “ Assault Suits Gideon ” ) .
The graphics were amazing , the missions were bad ass ,
It was full of secret areas , the cinematics were gorgeous , and the mech design was wicked .
Of course , the multiplayer is really what makes it great , and there can be some pretty intense matches when you play with a friend .
From Syffer Bidan ’s Review on GameFAQs : “ Unlike Assault Suits Valken , where you level up your weapons through item collection , or Assault Suits Leynos , which allowed you to collect weapons through points and kills earned in missions , Gideon allows you to pick up weapons and shoulder mounts from crates and ports .
Yes , these weapons do have ammunition limits , but they usually aid you in your infiltration or mission objective , whatever that may be .
The unique aspect of this game is that there is no life bar .
To judge how well you are fairing , look at your Assault Suit or Assault Armor .
If you have bullet holes and tattered paint , I suggest you find a new suit or armor to board .
Yes , stealing Assault Suits was a neat aspect of this game , but you must be wary when doing so , or you may just be annihilated by the enemy . ”
Check for Metal Warriors on Amazon
Check for Metal Warriors on eBay
Featured Game : Zombies Ate My Neighbors
This game got a bit of exposure when it was released , but many younger gamers might not be aware of it .
It also showed up on the Sega Genesis , but the SNES port is regarded as the better version .
Has a great soundtrack and really cool b-movie / horror vibe and recognizable movie villains .
“ Zombies ” also serves as some of the best co-op on SNES .
From NintendoLife ’s Review : “ Your goal in Zombies Ate My Neighbors is simple : you have to locate and rescue ten of your neighbors before the zombies and other ghouls get their hands on them .
Along the way , you ’ll be chased by everything from tiny axe murderers to chainsaw - wielding madmen .
Under normal circumstances this might seem impossible , but you have the unique distinction of being armed to the teeth , which will make it at least a little easier to accomplish your task .
Your main weapon is a water pistol filled with holy water that can take down most of the weaker enemies , but you ’re going to need the big guns to take down the stronger monsters .
You ’ll find dynamite , a bazooka , not to mention a potion that can turn you into a huge scary monster , to aid you on your quest .
Once you ’ve managed to rescue all of the neighbors , a door will open up that will warp you to the next area where you must start the entire process all over again .
The control in the game is rock solid and the large selection of different weapons gives the game plenty of variety .
The levels start out fairly easy , but they ’ll soon become much more complicated and finding the neighbors will become increasingly troublesome , not to mention the fact that the monsters become more aggressive .
You ’ll really have your work cut out for you in the later levels of the game when the action gets insanely intense .
The good news is the game ’s responsive play controls give you every chance you ’ll need to be successful , although you ’ll have to supply the skills of course . ”
Check for Zombies At My Neighbors on Amazon
Check for Zombies Ate My Neighbors on eBay
Additional Games To Try :
Jurassic Park 2 : The Chaos Continues Amazon | eBay
Kiki Kaikai ( Pocky and Rocky ) Amazon | eBay
B.O.B. – Amazon | eBay
Front Mission : Gun Hazard – Amazon | eBay
Shmups
Obvious Choices : Jikkyou Oshaberi Parodius , Gokujou Parodius , Gradius III , R - Type III , Super Smash TV , Super R- Type , Darius Twin
Featured Game : Space Megaforce ( aka Super Aleste )
The SNES is a wonderful platform for shooters , so anybody dedicated to the genre is probably well - aware of most of the games here , but Space Megaforce is probably one of the best that would slip by the more casual retro fan ’s radar .
While it is techically part of the rather well - known Aleste series , the title of the North American release probably wo n’t grab most shmup fan ’s attention .
From SHMUPS !
Review : “ Back in time when gamers were n’t convinced of the Super Famicom ’s processing speed – justified because of serious slowdown cases in almost every shooter on the machine – along came Super Aleste , also known as Space Megaforce in the US …
Perhaps Super Aleste ’s best feature is it ’s weapon system .
Besides the obligatory smart bombs you can pick up , there are eight different upgradeable gadgets at your disposal .
Also very welcome is the possibility to change their attack mode at will ; for example you can switch between regular or less powerful homing missiles , or lock the position of the Gradius - style multiples .
The bottomline is that not many other shoot ‘em ups provide a comparable amount of destructive firepower , especially on a ‘ mere ’ 16 - bit machine .
It could do with some better balancing , though – Super Aleste is a bit too easy on the standard difficulty setting , because the enemy just ca n’t keep up with the damage you ’re capable of doing . ”
Check for Space Megaforce on Amazon.com
Check for Space Megaforce on eBay
Feautred Game : Wild Guns
There are n’t a ton of Western - based video games or really good Cabal clones ( shooting gallery - style shmups ) to my knowledge .
Wild Guns also delivers in every area from graphics , music , controls and challenge .
Frankly , it ’s just a perfect game .
Personally , I ca n’t see any best of SNES list not include this game and yet it ’s quite obscure
From HG101 ’s Review : “ At its core , Wild Guns basically plays exactly like every other variant of the genre , so anybody familiar with Cabal or NAM - 1975 will be able to get into it very easily …
What few original techniques are available to you in Wild Guns seem relatively minor , but they ’re what really make it such a great game – they take the genre ’s conventions and refine them to the point of perfection …
Wild Guns tends to be a very obscure game , even among more intense SNES fans , and it has n’t been sequeled , ported , rereleased , or remade .
If you are n’t familiar with this you ’ve missed out , because it ’s honestly among the best games for its console ” .
Check for Wild Guns on Amazon
Check for Wild Guns on eBay
Additional Games To Try :
Strike Gunner STG – Amazon | eBay
Pop ‘ n ’ Twinbee : Rainbow Bell Adventures – Review | eBay
Pop ‘ n’ Twinbee – Review | eBay
Tekkaman Blade – Review | eBay
Aero Fighters / Sonic Wings – Amazon | eBay
Blazeon – Amazon | eBay
Cosmo Gang : The Video – Review | eBay
Firepower 2000 – Review | Amazon | eBay
Super Earth Defense Force – Amazon | eBay
Super Nova ( Darius Force ) – Review | Amazon | eBay
Thunder Spirits – Review | Amazon | eBay
U.N. Squadron – Review | Amazon | eBay
Acrobat Mission – eBay
Bio Metal – Review | Amazon | eBay
Cotton – Review | eBay
Spriggan Powered – Review | eBay
Axelay – Review | Amazon | eBay
Fighting
Obvious Choices : Street Fighter II , Street Fighter Alpha 2 , Mortal Kombat , Killer Instinct , Primal Rage , Samurai Shodown
Featured Game : WeaponLord
This is one of the most complex 2D fighters ever created , as well as one of the most brutal and gory .
Despite its limited character roster of six , WeaponLord featured a parry system , deflections , disarms , knock downs , weapon - to - weapon struggles , weapon breaking , destructible clothing and armor , a “ fatality combo ” system , 10 or more special moves per character , multiple endings , and some of the least forgiving AI in any game .
From Sega - 16 ’s Review [ of the Genesis version ] : “ The computer AI can be rather aggressive , and players will struggle with the sluggishness of the controls .
That ’s not to say the fighters are unresponsive , but dealing with the number of schizophrenic special move inputs and variety of situations WeaponLord throws at the player will make all but the most fanatic fighting game players ’ heads spin .
The game uses the standard six - button fighter control scheme , but with all six inputs devoted to various types of weapon slashes , thrusts , and strikes , the overall sameness of the attacks can make it difficult to comprehend how to approach the game .
For the players who just want to dragon punch and fireball their way to victory without understanding that the fighting engine is not as fast nor as cross - up and throw heavy as Street Fighter II , WeaponLord will disappoint .
WeaponLord is all about taking one of the seven Boris Vallejo characters and completely annihilating the opponent …
Though the gameplay holds up well even compared to modern fighters which is an impressive feat in itself , I suspect most will tire with the lack of characters and poor presentation when compared to Super Street Fighter II .
That ’s not to say there can be only one when it comes to fighting games , but getting the most out of WeaponLord ’s dizzying array of commands and strikes will take some serious commitment , which unfortunately I do n’t see happening for most players willing to give the game a try . ”
Check for WeaponLord on Amazon
Check for WeaponLord on eBay
Featured Game : Mighty Morphin Power Rangers : The Fighting Edition
While it may be difficult to consider playing a game with Power Rangers all over it , this actually turns out to be a solid game once you get past that .
Control is smooth , characters are well animated , and there ’s a unique special move system utilizing a timing mechanism .
Execute one while the power gauge is full , and you ’ll be bumped up to the next level , until you finally unleash an uber - powered version .
And wandering around the battlefield in giant megazords or as a massive monster is a lot of fun .
It ’s not surprising , considering this game uses the same engine as another title on our list where giant robots duke it out .
Check for Mighty Morphin Power Rangers : The Fighting Edition on Amazon
Check for Mighty Morphin Power Rangers : The Fighting Edition on eBay
Gundam Wing : Endless Duel
If you were wondering what title I was referenced in Power Rangers : The Fighting Edition , this is it .
It is extremely unfortunate this never made it outside of Japan , because it ’s one of the best fighters on the Super Famicom .
Players take control of various Mobile Suits from the popular Mobile Suit Gundam Wing anime series .
Endless
Duel featured the ability to boost twice , air block , and hover for a limited time , and some Suits are capable of air throws and aerial super moves .
To accommodate this , stages scroll both horizontally and vertically .
Players must also rely on building high energy levels via blocking and attacking to use special moves or fire their machine guns .
Featured Game : Battle Tycoon : Flash Hiders SFX
The pseudo - sequel / remake of Battle Tycoon on the PC Engine , this game dropped the cinematic sequences of the original , and swapped out four cast members , but added an “ Advance ” mode where players can travel between different cities , fighting opponents and using money earned from fighting and betting to upgrade equipment .
Characters tend to gravitate between large cyborgs , long - range mages , and up - close werebeasts and swordsmen .
Opponents will sometimes be much more powerful or much weaker than the player , adding a nice touch of realism , though the game is largely balanced .
It ’s also interesting to note that both this and its PC Engine predecessor feature guard cancels , offensive dashes , and defensive hops .
Some characters can also slide or triangle jump off stages .
Check for Battle Tycoon : Flash Hiders SFX on eBay
Additional Games To Try :
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles : Tournament Fighters – Amazon | eBay
– Amazon | eBay Power Instinct – Amazon | eBay
– Amazon | eBay Kidou Senshi Gundam W : Endless Duel — eBay
Dragon Ball Z Super Butouden 2 — eBay
Tae Kwon Do — eBay
SD Hiryu no Ken ( Galactic Defender ) — eBay
Dragon Ball Z Hyper Dimension — eBay
King of Monsters – Amazon | eBay
Beatemups / Hack - N- Slash
Obvious Choices : Super Castlevania IV , Castlevania Dracula X , Final Fight , Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles IV : Turtles in Time
Featured Game : Knights of the Round
“ This little - known game is a sentimental favorite of mine .
It plays like a classy Golden Axe with no monsters and better visuals .
The beautiful graphics feature majestic castles and picturesque medieval landscapes .
A lavishly orchestrated musical score fits the theme perfectly .
You can choose from one of three legendary characters , including King Author .
You ’ll gradually increase your experience level as you battle knights , barbarians , jesters , and magicians .
And of course each stage ends with the obligatory boss .
You ’ll collect money and food that fall from enemies you slay .
Actually it looks pretty funny when you kill a knight and a big salad falls out of him .
By far the best feature is your ability to knock a knight off of his horse and mount the horse yourself .
It ’s a cool but underused trick – there are only 2 or 3 opportunities to do it in the whole game .
The two player simultaneous action is fun enough , but slowdown is rampant at times .
And while the music is excellent , the sound effects are horribly muffled .
Knights of the Round is no classic , but fighting fans should take a look . ”
The Video Game Critic ’s Review of Knights of the Round
Find Knights of the Round on eBay
Featured Game : The King of Dragons
While Knights of the Round was a solid fantasy Hack - N - Slash in its own right , Capcom went for a more Dungeons & Dragons - esque feel with The King of Dragons , a game that holds similar themes and styles to their later D&D titles Tower of Doom and Shadow Over Mystara .
Characters choose from a group of classes at the start , picking between Warrior , Wizard , Cleric , Elf , or Dwarf .
As characters continue to battle hordes of monsters , they gain experience for leveling up and more powerful equipment .
While many of the enemies ( and a couple of bosses ) consist of pallet swaps , the game is pretty , controls well , and the audio is well done .
The bosses are well designed , culminating in a fierce battle against a massive red dragon that was a lot of fun for me .
Check for The King of Dragons on Amazon
Check for The King of Dragons on eBay
Featured Game : Magic Sword
Another Capcom fantasy Hack - N- Slash , Magic
Sword takes the player on an epic journey to climb the 50 - floor tower known as Dragon Keep to defeat the dark lord Drokmar , whose control over the Black Orb may enable him to conquer the world .
You play as the Brave One , an able fighter who must use keys to unlock new equipment and free imprisoned sidekicks while navigating traps , fending off hordes of monsters , and slaying magical bosses .
The game also features two endings , offering the player a choice at a key moment to decide which one .
While it ’s not as pretty as Knights of the Round or The King of Dragons , it was also released in arcades a year before either , and the SNES port was released two years before the ports of the other two .
Check for Magic Sword on Amazon
Check for Magic Sword on eBay
Additional Games To Try :
Spider - Man & Venom : Maximum Carnage – Amazon | eBay
Battletoads & Double Dragon – Amazon | eBay
Super Double Dragon – Amazon | eBay
The King of Dragons — eBay
Gegege No Kitarou – Review | eBay
Shin Nekketsu Kouha Kunio- kun – Kunio Tachi No Banka — eBay
Shodai – Nekketsu Kouha Kunio-kun — eBay
Legend — eBay
Iron Commando – Review | eBay
RPG
Obvious Choices : Chrono Trigger , EarthBound , Final Fantasy II , Final Fantasy III , Final Fantasy Mystic Quest , Secret of Mana , Dragon Quest Series , Breath of Fire Series ( See Full Guide to the SNES RPG Library )
Featured Game : Lufia II : Rise of the Sinistrals
The Lufia Series is a set of currently four fantasy RPGs all set in the same world across multiple centuries , though only two were released for Super Famicom .
While America would get both Lufia & The Fortress of Doom and Lufia 2 : Rise of the Sinistrals , Europe and Australia would only see Lufia 2 ( called Lufia in Australia ) .
The two titles are actually out of order in the time line , with the ending of Lufia 2 serving as the intro to Lufia .
In the Lufia games , random encounters occur on the world map , but in Lufia 2 , dungeon enemies are represented by sprites similar to one of the enemies in the group , and only move when the player moves , making it possible to dodge them .
From RPGFan ’s Review :“ Lufia 2 is actually a prequel to the first Lufia game ; the story of Lufia 2 takes place 100 years before the first game …
Like its predecessor , Lufia 2 uses a turn based battle system with rounds …
Puzzles are a very big part of Lufia 2 .
Each dungeon contains several puzzles .
Some puzzles must be solved in order to complete the dungeon and open new rooms leading to the goal , but there are also a few puzzles which are optional and yield special items and armaments to those who solve them .
Some of the puzzles are simple in design , such as hitting switches and levers , luring enemies to step on switches , and killing certain monsters , but there are also several very original and clever puzzles in Lufia 2 .
The puzzles are all very simple early in the game , but in later dungeons , some of the puzzles are very difficult … .
All in all , Lufia 2 is an enjoyable game , and a nice classic 2 - D RPG .
Fans of Lufia 1 would be the people who would enjoy Lufia 2 the most .
Although Lufia 2 is technically a prequel , the story is best experienced by playing Lufia 1 first and Lufia 2 second .
Lufia 1 left several mysteries unsolved ; Lufia 2 reveals the answers . ”
Check for Lufia II : Rise of the Sinistrals on Amazon
Check for Lufia II : Rise of the Sinistrals on eBay
Featured Game : Shadowrun
It does feature a leveling up of sorts .
As Jake kills enemies he gains Karma , which can be spent to boost stats , power up abilities , or unlock new ones .
Jake can also speak with NPCs through a large database of terms that gets added to every time someone says a new keyword to him .
But finally , in a hark back to its roots and the novel Neuromancer , Jake can enter cyberspace to hack computers .
This gets him money and key information , though if you die in cyberspace , you die in the game .
Check for Shadowrun on Amazon
Check for Shadowrun on eBay
Featured Game : Tales of Phantasia
While the first title in the Tales series of RPGs , Tales of Phantasia would n’t see a release outside of Japan until 2006 ( on the Gameboy Advance ) , which is a shame considering the quality of the game .
This title would be the first 46 Megabit game to be released on the Super Famicom , as well as the first game to feature streamed audio voices , thanks to the power of the “ Flexible Voice Driver . ”
This includes full vocals for the song “ Yume Wa Owaranai . ”
The plot follows two young men , Cless Alvein and Chester Burklight , who are out hunting when their village is destroyed .
When they return , they find their families killed , and Cress vows revenge .
Along the way , they make new friends and allies , adding to the party in skill , power , and capability .
It sounds stereotypical , yes , but the battle system goes above and beyond .
It ’s an early build of the Tales combat system , known as the Linear Motion Battle System .
Combat is on a 2D plane , similar to a fighting game , where characters can run around attacking one another .
The player generally controls one character , while the computer handles the rest .
In Tales of Phantasia , the system is not as refined as it would be in later games , so the player never has total control over their character .
But they can make general selections about the AI of other characters , improving the party ’s survivability .
Find Tales of Phantasia on eBay
Additional Games To Try :
Lufia & The Fortress Of Doom – Amazon | eBay
Live A Live – eBay
Romance of the Three Kingdoms II – Amazon |eBay
Secret of Evermore – Amazon | eBay
Wonder Project J – eBay
7th Saga — eBay
Bishoujo Senshi Sailor Moon : Another Story – Review | eBay
Inindo : Way of the Ninja — eBay
Romancing Sa-Ga 3 – Review | eBay
Shin Megami Tensei — eBay
Arcana – Amazon | eBay
Star Ocean – eBay
Robotrek – Amazon | eBay
Ardy Lightfoot – Amazon | eBay
Wizardry V – Amazon | eBay
Paladin ’s Quest – Amazon | eBay
Action RPG
Obvious Choices : The Legend of Zelda : A Link to the Past , Super Mario RPG
Featured Game : Illusion of Gaia
This is another Action RPG , known as Illusion of Time in Europe .
The game takes place in a psuedo - historical setting , with many well known locations like the Egyptian Pyramids serving as locales .
The player takes control of an explorer named Will and have them wander different areas attempting to reach new places and kill enemies .
In a bit of a twist , Illusion of Gaia features no experience system .
Instead , a jewel appears after clearing an area that will raise the characters ’ stats .
Money and equipment are also not present in the game , and there are few healing items .
From Flying Omelette ’s Review : “ Gaia looks like Zelda on the surface , but its gameplay is a bit more action - oriented .
Its relatively linear style of play seems to encourage fighting over exploration and puzzle - solving , although the game somehow manages to keep a good balance .
The amount of enemies in each area is always about right and they do n’t respawn , so fighting never becomes repetitive .
Will ’s powers of transformation really liven things up !
When you begin a dungeon , you ’ll usually play for awhile as Will , but eventually you ’ll discover a Dark Space , in which you can transform into the Dark Knight , Freedan , who is stronger than Will .
Freedan makes plowing through enemies even faster and easier .
Gaia has a unique level - up system in which you gain a level by defeating all enemies in a given area .
This is simple to do because you can follow your monster radar to find enemies you ’ve missed .
There is no monotonous level - building or searching for “ heart containers ” or anything in that mold . ”
Find Illusion of Gaia on eBay
Featured Game : Terranigma
One of the console ’s greatest and most overlooked Action RPGs , Terranigma was released only in Japan , Europe , and Australia .
So while PAL owners got to experience the joys of this title , most Americans went on with their lives , never knowing the greatness that lay across the oceans .
Terranigma tells the story of the resurrection of the world , progressing from millions of years ago to the near future .
The main character , named Ark , is a bit of a trouble maker , who just so happens to open a box that causes the inhabitants of his village the freeze .
The village elder , the only person besides
Ark not to be frozen , then tells him he has to fix things , and sends him on his way to bring life back to the Underworld , and then the Overworld .
As an Action RPG , the title also features an unusual combat system , where attacks differ depending on whether the character is running , standing still , or jumping .
There is also the option to block , though this does little more than stopping small projectiles .
The game also uses a magic system involving “ magic rings , ” which are made from Magirocks found in the game that the player takes to magic shops and has turned into rings .
Once a ring is used , it ’s destroyed , though the player will get the items used to make it back in their inventory to make more rings .
Find Terranigma on eBay
Additional Games To Try :
Dragon View – Amazon | eBay
Soul Blazer – Amazon | eBay
Twisted Tales of Spike McFang – Review | eBay
Strategy RPG
Obvious Choices : Fire Emblem Series , Super Famicom Wars ( both Japan only )
Featured Game : Ogre Battle : March of the Black Queen
” The story is not full RPG quality , but there ’s enough in it to make you want to care .
In it , you build an army from a various mix of humans , imps , and other assorted creatures , all with their own strengths and weaknesses .
You then put 10 units ( of up to 5 characters each ) on the map and use them to liberate towns , and take out the Empire ’s forces on that particular map …
The complex structure of this game is what makes this a true SNES classic .
If at all possible , get the SNES version as it runs much faster than the PS re-release .
The infinite possibilites of what your army can be made up of is half the fun .
You have the troops you ’re given , basic at first , but cheap and eventually powerful .
You also have friends along the way who may command higher salaries but give results sooner ( like the two generals ) , or you can recruit lesser troops later on to fill in your weaknesses .
Taking them to battle in the game means they all use up their turns , and whoever deals more damage that battle “ wins ” the battle and pushes the army back some .
Of course , one can eradicate the opponent which is a certain win .
You ca n’t allow the base to be taken , or your main character to die .
Much has been written about what kind of manaGameent this game involves and what I ’ve said barely scratches the surface . ”
StageSelect ’s Review of Ogre Battle
Find Ogre Battle on eBay
Featured Game : Bahamut Lagoon
Another Strategy RPG that was never released outside of Japan , Bahamut Lagoon is a squad - based game where squads are moved one by one over battlefields in an attempt to destroy the enemy or finish specific objectives .
However , the defining thing about Bahamut Lagoon is that the squads also have dragons .
That ’s right , dragons .
The game ’s all about them .
You can fight with them , feed them to increase their stats , and by feeding them enough , get them to evolve into various forms to make them more effective at combat .
In general they have minds of their own , though they will accept simple commands .
The plot of the game centers around Byuu , head of the Resistance .
His aim is to defeat the Granbelos Empire , who recently conquered the world after a long and terrible war that destroyed Byuu ’s home kingdom .
They start by stealing a giant ship called the Farnheit , and set about on their open rebellion .
Now there is n’t much in the way of land in the game .
The world seems mostly composed of caves and floating continents , as well as ships made of land , including the Farnheit .
Flying around on a ship made of dirt and feeding dragons may not seem that interesting , but the game actually ends up rather fun .
Later on , mission modes become available , allowing the player to level themselves and their dragons without advancing the plot .
Find Bahamut Lagoon on eBay
Additional Games To Try :
Gemfire – Amazon | eBay
King Arthur ’s World – Amazon | eBay
Metal Marines – Amazon | eBay
Der Langrisser – eBay
Simulation Strategy
Obvious Choices : SimCity , Populous
Featured Game : Aerobiz Supersonic
“ The goal [ in Aerobiz is ] to win the game is pretty simple on the surface of things : become the # 1 airline in 5 continents .
Each turn in the game equals to a financial quarter and the player gets to make decisions such as where to negotiate to open hubs for new flight destinations , how to tweak existing flight routes to strike a balance between profit and consumer loyalty , and order the most cost - effective planes possible .
Wow , what a boring description .
How the hell is this a good game ?
I have no idea , but somehow Koei makes it work …
If you have ever enjoyed a game from Maxis ’ popular Sims series , or are a statistics maniac , or a turn based strategy game fan in general , try and track down Aerobiz Supersonic for a spin .
It ’s well worth your time and a bit more innovative than a lot of current games that are out .. ”
Find Aerobiz Supersonic on eBay
Additional Games To Try :
Harvest Moon – Amazon | eBay
SimEarth : The Living Planet – Amazon | eBay
Puzzle
Obvious Choices : Tetris & Dr. Mario , Kirby ’s Avalanche
Featured Game : Tetris Attack
Even through it bares the “ Tetris ” brand name on this SNES release , it neither has a whole lot in common with the original Tetris ( other than stuff falling ) , nor did it get nearly the exposure .
Tetris Attack is actually better known on other platforms and regions as Panel de Pon or [ Pokemon ] Puzzle Challenge .
But Tetris
Attack is actually one the must - play titles for puzzle fans regardless of the console or handheld .
From Nintendoland ’s Review : “ This game ’s title is very misleading .
It has not one single thing in common with Tetris at all ( Yoshi ’s Panels or something would ’ve been a better name ) .
Oh , all right , one thing : both games feature a lot of blocks .
And that ’s where the similarities end .
In Tetris Attack , a stack of colorful blocks slowly scrolls up your screen .
If it reaches the top , you die , and oblivion will descend upon earth .
Probably .
You can remove blocks by making lines of four or more of the same color .
To achieve this , you can “ swap ” two blocks around .
I ’ll try to explain .
You control a small cursor with which you can highlight any two blocks that touch sideways .
Press a button , and the two blocks your cursor is on will change position ( I know , it sounds mighty warped on paper , but you ’ll get the hang of it in a matter of seconds ) .
And of course , by making large combos and chain reactions , you will be able to launch devastating attacks on your enemyies . ”
Find Tetris Attack on eBay
Additional Games To Try :
Wario ’s Woods – Amazon | eBay
Little Magic – eBay
Mario and Wario – eBay
Wrecking Crew ‘ 98 – eBay
Araiguma Rascal : Racoon Rascal – Review | eBay
Bakuto !
Dochers – Review | eBay
Keeper – Review | eBay
Panic Bomber – Review | eBay
Action Puzzler
Obvious Choices : Super Bomberman
Featured Game : Otoboke Ninja Colossum
Otoboke lacks the finishing touches and is n’t nearly as customizable as the Bombermen games .
There ’s no option for CPU AI – the default is quite laughably horrible .
There ’s no tag team option .
Thankfully the rest is status quo – pick between 2 - 4 players ( from a character choice of four females ) , 1 - 5 wins and one of the any eight colosseums … ”
RVG Fanatic ’s Review of Otoboke Ninja Colosseum
Find Otoboke Ninja Colossum on eBay
Additional Games To Try :
Spark World – Review | eBay
Bomberman B - Danman – Review | eBay
Sanrio World Smash Ball – Review | eBay
Pop N Smash – Review | eBay
Ranma 1/2 : Ougi Jaanken – Review | eBay
Super Tekkyu Fight !
– Review | eBay
Sutte Hakkun – Review | eBay
Racing / Flying
Obvious Choices : Super Mario Kart , F - Zero , Pilotwings , Stunt Race FX
Featured Game : Rock ‘ N Roll Racing
“ Set across six planets each with a whole host of tracks , Rock N Roll Racing is good over - the - top racing fun .
After selecting your racer of choice players must battle against three other opponents , with the aim of collecting enough points at the end of the season to qualify for the next planet .
Far from being a simple case of racing around the circuit , tracks are often reminiscent of a battleground with both cars and terrain capable of blowing an opponent into a different universe .
Cars come in four different types , starting with a sand buggy - type contraption and working up to a full - on battle hovercraft .
Each vehicle can have numerous things added to it in order to help you through – these include mines , missiles , nitros , better tires , and thicker armour .
But the real skill comes in being able to take on opponents with as little as possible , as when you reach a new planet one of the opponents will have a new car meaning you need to upgrade – and rest assured these contraptions do not come cheap . ”
GameStyle.net ’s Review of Rock N Roll Racing
Find Rock N Roll Racing on eBay
Featured Game : Uniracers / Unirally
Additional Games To Try :
Biker Mice From Mars – Amazon | eBay
Battle Cross – Review | eBay
Battle Racers – Review | eBay
Super Mad Champ – Review | eBay
Astro Go! Go ! – Review | eBay
Top Gear – Amazon | eBay
SD F - 1 Grand Prix – Review | eBay
Sports
Obvious Choices : Madden , NBA Jam , Tecmo Super Bowl , etc
Featured Game : Super Baseball 2020
Even though this title originated on the Neo - Geo , the SNES port of this interesting baseball title is still worth a look .
While some people might find weaknesses in it , I personally spent a lot of time with this game back in the 90s and I still enjoy going back to it .
I loved regular baseball games like Sega ’s World Series Baseball , but Super Baseball 2020 gave a fast - paced and fresh spin on the sport and combined it will a futuristic , sci - fi theme .
Good stuff !
From Nintendo City ’s Review : “ Super Baseball 2020 really shines if you ’re looking for a sports game that is n’t cliche .
The futuristic look and feel to the game give the player an opportunity to get away from realistic baseball games …
The in - game field is much different from tradition baseball fields .
There are bases and a pitcher ’s mound , but everything in the outfield is quite different .
One of these includes the fact that the only way a player can hit a homerun is to strike the ball high and far over an opening in center field .
If the ball is hit left or right , the ball will bounce off a barrier and fall back into play . ”
Check for Super Baseball 2020 on Amazon
Check for Super Baseball 2020 on eBay
Additional Games To Try :
1/29/2008 | 3:01 PM
| Evolved Rationalist
A branch of ‘ alternative ’ medicine that has been gaining prominence in recent years is homeopathy .
According to a homeopaths , homeopathy is the second most widely used system of medicine in the world .
This is indeed cause for worry as the very basic foundations that homeopathy relies on does not stand up to any scientific scrutiny whatsoever .
Nevertheless , I personally know of skeptics who still believe that some element of homeopathy still works beyond the placebo effect .
The cause of this would probably be the advent of homeopathy into mainstream pharmacies and the offices of qualified medical practitioners .
Although nobody denies that there are qualified medical doctors who are also qualified as homeopaths , the very basis of homeopathy does n’t render it suitable as a replacement or even as an ‘ alternative ’ to evidence - based conventional medicine .
The three main principles of homeopathy are :
Like Cures Like
For example , if the symptoms of your cold are similar to poisoning by mercury , then mercury would be your homeopathic remedy .
For example , if the symptoms of your cold are similar to poisoning by mercury , then mercury would be your homeopathic remedy .
Minimal Dose
The remedy is taken in an extremely dilute form ; normally one part of the remedy to around 1,000,000,000,000 parts of water .
The remedy is taken in an extremely dilute form ; normally one part of the remedy to around 1,000,000,000,000 parts of water .
The Single Remedy
No matter how many symptoms are experienced , only one remedy is taken , and that remedy will be aimed at all those symptoms .
Let ’s take a look at the first principle , the so - called like cures like theory .
Hahnemann , the founder of homeopathy believed that restoring the ‘ vital forces ’ of the body is the way to cure diseases that were incurable in his time .
He also claimed that the very small doses of a medication would be enough to heal as the potency of a particular substance could be manipulated by succussion ( vigorous shaking ) .
He founded the like cures like theory after observing that quinine , which causes fever , cured malaria ( in which one of the symptoms is fever ) .
He expounded further on the like cures like theory , by claiming ( without any evidence whatsoever ) that diluting the so - called cure minimizes its bad effects but maintains its full ‘ curative ’ power .
Scientifically , this is utter nonsense .
Is he speculating that some sort of metaphysical force in the water exists and diverts the harmful effects of the substance while maximizing its healing capabilities ?
That would probably be the only way his pet theory could work , after all .
The development of homeopathy has taken place outside science ; therefore its claims still lack justification or scientific evidence despite homeopathy being around for more than 200 years .
Some modern homeopaths even go so far as to claim that similar principals form the basis of conventional allergy treatment , where the allergic substance is given in a small dose and in vaccines where an impotent form of the virus is given to bolster the immune system against that particular virus .
Again , this is merely a faulty analogy and an overdose of wishful thinking .
The dilution process involved in homeopathy causes no active ingredient to be left in the medication itself , making it indistinguishable from plain water or alcohol .
You might as well be taking an empty pill instead of a homeopathic tablet .
This immediately renders their above claim as false .
Firstly , there is no active ingredient entered into the body , or rephrased : NOTHING at all enters the body that triggers an immune response .
Secondly , as opposed to the case of immunization , homeopathic medications do not stimulate the body to produce substances that may protect the body from a certain disease .
Immunology is a tested , proven , verified branch of medicine , whereas the evidence for homeopathy is still non-existent .
Now , we move on to the second principle of homeopathy , the ‘ minimal dose ’ .
According to the calculations done by Dr. Simon Singh ( a UK - based science journalist ) , for a homeopathic dilution to have even one molecule remaining of the active ingredient , the pill has to be the size of the planet Earth .
Alas , these ever - so - wise homeopaths rush to proclaim that one of the many undiscovered , unproven magical properties is that it has the ability to retain a ‘ memory ’ of the active ingredient .
Their claims are increasingly going off the deep end over the past few years .
Jacques Benveniste even claims that a homeopathic solution 's biological activity can be digitally recorded , stored on a hard drive , sent over the Internet , and transferred to water at the receiving end .
Clearly , this is preposterous .
Where is the evidence for all these shocking , outrageous claims ?
Some homeopaths also claim that homeopathic remedies have powers to ‘ magically ’ alter the molecular structure of water .
( These were the same homeopaths that claim that homeopathic remedies are merely derived from natural elements around us , right ? ) .
Worse , there is n’t any evidence for the very basis of the ‘ minimal dose ’ theory , where it is claimed that one could minimize the negative effect of a ‘ cure ’ by significantly reducing the size of the dose
Well , the least they could do is to prove that their fantastic ideas work , and be in the running for a Nobel Prize in Medicine .
The third and perhaps the most outrageous claim is the ludicrous ‘ single remedy ’ principle .
It is a widely known fact that a disease is usually associated with a variety of symptoms .
These symptoms help doctors identify the disease and subsequently prescribe a cure .
The opposite seems to be the case for homeopathy .
One cure is prescribed ( diluted into oblivion first , that is ) that supposedly cures one of the symptoms of the disease , thus curing all the other symptoms at the same time .
In the homeopaths ’ on words : homeopathy is system of medicine that targets the symptoms of a disease ( as opposed to conventional medicine where the disease itself is targeted . )
Now let ’s look at a little gem of contradiction here ( from a homeopathy website ) :
Homeopathy is holistic .
It treats all the symptoms as one , which in practical terms means that it addresses the cause , not the symptoms .
This often means that symptoms tackled with Homeopathy do not recur .
Huh ?
Treating all the symptoms with a ‘ cure ’ directed at merely one of the symptoms addresses the cause of the illness ?
They contradict themselves in the last line by admitting that they merely target the symptoms , not the disease .
Yet this is the exact opposite of what they said in the previous line ‘ addresses the cause . ’
Are you willing to place your health in the hands of a bunch of people who ca n’t get their symptoms and causes straight ?
If homeopathic remedies seem to work , it is not because of the metaphysical properties of the ‘ miracle water ’ , but the body 's own natural curative mechanisms or the placebo effect .
Although most homeopathic remedies are safe and merely ineffective , the danger is when a patient chooses not to seek proper treatment by a conventional medical doctor in cases where the patient could be helped by such treatment .
If you enjoyed this post Subscribe to our feed
You have completed the study .
Your Result Your data suggest little to no automatic identification with Alive compared to Dead .
Your results , summarized above , are an implicit indicator of whether you are alive or dead .
Implicit measures are superior to self - report because the latter is notoriously unreliable .
People may report being alive because social pressures suggest that it is more desirable to be alive .
Also , people may not have introspective access to their animate - status , making such self - report untrustworthy .
In a prior study , we found that self - report was particularly unreliable for people who were dead suggesting that implicit measures will be especially useful for this population .
Importantly , your results may be influenced by cultural norms rather than your personal animate status .
Cultural norms are strongly biased toward " alive " so if you show a stronger identity with alive over dead , you should be suspicious that the result may be due to this extrapersonal influence .
Also , these associations are inherently " relative " meaning that we cannot estimate your alive associations separately from your dead associations .
So , if you are both or neither , we cannot tell the difference .
Finally , if you hang out with a lot of dead people , then your effects might be due to strong associations of others with dead rather than yourself with alive .
Cautions aside , this implicit measure of dead identity shall become the new standard assessment .
For too long , the low - reliability finger - finding - pulse method has errantly allowed dead people to continue ' living ' among us .
This must stop .
A Professor Dr. Arina Bones Ph.D. production .
If you are otherwise confused or uncertain about your results , you may wish to evaluate whether you are Human or Alien .
Aochan , the snake ' seems to enjoy ' being with Gohan , the hamster
A rodent - eating snake and a hamster have developed an unusual bond at a zoo in the Japanese capital , Tokyo .
Their relationship began in October last year , when zookeepers presented the hamster to the snake as a meal .
The rat snake , however , refused to eat the rodent .
The two now share a cage , and the hamster sometimes falls asleep sitting on top of his natural foe .
" I have never seen anything like it , " a zookeeper at the Mutsugoro Okoku zoo told the Associated Press News agency .
The hamster was initially offered to Aochan , the two - year - old rat snake , because it was refusing to eat frozen mice .
As a joke , the zookeeper said they named the hamster Gohan - the Japanese word for meal .
" I do n't think there 's any danger .
Aochan seems to enjoy Gohan 's company very much , " said zookeeper Kazuya Yamamoto .
The apparent friendship between the snake and hamster is one of many reported bonds spanning the divide between predator and prey .
It ’s not The Week That Was ( the title of an old TV political show ) .
This is the week that is for Dennis Kucinich .
Monday – Texas appeals court , to overturn Texas Democratic Party decision to keep Kucinich off the Texas primary ballot because he refused to sign a never - enforced , in fact unenforceable , open - to - interpretation loyalty oath .
Tuesday – Primary day in Michigan , and contrary to what you may have heard , Hillary Clinton is not the only candidate on the ballot .
There are in fact three active candidates– Kucinich , Hillary Clinton , and Mike Gravel .
And to all you Michigan Democrats – your vote WILL count .
( More below )
Tuesday night – the Las Vegas Democratic Presidential debate , to which Kucinich was invited , and then uninvited less than two days later , by NBC .
Wednesday – the recount Kucinich requested of last Tuesday ’s Democratic primary vote in New Hampshire is set to begin .
Let ’s take them one at a time .
On Monday ( today ) his lawyer is in the Texas appeals court , trying once again to get Kucinich on the Texas Democratic primary ballot without Kucinich having to sign a loyalty oath that the Texas Democratic Party admits is open to interpretation by the candidates , has no force in law , and that is in fact unenforceable .
Kucinich is a man who takes oaths very seriously , so he has refused to sign the oath unless it is amended to indicate that he will support the party ’s eventual nominee “ if that person disavows war as an instrument of foreign policy . ”
Since none of the other candidates in the race are anywhere near ready to do that , Kucinich knows he cannot conscientiously support any of them .
So he has refused to swear that he will support the eventual nominee unless he is allowed to add that caveat .
The party rejected his ballot application with the loyalty oath crossed out .
But although there are no repercussions , legal or otherwise , for a candidate to sign the oath and then violate it , the opposite is not true .
Kucinich ’s refusal to sign an oath to support the eventual Democratic Party presidential nominee without qualifications keeps this otherwise stellar candidate off the Democratic Party primary ballot in Texas .
( Kucinich ’s lawyer is appealing a Superior Court judge ’s refusal last Friday to intervene in the state ’s Democratic Party business . )
Tuesday ( tomorrow ) is primary day in Michigan , and , through a strange string of events , Kucinich , Hillary Clinton , and Mike Gravel are the only active candidates on the ballot .
( Chris Dodd ’s name is also there , but he ’s already withdrawn . )
That puts anti-NAFTA , anti-war Kucinich in a head - to - head with war - hawk Clinton , in a state that has been devastated by Bill Clinton ’s NAFTA .
It could get very interesting .
The Michigan situation is ridiculous on its face .
The Democratic National Committee thought slapping the hands of the Michigan ( and Florida ) Democratic Party officials for jumping the established primary schedule and re-scheduling their votes for January would be enough to send those state groups cowering back to their place in line .
The DNC threatened those state party organizations with refusing to seat their delegates to the August National Convention .
Michigan Democratic
Party officials said they were going to do what they needed to do , the DNC be damned .
So the DNC told all the presidential candidates that they had to remove their names from the Michigan ballot , or they too would be subject to delegate limbo .
Obama , Edwards , Joe Biden and Bill Richardson obediently complied , and filed papers to have the Michigan Secretary of State remove their names from the ballot .
The Kucinich campaign tried to do likewise , but one signature was not notarized , and by the time the campaign was notified , it was too late to submit a new document .
Clinton , oddly enough , never made an attempt to remove her name .
Neither did Mike Gravel or Chris Dodd .
So tomorrow ’s Michigan Democratic primary will have the names of three active candidates , plus a line for “ uncommitted . ”
No write - ins will be recognized .
When Michigan refused to comply with its demands , Howard Dean and the DNC were stuck .
They could n't just say " never mind , " at least publicly .
But they 've basically admitted they are in a " never mind " position in actuality .
The problem is that the DNC has no right , and actually no authority , to disenfranchise an entire state .
They knew that .
And the Michigan Democratic Party officials knew that .
Party rules state that the convention delegates , not the DNC , decide which delegations to seat .
The “ understanding ” is that the presumptive nominee at that point ( late August ) will indicate to the convention whether or not he / she wants the Michigan delegation seated .
But it is the already - credentialed delegates who will be the ones making the decision , not any presidential candidate .
Next Page 1 | 2 | 3
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
Last week Natasha Randall , 17 , was found hanged at her home near Bridgend and a girl who is believed to know her self - harmed a day later .
South Wales Police are investigating if they had made contact on the internet , by e-mail or on a networking site .
Bridgend MP Madeleine Moon will raise internet use issues with police .
She will air her concerns at a meeting of a focus group , which includes the police and members of the local health trust , schools and council .
Somehow we 're not reaching out to some of our very vulnerable young people and explaining to them that life offers lots of opportunities
Madeleine Moon , Bridgend MP speaking after the death of Natasha Randall , pictured
Mrs Moon said she was growing increasingly worried by the appearance of so - called " memory walls " on networking sites like Bebo , where members leave messages to mark the death of a friend .
" The worrying part about internet sites is it is a virtual world - it is n't a real world , " she said .
" The things that happen there do n't necessarily demonstrate the consequences .
" I 'm particularly concerned about this false romanticism of the memory wall that seems to have set up on Bebo giving some sort of romantic idea of suicide and not conveying the huge tragedy and wasted lives that we are looking at here , " she told BBC Radio Wales .
Police investigating the latest incidents are trying to discover whether the girls had made contact on the internet , whether by e-mail or on a networking site .
YOUNG DEATHS Dale Crole , 18 , from Porthcawl , went missing Sept 2006 , body found Jan 2007 David Dilling , 19 , Pyle , found hanging near home , Feb 2007 Thomas Davies , 20 , North Cornelly , found hanged , Feb 2007 , friends with Dale and David Zachary Barnes , 17 , Bridgend , found hanged Liam Clarke , 20 , Bridgend , found hanged in park , friend of Dale Gareth Morgan , 27 , Bridgend , found hanged at home , knew Liam Natasha Randall , 17 , Blaengarw , found hanged at home , friend of Liam
But Supt Tim Jones , divisional commander of Bridgend Police , said while some of the seven young people knew each other , there was nothing to link them all .
He stressed that no evidence of a suicide pact or bond between them had been found .
Last summer , Bridgend and valleys coroner Philip Walters said he was " desperately concerned " about the number of suicides among young men in the area .
Mr Walters has now that confirmed the number of suicides among people under 26 across the whole of Bridgend county in the past year was 13 .
But he said he did not believe there was such a phenomenon as a " cluster " of suicides , and that it was a problem across the country .
Anne Parry , from the suicide prevention charity Papyrus , said she shared concerns about the influence of internet chatrooms and networking site .
" We 've been running a campaign for the last three years to try to draw attention to the dangers of the internet , " said Mrs Parry .
" Social network sites can be particularly dangerous .
Of course they can give a lot of support to young people but they can also do quite the opposite and feed into suicidal feelings . "
' Desperately concerned '
Although some newspapers have likened the series of suicides in Bridgend to a " cult , " Mrs Parry said : " I think it is dangerous to use words like this " .
However , she said the perils of networking sites should be recognised .
" It can certainly influence people and perhaps in the wrong way , in an adverse way - there 's no doubt about that . "
They really need to speak to somebody , even if it's over the phone
Melanie Davies , mother of Thomas , pictured
Mother 's torment
One of those was 20 - year - old Thomas Davies from North Cornelly , who hanged himself in February 2007 .
He had been friends with David Dilling , 19 , and Dale Crole , 18 , who had been found dead weeks earlier .
Thomas 's mother , Melanie Davies , said she had talked to her son about the deaths of his friends : " He was quite upset about Dai because he went to school with him .
" I said to him : ' You would never do that to me , would you ? '.
" He said ' I 'd never do that to you - I would n't hurt you mam ' .
I think it was a couple of days later that he did it . "
Mrs Davies has urged young people to seek help - rather than take often tragic actions .
" For the kids , I think they should talk to somebody , even if it 's a stranger .
They really need to speak to somebody , even if it's over the phone . "
A Bebo spokesperson said : " The loss of any young life is always distressing .
" We will work closely with the authorities to provide any assistance which will help them with their investigations .
" We have close relationships with our member community , law enforcement agencies , and public safety partners - including Samaritans - to provide support and advice for our users .
We are committed to providing our members with the safest possible environment online . "
Bag of Cape Cod Potato Chips and contents : whole potato & soggy , unsalted chips , purchased 4/11/07 .
From Design Observer :
Dear Cape Cod Chip Company :
I am attaching a picture of the bag of your usually enjoyable “ Cape Cod Potato Chips ” that I bought today .
The objects sitting beside the bag were its full contents .
You will notice that these include a few soggy chips and a full , shriveled potato .
What you cannot see is that the potato has a strange , vaguely - chemical smell , and the few chips , in addition to being soggy , are not even salted .
Ultimately , the whole package was ( rather ) inedible .
Earth 's climate can be sensitive , changing after a variety of events .
A volcanic eruption or meteorite impact , for instance , can send enough particles into the air to block the sun and cool the climate .
A thickening blanket of greenhouse gases can trap heat .
And , more commonly , according to some scientists , slight changes in Earth 's orientation toward the sun can cause it to cool or warm in so - called Milankovitch cycles ( named after the Serbian engineer who first described them ) .
Now , new evidence from a marine sediment core from the deep Pacific points to warmer ocean waters around Antarctica ( in sync with the Milankovitch cycle ) — not greenhouse gases — as the culprit behind the thawing of the last ice age .
Ice cores drawn from Antarctica and Greenland have shown that carbon dioxide ( CO 2 ) levels in the atmosphere began to rise at roughly the same time as the vast ice sheets began to melt .
But it remained unclear exactly which came first : melting ice and warming seas released more CO 2 or more CO 2 led to melting ice and warming seas .
By studying sediment cores from the deep Pacific near the Philippines , paleoclimatologist Lowell Stott of the University of Southern California in Los Angeles and his colleagues revealed that the temperatures of the deepest seas rose by around 2 degrees Celsius ( 3.6 degrees Fahrenheit ) at least 1,000 years before sea-surface temperatures .
" Even accounting for the uncertainties of the age of CO 2 , the deep sea warmed substantially before the CO 2 began to rise , " Stott says .
" The deep Pacific is such an enormously large volume of water that [ this warming ] reflects the input of a tremendous amount of energy into the global system . "
Stott and his colleagues used the isotopes of oxygen contained within the remnants of microscopic surface and deep - sea creatures to establish temperatures ; they then used a radioactive isotope of carbon to date their age .
Combining the two techniques showed that deep - sea creatures dealt with a warmer climate long before their surface brethren did , they report in the online edition of Science .
Because such deep seawater circulates from the coast of Antarctica , this deep - water warming implies that the Southern Ocean drove the last major climate change .
Stott notes that the periodic wobble in the Earth 's rotational axis described by the Milankovitch cycles led to more sunshine falling on the Antarctic at the same time — a likely cause of the warming waters .
" The amount of solar energy increased at the same time as this deep - sea warming , " he says .
" Sea ice around the Southern Ocean was withdrawing . "
According to the marine core sample , a full millennium passed — enough time for both the deep and surface waters to entirely switch places — before sea-surface temperatures and global atmospheric levels of CO 2 began to rise .
The greenhouse gas then further warmed the changing climate , Stott says .
This year , the sea ice around Antarctica grew to its largest extent since satellite observation began in 1979 — whereas the Arctic arrived at record minimum — meaning present climate change is a far different scenario .
In fact , the Milankovitch cycles would predict gradual global cooling .
Man -made greenhouse gases , primarily CO 2 , are unequivocally driving present - day warming , according to the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change .
" This kind of study discusses the natural cycle and could help define the likely positive feedbacks we can expect in the long - term future , [ for example ] as temperatures warm , the ocean will want to give up more CO 2 , or rather absorb less , " says climatologist Gavin Schmidt of NASA 's Goddard Institute of Space Studies .
" But it has no direct impact on attribution of 20th century warming . " *
But this research does argue for a different path to global warming in the past , which means that estimates of the planet 's sensitivity to various levels of CO 2 based on measurements from the Ice Age may be flawed , Stott argues .
" We are a long way from refining the climate sensitivity to a doubling of CO 2 [ that ] is going to take place in the next 100 years , " he notes .
Stott plans to investigate how ocean warming led to a CO 2 rise in the past , research that could also have implications for present climate change .
But one impact of the new finding is already clear , Stott says : " a regional change in climate can propagate into a global response . "
With Arctic ice retreating more and more as local summers heat up , exposing ever more cold northern waters to warming sunshine — along with a host of other regional changes — it remains to be seen exactly how sensitive global climate really is .
" We just do n't know very well , " Stott acknowledges , " how the climate itself , which is much more than temperature , is going to behave . "
* Article updated on 9/28/07 .
Senate Democrats are now busy giving away the store to Bush -- again .
For what appears to be the one billionth time in a row .
They are set to give President Bush yet another victory on the latest FISA bill .
They will allow telecommunication companies who broke the law to get away with their crimes ( and that is literally what it is -- a crime ) .
Plus , the public will be denied the opportunity to hear how the Bush administration broke the law because the lawsuits against the telecom companies will not be allowed to go forward in open court .
As usual , there is the speculation on why the Democrats would want to help the Republicans so much .
Republicans , for their part , were merciless when there was a Democratic president .
So , why are the Democrats such sad , feckless incompetents when it is their turn ?
There are two schools of thought on this .
The first is that they make money from the same lobbyists , so they do n't want to upset their paymasters .
They do n't want to rock the boat because they are collaborators in the same corrupt system .
In other words , they are paid to be the Washington Generals to the Republican Globetrotters .
That is such a miserably sad scenario , that I will give them the benefit of the doubt , and say we should consider the second option instead .
The second possibility is that they are the only people left in the country who still think that anyone gives a shit what George Bush has to say .
Bush says that national security will be endangered if we do n't allow AT&T and Verizon to break the law .
That is a ridiculous claim that no one outside of Washington takes seriously .
First of all , the guy is lucky if he makes it in to the low 30s in approval ratings .
Whatever he says , the country wants to do the opposite .
Second of all , his claims on the FISA bills have been proven false over and over .
The intelligence community claims there is a loophole in the current FISA law that forbids foreign to foreign calls from being spied upon because they are routed through the US .
Great , fix that provision and move on .
No one objects to that .
Gratuitously granting immunity for wanton law - breaking on anything else is insane .
And to do it because Bush talked tough on national security is even more insane .
Note to Senate Democrats -- no one believes George Bush .
I guess , except you .
You 're the only people left in the country who think Bush has any credibility left .
How could you possibly believe Bush when he says you will look weak on national security ?
Do n't you get it - you look weak only when you cave in to Bush , not when you oppose him .
If we are to be kind and assume that the Democratic leadership is not deceitful and complicit , then we are left with the unfortunate alternative that they are hopelessly dense .
How low does Bush 's approval rating have to be before you realize it is to your political advantage to oppose him rather than to bend to his will ?
How blind do you have to be to not see that helping Bush makes you look pathetically weak ?
I do n't feel good speaking to our elected leaders this way .
I would like to have some respect for these positions .
But they make it impossible to respect them .
What 's really sad is that they have no idea how much people would love them if they just fought back a little bit .
They 're too busy trying to get the Republicans , Fox News Channel and the Washington elite to love them .
Turn around , your electorate is dying to support you .
Give them a chance and they would back you a 100 % .
But you make that impossible when you keep supporting the one man everyone else realizes is the least trustworthy person in the country -- George W. Bush .
Watch TYT Here
_______
[ FoRK ] Re : Arc 's out , Nu vs. newLISP , and a retort to Paul Graham 's elitism
On Jan 30 , 2008 , at 8:23 AM , Justin Mason wrote : > > Jeff Bone writes : >>
Some of the design >> choices he 's made are just bad , too .
> >
As Artistotle Pagaltzis notes at http://plasmasturm.org/log/491/ , > that includes not bothering with any Unicode support . (!)
Right , though that was n't even what I was thinking of .
This thing is ALL about making almost completely superficial tweaks to the regular Lisp lexicon of terms and forms .
There 's no substance here .
Continuations and call / cc ?
Who knows , maybe .
Objects ?
Eh , kind of , but we 're not really taking a stand .
Standard library ?
Fuggedaboutit .
Support for new stuff like lots of new literal syntax for useful datatypes ( time / date , URI , pathnames , etc. ) ?
Unification of docs , objects , and tables ala C - Omega / LINQ ?
Embedding of markup as first - class literal syntax ?
New concurrency prims ?
Exposed internals / reflective stack ?
Compilation ?
FFI ?
Baked - in serialization of all types , including closures and continuations ?
Join calculus ?
Selective lazy evaluation ?
Progressive typing ?
Tail call optimization required ?
Bueller ?
Bueller ?
Smoke another one .
There 's NOTHING NEW HERE .
Just a bunch of trivial abbreviations and minor syntactic sugar .
There 's NO innovation !
FWIW , Rebol circa 8 years ago was a far more impressive " new Lisp " than Arc !
If you 're looking for new ideas in programming languages that are going to allow you to solve lots of problems a lot more easily , do n't bother looking here .
OTOH , if you 're a die - hard Lisper who just loves to learn trivial new dialects of Lisp for fun , this is your ticket to ride .
Forget innovation , Arc 's not even an acceptable modern Lisp !
Hello , MODULE SYSTEM ?!?!
You 're telling me there 's NO MODULE SYSTEM ?!?!
AGAIN ?!?!
Did we learn nothing at all through 6 rounds of RxRS over ~ 20 - odd years with Scheme ?
Grrr .... Perhaps
I 'm being too harsh , but when you blast the world for years with manifestos about how inadequate all programming languages are besides Lisp , and yet how Lisp is n't even really suitable yet , but wait --- you 're going to save the day , everybody just hold your breath until your shiny new version comes and solves all the world 's programming problems ... when you do that , then you deliver this , you deserve whatever abuse anybody wants to send your way .
jb
Canadians ( and even their neighbors to the south ) can breathe a sigh of relief as the Canadian Federal Court of Appeal quashed a proposed levy on digital music players late last week .
The proposed levies were n't cheap : CAN$ 5 on each Memory Stick or SD card between 1GB and 4GB of memory , and " digital audio recorder " levies which top out at CAN $ 75 for players with 30 GB + of space .
As we reported last summer , the Copyright Board of Canada argues that Canadians who purchase digital music players and removable memory cards should pay an extra tax in order to compensate artists .
This so - called " iPod Tax " would come in addition to existing levies on recordable media enforced in Canada , which are also meant to help compensate artists .
In its ruling , the Federal Court of Appeal found that " the Copyright Board erred in law when it concluded that it has the legal authority to certify the tariff that the Canadian Private Copyright Collective has proposed for 2008 and 2009 on digital audio recorders . "
The ruling echoes a similar finding in 2004 , which also quashed an attempt to put levies on " digital audio recorders . "
Technology companies largely stand opposed to such levies , as they are seen as driving prices up and hurting competition , while giving markets in places without levies ( like the US ) an unfair advantage .
Meanwhile , consumers wonder why they need to pay a $ 75 tax on a 30 GB + music player if they 've done nothing wrong .
Ruling still leaves much unanswered
While a victory for those that oppose such levies , the decision is disappointing on at least one level .
As we reported in September , the Canadian Recording Industry Association ( CRIA ) withdrew its support for the iPod Tax once it realized that a legal argument could be made that such levies would give Canadians broad non-commercial rights to copyrighted materials .
In short , some believed that the levy would essentially legalize P2P , and the CRIA did n't like the chances of that becoming common opinion .
That question wo n't be answered now , leaving the legality of ripping music to digital music players unclear in Canada , as Michael Geist notes .
The matter is n't clear in the United States either , and if you press the music industry for an answer , you wo n't get one .
The Canadian government may follow the UK's lead in explicitly describing the rights consumers have over the audio CDs they purchase .
( In the UK , it was technically illegal to rip CDs before , while it has been a " gray area " question in the US and Canada according to most experts ) .
The Canadian Private Copyright Collective can appeal the decision , but it has not signaled its intent to do so .
Given that the court acted swiftly and with little debate , we 'll be surprised if they do appeal .
In the US , levies have yet to pick up steam as a potential solution to the music industry 's woes , although players like Universal have been vocal at times about wanting a slice of the iPod revenue pie .
Microsoft went ahead and inked a deal for its
Zune player , but it 's unclear what that move really did for Microsoft .
It certainly did n't result in its customers having clarified fair use rights .
Members of the Zombie Army dance to Michael Jackson 's " Thriller " at the 32nd Annual Village Halloween Parade in New York October 31 , 2005 .
Passengers on a German train mistook a Halloween reveler dressed up as a gore - covered zombie for a murder victim and called the police .
REUTERS / Seth Wenig
BERLIN ( Reuters ) - Passengers on a German train mistook a Halloween reveler dressed up as a gore - covered zombie for a murder victim and called the police .
The 24 - year - old man fell into a drunken slumber on his way home from a Halloween party in Hamburg , police in the northern town of Bad Segeberg said Monday .
Believing his hands and face were smeared with blood , passengers alerted police after getting no response from him .
A first aid team called to the scene soon cleared up the confusion .
Police told the man to remove his make - up after which he was allowed to continue his journey .
“ Bad Segeberg is in a rural area and Halloween is n’t very well known there , ” police spokeswoman Silke Tobies said .
“ So people were n’t expecting anyone to be dressed up in the train . ”
Via Common Dreams :
Students at Cocoa Beach Jr./Sr. High School are waging a war on peace .
Recently , sophomore Skylar Stains decided to hold Peace Shirt Thursdays at the school .
Skylar and her friend , Lauren Lorraine , started wearing peace shirts and soon recruited more friends to wear them .
Now , the “ Peace Shirt Coalition ” as they call themselves , has close to 30 students from all grades .
Students started approaching the group members , yelling obscene things at them , said Lauren .
Lori Masterson , assistant principal at Cocoa Beach Jr./ Sr.
High , said by law , the administration cannot discuss specific discipline dispositions for students but that the school works with teachers and coaches to make sure all students on campus are safe and treated fairly .
“ As of this writing , to my knowledge , no one has submitted a written proposal with an identified sponsor for a peace club , ” Masterson said in an e-mailed statement .
But peace group members said they have submitted a written proposal and had a written sponsor , but they were recently turned down .
Read on ...
Gen Hayden : Documents give a glimpse of a very different time
The papers , to be released next week , will detail assassination plots , domestic spying and wiretapping , kidnapping and human experiments .
Many of the incidents are already known , but the documents are expected to give more comprehensive accounts .
It is " unflattering " but part of agency history , CIA chief Michael Hayden said .
" This is about telling the American people what we have done in their name , " Gen Hayden told a conference of foreign policy historians .
The documents , dubbed the " Family Jewels " , offer a " glimpse of a very different time and a very different agency " .
The full 693 - page file detailing CIA illegal activities was compiled on the orders of the then CIA director James Schlesinger in 1973 .
He had been alarmed by accounts of CIA involvement in the Watergate scandal under his predecessor and asked CIA officials to inform him of all activities that fell outside the agency 's legal charter .
' Skeletons '
Ahead of the documents ' release by the CIA , the National Security Archive , an independent research body , on Thursday published related papers it had obtained .
These detail government discussions in 1975 of the CIA abuses and briefings by Mr Schlesinger 's successor at the CIA , William Colby , who said the CIA had " done some things it should n't have " .
Among the incidents that were said to " present legal questions " were :
the confinement of a Soviet defector in the mid-1960s
assassination plots of foreign leaders , including Cuba's Fidel Castro
wiretapping and surveillance of journalists
behaviour modification experiments on " unwitting " US citizens
surveillance of dissident groups between 1967 and 1971
opening from 1953 to 1973 of letters to and from the Soviet Union ; from 1969 to 1972 of mail to and from China
The papers also convey mounting concern in President Gerald Ford 's administration that what were dubbed the CIA 's " skeletons " were surfacing in the media .
Henry Kissinger , then both secretary of state and national security adviser , was against Mr Colby 's moves to investigate the CIA 's past abuses and the fact that agency secrets were being divulged .
Accusations appearing in the media about the CIA were " worse than in the days of McCarthy " , Mr Kissinger said .
By
Phil Barker
Originally published in Sept. 2003 , Current Implications added by Heidi Burgess in August , 2017
Current Implications
This essay talks about seemingly opposite things : how cognitive dissonance perpetuates conflict , and how it can be used to de-escalate or even resolve conflict .
Its importance has been particularly evident in the United States during the last Presidential election cycle , and now that Donald Trump has become president of the United States .
More ...
What Is Cognitive Dissonance ?
In 1957 , Leon Festinger published a theory of cognitive dissonance , which has changed the way psychologists look at decision - making and behavior .
[ 1 ]
At its heart , cognitive dissonance theory is rather simple .
It begins with the idea of cognitions .
Cognitions are simply bits of knowledge .
They can pertain to any variety of thoughts , values , facts , or emotions .
For instance , the fact that I like ice cream is a cognition .
So is the fact that I am a man .
People have countless cognitions in their heads .
Most cognitions have nothing to do with each other .
For instance , the two cognitions mentioned before ( that I am a man and that I like ice cream ) are unrelated .
Some cognitions , however , are related .
For instance , perhaps I have a sweet tooth and I like ice cream .
These cognitions are " consonant , " meaning that they are related and that one follows from the other .
They go together , so to speak .
However , sometimes we have cognitions that are related , but do not follow from one another .
In fact , they may be opposites .
For instance , perhaps I like ice cream , but I am also trying to lose weight .
These two thoughts are problematic -- if I eat ice cream , then I may gain weight , and if I really want to lose weight then I can not eat ice cream .
These types of cognitions are referred to as " dissonant . "
The basic idea behind cognitive dissonance theory is that people do not like to have dissonant cognitions .
In fact , many people argue that the desire to have consonant cognitions is as strong as our basic desires for food and shelter .
As a result , when someone does experience two or more dissonant cognitions ( or conflicting thoughts ) , they will attempt to do away with the dissonance .
Eliminating Cognitive Dissonance
There are several key ways in which people attempt to overcome , or do away with , cognitive dissonance .
One is by ignoring or eliminating the dissonant cognitions .
By pretending that ice cream is not bad for me , I can have my cake and eat it too , so to speak .
Ignoring the dissonant cognition allows us to do things we might otherwise view as wrong or inappropriate .
Another way to overcome cognitive dissonance is to alter the importance ( or lack thereof ) of certain cognitions .
By either deciding that ice cream is extremely good ( I can't do without it ) or that losing weight is n't that important ( I look good anyway ) , the problem of dissonance can be lessened .
If one of the dissonant cognitions outweighs the other in importance , the mind has less difficulty dealing with the dissonance -- and the result means that I can eat my ice cream and not feel bad about it .
Yet another way that people react to cognitive dissonance is by adding or creating new cognitions .
By creating or emphasizing new cognitions , I can overwhelm the fact that I know ice cream is bad for my weight loss .
For instance , I can emphasize new cognitions such as " I exercise three times a week " or " I need calcium and dairy products " or " I had a small dinner , " etc .
These new cognitions allow for the lessening of dissonance , as I now have multiple cognitions that say ice cream is okay , and only one , which says I should n't eat it .
Finally , perhaps the most important way people deal with cognitive dissonance is to prevent it in the first place .
If someone is presented with information that is dissonant from what they already know , the easiest way to deal with this new information is to ignore it , refuse to accept it , or simply avoid that type of information in general .
Thus , a new study that says ice cream is more fattening than originally thought would be easily dealt with by ignoring it .
Further , future problems can be prevented by simply avoiding that type of information -- simply refusing to read studies on ice cream , health magazines , etc .
Dennis Sandole explains that transitions between paradigms is very difficult and is often fraught with an upsurge in violence .
Applying Cognitive Dissonance to Conflict
The Role of Cognitive Dissonance in Perpetuating Conflict
Cognitive dissonance can play a tremendous role in conflict -- both in its perpetuation and in its elimination .
Both large - scale and small - scale conflicts can be aggravated and / or lessened because of cognitive dissonance .
An example from ethnic conflict may help to demonstrate .
A large - scale conflict , particularly one based on identity such as an ethnic conflict , can be perpetuated by cognitive dissonance .
In Northern Ireland , for instance , the image of Protestants or Catholics as inhuman allows for actions that otherwise might not be perpetuated .
It can also lead people involved in the conflict to ignore information that might contradict these viewpoints .
For instance , a Catholic may intentionally avoid or simply be unreceptive to ideas that paint Protestants in a positive light , or vice versa .
Once negative cognitions are in place , they are often reinforced by other similar cognitions while contradictory thoughts ( which would shed light on a situation ) are ignored or avoided .
This all means that a Protestant or Catholic who otherwise may strongly believe in the notion that " Thou shall not murder " may participate in terrorist activities .
Although these two cognitions are dissonant , this dissonance can be overcome by creating new cognitions ( " they are n't human " or " they 're barbarians , " etc. ) or by emphasizing one cognition at the expense of the other .
Perhaps more importantly , the conflict can be perpetuated by the fact that these people are n't open to new information that might dispel these false ideas about the other side .
Thus an Israeli may not be willing to hear about the thoughts , feelings and family of a Palestinian , because these contradict the Israeli 's view of Palestinians as inhuman .
Similar examples can be found on all levels of conflict .
Individuals on both sides of the abortion debate can be unwilling to look at new information about the other side 's stance in an attempt to avoid cognitive dissonance .
This concept helps explain why people are so opposed to counterarguments , especially when it regards a value or belief that is very important to them .
Cognitive dissonance is so unpleasant that individuals would often rather be close - minded than be informed and deal with the repercussions of cognitive dissonance .
Dennis Sandole talks about the importance of understanding the paradigms of the people involved in the conflict .
The Role of Cognitive Dissonance in Reducing Conflict
In spite of people 's desire to avoid it , the proper use of cognitive dissonance can be a useful tool in overcoming conflict .
Cognitive dissonance is a basic tool for education in general .
Creating dissonance can induce behavior or attitude change .
By creating cognitive dissonance , you force people to react .
In other words , a child can be encouraged to learn by creating dissonance between what they think they know and what they actually do -- drawing attention to the fact that they know stealing is wrong even though they took a cookie , etc .
The same idea can be used in adults .
By introducing cognitive dissonance ( pointing out the conflict between what people know and do ) , we can encourage a change in thought or action .
Turning again to the conflict in Northern Ireland , by pointing out the contradiction between religious beliefs and terrorism , people can be forced to rethink their actions .
A Protestant or Catholic terrorist can participate in violent activities because they have dehumanized the other side in their mind .
This eliminates any dissonance between their actions and their beliefs against murder or violence .
By introducing new information -- perhaps emphasizing the humanity of the other side ( their families , their lives , letting the two sides meet in a casual environment , etc. ) -- a new dissonance is created between what they are doing and what they now know to be true .
This forces a reaction .
The individual must now either change their actions or readjust their thoughts to account for this new information .
Similarly , in the abortion debate , the introduction of new information to both sides can lead to reconciliation through understanding and changes in both action and thought .
Although individuals may never agree on the politics and policy of abortion , the conflict -- particularly violent conflict -- can be reduced and eliminated .
How to Produce Cognitive Dissonance
Dialogue is one method to produce cognitive dissonance and thus attitude change that has been used in both these and many other cases .
The Public Conversations Project , in Cambridge , Massachusetts , ( U.S. ) for instance , has been running dialogues between pro-life and pro-choice abortion activists for many years .
While people do not leave these dialogues having changed sides , they do come out of them with a new respect for people " on the other side " and an understanding that logical , rational , " good " people can feel the opposite way they do about this issue .
This tends to tone down their approach to advocacy , generally making it more constructive than it might otherwise have been . [ 2 ]
Disarming behaviors are another way to create cognitive dissonance .
This is done by simply learning what the other side thinks of or expects of you , and then doing something very different .
For example , if you are considered by the other side to be uncaring and cruel , make a small gesture that demonstrates that you care about the other sides ' feelings or situation .
This causes cognitive dissonance .
As is discussed in the essay on disarming behaviors , just doing this once may not be enough to change anyone 's attitudes or behavior , as they are likely to ignore the dissonant information .
If it is done several times , however , or if the behavior is visible enough that it cannot be ignored , the results are sometimes striking .
Two of the best examples of this process were Egyptian President Anwar Sadat 's unexpected trip to Israel in 1977 and Soviet Premier Gorbachev 's trip to the United States in 1990 .
Both of these leaders had never visited the " enemy " country before , and when they did , they were so personable that it changed the minds of the Israelis and the Americans about the " goodness " and intents of " the enemy . "
( More information about these trips can be found in the essay about disarming behaviors . )
Any way to increase interpersonal communication and contact is another way to produce dissonance , break down stereotypes , and start building trust where none existed before .
Joint projects , problem solving workshops , prejudice reduction workshops , and tolerance education all are ways to create cognitive dissonance and change hostile attitudes between disputants into attitudes that are likely to be more conciliatory and amenable to conflict transformation .
Current Implications
This essay talks about seemingly opposite things : how cognitive dissonance perpetuates conflict , and how it can be used to de-escalate or even resolve conflict .
Its importance has been particularly evident in the United States during the last Presidential election cycle , and now that Donald Trump has become president of the United States .
One of the biggest factors in Trump 's rise was social media , which Trump backers used extensively to paint a very negative image of Hillary Clinton , her behaviors , and her policies , while painting a strongly positive image of Donald Trump .
Whenever news was publicized that contradicted those images , it was branded " fake news " and Trump dubbed the media as " the enemy of the American people . "
So the way Trump and his followers dealt with the many negative stories arising about Trump - - for instance about his misogyny , about his racism , or about his inexperience -- which contradicted their image of Trump as a strong , effective leader , was to deny the truth of those stories .
They were deemed the result of a media " witch hunt . "
The extension of this dynamic is that we now have two primary and many more secondary social groups in this country that have profoundly different images of what is going on and why .
It seems as if we live on different planets .
Consequently , our ability to understand " the other , " or to empathize with " the other " is almost nil .
Does this mean cognitive dissonance is impotent as a conflict resolution tool ?
It certainly makes its use harder -- but it is still not impossible .
While cognitive dissonance as a conflict escalator works at the mass communication level , its use as a conflict moderator most often must happen at the interpersonal level .
Once people make the effort to really connect with and empathically listen to people on the other side of the " fact divide , " this can create cognitive dissonance that actually softens enemy images , reduces delegitimization , and helps heal wounds between groups .
That means that to make this work , we need to turn away from our social media and actually start talking to real people -- including those on " the other side . "
If large numbers of people would be willing to do that ... stereotypes and enemy images could quickly begin to dissolve , and our political divide would simultaneously lessen and become much more complex .
But as we explored in the Frontiers Seminar on complexity -- that complexity is actually beneficial for addressing intractable conflicts -- as it breaks down overly simple - us - versus - them images and replaces them with much more complex images of " the other " that provide multiple ways of responding and reconciling .
-- Heidi Burgess .
August , 2017 .
Back to Essay Top
[ 1 ] Leon Festinger , A Theory of Cognitive Dissonance , Stanford University , Stanford , Calif. , 1957 .
[ 2 ]
See www.publicconversations.org for a description of their work and specifically http://www.publicconversations.org/pcp/resources/resource-detail.asp?ref-id=102 for a description of a well - publicized abortion dialogue and its results .
Use the following to cite this article :
Barker , Phil. " Cognitive Dissonance . "
Beyond Intractability .
Eds. Guy Burgess and Heidi Burgess .
Conflict Information Consortium , University of Colorado , Boulder .
Posted : September 2003 < http://www.beyondintractability.org/essay/cognitive-dissonance>.
Expert : Giuliani's pandering to Christian right could get ugly David Edwards and Muriel Kane
Published : Thursday November 15 , 2007
del.icio.us
Print This Email This According to author Craig Unger , the Iraq War is not really about terrorism , but is the product of an unholy alliance between Neoconservatives and the Christian right which pre-dates 9/11 .
Unger believes that George W. Bush was the " perfect vessel " for that alliance because of his evangelical base , but the current crop of Republican candidates are not evangelicals themselves and are merely pandering to the Christian right , with potentially ugly results .
Unger 's new book , The Fall of the House of Bush : The Untold Story of How a Band of True Believers Seized the Executive Branch , Started the Iraq War , and Still Imperils America 's Future , lays out his theory about the alliance between Christian Zionists and Neoconservatives and the impact of that alliance on American foreign policy .
" You see the Neocons going down to Texas as early as 1998 to woo President [ then - Governor ]
Bush , knowing that he had this electoral base , " Unger told MSNBC host Joe Scarborough " Nobody has really elected Neoconservatives to high office , but with a base of Christian evangelicals , George W. Bush became the perfect vessel . "
" That 's because he 's a devoted evangelical himself , " Scarborough commented .
He then asked Unger why so many evangelicals are supporting Rudy Giuliani , despite his attitudes on social issues .
" I think it 's actually the other way round , " Unger replied .
" The leading candidates , who are not really evangelicals themselves , have been pandering to the Christian right .
...
You see Giuliani making a very , very unlikely alliance with Pat Robertson .
They need those voters . "
" Giuliani is , as you say , a very unlikely candidate for the evangelicals , " Unger continued .
" I frankly expect there to be a fair amount of blood - letting in the Giuliani campaign before the primaries are over . "
" I think it 'll get much uglier , " Scarborough agreed .
The following video is from MSNBC's Morning Joe , broadcast on November 15 , 2007 .
The best conference I went to last year was the Business of Software Conference , organized by Neil Davidson of Red Gate Software over in Cambridge , England .
It had a great lineup of speakers [ PDF ] including Guy Kawasaki , Eric Sink , Tim Lister ( coauthor of Peopleware ) , Rick Chapman , Hugh MacLeod , and others , a great collection of real software businesses in attendance , and almost no fluff .
Plus , my first 5.6 earthquake , experienced from the top of a highrise hotel .
Great fun .
This year when Neil approached me about co-sponsoring the conference , I thought , why not ?
It ’s exactly the kind of conference I would organize if I were organizing a conference about the software business , which , thankfully , I ’m not , but Neil is , and he ’s doing a bang up job .
So this year , it ’s going to be called “ Business of Software 2008 : A Joel on Software Conference . ”
It ’ll almost certainly be in Boston some time in the fall , but nothing is even remotely final yet .
Sign up for the mailing list at that site , and they ’ll let you know when a time and place are set .
Eager
Eager was one of the first intelligent agents .
It assists users in performing repetitive tasks .
It constantly watches your actions on the computer , and when it detects a repetitive activity , it writes a program that performs that activity for you .
Eager continually monitors your actions on the computer , and when it detects a repetitive activity , the Eager character pops up on the screen .
Eager then anticipates what you are going to do : it uses green highlighting to mark what you are about to do .
For instance , Eager will turn a button green if it expects you to click on the button .
So , as you perform your task , you can see whether Eager knows how to perform the task for you .
what you are going to do : it uses green highlighting to mark what you are about to do .
For instance , Eager will turn a button green if it expects you to click on the button .
So , as you perform your task , you can see whether Eager knows how to perform the task for you .
Once you are confident that Eager knows what to do , you click on it , and it writes a program that completes the task automatically .
Eager is a programming by demonstration system .
It is able to detect patterns in a user 's actions , and to write a computer program that automates those actions .
It can be thought of as a smart macro recorder .
It is " smart " because it does not have to be turned on -- it detects repetitive patterns by itself -- and because it is able to make generalizations .
For instance , if the user types 1 , 2 , 3 , Eager is able to continue typing 4 , 5 , and so on .
Eager Demo Movie
Eager Movie ( mp4 )
Eager Movie ( QuickTime )
Publications about Eager
