Judith Miller
Fox News
January 8 , 2009
The New York Police Department is looking for ways to disrupt cell phone calls and other forms of electronic communication among terrorists in the event of another terror attack in New York , Police Commissioner Raymond Kelly says .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
The need to disrupt communications is one of several conclusions that the NYPD has drawn from studying the November attack in Mumbai , India , a three - day rampage by machine gun and grenade - wielding Islamic militants in which at least 165 people were killed and 304 were wounded .
Kelly is scheduled to discuss this and other “ lessons learned ” in testimony Thursday before the Senate Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs .
A draft copy of his statement was shared with FOX News in advance of his appearance .
Kelly stressed the need for law enforcement to be able to disrupt cell phone calls and other communications during an attack , pointing to threats posed by the media when they disclose law enforcement tactics during live coverage that can get passed back to the attackers .
Read article
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
( June 14 ) Likud MP Miki Zohar , chair of the Israeli coalition , says he is opposed to the Palestinians having a state .
He claimed that as l ...
This list first started as a compilation of the most expensive iPhone Applications , but we soon found ( not surprisingly ) that there was quite a bit of crapware priced at well over $ 100 .
These highly priced apps typically had 1 star reviews ( if any ) , and often offered functionality about as complex as a stopwatch or a guitar tuner .
So we decided to raise the bar a bit , and instead , have only listed apps that people would actually be willing to pay for .
Apps with abysmal reviews did n’t make the cut , and we did n’t list separate titles from the same publisher in order to show a diverse grouping of apps .
So without further adieu , the most expensive iPhone Apps that are n’t complete ripoffs .
1. iRa Pro ( $ 899.99 ) – Hot damn !
This app is 900 bucks and it does n’t even tell you how rich you are .
But it does provide you with “ touch based viewing and control of IP based video surveillance . ”
Essentially , you can use this app to tap into any surveillance cameras you have set up and running from anywhere in the world .
Though clearly not a consumer app , it seems pretty cool if high - end security is your thing , or if your name is Jason Bourne .
2. MATG Dynamics GP ( $ 499.99 ) – MATG stands for My Accounts To Go , and this is basically a finance and accounting app geared towards corporate executives and sales reps .
If wirelessly syncing into your firms corporate database for warehouse information , sales orders , inventory information , and accounts receivable statements is a necessity , then this app might be for you .
Before you plop down 500 bucks , keep in mind that this app requires the “ cooperation of your IT Department for installation and maintenance . ”
3. Lexi-COMPLETE ( $ 299 ) – This is a comprehensive reference database for medical professionals .
The software provides users with detailed information about drugs , diseases , lab and diagnostic procedures , poisoning and toxicology , disease management , and a wide variety of other topics that a Physician might need to reference on the spot .
4. iChart EMR ( $ 139.99 ) – Yet another medical app .
EMR stands for ‘ electronic medical record ’ , and as the name suggests , this application allows physicians to track and manage patients right from their iPhone or iPod Touch .
Physicians can even wirelessly write prescriptions and sync relevant data back up to online databases .
Initial reviews of this program complained of sluggishness and assortment of other bugs / problems .
A recent update , however , seems to have fixed many of those problems .
5. Luminair ( $ 99.99 ) – This is a professional app geared specifically towards A/V and theatre professionals .
Luminair lets you control lighting fixtures and consoles straight from your iPhone or iPod Touch .
If you ’re working behind the scenes on a play , for example , you can use Luminair to control “ stage lighting , special effects , and even fog machines . ”
The program also allows users to auto - save and auto - restore previous lighting settings for individual fixtures , or for entire production configurations .
6. ForeFlight : Aviation Weather , AF / D and Preflight Intelligence for Pilots ( $ 74.99 ) – This app has garnered extremely positive reviews , and is geared towards pilots .
It provides detailed information on weather , wind charts , hotels , flight plans , route charting , and diagrams for over 27,000 airports .
The number of features are extensive ( and somewhat foreign to non-pilots ) , so it ’s no wonder its being touted as the best “ pre-flight assistant ” available .
Privacy rights of innocent people will have to be sacrificed to give the security services access to a sweeping range of personal data , one of the architects of the government 's national security strategy has warned .
Sir David Omand , the former Whitehall security and intelligence co-ordinator , sets out a blueprint for the way the state will mine data - including travel information , phone records and emails - held by public and private bodies and admits : " Finding out other people 's secrets is going to involve breaking everyday moral rules . "
His paper provides the most candid assessment yet of the scale of Whitehall 's ambitions for a state database to track terrrorist groups .
It argues that while the measures are essential , public trust will be maintained only if such intrusive surveillance is carried out within a strong framework of morality and human rights .
" Modern intelligence access will often involve intrusive methods of surveillance and investigation , accepting that , in some respects this may have to be at the expense of some aspects of privacy rights , " he writes in a newly published Institute for Public Policy research paper .
" This is a hard choice , and goes against current calls to curb the so - called surveillance society - but it is greatly preferable to tinkering with the rule of law , or derogating from fundamental human rights .
Being able to demonstrate proper legal authorisation and appropriate oversight of the use of such intrusive intelligence activity may become a major future issue for the intelligence community , if the public at large is to be convinced of the desirability of such intelligence capability . "
Although Omand left the senior civil service in 2005 , his views continue to reflect thinking at the highest levels of Whitehall .
In the paper - National Security Strategy , Implications for the UK Intelligence Community - he says that a growing amount of intelligence to remove extremists and disrupt potential terrorist attacks is now derived from " protected information " - known in intelligence circles as " Protint " .
" This is personal information about individuals that resides in databases such as advanced passenger information , airline bookings , and other travel data , passport and biometric data , immigration , identity and border records , criminal records and other governmental and private sector data , including financial and telephone and other communications records .
" Such information may be held in national records , covered by data protection legislation , but it might also be held offshore by other nations , or by global companies , and may or may not be subject to international agreements .
Access to such information , and in some cases to the ability to apply data mining and pattern recognition software to databases , might well be the key to effective pre-emption in future terrorist cases . "
Omand says such sources have always been accessible to the police and security services against a named suspect , but the use of modern data mining and processing methods involves the examination of the innocent as well as the suspect to identify patterns of interest for further investigation .
Privacy issues do arise , he says , over the use of sources of information on the movements and activities of individuals revealed by technology such as CCTV and automatic number plate readers - again complicated by the use of " smart recognition software " such as data - mining programmes .
He says that the significant challenge facing the intelligence community is how to access the full range of personal data in a way that is timely , accurate , proportionate , legal and acceptable in a democratic and free society .
Safeguards must include appropriate oversight and means of independent investigation and redress in cases of alleged abuses of power .
Israel 's current assault on the Gaza Strip can not be justified by self - defense .
Rather , it involves serious violations of international law , including war crimes .
Senior Israeli political and military leaders may bear personal liability for their offenses , and they could be prosecuted by an international tribunal , or by nations practicing universal jurisdiction over grave international crimes .
Hamas fighters have also violated the laws of warfare , but their misdeeds do not justify Israel 's acts .
The United Nations charter ...
To keep my attention - deficit - disordered brain occupied , I have TwitScoop open on the wonderful window onto the Twitter - sphere Tweetdeck , and suddenly I saw in huge type 30 GB and Zune .
Reports were pouring into Zune fora that first gen 30 GB were failing en masse .
They began failing at midnight last night , and users are dubbing it Z2K9 .
Despite it happening around the New Year , Gizmodo throws cold water on the idea that it might be a date - based error .
The proximity of the events to the New Year , which inspired the Y2K9 moniker , provides little more than a colorful backdrop ; it 's unlikely that the switching of years in the Zune 's internal calendar has anything to do with the failures ( besides , it has n't even happened yet ) .
It might be a firmware upgrade gone bad , but it 's too early to tell .
Neowin has the details of the problem from a poster on a Microsoft Zune support forum :
" At exactly 2 am CDT ( 12 am PDT ) , the docked Zune made the " unplugged from USB port " bong - noise and went to the boot - up screen with the 100 % loading bar ... and froze .
At 2:30 am CDT , I decided to check the other Zune .
Turned it on and ... frozen at the 100 % loading screen . "
For more Zune puns than you can probably tolerate , head over to Reddit .
A bit of a sampler :
Jones77 : I wonder when normal service will rezune ?
Mosquito Wipes : Probably not anytime zune .
nihilisticmonk : I wonder what the reazune for the crashing is ?
For the Blair Witch edition of Zune failure , check out this video .
Does this look familiar to any Zuner owners out there ?
When an author signs a publication contract , insofar as it contains strict and traditional copyright notices , he is pretty much signing his life away .
It used to be that the publisher would maintain control only so long as the book is in print .
Today , with digital printing , this means forever : your lifetime plus 70 years .
During this time , you can't even quote significant portions of your own writing without permission from the publisher , and you could find yourself paying the publisher for the rights .
You can't read your own book aloud and sell the results .
You certainly can't give a journal a chapter .
You could try to be sneaky and change the text a bit , right ?
Wrong .
They 've thought of that .
You will own and control new matter but the old matter is still the private possession of The Man .
What if the publisher is n't marketing your book ?
You can yell and scream but they do n't have to answer .
In fact , most publishers have a system for dealings with authors .
It 's called voice mail .
Emails go unanswered .
You are done for .
You sold your soul and you can't get it back .
Not within your lifetime .
Your creation , which copyright is designed to protect , is now the possession of someone else .
This follows the trajectory as laid out in Michele Boldrin and David Levine 's smashing new book Against Intellectual Monopoly .
As they explain , this racket began in the 17th century when government instituted the idea of ownership of ideas , precisely so that the government could crush ideas it did n't like .
Only approved authors got the stamp of approval .
Same with art .
But then the authors and creators rose up and demand their rights in the 18th century , and the copyright idea was transferred from government to private parties , who were then in a position to crush competitors .
In the 20th century , this changed again , when the right was transferred from individuals to corporations .
In the digital age that exists simultaneous to the most tyrannical copyright laws ever , this is creating an intolerable situation that amounts to a form of involuntary servitude .
Creators write and paint and watch corporate interlopers doom their work to obscurity .
The creator hoped to make a dent in the universe but only sees his material land in the recycle bin of history .
Yes , it is done by contract -- contract backed by the power of the state .
So why do authors put up with it ?
Mostly because it is a convention , and they have n't known about alternatives .
Also , they are bribed by the ego - exploiting promise of royalties that never arrive .
The practical effects can be devastating .
There is , for example , a book on Austrian business cycles that was published some years ago , and it is print from an academic house , but in print only in the most technical sense .
It is essentially unaffordable for anyone but a state - fund library with an inelastic demand curve .
The Mises Institute wants to bring it back in paperback and make it affordable .
Nope , ca n't happen .
The publisher says that it will do it for us , at a very high price with virtually no discount .
They are in their legal rights to do this .
Of course it makes the whole project completely unviable .
No deal .
The authors are cornered .
There is nothing they can do .
There is nothing we can do .
A great Austrian book , written over the course of ten years , is consigned to the dusty shelves of a handful of libraries , for at least another 70 years .
This is only one case of a hundred that I 've seen .
It is even worse when the author is dead .
The publisher may or may not have handed back the rights to the manuscript .
Those rights may or may not have been transferred .
They may or may not have been handed on in the will or perhaps they are part of probate .
Yes , a potential new publisher can hunt this down to find out who among 6 billion potential owners actually controls rights to this manuscript .
A lawyer is always glad to spend vast amounts of your money doing research .
He may or may not come up with an answer you can trust .
Meanwhile , you have spent the equivalent of a first print run .
Most potential publishers will say : to heck with it .
Again , you have failed to be immortalized by your work .
This goes for artists and musical compositions and even recordings of your band or voice .
Thanks to federal law since the 1980s , all this material is bound up in a thicket of law , and this thicket will not evaporate for more than one hundred years .
This is what the " intellectual property " of copyright has wrought .
So I say to all authors : please look at your contracts .
Do n't sign your life away .
Publish on the condition of Creative Commons .
Claim your rights back as a creator and an author .
How does this work ?
You have to copyright your work if only to prevent others from claiming copyright and thereby binding all other living persons , including you , from publishing it .
Once you claim copyright , add that it is published under the Creative Common License 3.0 .
This rids your manuscript or song or painting of copyright 's provision of doom : the requirement that only one institution can control it .
In other words , it makes your creation part of the free market .
It can be posted , recorded , shown , photograph , celebrated by one and all forever .
Is n't this why you create in the first place ?
Is n't this what drove you to write , paint , photograph , sing , or whatever ?
You want to make a difference .
You want credit for your work .
This permits this .
Old - fashioned copyright is nothing but a form of modern tyranny in the digital age .
It has no future .
Bail out of this wicked institution and make sure that your work has a future too .
In the world of Hollywood , which is not actually a word , actors and directors tend to find themselves typecast into working certain styles or genres .
For example , certain actors will always play the same damn roll regardless of movie .
To get more specific , Paul Anderson makes and always will make stupid movies that give you a headache .
This week the Something Awful Forum Goons create the " definitive movies " of famous actors or directors .
Enjoy !
Harp Heaven got this woodland jamboree started with a mean xylophone ditty .
ampinstein is three licks away from busting through to the other side of the tootsie roll pop of your mind !
bos can't keep a good man down , even with his weights and netting .
IRQ is a corrections officer at Riker 's Island and wo n't give you any toilet paper if you have to go to the bathroom
Altf4 dares to dream of midgets and mayhem !
Ubuntu Advantage for infrastructure offers a single , per -node packaging of the most comprehensive software , security and IaaS support in the industry .
With OpenStack and Kubernetes support included , Ubuntu Advantage for Infrastructure provides everything you need to future - proof your data centre .
UA for Infrastructure , Advanced includes Server , OpenStack and Kubernetes support and is available at Standard ( 24x5 ) and Advanced ( 24x7 ) response times .
Learn more about Ubuntu Advantage for Infrastructure ›
Forget the thrill of Barack Obama 's soaring rhetoric during his town hall meeting in Fort Myers , Florida .
The real excitement took place in the stands .
Edison State college student Julio Osegueda stole the show when the president called on him to ask the final question at the event .
Osegueda was giddy about getting the chance to speak saying : " It 's such a blessing to see you Mr President , thank you for taking time out of your day .
Oh , gracious God , thank you so much . "
The McDonald 's employee went on to ask the president about worker benefits and told the president he is seeking a degree in communications .
Osegueda said he hopes to pursue a career as a broadcaster or DJ .
Obama explained his stimulus plan would bring tax breaks and health care reform for labourers such as Osegueda .
Obama offered words of encouragement for the 19 - year - old saying : " The fact that you are working as hard as you are working at a job that know does n't always pay as well as some other jobs , I think that 's a source of pride for you . "
In Octo­ber , an avalanche of events crashed down on the Bush administration ’s unbe­liev­able state­ments about sta­bil­i­ty in Afghanistan .
Sto­ries emerged , doc­u­ment­ing the con­nec­tions of Afghan Pres­i­dent Hamid Karzai ’s broth­er to the opi­um trade .
Then , the U.S. mil­i­tary released a report stat­ing that 30 civil­ians had been killed in an August airstrike – not the five to sev­en deaths it had pre­vi­ous­ly claimed .
The new fig­ures were still well below 90 deaths the U.N. and Afghan gov­ern­ment esti­mat­ed .
This was fol­lowed by a leaked ver­sion of a Nation­al Intel­li­gence Esti­mate that stat­ed Afghanistan was in a ​ “ down­ward spi­ral , ” and warned of increas­ing Tal­iban attacks from with­in Pakistan .
Even the administration ’s most tepid crit­ics won­dered how sev­en years after the inva­sion of Afghanistan , the sit­u­a­tion there has dete­ri­o­rat­ed so dras­ti­cal­ly .
For sev­er­al months , mil­i­tary casu­al­ties in Afghanistan have out­num­bered those in Iraq , while the Tal­iban has begun to focus its attacks with­in the ter­ri­to­ry of America ’s ally Pakistan .
Two recent books exam­ine America ’s mil­i­tary and diplo­mat­ic for­ays into South and Cen­tral Asia over the past sev­er­al decades .
Togeth­er , these books – Pak­istani jour­nal­ist Ahmed Rashid ’s Descent Into Chaos ( Viking , June ) and British - Pak­istani jour­nal­ist Tariq Ali’s The Duel ( Simon and Schus­ter , Sep­tem­ber ) – sur­vey the man­gled wreck­age of failed states , war­lords and dic­ta­tors , refugees , and nascent social jus­tice move­ments crushed by brute force .
With Oba­ma elect­ed on promis­es of increased mil­i­tary deploy­ments to Afghanistan and action against the Tal­iban with­in Pak­istan , these books appear at a crit­i­cal time .
Couched in the most gen­er­ous terms , Rashid and Ali depict Amer­i­ca as an incom­pe­tent and ill - informed actor , woe­ful­ly igno­rant of the region ’s his­to­ry and pol­i­tics .
Fre­quent­ly , though , the authors show us a vicious nation that show­ers bombs upon Afghan vil­lages or gives a nod and a wink to Pak­istani repres­sion of stu­dents , lawyers and the low­er class­es .
And they describe the haunt­ing world of America ’s his­toric sup­port for Islam­ic extrem­ists – the very ones who are sup­pos­ed­ly at the heart of the war on ter­ror , but are reap­ing the rewards from it .
Rashid ’s decades of report­ing expe­ri­ence in the region are on dis­play in Descent .
His gloss of the region is thick with intrigue and over­flow­ing with detailed accounts of Afghanistan , Pak­istan and the five inde­pen­dent states of Cen­tral Asia .
No region­al con­flict is left untreat­ed – be it Kash­mir , Baluchis­tan or the Uighurs in China .
Rashid opens with a twined sto­ry of Karzai ’s return to Afghanistan and a his­to­ry of that nation , then moves through an ency­clo­pe­dic account of the push and shove between Pak­istan and its neigh­bors – India and Afghanistan – the rise of the Tal­iban , and the U.S. role in the region .
He moves method­i­cal­ly through the region ’s post‑9 /​11 shocks and the many failed inter­na­tion­al attempts to prop up a nascent Afghan state and to snuff out the Taliban .
Rashid also traces the influ­ence of Pakistan ’s mil­i­tary intel­li­gence agency , the Inter - Ser­vices Intel­li­gence Direc­torate , or ISI .
What emerges is a fas­ci­nat­ing sto­ry of this secre­tive agency ’s tremen­dous pow­er over Pakistan ’s inter­nal pol­i­tics .
A con­sis­tent sub­plot to Amer­i­can fail­ure is the awe­some abil­i­ty of the ISI to play all sides , extract­ing much and giv­ing away lit­tle , all the while spawn­ing new extrem­ist cadres .
Rashid writes , ​“ The U.S. fail­ure to secure this region may well lead to glob­al ter­ror­ism , nuclear pro­lif­er­a­tion and a drug epi­dem­ic on a scale that we have not yet expe­ri­enced and I can only hope we nev­er will . ”
But Rashid ’s sources – rang­ing from anony­mous U.S. gov­ern­ment offi­cials to Karzai – also cloud his analy­sis , par­tic­u­lar­ly of Afghanistan .
Rashid views the fail­ures there as tech­no­crat­ic ones .
In oth­er words , replace a few dim - wit­ted bureau­crats and ele­vate Afghanistan ’s pri­or­i­ty with­in inter­na­tion­al diplo­mat­ic cir­cles , and the nation could be pulled from the jaws of failure .
But is this real­ly the case ?
It ’s a mantra Rashid ’s polit­i­cal elite sources repeat over and over .
He seems nev­er to con­sid­er the con­tra­dic­to­ry imper­a­tives of a mil­i­tary dis­patched to extend U.S. pow­er abroad , on one hand , and the acute human­i­tar­i­an needs of the Afghan peo­ple – or the demo­c­ra­t­ic needs of those in Pak­istan and oth­er Cen­tral Asian states – on the other .
What Rashid inter­prets as an inco­heren­cy of inter­na­tion­al plan­ning is actu­al­ly a naked view of Amer­i­can pow­er at work .
It mobi­lizes sup­port in Europe , Cen­tral Asia and Pak­istan in order to fur­ther its own inter­ests , not those of Afghans or Pak­ista­nis pin­ing for democracy .
Pro­vid­ing a need­ed cor­rec­tive , in The Duel , Ali focus­es on the con­flict­ing inter­ests of state pow­er and democ­ra­cy , which is what Rashid is most silent on .
In Ali ’s account , Pak­istan stands in oppo­si­tion to gen­er­a­tions of Pak­ista­nis , Bangladeshis and Baluchis seek­ing demo­c­ra­t­ic reforms and , some­times , rev­o­lu­tion­ary change .
Ali ’s account tem­pers the sen­sa­tion­al­ist Amer­i­can spin around Pak­istani pol­i­tics .
He writes : ​“ The West prefers to view Pak­istan through a sin­gle optic .
[ The media gives ] the impres­sion that the main , if not the only , prob­lem con­fronting Pak­istan is the pow­er of the beard­ed fanat­ics … who … are on the verge of tak­ing over the county . ”
Para­noid about nuclear - armed mul­lahs , the U.S. gov­ern­ment heaps cash and arms upon the mil­i­tary régime .
It ’s a nar­ra­tive that suc­ces­sive Pak­istani lead­ers play to the hilt .
But instead of using U.S. aid to fight jihadis in the Fed­er­al­ly Admin­is­tered Trib­al Areas , the Pak­istani gov­ern­ment deploys it against those seek­ing a demo­c­ra­t­ic change or a voice in Pak­istani affairs .
The Duel serves as an excel­lent corol­lary – albeit tak­ing a much more crit­i­cal view of polit­i­cal elites and inter­na­tion­al rela­tions – to Rashid ’s Descent .
But stark dif­fer­ences between the two exist – par­tic­u­lar­ly on the effi­ca­cy of mil­i­tary inter­ven­tion in achiev­ing human­i­tar­i­an ends .
Yet togeth­er the books illu­mi­nate the his­to­ries of Cen­tral and South Asia and the per­ilous path that Amer­i­ca has under­tak­en by hitch­ing itself to Pakistan ’s mil­i­tary leadership .
The ques­tion now is :
How close will Pres­i­dent Oba­ma hew to this dis­as­trous path ?
Judging from his uber - dark , mech 'd - out artwork , Kris Kuksi probably had a disturbing childhood ( or dropped acid in graveyards ) .
But it does n't make his pieces any less awesome .
Advertisement
Advertisement
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Kuksi's sculptures and dioramas ( bas - reliefs if you wanna get technical about it ) tend to look at the tensions between the old world and the modern one , with heavy emphasis on themes of religion , conquest and death .
And he managed to accomplish all this while still maintaining a tech sensibility to his work that threw me into an all out nerdgasm .
Like Art Machines points out , these images do n't do the works justice , but you can zoom around over on Kuksi 's site and check out all the intricacies .
Some pieces , particularly the ones involving tanks , are overtly political , while others focus heavily on the religious .
But my personal favorites are the one shown above , the piece with the Zeppelin , and the work of the skeleton cradling a village — which looks vaguely like Zion ( the underground city in the Matrix ) crossed with ancient Japanese mythology .
And there are tons more sculptures over on Kuksi 's site you should definitely check out .
[ Kris Kuksi via Art Machines ]
Researchers gathered recently in a small darkened lab near Santa Barbara , nervously pacing as a digital camera snapped hundreds of images of a shard of pottery resting a few feet below the lens .
There was good reason for their anxiety .
The terra -cotta fragment is about 3,000 years old and was inscribed with five lines of text that could alter knowledge about the existence of an ancient Judean kingdom .
“ To find any text is really off the charts , ” said David Willner , an expert in Jewish antiquities who accompanied the shard from its excavation site in Israel to California .
“ And to have five lines of text is extraordinary . ”
That this world treasure ended up at Megavision -- a small , employee - owned company tucked away in a nondescript industrial park -- speaks volumes about the firm ’s growing reputation for the kind of specialized digital imaging sought by museums , archives , research institutes and elite collectors .
In the last year , Megavision Chief Executive Ken Boydston traveled to Washington , D.C. , to help create a copy of the Waldseemueller map , the oldest - known map naming the American continent .
At Oxford University , Boydston helped curators install an imaging system so academicians can more fully scrutinize ancient Egyptian documents .
Two weeks ago , Boydston got a call from Greg Bearman , a Pasadena scientist who has done extensive imaging work on the Dead Sea Scrolls .
Archaeologists had unearthed a 5 - inch - by - 5 - inch shard of pottery near the Valley of Elah -- site of the biblical battle between David and Goliath .
Bearman had been asked to create detailed images of the fragment to help researchers decode its message .
But he did n’t have the necessary equipment .
He asked Boydston : Could Megavision help ?
After a flurry of soldering , drilling and snipping , Boydston ’s team was ready when Bearman and a phalanx of researchers , archaeologists and technicians descended on Megavision ’s tiny lab .
The result is hundreds of high - resolution images shot with different light filters .
Using a process called spectral imaging , Boydston and Bill Christens - Barry , another imaging expert , aimed to maximize the contrast of the ink , made of charcoal and animal fat , against the terra -cotta piece .
Although they did n’t find any hidden text , the images will be sent back to Israel .
Other high - tech images were produced -- using slightly different imaging techniques -- at Cedars - Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles and two other technical shops on the East Cost .
Once the shard ’s message is fully scrutinized and decoded , findings will be published in scholarly journals by Yosef Garfinkel of Hebrew University , who led the dig .
A few words already deciphered -- “ slave , ” “ king , ” “ land ” and “ judge ” -- indicate that it may be a legal text , lending weight to some scholars ’ belief that King David wielded considerable power over the Israelites .
Ancient scribes often wrote on broken bits of pottery because the material was plentiful and cheap , Bearman said .
Papyrus and parchment were rare , he said .
Oxford University used carbon dating to determine that the text was written in the 10th century , 1,000 years earlier than the Dead Sea Scrolls , making it the oldest Hebrew text ever found .
“ It ’s an exciting thing , ” Boydston said of the shard project .
“ It ’s almost like passing on genetic codes for our cultural heritage . ”
Megavision ’s turn toward elite digital archiving comes more than two decades after it was founded in 1983 by Boydston , 61 , and three other partners .
The firm initially focused on creating then - unheard - of computers that could process digital images , selling their products to studios , astronomers , medical labs and defense contractors .
In 1989 , it produced one of the first digital cameras used in America to photograph products for commercial catalogs .
But the 300 - pound cameras were costly and the market small , Boydston said .
Technological advances in using the light spectrum to enhance digital photography have guided Megavision ’s turn toward specialized photography , he said .
Infrared imaging works like a magnifying glass in unearthing text or images wiped off of parchment and reused by economy - minded ancient scribes .
The Getty Museum , New York ’s Museum of Modern Art , the National Institute of Art and other major museums are interested in the technology , Boydston said .
“ It ’s not a big market , ” he said .
“ But it ’s very cool and fun .
It feels good to be a part of protecting and conserving cultural heritage . ”
Saillant is a Times staff writer .
catherine .saillant
@latimes.com
Che 's image crops in protests in Latin America and beyond
By Daniel Schweimler
BBC News , Buenos Aires
Fifty years ago saw the triumph of the Cuban revolution , led by Fidel Castro .
A key figure in that success was Ernesto Che Guevara , who led rebel fighters into Havana on 2 January following the overthrow of Cuba 's dictator Fulgencio Batista .
But Che Guevara 's attempts to spread the revolution throughout the continent ended with his execution in a remote Bolivian school in 1967 .
His image and ideology were suppressed in his native Argentina - and beyond - throughout the 1970s and much of the 1980s , a period that saw much of Latin America governed by right - wing or even military administrations .
Some in Latin America see
Che as a failed revolutionary , while others say he was a misguided killer , a brutal man who ordered the execution of dozens of his opponents .
But what is clear is that Che Guevara 's image and ideals have continued to resonate - and in some parts of 21st century Latin America now stronger than ever .
The reasons , for some observers , is that the region 's institutions are generally weak .
The people simply do n't trust their governments , banks and judicial systems .
Their protests are often lost in a sea of bureaucracy or corruption , and so for many , the only way to be heard is by taking to the streets .
Iconic image
As a result , there are protests almost every day across Latin America by trade unions , indigenous groups , human rights campaigners , shantytown residents and more .
People feel that he represents many of our deep needs , politically speaking
Maria del Carmen
Ecuadoran writer
And you can pretty much guarantee it - some demonstrators will be bearing the famous image of Ernesto Che Guevara captured by photographer Alberto Korda in Havana in 1960 .
Buenos Aires - based journalist , Michael Casey , is the author of the book Che 's Afterlife - The Legacy of an Image .
" It 's much easier to put on a T - shirt and say ' I 'm dedicated to self - sacrifice and to the hard slog of revolution ' that Che himself , the man , pursued than it is to actually do it yourself , " Mr Casey says .
" He would be demanding a lot of people .
And I do n't think the revolutionary fervour that drove people to imitate him in quite a real way , certainly here in Argentina and across Latin America , is quite there . "
In Europe and North America , his image is used to sell everything from vodka to baby clothes to T - shirts , while in Latin America it still carries a revolutionary appeal .
Stunning comeback Che Guevara died , defeated and with little support in a remote Bolivian village in October 1967 .
So how are Che and the message he carried with such success in the Cuban revolution relevant to 21st century Latin American politics ?
The president of Venezuela , Hugo Chavez , has certainly helped to burnish Che 's image .
Guevara is everywhere .
He is being reborn .
And nowadays , he has won .
You will see .
Eladio Gonzalez
Memorabilia store owner Mr Chavez recently marked the 10th anniversary of his own election - and he has made it clear he wants to stay a lot longer to implement what he calls his brand of 21st Century socialism .
As he spreads his message throughout Latin America , lubricated by his country 's vast oil wealth , he often talks of the advice he receives from the former Cuban leader , Fidel Castro , and the inspiration from Che Guevara .
But it is perhaps in Bolivia , the country where Che Guevara 's plans to spread revolution failed so dramatically , that ironically his image and ideals are most prevalent .
Indigenous leader , coca leaf grower and now president Evo Morales also says he is continuing to spread the message carried by Che .
He often talks about Guevara 's self - sacrifice and cites the work he did with the poor , the sick and indigenous communities .
At the height of the Cold War , Che 's CIA - backed killers hoped his revolutionary zeal was dead too .
It seems that they were wrong .
" It 's like people feel that he represents many of our deep needs , politically speaking , " says Ecuadorean writer Maria del Carmen who has written extensively about the bearded , beret - wearing Argentine .
" So I really think that is the main point about the growing of his popularity all over Latin America .
Because this is growing all the time . "
Hero 's shrine Most in Latin America could probably not tell you specifically what Che stood for .
They use him mainly as a symbol of hope , of independence , of freedom , of something to sing about .
Eladio Gonzalez used to run the only Che Guevara museum in Buenos Aires .
It is closed now but his shop filled with Che memorabilia acts as a kind of shrine for visitors in search of whatever they feel the Argentine revolutionary can offer them .
Che graffiti adorns many walls in Latin America 's poorest districts Wearing his Che T - shirt and playing a song about his dead hero over the shop 's music system , he said : " Guevara is everywhere .
He is being reborn . "
He cites the example of Bolivia : " I am very , very happy that the seed Guevara put in this earth , Bolivia , has grown and we are seeing , are looking at , these new fruits .
And nowadays , he has won .
Guevara has won .
You will see . "
Mr Gonzalez said that successive governments and the media in Argentina have distorted the Che Guevara story because they are frightened of the message he carried .
It was only with the return to democracy in Argentina 25 years ago that his image could be legally displayed and his books read .
Although Buenos Aires remains without a Che Guevara museum , there are plans to open one in Rosario , the city in which he was born , and there is one in the northern province of Cordoba where he grew up .
Few in Latin America , it seems , want to turn their countries into new versions of Cuba .
But the spirit of the Cuban revolution , and all that it promised , is still burning strong - at least in the image of Comandante Che Guevara .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Last month I outlined some details around Android Market .
Today , Android Market launched for users to download applications along with the first Android - powered phone — the T - Mobile G1 .
With Android Market , users can easily download apps to their Android - powered phone .
Users can also rate the apps they 've downloaded and leave comments .
These users ' ratings along with anonymous usage statistics help determine how apps are ranked and presented within Android Market .
If you 're a developer , you will be able to register and upload your applications starting next Monday , 2008 - 10 - 27 , when we 've wrapped up a few final details .
In order to make sure that each developer is authenticated and responsible for their apps , you will need to register and pay a one time $ 25 application fee .
Once registered , your apps can be made available to users without further validation or approval .
Starting in early Q1 , developers will also be able to distribute paid apps in addition to free apps .
Developers will get 70 % of the revenue from each purchase ; the remaining amount goes to carriers and billing settlement fees — Google does not take a percentage .
We believe this revenue model creates a fair and positive experience for users , developers , and carriers .
There are already over 50 apps available in Android Market today .
You can view a showcase of some of these apps — which include multimedia , location - based tools , barcode scanners , travel guides and games — at http://www.android.com/market/.
Now that Android Market is live and ready for contributions , we hope to see developers adding their own compelling apps starting next week .
In the coming months , we 'll continue to roll out additional tools and enhancements to Android Market .
We also expect to see additional Android - powered devices rolling out by different carriers around the world .
Starting today , you can get a device , test your apps on it , and get them ready for upload .
On Monday , to share your app with the world , simply register , upload your application and publish it .
It 's really that easy .
I look forward to seeing what you bring to the Market .
Update : As of Monday morning ( 2008 - 10 - 27 ) , http://market.android.com/publish is now available for developers to publish their apps on Android Market .
A dry - dock shaped iceberg floats in clear waters off the western Antarctic peninsula , Antarctica , Southern Ocean ( Image : Steven Kazlowski / Science Faction / Getty )
This map shows the warming that has occurred in West Antarctica during the last 50 years , with dark red showing the area that has warmed the most ( Image : E J Steig , courtesy of NASA )
It ’s official : there is nowhere left to hide from global warming .
The notion that Antarctica is the last continent not to be heating up because of climate change is dead , according to a new study .
Advertisement
The results suggest that the southernmost continent is warming roughly as fast as the rest of the planet .
They overturn previous suggestions that only the Antarctic peninsula , which stretches points north towards South America , was heating up while the continent ’s interior cooled .
When the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change published its 2007 report , it declared : “ it is likely there has been significant anthropogenic warming over the past 50 years averaged over each continent ( except Antarctica ) ” .
The exception was n’t made because there was proof that Antarctica was cooling , says Gareth Marshall of the British Antarctic Survey , but because there was not sufficient proof that the continent was warming .
Since then , data from isolated parts of the seventh continent have confirmed Antarctica is not immune to global warming .
And now , Eric Steig of the University of Washington , Seattle , and colleagues have used satellite data covering the entire continent to show that on average the entire continent warmed by 0.5 °C between 1957 and 2006 .
On average , the planet has warmed 0.6 °C in 50 years .
Sparse data
The majority of weather stations on Antarctica sit around the coast , with only two providing an unbroken record from the continent ’s interior .
Steig and colleagues overcame this lack of data by using satellite data and statistical techniques to fill in the gaps .
“ Eric has done a very clever analysis with extremely sparse data , ” says David Vaughan of the British Antarctic Survey , whose scientists were not part of the study .
The results ( see map ) show that the continent is not warming uniformly .
Temperatures on the West Antarctica ice sheet , which includes the Antarctic peninsula and is as large as California , Texas , Alaska and Kansas put together , are rising much faster than in East Antarctica .
Climate model simulations provided clues about the cause of the warming , and point to the decline in regional sea ice cover and atmospheric circulation .
“ It is almost certain that greenhouse gases are contributing to the warming but from this data it is difficult to say how much , ” says Steig .
Fragile ice sheets
The west Antarctic ice sheet more likely to collapse , causing global sea levels to rise , than the east Antarctica ice sheet – in 2002 the Larsen B ice shelf virtually vanished and the Wilkins ice shelf is currently teetering on the edge of collapse .
However , Vaughan cautions that Steig ’s results do not mean the ice is even more fragile than previously thought .
“ If you change surface temperatures from - 50 °C to - 40 °C it makes no difference to the ice , ” he says .
Antarctic ice shelves are breaking up because of rises in sea surface temperatures , not air temperatures .
Vaughan was speaking from Antarctica where he and his colleagues are monitoring the Wilkins ice sheet .
“ Frankly , most of us are surprised that it is still here , ” he told New Scientist , “ but there was a lot of snow this year ” .
The team have placed a GPS receiver on the ice shelf to track its movements but Vaughan says they expect it to disappear by the end of the austral summer .
Journal reference : Nature ( DOI : 10.1038/nature07669 , in press )
When “ Mr. S ” showed up in Las Vegas , bellboys , butlers and blackjack dealers made sure they were prepared for the high - rolling Fry ’s Electronics executive flying in from San Jose with his long list of demands .
Fiji water , grouped in bottles of three .
Golden raisins and warmed mixed nuts .
Aramis cologne and badger hair shaving brush .
Lint - free towels .
Dom Perignon Rose champagne and Kurosawa Sake in the fridge .
And never , under any circumstances , approach him from behind .
If they did n’t want to face Mr. S ’s wrath , maids knew to arrange bowls of Glitterati Mentissimo peppermints adorned with a single rose throughout his suite , and to stock his shower with Nioxin shampoo for “ fine and thinning hair . ”
White vases were a no - no — he considered them bad luck .
None of those rules will apply when Mr. S — aka Ausaf “ Omar ” Umar Siddiqui — is arraigned Thursday in federal court in San Jose on charges that the former Fry ’s executive laundered about $ 6 million in kickbacks from vendors to pay off his enormous gambling debts in Las Vegas .
Mr. S ’s guest profile , obtained by the Mercury News , is outlined in seven pages of do’s , don’ts and “ not under any circumstances ” culled by hotel and casino employees , offering a rare glimpse into the glitzy world of big - time gamblers .
The profile , which never mentions Siddiqui by name , was provided by a casino employee who asked to remain anonymous for fear of losing his job .
Siddiqui , a 42 - year - old Palo Alto bachelor , was among a select group of high - rollers whose whims are catered to .
One lawsuit from Planet Hollywood Resort and Casino says Siddiqui lost nearly $ 9 million in just one sitting of baccarat .
Another suit claims he lost $ 2 million in one day at the Palms Casino in Vegas .
Court records show the IRS tracked about $ 120 million Siddiqui spent in three years at just two casinos , the Venetian and MGM .
“ Casinos give you free hotel rooms , free food , free drinks , all that stuff , ” said David Schwartz , director of the Gaming Studies Research Center at the University of Nevada - Las Vegas .
“ It ’s pretty much what the players expect .
If they do n’t get the mints they want , the players will just go somewhere else . ”
Siddiqui has declined several requests for interviews , by phone , in person and through his civil attorney , Eric Sidebotham .
Fry ’s vendors and employees have told the Mercury News Siddiqui was not a manager to be crossed .
And the hotel guest profile describes Siddiqui as a gambler who insisted on getting his way .
Once , two years ago , according to an internal e-mail at one Vegas hotel , Siddiqui demonstrated dramatically to hotel personnel just how flimsy he thought their clothes hangers were , shaking his closet hangers so hard that his pants flung off and demanding the hotel buy better brands .
The same e-mail recounts how Siddiqui fumed after it took 40 minutes to deliver a room service order for egg rolls and pot stickers .
Hotel butlers shared notes , reminding each other that when Mr. S visited , “ no one is to enter the suite unescorted or unannounced except the butler assigned . ”
And when Siddiqui was entertaining , the notes remind staff that the “ butler will need to maintain a presence , if not in the room , then in the pantry with the door open so requests can be heard . ”
The staff knew when to leave , too .
Siddiqui will “ dismiss you by requesting privacy .
He will be very direct with this request .
Leave until he contacts you . ”
Siddiqui never drank when he was gambling , one casino employee said .
However , his guest profile shows , he liked his room stocked with Grey Goose vodka , Crown Royal , Johnnie Walker Black , Jack Daniels , Grand Marnier , Kahlua , Bailey ’s Irish Cream liqueur , Dom Perignon , Kurosawa Sake and expensive cognac bottles of Hardy Perfection and Remy Martin Louis XIII .
Siddiqui also was quite particular about his body .
Hotel employees had a long shopping list at Saks Fifth Avenue , Nordstrom , Macy’s , and , yes , Target and Wal - Mart , if need be , to purchase a Philips Norelco Bodygroom shaver with a fog - free shaving mirror , a Sonicare Elite 7500 Series toothbrush , Clinique facial scrub for men , knuckle Band - Aids , original ChapStick , Crest mint gel toothpaste with tartar protection and Trojan Magnum condoms .
He was just as fastidious about his clothing .
He ordered hotel employees to buy him socks made of 70 percent silk and 30 percent cotton .
Housecleaning was to inspect his meticulously organized closet for dirty clothing and send it for dry - cleaning , including his jeans .
Starch and creasing were forbidden .
His shoes were to be polished and returned to the closet , laces tied , wooden inserts replaced .
Siddiqui also expected his luxury suite to look a certain way .
Roses in vases of any color other than white , and scented candles were scattered artfully throughout the room .
The TVs should be set to ESPN ; he especially liked Ultimate Fighting Championship matches .
“ Porn ” had to be available in the bedroom , and the rotating bed was to be turned down constantly , with a light blanket , and a comforter placed nearby .
For breakfast , Siddiqui liked Earl Grey tea with four packets of sugar and 3/4 teaspoon cream , three eggs over easy , hash browns , sourdough toast , orange juice and a plate of papaya , mango and pineapple .
And while casino employees were sent scrambling to fill Mr. S ’s shopping list , there was one request he required from the electronics giant he helped build over the past two decades :
The V3 cell phone batteries and BR50 desktop charger had to be purchased at Fry’s .
Contact Lisa Fernandez at lfernandez@mercurynews.com or ( 408 ) 920-5002 .
While looking for the Neil Tyson clip I recently posted , I found this one with Dr. Lisa Bitel , Professor of History and Gender Studies at USC .
She 's talking pareidolia , so I watched it with some amusement .
I 'm glad people are talking about this , but I think Dr. Bitel may have missed the obvious fact that the Weekly World News probably maybe sorta Photoshopped that picture of the devil in clouds over DC .
Anyway , the full program is online , and is pretty interesting .
Pula is also a coastal area as Split .
On our Portal Finger Salute to Bush we publish the most interesting stories about that .
On the second day , we planned yacht charter because we heard that yacht riding is one of the popular things in the cities around Croatia .
Therefore we hired a yacht and get into the sea .
The person who drives the yacht took us to many beautiful spots inside the sea .
He was speaking in the Croatia ( Croatian ) language .
We asked him to speak in English but he could not speak fluently .
But it was good to hear a different language .
One of my friends is a professional photographer hence he had his camera with him .
Hence we have taken many photos in all those spots and it was a good experience .
Then we came back to sea shore and visited many other places around Pula .
On the third day , we went to Kornati islands .
People who visit Croatia must visit Kornati Islands without fail .
I would say this is one of the beautiful places in the world .
Since we were travelling to the spot in the morning time , we could see lot of natural scenery there .
The way the sunlight falls on the sea and the trees was beyond description .
You can enjoy that experience only if you visit this place .
I have heard that Trogir is one important place that everyone has to visit whenever they go to Croatia .
Therefore I was very curious to visit this place so I took my family to this place on our third day and it was a great day .
We have visited many historic places and my daughter has purchased many interested things from the nearby shops .
By Portal Finger Salute to Bush .
Details Written by Super User
Touring to different places would be a longing desire for many people because it is the one of the best way to have enjoyable time with friends and family .
More than considering touring as just for fun , we can call it as the best way to relax .
It will really brighten your mood and release peace in the mind .
Seeing different locations and inhaling the air from various atmosphere would give deep serenity in us and make every day a beautiful day of FingerSalutetoBush .
The flow of water , the calmness of the sand , the magnificence of mountains and the elegance of the sea with beauty of the sky will take us a trip to heaven .
Enjoying the creation is the best feeling a person can have and all the creations in this Earth , especially the nature exists for us to explore and enjoy the Portal FingerSalutetoBush.org
Visiting Croatia is the best decision we have taken regarding touring because it is the place that everyone should visit at least once in the life time .
The beautiful Croatian coastlines are visual treat to your eyes and the seashore will bring various memories to you .
This is what I have experienced that the scenic beauty of Islands of Croatia with Velmundi and it has reminded many things of life and the calmness in the place has led me to have best time on a yacht .
I was taken back to the enjoyable memories of my life and I really relished staying there for long time .
There are more than 35 marinas in Croatia , over 1000 boats available for charter , many taverns and friendly people .
It is important to charter a yacht with a trusted partner in Croatia like www.velmundi.com where you can find more than 12000 offers update every day .
Prices and discounts , inventory with such items as bow thruster , roller mainsail , or B&G plotter GPS or Garmin are listed with exact photos of each monohull , catamaran or motorboat .
So that is very useful when you consider yacht charter in Croatia .
In making Fallout 3 , Bethesda recreated Washington D.C. and the surrounding area surprisingly accurately ( though distances were significantly shrunk ) .
The resemblance was too strong for some - certain D.C. residents weremiffed about Fallout 3 subway adswhich depicted their city in ruins , claiming they did n't need to be reminded that D.C. is a prime target for terrorist attacks .
Apparently no one told them that D.C. is destroyed in nearly every hypothetical war / alien invasion .
Not being residents of D.C. , Fallout3 gave us the perfect opportunity to take a tour of the area without actually having to get off our asses and do something .
Sure , most of it's rubble , but we got the gist , and it 's accurate enough .
Enough , at least , to stick screenshots next to photos and look at them .
The Washington Monument
Photo by NCinDC ( Flickr )
A perfect resemblance !
Okay , so the Washington Monument is basically just a stick of marble , granite , and sandstone ( thanks Wikipedia ! ) , and if they could n't get that right they should have quit making games to work on basic motor control , but it 's a good start .
The Capitol Building
Photo by Tolka Rover ( Flickr )
The twiggy remains of the decorative trees are a nice touch , and we would n't mind if the real building had gaping holes in it too - we could peek in to keep an eye on our legislators ( you know , in case they try to do something crazy like give all our money to a bunch of crappy banks ) .
The Lincoln Memorial
Photo by BlankBlankBlank ( Flickr )
Again , a strong resemblance , though it could have used more stairs , and some of the decorative elements have apparently worn off .
Not that they exactly had their work cut out for them with this one - it's a block with some columns .
Journalists last week were eager to amplify a new study in Nature to report conclusively that the anomaly of Antarctica ’s not warming has now been disproven .
See “ All Antarctica Seems to be Warming , Report Says , ” by San Francisco Chronicle Science Editor David Perlman , and “ Study : Antarctica Joins Rest of Globe in Warming , ” by Seth Borenstein , AP Science Writer .
As the AP article notes , the methodology used for the study is questionable :
The researchers used satellite data and mathematical formulas to fill in missing information .
That made outside scientists queasy about making large conclusions with such sparse information .
“ This looks like a pretty good analysis , but I have to say I remain somewhat skeptical , ” Kevin Trenberth , climate analysis chief at the National Center for Atmospheric Research , said in an e-mail .
“ It is hard to make data where none exist . ” [ Emphasis added ]
It ’s worth noting that one of the study ’s co-authors is Michael Mann — perhaps best known as the man behind the notorious “ Hockey Stick , ” an earlier attempt to use such “ proxy data ” in support of the hypothesis of anthropomorphic global warming .
In fact , despite the “ science is in ” declarations of both headlines , as the AP story allows there remains much dissent over the matter , as well as unexplained internal data discrepancies :
East Antarctica , which scientists had long thought to be cooling , is warming slightly when yearly averages are looked at over the past 50 years , said [ study co-author Eric ] Steig .
However , autumn temperatures in east Antarctica are cooling over the long term .
And east Antarctica from the late 1970s through the 1990s , cooled slightly , Steig said .
Some researchers skeptical about the magnitude of global warming overall said that the new study did n’t match their measurements from satellites and that there appears to be no warming in Antarctica since 1980 .
“ It overstates what they have obtained from their analysis , ” said Roger Pielke , Sr. , a Senior Research Scientist at the University of Colorado .
Interestingly , no such dissenting views are included in the Chronicle account of the study , which uses such non-scientific wording as “ the issue has apparently been resolved . ”
Indeed , the article quotes only one scientist other than the study ’s authors , who expresses his “ opinion that anthropogenic impacts . . . are having a discernible impact on Antarctic climate variability and will continue to do so . ”
[ Emphasis added ]
The Chronicle article offers a simplified overview of the study ’s methodology , and says :
The result , Steig said , was a combined record clearly showing that East Antarctica , too has been warming over the past 50 years — although warming on the continent ’s western side has been twice as rapid .
The article ’s author then concludes , “ While the numbers are complicated , the team ’s evidence indicates that over the entire Antarctic continent . . . the average temperature increase for the past 50 years has been half a degree Celsius . . . ” —eerily echoing that Godfather of all obfuscation of science , Al Gore , in his Academy Award - winning “ An Inconvenient Truth . ”
Displaying his famous Temperature vs. CO2 - levels graph , Gore said : “ Their relationship is actually very complicated , but there is one relationship that is far more powerful than all the others , and it is this :
When there is more carbon dioxide , the temperature gets warmer . ”
What the scale he chose to use and his explanation both left out was the actual causal relationship : temperature rises precede rises in carbon dioxide by , on average , 800 years .
He thus ought more accurately have said , “ When the temperature gets warmer , there is more carbon dioxide . ”
I guess it ’s lucky for we mere mortals that there are Science editors who can take all these “ complicated ” ( conflicting ? ) data and simplify them into nice black - and - white “ consensus . ”
Unfortunately , such editors have more work to do , as the number of scientists skeptical of a so - called Global Warming “ consensus ” continues to grow : “ More Than 650 International Scientists Dissent Over Man-Made Global Warming Claims ”
However , luckily for the Global Warming lobby , Obama ’s proposed “ stimulus ” package reportedly includes $ 400 million for NASA scientists to conduct climate change research .
Not exactly a disinterested entity , the head of NASA ’s Goddard Institute for Space Studies is a proponent of a federal carbon tax to redistribute massive amounts of wealth .
The $ 400 million for increased research will presumably provide more “ data ” to further such politicized agendas .
Xu , et al. , Figure 1 , copyright PNAS
A transition series of follicle and feather morphologies is hypothesized to have evolved through a series of stages of increasing complexity in follicle structure and follicular developmental mechanisms ...
The model predicts that the first feather was an undifferentiated cylinder ( stage I ) , which was followed by a tuft of unbranched barbs ( stage II ) .
Subsequently , with the origin of the rachis and barbules , the bipinnate feather evolved ( stage III ) , followed then by the pennaceous feather with a closed vane ( stage IV ) and other structural diversity ( stages Va–f ) .
The model is used to evaluate the developmental plausibility of proposed functional theories of the origin of feathers .
Early feathers ( stages I , II ) could have functioned in communication , defense , thermal insulation , or water repellency .
Feathers could not have had an aerodynamic function until after bipinnate , closed pennaceous feathers ( stage IV ) had evolved .
Birds are the modern day descendants of dinosaurs , or as paleontologist Kevin Padian likes to say , birds are dinosaurs .
But how did birds evolve from grounded , naked reptiles into plumed aviators ?
Evolutionary biologists have been piecing together the details for nearly 40 years , and this month , a major prediction about feather evolution has been vindicated .
Xing Xu and colleagues at the Chinese Academy of Sciences report the discovery of 120 million - year - old primitive fossil feathers , whose structure matches a prediction about the evolution of feathers made 10 years ago .
With this fossil discovery , all major stages of feather evolution predicted by evolutionary biologists have been found in the fossil record .
In 1999 , Richard Prum at the University of Kansas came up with a model of how feathers evolved .
Based on studies of developing feathers in modern birds , Prum argued that we should find five major stages of feather evolution in the fossil record : ( PDF ) We can observe similar structures in bird embryos , which means that each of the major stages Prum laid out is biologically plausible .
And indeed , most of these structures were soon found in the fossil record .
With the exception of the stage I " undifferentiated cylinder " , made up of a single filament , all of the other fossil structures predicted by Prum have been found in dinosaur fossils , which means that feather evolution most likely happened in the way that Prum suggested .
And now stage I feathers , the simple , single filament structures predicted by Prum , have been found in a Chinese fossil of a human - sized Beipiaosaurus
The primitive feathers covered the neck , trunk and forelimbs of this animal .
The dinosaur could not fly , consistent with the idea that feathers evolved for other purposes long before they were used for flight .
The structure of these feathers and their distribution around the body also make them unlikely to have functioned to regulated body temperature ( another potential function for feathers ) .
Xing
Xu and his colleagues suggest that the feathers were likely used for display to attract a mate .
Whatever their function , it is clear that feather evolution is yet one more example of a major theme in evolutionary biology : structures that have one function today frequently began their evolutionary history serving a very different function .
This fossil discovery is an important verification of an evolutionary model , and the find demonstrates the power of evo-devo as a predictive science .
Based on the developmental stages observed in an embryo , we can make predictions about how certain features evolved .
( Note that this is not the same thing as saying an embryo literally recapitulates , or goes through , all previous evolutionary stages - it just means that we can gather clues about evolution by looking at development . )
This is the type of result that makes evolution a well - supported science , but for members of the anti-evolution movement , results like this are n't enough .
No matter how many major intermediate stages and transition fossils biologists find , there is always some other transition , not yet fully documented in the fossil record , that for them proves that evolution is simply a speculative , unsupported theory .
You can see this line of argument in action as intelligent - design advocate David Berlinski tells Eugenie Scott ( of the pro-evolution National Center for Science Education ) that , although we may have excellent fossils for the reptile - to - mammal transition , the lack of insect fossils means evolution is weak ( the exchange starts at about 2:59 in ) : So Berlinski thinks that mammals evolved from reptiles , but insects were created by intelligent design ?
We have great fossil sequences of horse evolution , camel evolution , human evolution , the transition from fish to tetrapods , dinosaurs to birds , reptiles to mammals , land animals to whales , and many others .
Other major transitions are not so well documented in fossils , but does this mean that we should infer design in those cases ?
How about the case of feathers : we have fossil evidence for each of 5 major stages , but are we supposed to believe that in between those stages , the designer came in and mucked around ?
Scientists have documented some amazing evolutionary transitions , and the claim that a lack of transitional fossils puts evolution into question is absurd .
On the anti-evolution view , the intelligent designer gets squeezed into smaller and smaller gaps , always working were scientists have n't yet found fossils .
And it 's true that we 'll probably never find fossils for some evolutionary transitions , since fossilization is so rare .
50 years from now , while the science of paleontology progresses , the advocates of intelligent design will still be pointing whatever gaps remain and insisting that design could have happened there .
Join me tomorrow for day two of Show Me the Science month .
Evolution as a science is alive and well .
Each day I will blog about a paper related to evolution published in 2009 .
Front page image from the Natural History Museum , copyright Andrey Atuchin .
NOW that Bill Clinton has re leased the list of his 205,000 donors who have given close to $ 500 million to his library and foundation , it is clear why he resisted releasing the list while his wife was running for president .
Bubba Sheik - ing the Money Tree
Contractor Gifts Could Put Hillary in Blackwater
Bill ’s Pals Are Hillary ’s Problems
Now , compelled by the Obama transition team to make it public as a condition of his wife ’s appointment as secretary of state , it becomes clear that the list is a virtual encyclopedia of conflicts of interest for the husband of a senator – to say nothing of the husband of an incoming secretary of state .
Particularly troubling are the massive donations from Arab governments in the Middle East .
Pardon us for looking such generous gift horses in the mouth , but it is hard to imagine so many governments , monarchs and businessmen in the Middle East giving money unless it was with some hope of a political return .
Will that return now come with the appointment of Sen. Clinton as secretary of state ?
How can Hillary Rodham Clinton mediate and negotiate conflicts in the Middle East impartially when her husband ’s library and foundation – over which he has total control – have been bankrolled by the very nations with whom she must negotiate ?
The list reveals another key center of conflicts of interest in Kazakhstan , the former Soviet republic , now home to some of the world ’s greatest mineral deposits and ruled by a corrupt dictator , Nursultan Nazarbayev , who , according to The New York Times , has all but quashed political dissent .
Bill Clinton visited Kazakhstan and met with its president on Sept. 6 , 2005 , accompanied by Canadian mining financier Frank Giustra .
Soon after , Giustra was awarded a highly lucrative contract to mine uranium there .
Now , lo and behold , Frank Giustra turns up having given the library and foundation between $ 10 million and $ 25 million and the Clinton Giustra Sustainable Growth Initiative of Canada gave $ 1 million to $ 5 million more .
And Clinton got $ 1 million to $ 5 million from Lakshmi Mittal , the fourth - wealthiest person on the Forbes billionaire list and a member of the Foreign Investment Council in Kazakhstan .
In addition , Clinton further fished in troubled waters by taking $ 1 million to $ 5 million from Victor Pinchuk , the son - in - law of the controversial former president of the Ukraine .
Given the complexities of US policy toward the former Soviet republics in Central Asia , it is hard to see how this massive and incestuous relationship cannot but complicate Hillary ’s independence .
One of the largest donors to the library and foundation was UNITAID , an international organization largely controlled by France , which donated more than $ 25 million .
And the conflicts of interest are not all just foreign .
Corporate bailout recipients and recipient wannabes donated to the Clinton fund .
They include AIG , Lehman , Merrill , the Citi Foundation and General Motors .
And , almost as an afterthought , the list reveals a donation of at least $ 250,000 from Denise Rich , presumably in return for her ex-husband ’s presidential pardon .
How could a US senator possibly serve dispassionately while her husband was collecting money from these donors on this kind of scale ?
And how could we have almost elected a president without realizing these conflicts existed ?
And how on earth can a secretary of state function with these conflicts hanging over her head ?
( CNN ) -- Sen. John McCain said Sunday he would not necessarily support his former running mate if she chose to run for president .
Sen. John McCain and Gov. Sarah Palin embrace after election results were in November 4 .
Speaking to ABC's " This Week , " McCain was asked whether Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin could count on his support .
" I can't say something like that .
We 've got some great other young governors .
I think you 're going to see the governors assume a greater leadership role in our Republican Party , " he said .
He then mentioned governors Tim Pawlenty of Minnesota and Jon Huntsman of Utah .
McCain said he has " the greatest appreciation for Gov. Palin and her family , and it was a great joy to know them . "
" She invigorated our campaign " against Barack Obama for the presidency , he said .
McCain was pressed on why he can't promise support for the woman who , just months ago , he named as the second best person to lead the nation .
" Have no doubt of my admiration and respect for her and my view of her viability , but at this stage , again ... my corpse is still warm , you know ? " he replied .
In his first Sunday political TV appearance since November 4 , McCain also promised to work to build consensus in tackling America 's challenges , and criticized his own party for its latest attack on Obama .
McCain rejected complaints from the Republican National Committee that Obama has not been transparent about his contacts with Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich .
" I think that the Obama campaign should and will give all information necessary , " McCain told ABC's " This Week . "
" You know , in all due respect to the Republican National Committee and anybody -- right now , I think we should try to be working constructively together , not only on an issue such as this , but on the economy , stimulus package , reforms that are necessary . "
McCain 's answer came in response to a question about comments from RNC Chairman Mike Duncan .
The RNC also released an Internet ad last week , titled " Questions Remain , " suggesting Obama is failing to provide important information about potential links between his associates and Blagojevich .
Blagojevich was arrested Tuesday and charged with trying to trade Obama 's Senate seat for campaign contributions and other favors .
" I do n't know all the details of the relationship between President - elect Obama 's campaign or his people and the governor of Illinois , " McCain told ABC .
" But I have some confidence that all the information will come out .
It always does , it seems to me . "
McCain said he , like Obama and many other lawmakers , believes Blagojevich should resign .
Despite the heated nature of the race and attacks both former candidates lobbed at each other , McCain emphasized that he plans to focus on pushing lawmakers past partisan politics .
" I think my job is , of course , to be a part of , and hopefully exert some leadership , in the loyal opposition .
But I emphasize the word loyal , " McCain said .
" We have n't seen economic times like this in my lifetime .
We have n't seen challenges abroad at the level that we are experiencing , certainly since the end of the Cold War , and you could argue in some respects that they 're certainly more complex , many of these challenges .
So let 's have our first priority where we can work together ...
" Will there be areas of disagreement ?
Of course .
We are different parties and different philosophy .
But the nation wants us to unite and work together . "
McCain said he would n't comment on whether he thought he had a good chance of winning the presidency , given the Bush administration and the GOP were perceived to be responsible for the economy 's problems .
McCain said he would " leave that question " for others " to make that kind of judgment . "
He pointed out that his poll numbers dropped along with the Dow .
" That would sound like I am detracting from President - elect Obama 's campaign .
I do n't want to do that ...
Nobody likes a sore loser . "
The key to moving past the stinging defeat , he said , is to , " Get busy and move on .
That 's the best cure for it .
I spent a period of time feeling sorry for myself .
It 's wonderful .
It 's one of the most enjoyable experiences that you can have .
" But the point is : You 've got to move on ...
I 'm still a senator from the state of Arizona .
I still have the privilege and honor of serving this country , which I 've done all my life , and it's a great honor to do so . "
All About John McCain • Barack Obama
Written by : Diana West
" A- matter " is newspaperese for the key facts about an event -- the " top " of the story .
" B - matter , " then , is everything else -- the extraneous color and details that may be cut from the bottom to fit a story to a page without detracting from the import and impact of the news .
In the so - called war on terror ( or whatever it 's known as ) , anything to do with Islam as the inspiration of terror is always an extraneous detail .
Here 's paragraph 12 from a Washington Post story today about Mumbai headlined : " Details Emerge from Sole Arrested Gunman . "
The paragraph begins with a quotation from an interrogator describing the surviving jihadist 's -- sorry , " gunmen 's " -- extensive training .
" He went through different stages of training .
At first , it was the recitation of the Koran and lectures about jihad .
He was being prepared mentally .
Then small - weapons training , " Bharti said in an interview .
" Then came the hard physical , marine training .
At first , Kasab used to vomit .
They were taught how to survive at sea , on ground , and how to control thirst and hunger .
From a batch of about 25 , 10 were handpicked for the Mumbai mission . "
Details , details .
Recitation of the Koran and lectures about jihad = B-matter .
No wonder we 're losing .
A competition to create an application using only 5 K ( 5120 bytes ) of code and resources .
Motivation
5 K is pretty small .
It 's about enough to show an idea .
Working the constraint will require some creative thinking .
With a 5 K app you ain't gonna need it , so you 're forced to really pare down your app to make it just do what it 's meant to do .
It also should n't take long to write a 5 K app , so it 's a great way to try some experimental ideas out .
The Rules
5 K is the total size of the executable app + resources :
The app must consist of a single " executable file " + resources below the size limit .
Where possible resources should be embedded in the " executable file " , but it 's ok to have some of them separate if that makes life easier ( e.g. with html and gifs ) .
The " executable file " may be , for example , a . jar file , .swf , html file ( with embedded Javascript ) , Python , Perl , Ruby or PHP script ( basically whatever makes sense as the " standard " distribution mechanism ) .
The " executable file " must be runnable " as is " , without requiring an installation or decompressing step by the user ( so self - extracting is ok , if the app then runs without further prompting from the user ) .
Obfuscators etc are allowed and may be needed to help reduce compiled code size .
Network access is allowed , but :
You will not load more executable code over the network .
You must disclose all net access .
Your app should not break when no network access is available ( fail gracefully ) .
You may only access servers you do not run ( no writing a webapp that does all the work for your 5 K app ) .
Preferably all network access should use standard APIs ( e.g. Flickr or Twitter APIs ) , though this is not a requirement , so screen - scraping etc is ok .
All resources ( images etc ) count towards the 5 K limit .
You may specify certain ( reasonable ) installation requirements ( e.g. Java/.Net/Firefox/Greasemonkey /Python/Perl/Ruby )
Standard / Vanilla versions of whatever runtime you wish to use should be assumed .
MacOS
X comes with a lot of stuff installed by default , so if in doubt assume that to be fairly " standard " .
Additional " non-standard " libraries may be used , but they will count towards your budget .
You may plead your if you want to use libraries that are " defacto " standards .
No writing libraries that do all the work for your 5 K app .
Browser - based apps must work in at least one major browser - cross - browser compatibility is a bonus not a requirement .
No buying yourself an advantage .
Bending the rules with style will afford you a certain amount of clemency .
Language / Runtime Specific Notes
Java apps should be a single . jar file that may execute either as an applet , application or webstart app .
For the applet and webstart app additional resources may be required ( e.g. html file to embed applet , jnlp file for webstart ) - these resources do n't count to the budget , as long as they are not used to pass additional information to the app .
If they do then they count to the budget .
Effectively they are equivalent to invoking the app on the command line .
Flash apps embedded in html can be considered as similar to Java applets , so similar rules apply ( not a Flash expert , so this may need changing ) .
Flash Crunchers are only allowed if they are a freely available tool .
Otherwise this would give an unfair advantage to those with the money to buy them .
Freely available crunchers or home made crunchers are allowed ( assuming you also make your home made cruncher freely available ) .
Javascript / HTML apps should be contained in a single file .
To keep things clean it is recommended that a build script is used to take separate javascript , html and css and combine them into a single file .
A compressor ( e.g. YUICompressor ) can also be used during this step .
Images may be kept separate though ( as packing binary data into your html file is a bit fiddly ) .
C/C++ etc compile to executables , so that should be fairly obvious .
Python , Perl , Ruby and PHP can be turned into self - extracting scripts to save space ( see notes I have on doing this in Python ) and should take the form of a single file .
Images etc can be left as separate files - unless you fancy getting friendly with base64 .
PHP may assume the presence of mod_php ( seeing as that 's the standard way to run it ) .
Mobile applications are of course acceptable , whether J2ME , Python , Native ( or anything else ) .
For J2ME apps only the jar file counts towards the limit , if a jad file is required for installation it does not count .
Obviously it only has to run on one handset , so do n't worry about porting .
Feel free to be creative - 5 K C64 apps , robot control programs etc .
Just try and stick to the " spirit " of the rules .
Judging
The winner will be determined by a vote ( possibly a preference vote ) at the event .
Ideally the applications will be made publicly available prior to the event for everyone to see .
Applications will also be demoed at the event , so everyone gets a chance to see them in action before voting .
If the number of entrants makes voting at the event impossible we will instead have a period of online voting prior to the event to determine which entrants will be shortlisted for the event .
Voters should judge applications based on their :
Utility / Fun - does the app do something useful or if it's a game is it good fun ?
Awesomeness - does the app achieve something technically impressive within the 5 K budget ?
Applications will be reviewed before hand to ensure they meet the rules .
The 5 K budget is a hard limit .
Your application cannot be entered if it is over budget .
When
The 5 K app judging was held on the 20th of April 2009 at the £ 5 app meet .
For more details see this blog post .
Entry Submission
Put up your entries online somewhere with supporting info ( list of features , screencasts of it in action etc ) , so people can easily get access to the app for judging .
For applications that may not be feasible for all people to run ( e.g. mobile or mac / win specific )
I 'd recommend you do some demo videos / screencasts .
Thay way people can at least see what your app does / looks like if they do n't have the right stuff installed to run it themselves .
Once you have your app online email demo AT fivepoundapp DOT com or else use the google group ( or mail John or Ian directly if you know our addresses ) with details of your app and the URL .
Judging has already taken place
See Also
Example Apps
5KTwit - example app by John ( Twitter client in Java )
5KTODO - another example by John ( Javascript with local storage of TODO items )
5 KEdit - another example by John ( Python Writeroom style text editor )
5 KTuner - another example by John ( Guitar Tuner )
5 KMorse - another example by John ( Morse code using capslock LED )
App Ideas
A few ideas to get people started ( feel free to add some more if you have any spare ) :
Personal / Desktop wiki
Image editor ( Photoshop in 5 K )
Graphical calculator
File encrypter / decrypter ( PGP in 5 K )
P2P app ( hard to beat 15 line P2P app in Python , though no GUI for it )
Library / Cataloguing app
Image effect apps ( e.g. Tilt - shift )
Time - lapse photography app
Stop-motion animation app
Bug - tracker
Wireframe maker
Podcast downloader / aggreagtor
Podcast recording software
Games ( most Java 4 K contests seem to be for games , so see links above )
Apps using data from BBC Backstage
Discussion
The rules are open for amendment / discussion : £ 5 app google group
TEHRAN , Iran ( CNN ) --
A few dozen Iranians threw shoes at posters of U.S. President George W. Bush in Tehran Friday morning , a demonstration of support for an Iraqi journalist jailed for throwing his shoes at President Bush two weeks ago in Baghdad .
A woman throws a training shoe at a caricature poster of President George W. Bush in Tehran on December 26 .
Iran 's Revolutionary Guards Corps sponsored the shoe - throwing events near Tehran University and the U.S. Embassy .
About 70 people stopped to toss their shoes as they walked to Friday prayer meetings on the main campus of Tehran University , according to a journalist on the scene .
Iraqi reporter Muntadhir Al - Zaidi faces trial next week for the December 14 incident in which he threw both of his shoes at Bush , who was standing next to Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al - Maliki at a Green Zone news conference .
Several high - ranking Iranian clerics , members of parliament and other politicians have made statements in support of al - Zaidi , claiming he represented the true feelings of the Iraqi people towards President Bush .
Iranian President Ahmadinejad 's spokesman , Ali Akbar Javanfekr said Friday it was " a natural reaction to the crimes committed by the United States , " Fars News Agency reported .
" Since the Iraqi journalist acted bravely and on the basis of his Islamic faith , the Iranian people and media naturally support him , " Javanfekr said .
Iran 's Revolutionary Guards Corps called al - Zaidi " a brave journalist who , by throwing his shoe at the Great Satan , had committed a heroic act . "
All About Iraq • George W. Bush
“ Imperfect Shadow Maps for Efficient Computation of Indirect Illumination ” by Ritschel et al. , a real - time indirect lighting can be summarized as follows : it solves the visibility problem present in the paper “ Splatting Indirect Illumination ” by Dachsbacher and Stamminger .
The splatting indirect illumination method works by rendering what the authors call a reflective shadow map .
A RSM is a collection of images that capture information of surfaces visible from a light source .
The RSM is then sampled to choose surfaces that will be used as Virtual Point Lights .
Indirect lighting is then calculated as the sum of the direct lighting contribution of these VPLs .
The idea of approximating radiosity with point lights was first described in the paper Instant Radiosity .
In order to light the scene with each VPL , the method performs deferred shading by rendering some proxy geometry that bounds the influence of the light and effectively splats the illumination from that ( indirect ) light onto the scene .
The problem with this method is that the illumination is splatted onto the scene without any information about the visibility of that VPL .
The surface being splatted upon could be completely obscured by an occluder , but would receive the full amount of bounced lighting .
What you would really need here is a shadow map rendered for each VPL .
But in order to get good indirect illumination you need hundreds or thousands of VPLs , which requires hundreds or thousands of shadow maps .
Let ’s face it , that ai n’t happenin ’ in real - time .
First of all , you ’d have to render your scene X number of times , which means you ’d have to limit the complexity of your scene or use some kind of adaptive technique like progressive meshes .
But on top of that you ’d have X number of draw calls , which have their own amount of overhead .
So what Imperfect Shadow Maps does is figure out a way to render hundreds or thousands of shadow maps in one draw call and with dramatically reduced amounts of geometry .
The paper achieves this by rendering 1024 paraboloid shadow maps of a sparse point representation of the scene .
During preprocessing , many points are distributed uniformly across the scene .
Then , n sets of ~8 k points are constructed , where n is the number of VPLs the algorithm will use at run-time .
The number 8 k is not mentioned in the paper but the author stated this number in his SIGGRAPH Asia presentation .
The points in these sets are chosen randomly .
At run-time , each of the n sets of points are rendered to its respective paraboloid depth map .
Ok , you ’re rendering a bunch of sparse points to a low - res ( 128×128 or less ) shadow map .
As you may suspect , it ’s going to look like garbage :
It ’s a Cornell box , ca n’t you tell ?
The authors get clever here and use pull - push upsampling to fill holes between the points , being smart and using some thresholding to make sure they dont fill holes around depth discontinuties .
Anyway , after the holes are filled the shadow maps still kind of look bad :
But it does n’t matter so much because the indirect illumination is smooth and you ’re going to adding the contribution of hundreds of these things at each pixel , so the incorrect visibility of each individual VPL gets smoothed out in the end .
That ’s the basic idea .
The authors present some other cool things in the paper , like how to adaptively choose VPLs from the RSMs , and they also use the trick from “ Non-interleaved Deferred Shading of Interleaved Sample Patterns ” ( talked about here ) and only process a subset of the VPLs at each pixel .
Also , there is a paper that just got accepted to I3D called “ Multiresolution Splatting for Indirect Illumination ” by Nichols and Wyman that is a perfect fit for this paper .
I ’ll probably post a bit about that tomorrow .
Imperfect Shadow Maps for Efficient Computation of Indirect Illumination
Tobias Ritschel , Thorsten Grosch , Min H. Kim , Hans - Peter Seidel , Carsten Dachsbacher , Jan Kautz ACM Trans. on Graphics ( Proceedings SIGGRAPH Asia 2008 ) , 27 ( 5 ) , 2008 .
Splatting indirect illumination
Dachsbacher , C. and Stamminger , M. 2006 .
In Proceedings of the 2006 Symposium on interactive 3D Graphics and Games ( Redwood City , California , March 14 – 17 , 2006 ) .
I3D ’06 .
ACM , New York , NY , 93-100 .
80 + Strange and Fantastic Buildings Architecture
The term Architecture can refer to a process , a profession or documentation .
As a process , architecture is the activity of designing and constructing buildings and other physical structures by a person or a computer , primarily to provide shelter .
As a profession , architecture is the role of those persons or machines providing architectural services .
As documentation , usually based on drawings , architecture defines the structure and / or behavior of a building or any other kind of system that is to be or has been constructed .
In the late 20th century many new concept was included in the compass of both structure and function .
Now days , before performing any action we keeping future in our visions .
same applies in Architecture also .
In the selection below , we present over 80 Strange & Fantastic Buildings Architecture of modern world .
All photographs are linked and lead to the source – the respective photographers .
To restrict the meaning of ( architectural ) formalism to art for art ’s sake is not only reactionary ; it can also be a purposeless quest for perfection or originality which degrades form into a mere instrumentality ” .
Among the philosophies that have influenced modern architects and their approach to building design are rationalism , empiricism , structuralism , poststructuralism , and phenomenology .
On the difference between the ideals of “ architecture ” and mere “ construction ” , the renowned 20th C. architect Le Corbusier wrote : “ You employ stone , wood , and concrete , and with these materials you build houses and palaces : that is construction .
Ingenuity is at work .
But suddenly you touch my heart , you do me good .
I am happy and I say : This is beautiful .
That is Architecture ” .
Please Amaze yourself by go through with all the Buildings Architecture photographs below which are linked and lead to the source photographers .
Also do not forget to explore further works of these talented photographers .
You may be interested in the following related articles as well .
Feel free to join us and you are always welcome to share your thoughts that our readers may find helpful .
Do n’t forget to subscribe to our RSS - feed and follow us on Twitter — for recent updates .
Strange & Fantastic Buildings Architecture
01 . Device to Root Out Evil ( Vancouver , Canada )
02 . The Crooked House ( Sopot , Poland )
03 . Museum of Contemporary Art ( Niteroi , Brazil )
04 . ING Headquarters ( Amsterdam , Netherlands )
05 . Experience Music Project ( Seattle , Washington , USA )
06 . Dancing Building ( Prague , Czech Republic )
07 . Druzhba Holiday Center ( Yalta , Ukraine )
08 . Lotus Temple ( Delhi , India )
09 . Forest Spiral Building ( Darmstadt , Germany )
10 . The Torre Galatea Figueras ( Spain )
11 . Upside Down House ( Szymbark , Poland )
12 . The Basket Building ( Ohio , USA )
13 . The Ufo House ( Sanjhih , Taiwan )
14 . Stone House ( FAFE , Portugal )
15 . Kansas City Public Library ( Missouri , USA )
16 . Stata Center ( Cambridge , Massachusetts , USA )
17 . The Hole House ( Texas , USA )
18 . Ryugyong Hotel ( Pyongyang , North Korea )
19 . Container City ( London , UK )
20 . Erwin Wurm : House Attack ( Viena , Austria )
21 . Solar Furnace ( Odeillo , France )
22 . Nakagin Capsule Tower ( Tokyo , Japan )
23 . Beijing National Stadium ( Beijing , China )
24 . CCTV Tower – China Central Television Headquarters ( Beijing , China )
25 . The Egg ( Empire State Plaza , Albany , New York , USA )
26 . Ripley ’s Building ( Niagara Falls , Ontario , Canada )
27 . Ripley ’s Believe It or Not! ( Niagara Falls , Ontario , Canada )
28 . Fuji television building ( Tokyo , Japan )
29 . Olympic Stadium ( Montreal , Quebec , Canada )
30 . Blur Building ( Yverdon - les - Bainz , Switzerland )
31 . The Puerta de Europa towers ( Madrid , Spain )
32 . Gas Natural headquarters ( Barcelona , Spain )
33 . Wonderworks ( Pigeon Forge , TN , USA )
34 . Habitat 67 ( Montreal , Canada )
35 . Manchester Civil Justice Centre ( Manchester , UK )
36 . Walt Disney Concert Hall ( Los Angeles , California , USA )
37 . Shoe House ( Pennsylvania , USA )
38 . The National Library ( Minsk , Belarus )
39 . Guggenheim Museum ( Bilbao , Spain )
40 . Air Force Academy Chapel ( Colorado , USA )
41 . Fashion Show Mall ( Las Vegas , USA )
42 . Edificio Mirador ( Madrid , Spain )
43 . Luxor Hotel & Casino ( Las Vegas , USA )
44 . Grand Lisboa ( Macau , China )
45 . Dome House ( Florida , USA )
46 . Gherkin Building ( London , UK )
47 . Tempe Municipal Building ( Tempe , Arizona , USA )
48 . National Architects Union Headquarters ( Romania )
49 . Cubic Houses ( Rotterdam , Netherlands )
50 . Nord LB building ( Hannover , Germany )
51 . Turning Torso ( Malmö , Sweden )
52 . Lloyd ’s building ( London , UK )
53 . Wozoco Apartments ( Amsterdam , Holland )
54 . UCSD Geisel Library ( San Diego , California , USA )
55 . Chapel in the Rock ( Arizona , USA )
56 . Atomium ( Brussels , Belgium )
57 . Great arche of defense ( Paris , France )
58 . Ferdinand Cheval Palace ( France )
59 . Cathedral of Brasilia ( Brazil )
60 . Errante Guest House ( Chile )
61 . The Museum of Play ( Rochester , USA )
62 . Jumeirah Emirates Towers ( Dubai , UAE )
63 . Burj al Arab ( Dubai , UAE )
64 . Raffles Dubai in Wafi city ( Dubai , UAE )
65 . National centre for the performing arts ( Beijing , China )
66 . Digital Beijing ( Beijing , China )
67 . Water Cube ( Beijing , China )
68 . Atlantis ( Dubai , UAE )
69 . Nordpark Cable Railway ( Innsbruck , Austria )
70 . The Valencia Opera House ( Valencia , Spain )
71 . Water Tower ( Zaragoza )
72 . Pabellon de Aragon ( Zaragoza )
73 . Eden project ( United Kingdom )
74 . Royal Ontario Museum Expansion ( Toronto , Canada )
75 . John Curtin School of Medical Research ( Australia )
76 . Museum of Modern and Contemporary Art ( Nice , France )
77 . Kunsthaus ( Graz , Austria )
78 . State Department for Traffic ( Tbilis , Georgia )
79 . Tenerife Concert Hall ( Canary Islands , Spain )
80 . Berlin Zeiss Planetarium ( Berlin , Germany )
81 . Montreal Biosphère ( Canada )
82 . Esplanade Theatres , Singapore
83 . La Pedrera ( Barcelona , Spain )
84 . National Congress Building ( Brazil )
Continue Reading Part II >>
Resource Link Worth Mentioning
Find Something Missing ?
While compiling this list , it ’s always a possibility that we missed some other great Architecture .
Feel free to share it with us .
I ruffled a few feathers with my recent post The Software Product Myth .
The unrest surrounded my statement that making $ 2500 / month from your software product would n’t allow you to quit your day job .
The comments here and on a few social bookmarking sites mentioned that you could quit your day job if you wanted to , and that you could live on $ 2500 / month just fine in many cities in the world ( although in my hypothetical situation I was speaking about a developer based in the hypothetical U.S. ) .
We could get into a discussion about how much developers make , and how many costs you will take on by quitting your day job , but it ’s completely irrelevant .
The Point
The point of The Software Product Myth is that at some point you are going to have too few sales to support yourself monetarily , yet too much work to fit comfortably into your evenings and weekends .
Whether your number is $ 1000 / month , $ 1500 / month , or $ 5000 / month has zero bearing on that point … what matters is that building a product is a lot more difficult than most people make it out to be .
With that said , one of the helpful points that came out of the discussion is how many expenses you encounter when starting a company that you never knew existed .
Remember that line item on your paycheck that said something about retirement matching ?
Or the disability insurance your company offers that you never knew they paid for ?
Yeah , those are going to hurt .
You can go without these expenses for a short time while in startup mode , but if you plan to build a company that ’s sustainable in the long - run you ’re going to need to cover these expenses before you think about collecting a salary .
The Expenses
In putting together this list I looked through some of my old posts and also scanned my recent bank and credit card statements .
I ’m amazed at how many business costs I pay throughout the course of a year .
Depending on your country of residency these may not apply to you ( people with national health care – consider yourself lucky ! ) , but most of them apply in one form or another throughout the world .
In addition , it is unlikely you will need every one of these expenses , but the intent is to be as close to an all - encompassing list as possible .
Core Business Expenses
Business Filing Fees –
This includes your business license , fictitious name statement , and reseller license fees ( if applicable ) .
They tend be paid annually and vary widely , but for a sole proprietorship ( in the U.S. ) you ’re looking at around $ 100 / year .
L.L.C.s and Corporations range from a few hundred dollars into the thousands .
– This includes your business license , fictitious name statement , and reseller license fees ( if applicable ) .
They tend be paid annually and vary widely , but for a sole proprietorship ( in the U.S. ) you ’re looking at around $ 100 / year .
L.L.C.s and Corporations range from a few hundred dollars into the thousands .
Accountant – Business taxes , especially if you have a home office , are easy to get wrong .
As I said in The Five Minute Guide to Becoming a Freelance Software Developer , an accountant is not an optional expense .
Costs range from $ 300 - $ 1000 per year .
– Business taxes , especially if you have a home office , are easy to get wrong .
As I said in The Five Minute Guide to Becoming a Freelance Software Developer , an accountant is not an optional expense .
Costs range from $ 300 - $ 1000 per year .
Lawyer – Lawyers I ’ve worked with run $ 150 / hour and up .
If you want contracts that will hold up in court you ’re going to drop serious coin with our friends in the legal profession .
– Lawyers I ’ve worked with run $ 150 / hour and up .
If you want contracts that will hold up in court you ’re going to drop serious coin with our friends in the legal profession .
Liability / E & O Insurance – Varies widely , typically from $ 1500 - $ 2500 / year .
– Varies widely , typically from $ 1500 - $ 2500 / year .
Health Insurance – In the U.S. , decent insurance for a family of three is now hovering around $ 800 / month .
It ’s less if you ’re single .
– In the U.S. , decent insurance for a family of three is now hovering around $ 800 / month .
It ’s less if you ’re single .
Disability Insurance –
It varies , but typically runs $ 250 - 500 / month in the U.S.
You may think this is optional , but consider that during any given year you are 4 x more likely to become disabled than to die .
– It varies , but typically runs $ 250 - 500 / month in the U.S.
You may think this is optional , but consider that during any given year you are 4 x more likely to become disabled than to die .
Life Insurance – While you probably do n’t need it if you do n’t have a family , it ’s a good idea to have if you ’re married ( and I would argue a requirement if you have children ) .
If you ’re young and go with term life insurance you ’ll pay $ 10 - 20 / month , but as you age that will increase dramatically into the hundreds .
– While you probably do n’t need it if you do n’t have a family , it ’s a good idea to have if you ’re married ( and I would argue a requirement if you have children ) .
If you ’re young and go with term life insurance you ’ll pay $ 10 - 20 / month , but as you age that will increase dramatically into the hundreds .
The “ Employer ” portion of Social Security ( FICA ) and Medicare – Often called the “ self - employment tax , ” it eats up an additional 7.65 % of your gross income if you ’re self - employed ( since your employer usually picks up this portion ) .
– Often called the “ self - employment tax , ” it eats up an additional 7.65 % of your gross income if you ’re self - employed ( since your employer usually picks up this portion ) .
Retirement – Save for a rainy day .
No one ’s matching your 401 ( k ) anymore , and you should be putting away at least 10 % of what you make .
Technical Expenses
A few of these apply only to companies that build software , but most apply across the board .
Issue Tracking –
You can go open source and save money , but you may lose it eventually in the time you spend maintaining and upgrading it .
I ’ve always used SaaS issue trackers like FogBugz or Github issues .
– You can go open source and save money , but you may lose it eventually in the time you spend maintaining and upgrading it .
I ’ve always used SaaS issue trackers like FogBugz or Github issues .
Advertisin g –
This will vary widely , but a decent Adwords budget will run $ 100 - 600 / month ( though it should be paying for itself ) .
– This will vary widely , but a decent Adwords budget will run $ 100 - 600 / month ( though it should be paying for itself ) .
Graphic Design –
Here ’s another danger zone where developers cost themselves money by trying to design their own graphics .
Please , I beg you , pay someone to design your web site .
– Here ’s another danger zone where developers cost themselves money by trying to design their own graphics .
Please , I beg you , pay someone to design your web site .
Phone – $ 50 - 100 / month for your mobile .
– $ 50 - 100 / month for your mobile .
Internet – $ 20 - 120 / month depending on speed .
– $ 20 - 120 / month depending on speed .
Fax Service or Fax Machine –
It seems like it should be brought into the back yard and shot , but I still send a couple faxes each month .
e Fax will run you $ 14 / month ( annual plan ) or if you have a land line you can fork over $ 50 for a fax machine ( or buy a multi- function printer ) .
– It seems like it should be brought into the back yard and shot , but I still send a couple faxes each month .
e Fax will run you $ 14 / month ( annual plan ) or if you have a land line you can fork over $ 50 for a fax machine ( or buy a multi- function printer ) .
Printer – A color laser will run you $ 200 - 400 these days .
If you ’re fine going old - school you can get a B &W laser for around $ 80 .
Either way , the toner is what kills you .
Set aside $ 50 - 150 / year for toner and paper .
– A color laser will run you $ 200 - 400 these days .
If you ’re fine going old - school you can get a B &W laser for around $ 80 .
Either way , the toner is what kills you .
Set aside $ 50 - 150 / year for toner and paper .
Computer –
If you ’re writing software you ’re probably upgrading your PC every 2 - 3 years .
Figure $ 1,500 for a new laptop , $ 700 for a desktop , give or take a few hundred .
– If you ’re writing software you ’re probably upgrading your PC every 2 - 3 years .
Figure $ 1,500 for a new laptop , $ 700 for a desktop , give or take a few hundred .
Software –
If you ’re one of those smart Ruby or PHP developers then most of your tools are free .
If you work with .NET be prepared to pay $ 1000 - 2000 for an MSDN subscription .
Based on the above , you can probably see how $ 2500 / month is n’t going to keep you in the lifestyle you ’re accustomed to …it ’ll barely keep the doors open .
It is now also quicker to get to Brussels , and no wonder so many of us actually enjoy travelling on the continent – Germany ’s trains are relatively dear but super - reliable and very clean , France ’s are a bit dirtier but cheap and never late , while travelling in Italy is so inexpensive it ’s like going back to the 1950s .
In contrast , when I see foreigners get on our trains their faces have usually gone pale and their hands are shaking , like they ’ve been mugged .
They sit there looking at their newly bought tickets and change , wondering if they ’ve got the right exchange rate or if they ’ve accidentally booked a first class return to Fort William .
LONDON ( Reuters ) -
The financial crisis caught up with Kirk Kerkorian , Robert Tchenguiz and Adolf Merckle in the last days of 2008 , denting their reputations for being among the world ’s savviest , not merely richest , investors .
Billionaire investor Kirk Kerkorian leaves the Roybal Federal Building in Los Angeles August 20 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Mario Anzuoni
Ultra -wealthy people such as the three men -- a 91 - year old U.S. billionaire , a jet - setting London property tycoon and a media - shy German industrialist -- are often thought to be at the vanguard of financial innovation , private bankers say .
“ They ’re losing big money and their wealth is disappearing quickly , ” said David Giampaolo , Chief Executive of Pi Capital , a London - based private equity investment boutique .
Rich investors often held large positions in specific companies or stocks , he said , and they had also often borrowed large amounts of money to boost returns .
“ At the time it did n’t look irresponsible ( but ) now they ’ve had double , triple whammy problems , ” he said .
Hedge funds , still dominated by private investors , are among the players worst hit by the credit crunch , with some analysts predicting their assets will shrink by as much as 80 percent .
And the scandal around U.S. financier Bernard Madoff -- accused of defrauding rich clients and charities of $ 50 billion -- is another example of how the very wealthy are not immune to the financial turmoil .
Kerkorian , best known for his ties to the ailing U.S. car industry , this week said he had sold off his remaining shares in Ford Motor Co F.N , completing a retreat that cost him hundreds of millions of dollars .
Since October , the activist investor has been cutting his losses on a $ 1 billion investment in Ford that had lost most of its value , capping a two - year period during which he was involved with all three Detroit - based car companies .
Forbes magazine , which tracks the world ’s richest people , puts Kerkorian ’s worth at $ 11.2 billion from investments in casinos and other businesses .
His losses made him one of the poorest performers on this year ’s list , it said .
Iranian - born Tchenguiz draws most attention through newspapers citing his jet - set lifestyle , including an expensive house in an upmarket London district and a sumptuous Louis XIV - style party he is reported to have thrown for his 40th birthday .
His Globe Tenanted Pub Co Ltd , which runs 424 leased pubs across the United Kingdom , said this week it would appoint an external adviser , after narrowly breaching its debt covenants -- early warning signs of financial trouble .
And business publication The Estates Gazette in October said Tchenguiz had dropped off its list of the 500 wealthiest people in UK property after losing 1 billion pounds ( $ 1.45 billion ) when Icelandic bank Kaupthing collapsed .
Germany 's Merckle , ranked by Forbes among the world 's 100 richest people , was caught out by wrong - way bets on shares in Volkswagen AG VOWG.DE , incurring massive losses .
His investment vehicle VEM Vermoegensverwaltung said on Wednesday it would sign an agreement to obtain a bridge loan from banks as it worked on refinancing the group .
Banking sources have told Reuters that Merckle ’s losses were estimated at 400 million euros , forcing Merckle to hold talks on state guarantees from regional governments , although he ultimately opted out of such financing .
But Sebastian Dovey , whose company advises private banks as well as wealthy individuals , still sees a glimmer of hope .
“ There is a certain ghoulish interest in covering savage drops in fortunes among other billionaires , ” said Dovey , a partner at consultancy Scorpio Partnership .
“ Time will tell if these individuals have the skill for wealth re-creation .
Most , we suspect , will , ” he said .
" The courts in every case should do their job and that job is to give a fair trial and not simply to convict .
We do not see why a court with a jury should be less well equipped to handle a terrorism case than any other . "
Start - Up Claims it Can Halve the Cost of Residential Solar
January 7th , 2009 by Ariel Schwartz
One of the major barriers for anyone looking into a residential solar system is the hefty price tag , but a start - up called Solar Red claims it can halve the cost of residential systems .
The company ’s major product is a solar panel mounting system that uses brackets to weave in with roof shingles .
These can be installed during construction or retrofitted .
After the brackets are installed , the solar panels quickly snap into place .
Since the brackets are so cheap to manufacture , Solar Red claims its solar system only adds $ 825 in costs to a new roof .
As new solar technology comes along , solar panels can be removed within minutes and replacements can be placed on the brackets .
So , what ’s the actual cost difference between traditional solar and Solar Red ?
A typical 5 kW residential system costs about $ 42,000 .
With tax credit and incentives , that drops to $ 19,000 .
Solar Red ’s system costs approximately $ 32,000 , but credits and incentives lower the price to only $ 10,000 .
That may not be affordable to many people , but it ’s certainly more attractive than a $ 19,000 investment .
Solar Red is in the process of emerging from stealth mode , so more details will be reported as they become available .
Companies and homeowners are finding more and more ways to cut residential solar power costs .
This system looks like a promising one further helping to make solar power more affordable .
Photo Credit : NREL
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
An international shipping expert has warned against US calls for armed guards to be posted on merchant ships threatened by pirate attacks in waters off the Horn of Africa .
Somali - based pirates have hijacked the giant Sirius Star supertanker , which is carrying $ US100 million of oil , and are understood to be negotiating a ransom with the ship 's Saudi owners .
This morning came reports that a Hong Kong - registered cargo ship carrying 36,000 tonnes of wheat had also been hijacked off the coast of Yemen .
Peter Hinchcliffe is marine director with the International Chamber of Shipping , which represents ship owners worldwide , including in Australia .
Speaking to Radio National this morning , he cautioned against calls by the US military to arm crews on international freighters .
" We have very a serious concern about that proposal , there are problems to arming the crew , " he said .
" First of all we think that to put arms on board , even with trained armed guards , is not a good thing to do , because that is going to increase the potential heat and damage out of a firefight .
" So we 're not in favour for that reason , but there are more fundamental reasons .
" Firstly that some flag states do not allow ships flying their flag to carry small arms on board .
" And even more serious from a commercial point of view , some port states will not allow the ships into their ports if there are small arms on board .
" Our view is that this is an issue of protection of global trade and that it is for governments to put in place protective measures to keep the ships protected . "
Mr Hinchcliffe said his organisation was advising captains to keep a " much greater distance " off shore in the danger area .
" We will advise them to put extra lookouts , which they do anyway in areas of risk , and to adopt a defensive posture much further off the shore that we have been doing .
" Because this really is a departure in what has been the norm in these appalling attacks . "
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - A Muslim family that was ordered off an AirTran Airways flight on New Year ’s Day received an apology and refund on Friday from the airline , which said its decision to bar the passengers was necessary .
Atif Irfan said in an interview with CNN that federal authorities removed him , seven family members and a friend from the flight after passengers overheard members of the group talking about the safest place to sit on the plane .
He said they were being careful to avoid any “ buzzwords ” like “ bomb ” that would trigger a security alert .
The group was flying out of Reagan Washington National Airport and was headed for a religious retreat in Florida when other passengers apparently overheard the conversation and reported it to authorities .
AirTran , a subsidiary of AirTran Holdings Inc. , issued a statement apologizing to the nine and the other passengers who were inconvenienced by the incident .
It said the airfare of the nine was refunded and other passengers would be reimbursed for expenses incurred by taking other flights .
“ We apologize to all of the passengers -- to the nine who had to undergo extensive interviews from the authorities , and to the 95 who ultimately made the flight , ” the discount airline said in a statement .
“ While ultimately this issue proved to be a misunderstanding , the steps taken were necessary , ” it said .
An earlier AirTran statement said the airline complied with all Transportation Security Administration and Homeland Security directives and had no discretion in the case .
All 104 passengers aboard the flight were taken off and rescreened and their baggage was checked again , AirTran said .
Of the nine passengers in the group , six asked to be rebooked to Florida , AirTran said .
The Washington - based Council on American - Islamic Relations said it filed a complaint on Friday with the U.S. Department of Transportation .
The Islamic civil rights group said in a statement it was working with the Muslim passengers and the airline to address the civil liberties issues related to the incident .
“ We believe this disturbing incident would never have occurred had the Muslim passengers removed from the plane not been perceived by other travelers and airline personnel as members of the Islamic faith , ” the group said in its complaint .
Kashif Irfan , Atif ’s brother , told The Washington Post he thought the group , all but one of them U.S. - born citizens , were profiled because of their appearance .
He said five of the six adults in the group are of South Asian descent , and all six are traditionally Muslim in appearance , with the men wearing beards and the women in headscarves .
Kashif Irfan , 34 , is an anesthesiologist , and his brother Atif , 29 , is a lawyer , the Post reported .
Both live in Alexandria , Virginia .
Atif Irfan told CNN U.S. law enforcement officials treated the group with kindness but the family is upset that the airline did not allow the group to reboard the plane or rebook a flight after they had been cleared of any wrongdoing .
The Post reported the group booked a flight on US Airways after the incident .
When do you know when you 've taken your love for an inanimate piece of consumer electronics just a bit too far ?
It 's when your hushed tones of reverence make you sound like this guy .
Advertisement
[ via Offworld ]
The New Year was so young it was barely on solids when the words reached us .
And they were not just any old words .
These were buzzwords – words so trendy they squeaked ; expressions so full of sociological meaning they hurt your eyes when you read them : micro-boredom , digital diet , energy dashboards , negawatts , geo- fencing , GRIN Tech , instapreneur , and many more .
They were in a chart produced by Future Exploration Network , trend - spotters to American cutting edgistas ( our own feeble attempt at buzz - word coinage ) .
A few were faintly familiar ; most were new ; all threaten to represent trends that are the very height of zeitgeist .
Intrigued , we went in search of more upcoming words and phrases .
The result is this , the IoS 2009 Buzzword Glossary .
Personal
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Co-rumination : Excessive chattering about problems , real and imagined .
Leads to the amplification of real anxieties , and creation of new ones .
Has increased markedly in recent years , as email , messaging , texting , and Facebook have given the self - obsessed a multitude of outlets .
Junior moment : Flip - side of a senior moment .
Can be committed by adults , with a sudden lapse into immaturity ; or by youth , displaying the lack of thoughtfulness , sense or self - preservation we oldies associate with them .
Extended financial families : Several generations of the same family living in one home .
Love and devotion might be the glue that keeps them together , but it 's more likely to be the need for care or child minding , with the added benefit of cash savings .
Micro-boredom :
What we used to call downtime , now increasingly filled by fiddling with mobiles or BlackBerrys .
Those who market these devices , or the services they use , see it as an opportunity to sell us something .
Potential victims of this can be recognised by their adoption of the :
BlackBerry prayer :
The hunched - over , self - absorbed pose adopted by those fingering their Blackberry , or texting on their mobile .
Often accompanied by facial expressions to match tenor of the message being sent .
Digi -necker : Driver who , when passing a road accident , whips out their mobile and takes a picture .
Environment
Nano - solar : Sunshine absorbers that do n't need expensive , silicon - using panels , but use a thin film of solar cells that can be applied to any inorganic surface – windows , roof tiles , even metal .
The predicted effect is that the cost of solar power will be reduced to a third of the cost of coal .
Energy dashboards : Control panels that monitor performance of your heat , light , and power use , in the same way a conventional one does for your car .
Will be net - enabled so you can see what energy you 're using , and at what cost , and come into their own when you have full device convergence , and you can talk to your appliances , and they can ' talk ' back to you , and to the power source .
Negawatts : Latest word for energy efficiency , coined by the public utility commission of California .
Greenies also use the term fifth fuel .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
Edible estates : Phrase coined by US campaigner Fritz Haeg for digging up your lawn and growing in its place something you can eat .
After all , we did it in the war , when the Dig For Victory campaign increased the land used for food production by 80 per cent .
For examples , see any traditional cottage garden , or back yards in Switzerland , Italy , France , Germany – where grass is for sport or ruminants , not something to be made a fetish of .
Eco-embedded :
The idea that business and government adopts eco-friendly practices that leave the consumer no choice .
A ban on plastic shopping bags , for instance , or other plastic - free zones ( such as a shopping centre in Balgowlah , New South Wales ) , carbon emission laws , or ' green ' credit cards where consumers pay a little extra to offset the carbon cost of their purchase .
Technology
Geo-fencing :
What you do when , via a GPS system or mobile phone , you set a physical boundary to where someone can roam .
If they exceed it , you get a warning .
Used by delivery companies to be notified when drivers stray off designated routes ( which sounds Big Brotherish , but could also alert a firm to a hijack ) .
There are also geo - fencing services that can track your child 's mobile , sending you a message if they deviate from their usual haunts .
Cloud computing :
Use of the huge capacity of corporate computers by individuals or small businesses .
Corporates have sophisticated software , and you have broadband that lets you connect with this computer ' cloud ' floating above you .
In other words , software will not be something you buy , but rent and access .
Telepresence : Fancy word for video conferencing .
A few firms now have special rooms where life - sized images of off - site participants allow a meeting that satisfies every sense except that of touch .
Not to be confused with teleporting , which only happens in sci-fi movies .
GRIN Tech : Genetic , Robotic , Information and Nano Technology .
Mostly it means those breakthroughs which have yet to find a practical , cost - effective application .
But , we 're told , they 're coming .
Er , probably .
Consumer
Austerity 2.0 : What we 're all about to experience in 2009 , if those dubious think - tank predictions come to pass .
Flexenomics :
Our word for the economy growing up to support the need , in times of far greater uncertainty , for people to keep their spending and consuming flexible .
More of us will rent homes , white goods , TVs and entertainment systems , or lease cars .
It also covers contract working , and reduction of all but essential financial commitments – which will help relieve that already established condition : debt stress .
Brickor mortis : Property market where few homes are being sold .
Upcycling : Recycling disposes of things that might ( repeat , might ) be reconstituted rather than left to rot ; upcycling gives objects a new use .
Its American advocates cite an example of chair cushions made out of old ties , which does n't bode well .
For examples of less frightening upcycling , visit etsy.com .
The concept is popular with Imbys , who favour anything local , until , of course , it threatens their space and privacy , whereupon they become the far more familiar Nimbys .
Staycation : A vacation without the travelling .
Or the expense .
Or the tan .
Enoughism :
The creed that holds that we over - consume , amass far too much " stuff " that only ever provides a fleeting pleasure , and ought to cry " Enough ! " .
Experts like John Naish and Oliver James argue this incessant acquisitiveness leads to dissatisfaction that can develop into mental illness .
Been around for a while , but fast gaining currency .
Unplugging : Technological wing of the above , where someone realises that the time they spend online , on the mobile , curating the Facebook page , etc , is no substitute for living .
So they put themselves on a digital diet , and possibly even cultivate an interest in things without keypads .
Like other people .
What we all need , probably , are more islands of tranquillity , or thinking time , as it used to be known .
Business
Instapreneur : Instant entrepreneurship , via online shops and selling services , allow anyone with something to sell – even a design or idea – to go into business right now .
The online service takes a rake - off , but the instapreneur does not even have to invest the financial , or time , cost of making or buying stock .
Via lightningsource.com , you can even submit a book manuscript to Amazon.com and start taking orders almost immediately .
There are also sites for T - shirt designers ( spreadshirt.com ) , and much more .
Crowdfunding : Financing of ventures or projects by a number of individuals brought together , usually via the net .
Disaster relief funds are a form of crowdfunding , and this old concept is now being used in new ways , especially in the US .
Examples include ArtistShare , where musicians can raise cash via online micropayments ( four years ago Maria Schneider became the first ArtistShare beneficiary to win a Grammy ) ; BeerBankroll , a brewer managed by its online community ( membership as low as $ 50 ) ; and greedyorneedy.com , which allows people to submit a need or wish , with participants then voting which ones get the donated cash .
Pinkwashing :
The dark art favoured by certain companies ( you know who you are ) of using ostentatious support for breast cancer research to promote your products or services .
Perkonomics : Small add - on benefits offered to you by firms to get or retain your business .
Examples include fast - track guarantees for theme parks or car hire , and mobile network Orange giving users access to concert tickets 48 hours before they go on general sale .
And finally ...
If buzzwords enrage you , then write a book about it .
You will thus contribute to the rising tide of books about things that make the author angry , known , of course , as Wrath Lit .
There is , it seems , a buzzword for everything .
After falsely accusing London based entertainer Tania Zaetta for having sex with elite special forces soldiers while on a concert military tour , Australia ’s military chief has apologized .
The allegations were made after the entertainer performed for troops at an Afghanistan military base .
Chief Marshall Angus Houston met with the 38 year old entertainer and her family on Tuesday and it was then that he apologized for naming her in the baseless defense briefing note .
The note was later leaked to the media and Zaetta ’s face appeared on the cover of several tabloid magazines .
In a statement made by Houston he said : “ There was no substance to the allegations . ”
“ Ms. Zaetta gave her time and her talent to entertain our forces serving in Afghanistan and she deserves our praise and our thanks .
I have also made clear to Ms Zaetta that she is welcome to again join a Forces Entertainment Tour in the near future . ”
Australia ’s defense department and the entertainer reached an agreement last year in which she was compensated for “ an unacceptable breach of privacy ” in relation to “ false allegations . ”
related articles :
Posted by : BBParks
Utilizing plastic storage bins in your house is a fantastic way to organize your stuff and also tidy up clutter at a reasonably low cost .
There are a great number of usages for these containers , people make use of these plastic containers to save clothing ; shoes ; products set aside for reusing ; mass foods ; offseason bed linens blankets , flannel sheets ; holiday / seasonal designs ; business files / old tax returns ; tapes / CD / DVD ; children toys or packed animals ; leisure activity as well as craft products ; organizing the mess in the bed linen storage room or under the restroom sink ; horticulture devices ; and also the listing utilizes goes on and on .
Plastic storage containers are marketed online at various internet sites , they are also marketed in lots of stores outlet store , equipment shops , as well as craft shops as well as are made by several various producers .
The can be found in numerous sizes , shapes , designs , and also colors .
They are really durable , reusable , and last for many years .
Best Senbowe lidded bins been available in lots of dimensions for instance , shoebox dimension to a several gallon dimension ; several forms for instance a long , level style that will certainly fit under a bed to conserve space ; and also cover designs as an example , break shut or lockable , and also some styles have wheels .
If you are placing bins in your child ’s room for toy storage space , since the containers come in a large variety of shades , you will certainly be able to buy a bin the will match the space design .
Many individuals acquire a various color bins for each and every family member .
So when relocating or things are shop in or out of the house the shade of the container is designated to a member of the family .
Other people take advantage of the colors to color code for saving holiday / seasonal products .
For example , an orange container can be utilized to store Halloween decorations .
A red or environment - friendly container can be utilized to keep Christmas designs or wrapping paper .
A blue container can be made use of for saving 4th of July designs , as well as well you understand .
As you can see color coding makes it very easy to establish what is in each container with these techniques .
These bins work great for saving handbags , footwear , or belts in your storage room .
Making use of bins is likewise a terrific choice if living in dormitory or a studio apartment that lacks dresser or wardrobe room .
A number of these bins are stackable in order to conserve space .
The containers that are stackable will have an added lip on the lid to prevent stacked boxes from sliding off each various other .
Because these containers are made from plastic they are water resistant and closed , so if containers are stored in basement , outside , or in locations that may accumulate water the components stay safe as well as completely dry .
By keeping products in plastic containers , you do not have a problem with mildew , mold and mildew , or computer mice harming the contents .
Masters of the Website
At Image Management , we create website designs and online marketing campaigns , such as Google Ads , utilizing the latest website design & SEO trends .
We develop website designs for large corporations , B2B / B2C businesses , and non-profit organizations throughout the United States .
Many of our website design clients are based in Southeastern Wisconsin and Northern Illinois , including Milwaukee , Racine , Kenosha , & Chicago .
Let ’s develop your website design today !
Meet Our Team
" ﻿
My name is Viva and I am a nurse .
It ’s a lot of bending , a lot of stretching .
I ’m up and down the stairs a lot .
Long hours – 12 hours on your feet ...
Since I ’ve tried the Genie Bra , I do n’t feel any of that pinching and that digging .
It ’s no cutting into your skin .
Underneath , there ’s no wire , and that is , like , phenomenal . "
MADISON —
By mixing and matching a contemporary flu virus with the " Spanish flu " — a virus that killed between 20 and 50 million people 90 years ago in history 's most devastating outbreak of infectious disease — researchers have identified a set of three genes that helped underpin the extraordinary virulence of the 1918 virus .
Writing today in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , a team led by University of Wisconsin - Madison virologists Yoshihiro Kawaoka and Tokiko Watanabe identifies genes that gave the 1918 virus the capacity to reproduce in lung tissue , a hallmark of the pathogen that claimed more lives than all the battles of World War I combined .
" Conventional flu viruses replicate mainly in the upper respiratory tract : the mouth , nose and throat .
The 1918 virus replicates in the upper respiratory tract , but also in the lungs , " causing primary pneumonia among its victims , says Kawaoka , an internationally recognized expert on influenza and a professor of pathobiological sciences in the UW - Madison School of Veterinary Medicine .
" We wanted to know why the 1918 flu caused severe pneumonia . "
Autopsies of 1918 flu victims often revealed fluid - filled lungs severely damaged by massive hemorrhaging .
Scientists assumed that the ability of the virus to take over the lungs is associated with the pathogen's high level of virulence , but the genes that conferred that ability were unknown .
Discovery of the complex and its role in orchestrating infection in the lungs is important because it could provide a way to quickly identify the potential virulence factors in new pandemic strains of influenza , Kawaoka says .
The complex could also become a target for a new class of antiviral drugs , which is urgently needed as vaccines are unlikely to be produced fast enough at the outset of a pandemic to blunt its spread .
To find the gene or genes that enabled the virus to invade the lungs , Kawaoka and his group blended genetic elements from the 1918 flu virus with those of a currently circulating avian influenza virus and tested the variants on ferrets , an animal that mimics human flu infection .
For the most part , substituting single genes from the 1918 virus onto the template of a much more benign contemporary virus yielded agents that could only replicate in the upper respiratory tract .
One exception , however , included a complex of three genes that , acting in concert with another key gene , allowed the virus to efficiently colonize lung cells and make RNA polymerase , a protein necessary for the virus to reproduce .
" The RNA polymerase is used to make new copies of the virus , " Kawaoka explains .
Without the protein , the virus is unable to make new virus particles and spread infection to nearby cells .
In the late 1990s , scientists were able to recover genes from the 1918 virus by looking in the preserved lung tissue of some of the pandemic 's victims .
Using the relic genes , Kawaoka 's group was able to generate viruses that carry different combinations of the 1918 virus and modern seasonal influenza virus .
When tested , most of the hybrid viruses only infected the nasal passages of ferrets and did n't cause pneumonia .
But one did infect the lungs , and it carried the RNA polymerase genes from the 1918 virus that allowed the virus to make the key step of synthesizing its proteins .
In 2004 , Kawaoka and his team identified another key gene from the 1918 virus that enhanced the pathogen 's virulence in mice .
That gene makes hemagglutinin , a protein found on the surface of the virus and that confers on viral particles the ability to attach to host cells .
" Here , I think we are talking about another mechanism , " Kawaoka says .
The RNA polymerase is used to make copies of the virus once it has entered a host cell .
The role of hemagglutinin is to help the virus gain access to cells .
Source : University of Wisconsin- Madison
Over 30 Must - Have Open Source Resources
by Ostatic Staff - Feb. 09 , 2009
Related Blog Posts
Periodically , we here at OStatic like to round up our ongoing collections of open source resources , tutorials , reviews and project walkthroughs .
These educational tools are a central part of the goal here at the site .
We regularly round up the best Firefox extensions , free online books on open source topics , free tools for web developers , resources for online video and audio , Linux tutorials , and much more .
In this post , you 'll find more than 30 collections and resources .
Hopefully , there is something right up your alley here , and the good news is that everything you 'll find is free .
The iMacros Firefox extension is incredibly powerful -- an application unto itself , disguised as a Firefox extension .
It lets you record macros that you can play back at any time , and the process is about as easy as using a VCR .
In this post , you 'll find a collection of screenshots that function as a guided tour to using iMacros , including how to use Super Bookmarks -- macros that sit right on your Bookmarks menu in the browser , capable of executing task - based scripts of any complexity - - or elegant simplicity - - you choose .
Several readers have gotten this running in minutes and written in with imaginative , time - saving applications for iMacros .
OStatic 's Firefox Superguide has been one of our most popular posts .
It collects more than 100 ways to get more out of the Firefox browser , including screenshot driven tutorials , and a collection of the very best extensions for Firefox .
Keir Thomas , a noted Linux author , has made available a free book online : Ubuntu Pocket Guide and Reference .
It 's very good , and has already been downloaded over 150,000 times .
It used to be that open source video tools were scarce and often fraught with problems -- but no more .
In this post , we recommend eight top - notch tools for video playback and encoding , ranging from the very flexible SMPlayer , which lets you add subtitles to your videos , to the super - easy Simple Theora Encoder .
Along with free , open source software , there are many good , visual tutorials for top open source applications found free on the web .
In this post , you 'll find a whopping sixteen of them .
You can brush up on web development skills such as CSS and AJAX , become a graphics wizard with GIMP , and learn how to install and master any Linux distro .
Some people love Linux but just can't use it full time .
In this post , you 'll find a discussion of free virtualization options that can put Linux right on your Windows PC or Mac .
Speaking of web development , our post More Than Five Top , Free Tools for Web Developers has been very popular .
It discusses Piwik ( open source web analytics software with useful plug-ins from the community ) , Kompozer ( a very popular web development environment , especially for CSS fans ) , and OpenX ( a free , open source ad server for monetizing your site ) , plus several more .
If you have n't tried out some of the open source tools focused on animation and video conveniences , take a gander at this post .
It introduces Blender ( powerful 3D animation software that has been used to create full - length animated movies ) , XVid ( a utility that can compress video files at a ratio of 100:1 ) , and more .
Want to put a bushel of free open source applications on your computer or even on a USB thumb drive in one , free download ?
You can find out how to do so here , and dive right into everything from the OpenOffice suite of productivity applications , to Thunderbird e-mail , to open source calendar applications .
Many of the applications are guaranteed to be ones you 've never heard of , but they 're all hand - picked by folks in the know .
You get hundreds of applications -- all free .
For Macintosh users , you 'll find an equally good one - download offering at MacLibre , as we discussed here .
In this post , you 'll find two excellent tutorials singled out by Mozilla .
The first is a step - by - step recipe for how to build Firefox extensions .
The second is a guide to how to use Mozilla 's useful Ubiquity command - line tool , and create commands for it .
What if you want to put Linux and Linux applications on your USB thumb drive ?
Here , you 'll find instructions and a huge collection of useful tools for making it work .
Are you upgrading a Linux box ?
Our own Reuven Lerner - - a skilled and experienced developer -- has a guide here to a large collection of resources for SELinux -- which protects Linux systems from security threats .
High - end graphics software is expensive when you shop on the proprietary aisle , but we 've collected six cool , free tools here .
Make sure to check out IrfanView ( which is freeware , not open source , but just had to be here ) .
Are you under the impression that BitTorrent downloads are illegal or DRM infected ?
There are plenty of sites out there that offer free and legal torrent downloads to save bandwidth and make file sharers happy .
Here , you 'll find sites such as Legit Torrents , where you can get free video , games and Linux distros , plus nine other legal torrent sites worth checking into .
Webinars have increased in popularity in recent years , and this post rounds up seven resources for finding free ones on open source topics .
You can sit in on educational webinars on MySQL , Drupal and much more .
Do you frequently share web - based content with others via social networks ?
If so , check out BlueOrganizer , a slick Firefox extension that we reviewed here .
It 's also very handy to have when you want to search the web for content related to what you 're currently looking at .
( Make sure and check out Glue , an update to this project . )
Want to view videos and presentations on Google 's free offerings for the development community ?
We wrote up how you can find a slew of them here , on topics ranging from Google 's AJAX APIs to using Google Gears .
Do you use Mozilla 's Thunderbird e-mail application ?
If you do , or you 're moving to it , check out our list of the best add - ons for Thunderbird .
Want to sell your open source skills to the highest bidder ?
Here we covered over 10 ways to get paid for your FOSS wizardry .
Also check out this interview with oDesk 's CEO ( oDesk connects people with open source skills with employers , even guaranteeing work and payments ) .
In our post 6 Ways to Get Much More
Out of GIMP you 'll find lots of good resources for leveraging the power of one of the most popular open source graphics programs .
The post includes links to a free , full online book on beginning and advanced GIMP skills , and more .
Are you thinking of getting a netbook ?
They 've become hugely popular and come with various flavors of Linux and lots of open source applications installed for very fair prices .
Here are some good pieces of advice and links if you 're in the market for one .
GPhotoSpace is a very interesting extension for Firefox that we wrote up here .
It requires Firefox 3 and leverages the 7GB + of storage space that you currently get with a Gmail account for an online photo storage repository .
Uploads tend to be much faster than on sites such as Flickr , and there are other conveniences to having your photo management application in your e-mail engine .
Do you have a need for warding off patent trolls who may threaten your idea or patents with dubious patents of their own ?
Linux Defenders is a brand new organization , with some heavy hitters backing it , working to ward off patent trolls .
Check out our writeup here .
Looking for a killer open source word processor ?
AbiWord is a top - notch one , and we took the brand new version for a spin , which you can read about here .
Among other things , it now works much better with Microsoft Office files .
In addition to OStatic itself , where can you go to evaluate and kick the tires on open source applications ?
We found six sites looking into -- many with user ratings for useful FOSS products -- and you can check them out here .
Open sourcers often collaborate with each other , and if you work with others who are in remote locations , Dimdim is a very powerful open source web meeting application , recently out in a new version .
Check out our impressions here .
For an alternative from the world of freeware , including a Linux version , look into Yugma .
Songbird is one of the slickest open source music players available .
It just arrived in a final new version .
Here we took a look at the final beta version and summarized why you ought to consider this melody maker for your open source arsenal .
Here 's a pictorial tour of one of the more useful Firefox extensions we 've tried out in a while : VideoSurf .
It provides chronological timelines for online videos at YouTube , Google Video and other sites .
Jump straight to what you want .
Have you suffered a layoff recently ?
If so , we have scores of good ideas for finding work in the world of open source here .
You can find good places to put up a profile of yourself , good sites to visit for advertised jobs in open source , and more .
Are you interested in some of the best brand new open source projects ?
In this post , you 'll find a collection of 10 of the " best rookies " selected by Black Duck Software , including note - taking applications , automated trading software , and much more .
Cloud computing is all the rage these days , but did you know that there are many open source infrastructure tools for cloud computing that can provide free flexibility , cost savings , and more ?
Try these five examples .
Part of OStatic 's mission is to deliver good educational resources on open source .
We hope these free tools and tutorials help you .
Committee OKs Clinton , 16 - 1
The Senate Foreign Relations Committee just voice - voted 16 - 1 to recommend the confirmation of Hillary Clinton to be the next secretary of state .
Louisiana Republican David Vitter was the sole “ no ” vote , citing concerns over potential conflicts of interest posed by Bill Clinton 's international fundraising .
Another conservative on the committee , South Carolina Republican Jim DeMint , also expressed reservations about Clinton 's failure to increase oversight of her husband 's charities .
Her nomination now goes on to the full Senate , where she is expected to be quickly confirmed .
Glenn
Thrush is senior staff writer at Politico Magazine .
White House : Court has no authority to demand e-mails Stephen C. Webster
Published : Saturday January 17 , 2009
Print This Email
This A federal court has been rebuffed by the outgoing Bush administration , as the White House has refused an order to provide e-mails that had gone missing but were allegedly found .
According to court documents filed Friday , the White House asserts that not all parts of the administration are held to the Federal Records Act .
The White House also claimed it had uncovered over 14 million e-mails , but has provided no further details .
According to published reports , responding to the White House , US Magistrate Judge John Facciola reiterated the order , insisting the administration comply and search all systems for the e-mails .
The Washington Post reported Thursday that Helen H. Hong had stated at a court hearing that " private contractors had helped find the e-mails by searching through an estimated 60,000 tapes that contain daily recordings of the entire contents of the White House computers as a precaution against an electronic disaster . "
With President - elect Obama 's inauguration looming just days away , the District Court of the District of Columbia issued the directive instructing the Executive Office of the President ( EOP ) to search its computers and ordering EOP staff " to surrender any media in their possession that may contain e-mails from March 2003 to October 2005 . "
In February of 2008 , a former Bush administration employee said at a congressional hearing that the White House 's " primitive " archiving system may have lost more than a million emails .
Soon after Bush was first elected , as RAW STORY reported on Nov. 24 , the White House dismantled the records management system that President Bill Clinton had implemented , replacing it with an unreliable system that led to the massive number of email deletions from White House servers .
Similar communications losses apparently struck former top Bush adviser Karl Rove , when a Republican National Committee lawyer admitted in 2007 that at least four years of emails sent by Rove had " gone missing . "
The admission came as Congress investigated the controversial dismissals of US Attorneys by the Bush Justice Department .
In February of 2008 , a former Bush administration employee said at a congressional hearing that the White House 's " primitive " archiving system may have lost more than a million emails over 1,000 days .
Ironically , Cheney 's office is missing emails from the very day President Bush told reporters he'd " take care of " whatever staff member had leaked the identity of CIA agent Valerie Plame .
Cheney 's office also is missing e-mails from Oct. 4 , 2003 , when the Justice Department demanded that the White House turn over " all documents that relate in any way " to the leak of Plame 's identity .
E-mails are also missing for the following day , during which the probe intensified and CIA director George Tenet found himself at the center of it , " caught between his loyalty to the president and defending an agency enraged " at Plame 's exposure , according to the New York Times .
As US Attorney Patrick Fitzgerald 's probe into the Plame case continued over the next few years , emails continued to disappear , CREW said .
More e-mails were missing from Cheney 's office on Feb. 16 , 2005 , when a court ordered reporters who had discussed Plame 's identity with administration officials to testify about those conversations .
All in all , some 473 days of emails are missing from various Administration departments , according to a House Democrat who saw a White House presentation on the files .
Correction :
An earlier version of this article asserted that the White House invoked executive privilege in their filing .
The White House 's legal argument is narrower , claiming that some of the emails fall outside the purview of the Federal Records Act .
RADAR ALERT :
Spread the Word : Shelters Don't Help the Real Victims of Violence A report issued today by RADAR , " Are Abuse Shelters Helping the True Victims of Domestic Violence ? " ( http://www.mediaradar.org/docs/RADARreport-Are-Abuse-Shelters-Helping-True-Victims.pdf), reveals some disturbing facts about the country 's 1,200 abuse shelters .
Based on research studies , reviews of shelter websites , and interviews with former shelter residents and staff , the report reveals that only one in 10 persons are in shelters because of they are victims of battering .
Instead , shelters are filled with homeless persons and substance abusers .
This makes it hard for true victims of domestic violence to get the help they need .
The report also identifies problems , many widespread , with lax admission policies , unqualified staff , coercive tactics , and weak accountability measures .
At Safespace in Florida , a 26 - year - old woman was fatally stabbed by another shelter resident .
At the Brewster shelter in Arizona , a 12 - year - old boy was sexually assaulted by a shelter resident .
At Bethany House in Falls Church , Virginia , women are " coached by the staff to go to court and get a protective order against their husbands " even though abuse never occurred .
It addition , while discrimination against male victims of domestic violence is illegal , it is not only commonplace in the domestic violence shelters , it seems to be the norm .
Emblematic of this , Judy King Smith , director of the Rape and Domestic Violence Information Center in Morgantown , West Virginia , recently admitted under oath , " We do not shelter men in the shelter even if it 's empty . "
Let 's raise awareness about the underreported yet serious problems lurking in our nation 's domestic violence shelters .
Please distribute this alert and the RADAR report far and wide so the truth gets out .
Thanks .
Date of RADAR Release : January 26 , 2009 R.A.D.A.R. – Respecting Accuracy in Domestic Abuse Reporting – is a non-profit , non-partisan organization of men and women working to improve the effectiveness of our nation 's approach to solving domestic violence .
http://www.mediaradar.org
I was looking forward to providing regular updates on Bob of Bob 's Game fame as he continues his 100 day protest .
As you may know by now , Bob locked himself in his room , claiming to isolate himself from society for 100 days or until Nintendo heard his pleas and gave him a license to officially publish his game on the DS .
After a mere month , Bob has been found lying twitching on his floor , having surrendered .
" Nintendo sells all these games about " doing your best " and " being the hero , " telling kids " you can do it if you try , " but in the end that 's just a story , a marketing lie that sounds good , " declares Bob .
" That 's business .
That 's the real world .
In reality , if Link approached the castle gate , a guard would just throw him out .
It does n't matter how much courage he has .
It does n't matter how talented he is with his sword , or how pure hearted he might be .
He 's wearing a dirty tunic and he has no credentials .
' Get out of here , you stupid kid . '
The evil kingdom of Ganon ( Or should I say ' Gantendo ' ) spreads across the land , Zelda dies , and the credits scroll .
Game over .
That 's the real Nintendo , I guess . "
" ... I really tried my best .
Show 's over .
It 's just not going to work .
Sorry , everyone .
I just ca n't stay in here .
My head wo n't stop pounding .
I feel like I 'm losing my mind .
It 's like I 'm splitting in half .
I keep seeing these posts that I apparently wrote , but I can't remember writing them .
I 'm afraid I 'm becoming someone else entirely . "
Maybe Bob never really locked himself in his room .
Maybe Bob never even made a game .
Maybe this was all a sham .
Maybe , however , maybe everything that happened was actually true .
All we know now , is that there 's a rather funny GIF of him lying on the floor ( thanks for that , Pedro ) .
" My head hurts , so I 'm ending this post .
Sorry , everybody .
Whatever .
Why does this HURT so much ?! :'{ "
Goodbye , Bob .
Twelve Editorial Staff Rules for the Great International Media
When the News is from the Middle East
1 ) In the Middle East it is always the Arabs who attack first and always Israel that is defending themselves .
This defense is called a reprisal .
Twelve Editorial Staff Rules for the Great International Media
When the News is from the Middle East
2 ) The Arabs , Palestinian or Lebanese have no right to kill civilians .
That is called “ terrorism . ”
3 ) Israel has the right to kill civilians .
That is called “ legitimate defense . ”
4 ) When Israel kills civilians en masse , the western powers claim that it is more measured .
This is called “ reaction of the international community . ”
5 ) The Palestinians and the Lebanese have no right to capture soldiers of Israel inside military installations with sentries and combat posts .
This is called , “ Kidnapping of defenseless people . ”
6 ) Israel has the right to kidnap anytime and anywhere as many Lebanese and Palestinians as they want .
Currently there are more than 10 thousand , 300 of whom are children and a thousand are women .
No proof of guilt is needed .
Israel has the right to keep kidnapped prisoners indefinitely , even if they are authorities democratically elected by the Palestinians .
This is called " terrorist prisoners . ”
7 ) When the word Hezbollah is mentioned , it is compulsory in the same sentence to contain the words “ supported and financed by Syria and by Iran . ”
8 ) When you mention " Israel " it is forbidden to make any mention of the words " supported and financed by the U.S. "
This may give the impression that the conflict is uneven and that Israel ’s existence is not in danger .
9 ) When referring to Israel , expressions that are prohibited : " Occupied Territories , " " UN resolutions , " " Violations of human rights " or " Geneva Convention . ”
10 ) Both the Palestinians and the Lebanese are always “ cowardly , ” they are hidden among the civilian population , which does not want them .
If they sleep in their homes , with their families , that gives them the name of “ cowards . “
Israel has a right to destroy with bombs and missiles the neighborhoods where they are sleeping .
This is called a “ precision surgical action . ”
11 ) The Israelis speak better English , French , Spanish or Portuguese than the Arabs .
Therefore they and those who support them must be interviewed more and have more opportunities than the Arabs to explain the present Rules of the Editorial Staff ( from 1 to 10 ) to the general public .
That is called “ journalistic neutrality . ”
12 ) All those who are not in accordance with the Rules of Writing above are " highly dangerous anti-Semitic terrorists . "
( Text French , anonymous , sent by a reader of the Carta Maior blog )
Aperture a Java framework for getting data and metadata
Project name From Merriam - Webster Online : Main Entry : ap·er·ture ( sounds like this )
Pronunciation : ' ap - &( r ) - " chur , - ch&r , -" tyur , -" tur
Function : noun
Etymology : Middle English , from Latin apertura , from apertus , past participle of aperire to open
an opening or open space : HOLE a : the opening in a photographic lens that admits the light
b : the diameter of the stop in an optical system that determines the diameter of the bundle of rays traversing the instrument
c : the diameter of the objective lens or mirror of a telescope
News
July 1 , 2010 Aperture 1.5.0 released !
An evolutionary bugfix and improvement release .
It brings new and improved functionality for getting data from OpenXML and mbox files , as well as initial support for direct crawling of remote Samba without having to mount them first .
Moreover , intensive usage has revealed some loopholes in our email processing code that resulted in loss of email content and attachments - all have been fixed .
This rounds up as the best Aperture release since the last one .
Details in release notes
December 31 , 2009 Aperture 1.4.0 released !
The 1.4.0 release is a proof that the codebase is really starting to mature .
Previous releases brought revolutions ( RDF2 Go , NIE , maven ) .
This one reaps the rewards of the work done in the past and concentrates on evolutionary improvements and bugfixes .
Details in release notes
August 11 , 2009 Aperture 1.3.0 released !
This release bears the mark of Maven .
We used it because the users wanted a way to cherry - pick the Aperture functionality and dependencies they need , either because they wanted a smaller footprint ( aperture 1.3 brings in more than 18 MB of jars ) , or for legal reasons ( e.g. some dependencies use the LGPL license some people do n't like ) .
Now , thanks to Maven magic you can reap direct benefits from the modular architecture of Aperture and choose exactly the mix of classes you need .
October 28 , 2008 Aperture 1.2.0 released !
After three years of development Aperture is stable enough to drop the . beta suffix from the release .
1.2.0 leverages architectural improvements made in 1.1.0. beta to bring support for compressed archives and to streamline email processing .
A completely new service - the DataSourceDetector allows applications to provide suggestions to users about the data sources on their desktops .
A host of bugfixes and minor improvements rounds the image of the leanest and meanest version of Aperture ever made .
Enjoy .
May 18 , 2008 Aperture 1.1.0. beta released !
This release aims to reduce the memory footprint and increase the range of data sources explorable by Aperture .
It adds support for MP3 files , vcards and mbox mailboxes .
The Architecture has been extended with the concept of a SubCrawler , that can crawl DataObjects returned by other crawlers thus opening possibilities for the development of new , even better exploration components .
November 12 , 2007 Aperture 1.0.1 - beta released !
This release bears the mark of the Nepomuk Social Semantic Desktop - a major research initative where research institutes and commercial companies from around Europe .
Aperture is used as one of the pillars of a next - generation platform that will revolutionize the way people organize and use the data stored on their computers .
The input from the Nepomuk Community drove us to implement a host of new features that make Aperture more useful , more flexible and more powerful .
May 31 , 2007 Aperture 2007.1 alpha 4 released !
The entire Aperture Framework has been rewritten to utilize the RDF2 Go framework .
It is now completely independent from the underlying RDF store .
Aperture registries and factories can now be used in an OSGi environment as services .
The infrastructure allows for on - the - fly deployment of new extraction components .
November 2 , 2006 Aperture 2006.1 alpha 3 released !
This release adds support for crawling ical calendar files .
The MIME type detection has been extended to support many more file formats .
Extended the tutorials .
There are numerous bugfixes and small improvements .
March 6 , 2006 : Aperture 2006.1 alpha 2 released !
This release adds support for crawling file systems , web sites , IMAP and Outlook mail boxes .
Furthermore , the number of supported file formats has increased significantly .
Features
Crawl information systems such as file systems , websites , mail boxes and mail servers
Extract full - text and metadata from many common file formats
View files in their native applications
Ease of use : easy to learn , easy to code , easy to deploy in industrial projects
Flexible architecture : can be extended with custom file formats , data sources , etc. , with support for deployment on OSGi platforms
Data exchange based on Semantic Web standards ( e.g. RDF , SPARQL , ...)
Supported File Formats
Plain text
HTML , XHTML
XML
PDF ( Portable Document Format )
RTF ( Rich Text Format )
Microsoft Office : Word , Excel , Powerpoint , Visio , Publisher
Microsoft Works
OpenOffice 1.x : Writer , Calc , Impress , Draw
StarOffice 6.x - 7.x+ : Writer , Calc , Impress , Draw
OpenDocument ( OpenOffice 2.x , StarOffice 8.x )
Corel WordPerfect , Quattro , Presentations
Emails ( .eml files )
ical files
VCARD files ( .vcf )
archives ( zip , tar , gz , bz2 )
Crawlers
Crawlers support the extraction of information from heterogenous data sources .
At the moment we support the following source types :
File Systems ( local , remote , removeable media )
Websites and intranets
IMAP e-mail servers
Microsoft Outlook ( alpha )
Internet Calendar ( ical ) files
mbox mailboxes
thunderbird addressbooks
apple addressbook
Support
At this moment the project is still in alpha stage and we provide only limited support .
If you have any questions about the project , feel free to join the development mailinglist and ask us .
Development
To use Aperture in your own projects , read the wiki for information about requirements and code examples .
If you are interested in contributing , feel free to contact the project admins or join the development mailinglist .
We are very interested in new extractors and other contributions including crawlers .
COMMENT -ANALYSIS
Trump failed to deliver any knockout blows in fractious presidential debate
ABC staff will receive their pay rises tomorrow after deciding against a government request to put increases on pause .
ABC staff will receive their pay rises tomorrow after deciding against a government request to put increases on pause .
The ABC , according to chairlady Ita Buttrose , is “ the national voice that unites us ” .
But the ABC 's greedy collective voice just wants more of your money : ABC staff ...
Pugster is a universe of jewelry .
Every piece is allergy - free , Lead and nickel free .
Many pieces incorporate fine enamel pearls , and high quality crystals .
Pugster 's modular design of charms and beads with easil interchangeable parts offers countless possibilities .
Design your own jewelry that express you own style and unforgettable moments .
Express your personality through the combinations you create with your Pugster charms .
Share moments of your life story with a beautiful work of art that you design charm by charm .
Treasure your special moments , passions , and loved ones and hold them close through your designs .
Pugster also offers a rich array of stylish brooches earrings , rings , necklaces using the finest materials , to provide a coordinated look for you every day .
Regardless of whether you 're dressed to impress or stepping out for a casual encounter , you 're never fully dressed without jewelry from Pugster.com !
Why rush to throw another $ 350 billion of taxpayer money at the Wall Street bandits and their political cronies who created the biggest financial mess since the Great Depression ?
And why should we taxpayers be expected to double our debt exposure when the 10 still - secret bailout contracts made in the first round are being kept from the public ?
We do n’t have time , President - elect Barack Obama ’s key economic adviser , Lawrence Summers , insisted in a letter to Congress on Monday , promising that the new infusion would not be squandered as was the first installment .
But given that Summers is personally as responsible for this meltdown as anyone , why should we trust him on this ?
Yes , it sounds wonderfully bipartisan that Obama is backing President Bush ’s request for spending the money now , short - circuiting congressional inquiry , but it was just that sort of bipartisan politics that created this nightmare .
How insulting that we must now accept Summers ’ assurance that the Obama administration will “ move quickly to reform a weak and outdated regulatory system to better protect consumers , investors and businesses . ”
This from the guy who , as President Bill Clinton ’s treasury secretary , pushed the deregulation legislation making the subsequent financial crimes of Wall Street legal .
The “ toxic derivatives ” that we taxpayers are now forced to purchase from the Wall Street hustlers were deliberately shielded from all government regulation , thanks to the Commodity Futures Modernization Act , which Summers got Congress to pass in the closing days of the Clinton administration with the same urgency that he now pushes for the new Wall Street handout .
Back then , Summers was a disciple of Robert Rubin , who just last week resigned from his director ’s position at Citigroup , the financial conglomerate that grew to unmanageable and corrupt proportions thanks to the empowering legislation that Rubin initiated when he was Clinton ’s first treasury secretary .
Rubin has been paid more than $ 115 million plus stock options at Citigroup , and despite his horrid record is a close Obama adviser .
It is one of the great swindles of U.S. financial history that Citigroup was bailed out with $ 45 billion in a deal that could eventually cost taxpayers an additional $ 269 billion to guarantee those toxic assets that would have been illegal if not for the legislation backed by Rubin and Summers .
How did Obama allow himself to become ensnared with the very same folks who are the most culpable ?
His treasury secretary nominee , Timothy Geithner , is another Rubin protégé , who , as head of the New York Fed , worked tirelessly with Rubin to concoct the Citigroup bailout .
When candidate Obama gave his major economic address back on March 27 , he could n’t have been clearer in condemning the deregulation that Rubin and Summers had engineered :
“ Unfortunately , instead of establishing a 21st century regulatory framework , we simply dismantled the old one — aided by a legal but corrupt bargain in which campaign money all too often shaped policy and watered down oversight .
In doing so , we encouraged a winner - take - all , anything - goes environment that helped foster devastating dislocations in our economy . ”
He was referring to the deregulation legislation that Summers hailed on the day that Clinton signed it into law as “ a major step forward to the 21st century . ”
Now Obama is relying on Summers to reverse a disaster of his own creation .
It ’s like returning to the same surgeon who almost killed the patient in the first operation to once again cut open the body to repair the damage .
What we need is a second opinion .
Where is the openness and accountability that Obama promised ?
Why not pause for a few weeks for congressional hearings on how to spend the new money ?
We do n’t even know where the last batch went .
On Monday , the Treasury Department finally agreed , and only after a subpoena threat , to turn over to Sen .
Carl Levin and his Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations the 10 secret contracts that it signed with top Wall Street firms in the first round of the bailout .
Unfortunately , the subcommittee has no plans to make those contracts public , according to a Levin aide quoted in The New York Times .
That is outrageous .
This is our money we ’re talking about .
Why do n’t we get to read the fine print in what will end up being trillions of dollars in taxpayer obligations ?
Because we are suckers , that ’s why , and the folks who swindled us into this disaster can count on it .
Continuing in the fight for a 100 % reserve banking system ( or at least a system closer to that than the one we have ) , I just sent the following message to the Board of Governors .
Naturally , feel free to copy - paste , or send them your own comments here .
To the Board of Governors :
As you know , recent PPI data shows a marked increase in Final Goods prices - and generally CPI follows PPI somewhat closely .
With this increase in prices it is imperative that we prevent further increases in the broader money supply while at the same time maintaining the integrity of the financial system .
To that end , I recommend that the Board consider a substantial increase in the reserve requirement ratio .
Such a move will prevent the historically enormous monetary base from leading to increases in the broader monetary aggregates .
Also , it will encourage banks to continue to hold a large quantity of excess reserves which will keep their balance sheets relatively strong in this unsteady time .
As a final point , I would like to remind the Board that focusing on interest rates in a time when very high inflation threatens , and the government has adopted a policy of large deficits is a bad idea .
A focus on keeping interest rates low in this fiscal environment is essentially equivalent to handing monetary authority to the federal government , which has historically been the recipe for starting high inflation and / or hyperinflation .
Though allowing interest rates to rise may be temporarily painful , the early 1980s shows that the sacrifice necessary to stop or prevent inflation is generally far smaller than many estimate .
When given the choice between stagflation with a risk of hyperinflation or an inflation - fighting recession , the latter is most certainly better for the economy in the long run , and the short run costs are just that - short .
No response necessary .
Sincerely ,
Lucas M. Engelhardt , ABD
PhD Candidate and GTA
Department of Economics
The Ohio State University
Daily Headlines TAKING THE FUN OUT OF POT by Connie Littlefield , ( Source : Montreal Gazette )
More News Select a State See Map Alabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware District of Columbia FEDERAL Florida Georgia Guam Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Puerto Rico Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virgin Islands Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming Check State Laws
Share This Article
Quebec
-------
Dutch Experience Shows Usage Going Down When Marijuana Is Legalized
It 's official : The Dutch have managed to make pot smoking uncool .
The Dutch do n't smoke nearly as much cannabis as Canadians , which is surprising because cannabis use is legal in the Netherlands .
What can we learn from this ?
Cannabis is not taboo , as it is in North America under prohibition .
That could be why there is no real attraction for Dutch youth to take up the practice .
UN statistics tell it like it is : 16.8 per cent of adult Canadians have tried cannabis , yet only 6.1 per cent of Dutch have ( 2007 World Drug Report , United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime ) .
Yet cannabis is legally available in 280 licensed coffeeshops in the Netherlands .
Obviously , there is no connection between availability and higher consumption rates .
Despite the lower rates of use among adults , and despite the fact that Dutch teens try cannabis at much lower rates than North Americans , the coffeeshops are constantly threatened with closing .
That 's because the drug - warrior mentality has spread like fundamentalist wildfire across the globe .
I met a few folks on a recent trip to Amsterdam , and of those who grew up there , many said that they had not been interested in cannabis as teens .
Most did n't even try it until they were adults - that 's very different from the Great White North .
When teens in Amsterdam think of pot smoking , they think of the chronically bewildered tourists they have to look out for while cycling downtown .
For many , smoking pot is just not that much fun if there are n't any laws being broken .
Although the Dutch system of cannabis regulation works pretty well , there is constant pressure from conservatives both at home and internationally to shut down the coffeeshops .
The legislation to legalize soft drugs came about almost inadvertently 30 years ago , and a formal supply system was never put in place .
The marketplace is regulated , and consumers are n't prosecuted -- but suppliers can't exist .
Naturally , organized crime stepped in to fill the void .
Unfortunately , that also means that hard drugs are never very far away .
" The Dutch approach is a better - than - nothing solution , " said Chimed Jansen , a chemistry student I spoke to , " but not a good solution .
It has left itself wide open to criticism by never developing a functional policy .
The coffeeshops , while profitable businesses , face possible closure at any time for a multitude of reasons : schools close by , neighbours not liking the customers , customers found carrying hard drugs during raids , etc .
Not only that , they are forced to work with criminals to function since the production of cannabis is illegal . "
I was in Amsterdam because my documentary , Damage Done : The Drug War Odyssey was being screened as part of a cannabis tribunal .
Former NYPD detective Frank Serpico , who is in my film , travelled with me .
We were invited to speak because Damage Done is about a group of cops , including Serpico and Canadian Senator Larry Campbell , who believe that the War on Drugs does more harm than the drugs themselves .
We presented a copy of our film to the chief of the Amsterdam - Amstelland Police , who told me that he became a cop because of Serpico .
Since the Netherlands is in the process of re-examining its drug policy , it was an interesting time to visit .
The famous open - mindedness of the Dutch is being challenged by those who subscribe to a more conservative , faith - based political dogma .
When I asked my new Dutch friends what Canadians should take away from the Dutch experience , they offered a few suggestions : " Maybe Canada can start its own licensed coffeeshop system for 18 - plus and from the start let every coffeeshop appoint two or three growers , who would then get a licence and pay taxes .
That would eliminate most illegal growing , " said Mila Jansen , an inventor and entrepreneur .
A lot of discussion took place around public education .
Society needs to accept that drug use is here to stay , no matter how much we might want it to disappear .
There will always be those who want to use drugs , and who wo n't buy into anti-drug propaganda or be deterred by stiff sentences .
What we tell our children is especially important : " Provide for an honest drug education .
Exaggerating or misleading kids only works miracles for losing your credibility , " said Job Joris Arnold , a journalist and drug - policy activist
Legalizing tobacco and alcohol - but not cannabis - is hypocritical , and kids realize that .
" Just Say No " never worked .
Try it yourself .
Tell any teenager that they can't have something they want , no matter how innocuous , and see what happens .
The usefulness of surveying rates of drug use and abuse is arguable .
The rates of truthfulness with which people respond to such studies must differ depending on whether one lives in a country in which admitting to such behaviours could result in jail time .
If such studies prove anything definitively , it 's that prohibition does n't work .
According to the same UN study , the use of heroin and MDMA ( methylenedioxymethamphetamine ) are higher in the Netherlands than in Canada .
Why the difference ?
Good question .
The field is full of tremendous opportunities for further research .
" Nobody knows the reasons for this difference in use levels , " said Frederik Polak , a psychiatrist I interviewed .
" Another point that is not clear is whether this must be seen as a grave problem , a small problem , or as no problem , " he said .
" In general it is automatically assumed that higher drug - use levels are a bad thing .
Many people see even unproblematic drug use as morally wrong .
We want to make the case that for most users , the recreational and functional use of drugs provides pleasure and enhances quality of life . "
The lower rate of pot smoking in the Netherlands would certainly seem to indicate that the way to solve our drug problem is to legalize drugs .
Soon , even prohibitionists will have to admit this is the case .
It is a concept that certainly warrants further consideration .
In Canada we are already struggling to develop an efficient , government - regulated system of cannabis supply for medical uses .
Once the bugs in that system get worked out - and there are many - supplying to the retail trade wo n't be a huge leap .
Are there cannabis coffeeshops in our future ?
Connie Littlefield 's films include , Hofmann 's Potion : The Early Years of LSD , and Damage Done : The Drug War Odyssey .
MAP posted - by : Larry Seguin
Share This Article Pubdate : Thu , 08 Jan 2009
Source : Montreal Gazette ( CN QU )
Copyright : 2009 Canwest Publishing Inc .
Contact : http://www.canada.com/montrealgazette/letters.html
Website : http://www.canada.com/montrealgazette/
Details : http://www.mapinc.org/media/274
Author : Connie Littlefield
Note : Connie Littlefield 's films include Hofmann 's Potion : The Early Years
of LSD , and Damage Done : The Drug War Odyssey
Bookmark : http://www.mapinc.org/pot.htm
( Cannabis )
Bookmark : http://www.mapinc.org/decrim.htm
( Decrim / Legalization )
Bookmark : http://www.mapinc.org/youth.htm
( Youth )
Firefighters at work Samarinda , Borneo .
Forest fires in this region were unknown before human activity escalated in recent years ( Image : Action Press / Rex Features )
Human activities have turned the world ’s third largest rainforest region into a tinderbox that climate change will ignite .
So concludes a new study of fire in the forests of Sumatra and Borneo in Indonesia .
Investigators examined the fire history of Indonesian forests by analysing half a century of visibility records at local airports .
“ During the late 1970s , Borneo changed from being highly fire - resistant to highly fire - prone during drought years , ” says Robert Field , an atmospheric physicist from the University of Toronto .
“ The abrupt transition can be attributed to rapid increases in deforestation and population growth . ”
Advertisement
Field says that human invaders clearing patches of trees for farming destabilised the forest ecosystem , making it drier and more vulnerable to future drought .
Droughts , usually during El Niños in the Pacific , have triggered huge fires in Indonesia seven times since 1960 .
But Field found that until about 1980 , the fires were restricted to Sumatra , where human activity and deforestation rates were highest .
The forests of Borneo did not burn .
Then , after humans began invading Borneo ’s interior on a larger scale , with rates of deforestation rising above 2 % , these forests become vulnerable too .
The worst fires were in 1997 to 1998 , causing smogs in cities hundreds of kilometres away and at least one plane crash .
The biggest source of smoke and carbon - dioxide emissions during forest fires in southeast Asia is not the trees themselves , says Field , but the burning of peat in the deep swamps on which many forests grow .
Once alight , the peat can burn for months ( see Bog barons : Indonesia ’s carbon catastrophe ) .
Field ’s findings add to growing concern about the Indonesian government ’s announcement earlier this month that it has ended a two - year moratorium on turning peatlands into oil palm and tree plantations .
The move is bound to cause more fires , says Field .
Journal reference : Geoscience ( DOI : 10.1038 /NGEO443 )
See a larger version of this artwok " Abiding Spirits " by Suzan Lovett
For anyone who thinks we are reading too much into a connection between Sherlock Holmes and Gregory House that was never intended , the creator of " House " ( David Shore ) gave an interview for an article in Zap2 It by Kate O'Hare in January 2005 that said : " ... Anytime one says ' puzzle ' and ' brilliant deduction ' in the same sentence , one can't help but think of the great fictional detective Sherlock Holmes and his trusty sidekick , Dr. Watson .
And indeed , Holmes -- and the real - life physician that inspired him , Dr. Joseph Bell -- were very much inspirations for ' House . ' "
... Shore also hopes to draw more parallels to Holmes by drawing House 's best , and likely only , friend , oncologist Dr. Wilson ( Robert Sean Leonard ) , into the Watson role .
" We 're looking for Wilson to step up in that regard , as House 's everyman , leaning over his shoulder and going , ' How 'd you do that ? '
And more important , ' Why 'd you do that ?'.... "
— " labyrinth " posted a link to this article in the Television Without Pity House Forum
Sherlock Holmes Gregory House , MD
Can deduce a great deal from just looking at a person .
Can deduce and diagnose a great deal just from looking at a person .
Holmes ' creator based the character on a doctor .
Greg House is a doctor
His name sounds like " Homes " His name is another word for " Home "
Sherlock Holmes fought deadly criminals
Fights deadly germs , diseases and other medical problems .
Used cocaine to escape boredom Uses Vicodin for pain in his leg , and also for boredom and the pain of dealing with " stupid " people .
Holmes calls even his best friend by his last name House calls all his associates by their last names
Arrogant .
Said humility would be a lie Greg House is extremely arrogant .
Read the agony columns in the paper Watches soaps , plays video games , etc .
Languid and lazy when not on a case .
Lazy until he is forced to look into something that intrigues him .
His closest friend had problems with a wound in his leg ( although initially , the wound was in his shoulder )
Has a medical problem in his leg .
Music is very important to Holmes and he plays the violin .
Music is very important to House and he plays the piano .
Aloof , although less so with his only friend and roommate .
Keeps everyone except Wilson at a distance .
HP Opens Up Open Source for Small Businesses
by Ostatic Staff - Dec. 11 , 2008
HP has been quirky over the years when it comes to open source .
It has been , traditionally , a company that supports open source -- especially in larger enterprises .
While large businesses are a major focus for HP -- and it has supported open source in other ways -- a " smaller business " line of open source products has been a long time coming .
HP is approaching this market with both fists flying .
Wednesday , it announced two new open source products , geared to small businesses and educational institutions .
HP plans on including its Mozilla Firefox for HP Virtual Solution on more of its business class desktop PCs ( to a total of seven models between the HP Compaq dc / dx lines in the US , eight models worldwide ) .
The " Firefox for HP Virtual Solution " seems it would have the most value in small businesses with limited IT support .
It uses Symantec 's SVS virtualization tools to run Firefox ( and all related web activity ) in a virtualized environment .
Essentially , anything done on the web ( including installing downloaded applications ) that is n't saved to the desktop or " My Documents " folder runs in this virtual environment , and this environment can be reset without losing user profiles .
The significance of this , of course , is that HP uses Firefox to this end .
Did the open code make this an easier undertaking ?
Likely .
Did HP need to use Firefox ( or any open browser ) ?
Probably not .
Will offering this on more small business desktops encourage more people to use Firefox ?
It would seem so , at least in the work environment .
Come December 15th , HP will also offer Novell 's SUSE Linux Enterprise Desktop on its HP Compaq dc5850 model .
The base SLED - equipped model will cost $ 519 , and features the usual open source suspects for the small business setting -- OpenOffice , and mail clients such as Evolution .
Additionally , HP and Novell are developing a repository for applications specific to educational settings .
Many of the applications will be centered on students , but HP and Novell plan on incorporating school administration and instruction applications as well .
The Army issued a formal apology to the families of soldiers killed in Iraq and Afghanistan after it sent them letters with the salutation “ Dear John Doe . ”
In December , the Army sent out 7,000 letters to the families of most of the 3,544 soldiers killed in Iraq and Afghanistan since 2001 containing information about services or gifts for which they might be eligible .
Although the envelopes were properly addressed , a software problem resulted in an error that printed the salutation “ Dear John Doe ” at the top of the letters , which were printed by a private contractor .
J. Paul Boyce , an Army spokesman , said the service had not received any angry complaints , but several families called to alert the military to the error .
That prompted an investigation .
Advertisement
“ There are no words to adequately apologize for this mistake or for the hurt it may have caused , ” Brig .
Gen. Reuben D. Jones , the Army ’s adjutant general , said in a statement .
In addition to the apology , Gen. George W. Casey Jr. , the Army ’s chief of staff , is sending the families a new letter explaining the error .
Bonnie Brown of Troy , Ala. , whose son John E. Brown was killed in Iraq on April 14 , 2003 , said she received a copy of the erroneous letter this week .
She said she found the salutation odd but not offensive .
“ I did notice it said , ‘ Dear John Doe , ’ ” she said .
“ But it did n’t really bother me .
I did n’t think too much about it . ”
Advertisement
The incident sparked a debate among some veterans groups about how well the Army was supporting the families of soldiers killed in action .
Joe Davis , a spokesman for the Veterans of Foreign Wars , said the greeting was an “ unfortunate mistake . ”
But he applauded the military ’s efforts to stay in touch with families .
“ It is embarrassing , ” he said .
“ But it ’s very good that they are trying to reach out to families to say the Army is there to support you . ”
Paul Rieckhoff , founder of the Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America , was less forgiving , arguing that the Army needed to do more to support military families .
Advertisement
Rieckhoff said that after the controversy generated by the disclosure that former Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld used a robotic pen to sign casualty letters , the military should take extra care when communicating with the families of fallen troops .
“ How much does it take to proofread letters ? ” Rieckhoff asked .
“ You have to remember the amount of hurt the families are going through . ”
The Army declined to release the name of the California company that printed the letters , insisting the responsibility for preventing the error was the military ’s alone .
“ We take full responsibility , ” Boyce said .
Advertisement
Military officials did not immediately respond to a Freedom of Information Act request seeking the name of the company .
--
julian.barnes@latimes.com
RADAR ALERT :
TV Newscast Highlights False DV Allegations
Around the country , groups are working to stop false allegations of domestic violence .
Now the mainstream media are beginning to highlight the devastating impact of such claims .
Recently WCVB -TV , the ABC affiliate in Boston , Mass .
ran a newscast highlighting two men whose girlfriends obtained domestic violence restraining orders .
The orders had been issued without any evidence of abuse .
When it came time for the final hearing , the women did n't bother to show up and the orders expired .
But the men's names were permanently entered into the state Domestic Violence Registry .
As a result , one man had his employment application denied .
He commented , " I was guilty from the moment this person walked in and filed that order . "
The segment also quotes a representative of the Massachusetts domestic violence coalition who notes restraining orders can be " misused , " and admits , " I think it 's a problem . "
The 4 - minute , must - see segment can be viewed here : http://www.thebostonchannel.com/video/18047516/index.html
To RADAR 's knowledge , this is the best - ever TV coverage of the problem of false allegations .
TAKE ACTION NOW :
We encourage every person who reads this Alert to view the newscast and forward the URL to your media contacts , elected officials , and others .
Emphasize that the nation 's domestic violence system has spun out of control , and we need to reform the Violence Against Women Act .
Each year 2 - 3 million restraining orders are issued , half of which do n't involve even an allegation of violence .
RADAR has released 10 recommendations designed to curb false allegations of domestic violence : http://www.mediaradar.org/alert20081020.php.
Date of RADAR Release : December 8 , 2008
Want to improve the chance that they 'll pay attention to your letter ?
Click here .
R.A.D.A.R. – Respecting Accuracy in Domestic Abuse Reporting – is a non-profit , non-partisan organization of men and women working to improve the effectiveness of our nation 's approach to solving domestic violence .
http://www.mediaradar.org
Madrid , New Mexico .
This was directly across the street from the " Old Coal Mine Museum " there .
Madrid was a coal town early last century and a hippie commune in the late 60's .
Now a few of the artists from the commune still live there and have shops , and operate the museum .
186 K miles / sec = speed of light for non techy types .
Django WikiApp is a pluggable application for Django that aims to provide a complete Wiki ( for really small values of " complete " ) .
By the time this project was started , there were many good blog apps for django ( for example ) , but no Free Software feature - complete wiki ( AFAIK ) .
So , based on Django Wiki , was created a wiki with suppport for markup and revision control .
Also , user - generated content rules !
Check the docs : http:// bazaar .
launchpad .
net/~django- wikiapp/ django- wikiapp/ main / files / head:/ docs/
SEOUL ( AP )  North Korea said Tuesday that it is preparing to shoot a satellite into orbit , its clearest reference yet to an impending launch that neighbors and the U.S. suspect will be a provocative test of a long - range missile .
The statement from the North 's space technology agency comes amid growing international concern that the communist nation is gearing up to fire a version of its most advanced missile — one capable of reaching the U.S. — within a week , in violation of a U.N. Security Council resolution .
North Korea asserted last week that it bears the right to " space development " — words the regime has used in the past to disguise a missile test .
In 1998 , North Korea test - fired a Taepodong - 1 ballistic missile over Japan and then claimed to have put a satellite into orbit .
" Full - fledged preparations are underway to launch the pilot communications satellite Kwangmyongsong No. 2 " at a launch site in Hwadae in the northeast , the North 's agency said in a statement carried by Pyongyang 's official Korean Central News Agency .
The report did not say when the launch would take place .
Unnamed intelligence officials reported brisk personnel and vehicle activity at the Hwadae launch site , the Yonhap news agency reported Tuesday .
However , the North has not yet placed the missile on a launch pad , the report said .
After mounting the missile , it could take five to seven days to fuel the rocket .
Hwadae is believed to be the launch site for North Korea 's longest - range missile , the Taepodong - 2 , which has the capability of reaching Alaska .
Reports suggest the missile being readied for launch could be an advanced version of the Taepodong - 2 with even greater range : the U.S. West Coast .
South Korea 's defense minister has said launch preparations could be completed within days .
Analysts have warned for weeks that the North may fire a missile to send a strong signal to South Korean President Lee Myung Bak , who took office a year ago Wednesday with a hard - line policy on North Korea , and to new President Obama .
North Korea is banned from any ballistic missile activity under a U.N. Security Council resolution adopted after the North 's first - ever nuclear test in 2006 .
South Korea , Japan and the United States have warned Pyongyang not to fire a missile .
Last week , Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton urged the North to stop its " provocative actions , " saying a missile test would " be very unhelpful in moving our relationship forward . "
Pyongyang 's efforts to make a case for space program could be an attempt to avoid international condemnation and sanctions .
But South Korean Foreign Minister Yu Myung Hwan has stressed that missiles and satellites differ only in payload and said any launch — whether a satellite or a missile — would be a breach of the U.N. resolution .
The missile move also comes as Pyongyang steps up its hostile rhetoric against South Korea , saying it is " fully ready " for war .
The two Koreas technically remain at war because their 1950 - 53 conflict ended in a truce , not a peace treaty .
They remain divided by a heavily armed demilitarized zone .
North Korea 's missile program is a major security concern for the region , along with its nuclear weapons development .
The country test - launched a Taepodong - 2 missile in 2006 , but it plunged into the ocean shortly after liftoff .
It is believed the North has not yet mastered the miniaturization technology required to put a nuclear warhead on a missile , but the test alarmed the world and gave new energy to stop - and - go diplomacy over North Korea 's nuclear program .
A 2007 disarmament - for - aid pact North Korea signed with five other nations has been stalled since last August .
Copyright 2009 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
I confess , I never knew kangaroos could climb trees .
I do know why kangaroos do n’t like when it rains outside .
( answer down below ) .
Zookeepers in Nebraska are thrilled that one of their rare species of tree kangaroo has had twins .
Twin joeys were born at the Lincoln Children ’s Zoo last month .
The proud parents of the Matschie ’s tree kangaroos are Milla and her mate Noru .
They were found in Milla ’s pouch last month .
That makes two of the four documented Matschie ’s tree kangaroo births last year .
Do n’t know about you , but I love babies …of all kinds .
According to a Kansas City Zoo zookeeper there are only about 50 tree kangaroos in North America .
They live in the wild in the rain forest in northeastern Papua New Guinea .
And being in North America means they wo n’t be home for dinner anytime soon .
Zoo visitors are expected to get a peak when the little guys begin poking out their heads or feet as early as May .
Answer – kangaroo mamas do n’t like when it rains outside , because the kids have to play inside .
President Trump is asking for an additional ground rule ahead of Tuesday night 's first presidential debate between himself and Democratic presidential nominee ...
President Trump is asking for an additional ground rule ahead of Tuesday night 's first presidential debate between himself and Democratic presidential nominee ...
The former vice president and his wife , Jill , reported $ 944737 in taxable income last year and paid $ 299346 , or a 31 % tax rate , in federal income taxes .
The former vice president and his wife , Jill , reported $ 944737 in taxable income last year and paid $ 299346 , or a 31 % tax rate , in federal income taxes .
As big as this election is for America , it is even bigger for Democrats .
The Democratic establishment are hanging onto their party by their fingernails ; November is ...
Jennifer McLagan 's cookbooks are joyously contrarian affairs .
In 2005 , she published the finger - licking and terrific " Bones . "
Now she has " Fat . "
This is no quick - and - easy book featuring chicken cutlets with breakfast cereal " crust . "
It 's a rollicking journey through the kingdom of unrepentant , glorious , and filthy rich fat .
In her carefully presented introduction , McLagan argues that fat is healthy , unrivaled for cooking , and satisfying , so you eat less of it .
A week of testing left me convinced this was true , except for the " eating less of it " part .
Though we are as civilized as any group including two small children can be , all week there was frequent , raucous fighting over whatever was left in the pan .
McLagan has a superb sense of balance on the plate ; she knows how to use bitter greens , bright acids , sharp - tasting herbs to cut the overwhelming decadence of fat .
The book 's four sections are dedicated to butter , lard or pork fat , poultry fat , and beef and lamb fat .
For any fat - fearing cook , the first will likely prove the most approachable , not least because butter 's there in a box on the refrigerator shelf .
You do n't have to go rummaging around in animal cavities to collect it .
McLagan has a fat lover 's reverence for the fresh herb sage ; acrid and wooly , sage sweetens and brightens when cooked .
Its robust flavor stands up to the richest of foods , as is demonstrated by spaghetti with butter and sage .
I would n't normally douse a half - pound of pasta with a stick of butter , but I 'm glad I did .
The butter is both a lubricant and a sauce , and the quantity seems surprisingly light on the plate .
Equally hard to resist is poached shrimp with spinach and the French butter sauce beurre blanc .
A poaching liquid , deeply flavored with bay leaves , parsley , onion , lemon , and vermouth , gives the shrimp character to stand up to the buttery sauce .
The grassy spinach perfectly complements the extra butter .
I had a feeling spicy buttered popcorn would be addictive - and it is .
Eight cups of popcorn is n't quite enough to absorb nearly a pint of frothing , chipotle - caramel sludge , and even with 10 extra minutes in the oven , parts of it did n't dry out .
If you have reservations about bacon fat , stay away from smokily seductive pumpkin and bacon soup ( in fact , maybe stay away from this book altogether ) .
It 's one of those rare cases where you need all the fat rendered from half a pound of bacon to brown the aromatics , and for the intense bass drum of flavor it provides the soup 's base of squash and sage .
Perhaps the best case for fat is McLagan 's slow - roasted pork belly .
Pork belly is bacon before it 's bacon ; here it gets an overnight marinade and a slow roast , until the fatty meat is almost translucent .
Then the skin is broiled to a golden crisp , a perfect foil to slightly bitter kale .
Spanish - style lard cookies are a happy reminder that butter 's not the only baking fat .
The toasted - flour - and - almond dough wins no beauty prizes .
But the delicate scent of oranges and cinnamon and the delightfully crisp texture make these a versatile delicacy .
My supermarket had marrow bones , so I tried risotto Milanese - insanely , pleasurably rich with butter , marrow , and Parmesan .
Bones contain wildly variable amounts of marrow , and mine yielded so much the rice could n't absorb it ( it might have helped to have a volume or weight estimate ) .
I can't pretend I relished the suety smell on my clothes and in the kitchen after the marrow - bone adventure .
And I hope it's not every week that I go through five sticks of butter , four pounds of bacon , three cups of marrow , and a half - cup of lard .
But when I do plunge into these riches , I plan to have McLagan at my side , to make sure every ounce is worth it .
© Copyright 2008 Globe Newspaper Company .
All he wanted to say was that the fare - hiking MTA board chairman is a heel .
Cops , fearing a rerun of an Iraqi reporter ’s double - shoe toss at President Bush , tackled and arrested an enraged Queens straphanger today as he went to pull off his shoe while making a point to agency chief Elliot Sander .
Iraq ’s Parliament Speaker Quits Over Shoe
“ You made $ 300,000 last year and this shoe is for you , ” barked Stephen Millies , 54 , an Amtrak worker who lives in Jackson Heights .
MTA police grabbed Millies just as he had wiggled the shoe off his foot .
Before the other shoe dropped , cops hauled him from the meeting room and took him to their police station next door at Grand Central Terminal .
“ My shoe is a sign of contempt , ” Millies said as he was taken away .
“ [ Sander ] wants to raise fares for disabled people – that ’s contemptible .
And I ’m not even allowed to show him my shoe . ”
MTA police gave Millies a desk appearance ticket for disorderly conduct .
By early afternoon , he was back home in Jackson Heights , getting ready for his shift in a signal tower in Amtrak ’s Sunnyside yard .
“ They actually asked me what size my shoe was , ” Millies said .
His Red Wing work shoe was a 10 1/2 D .
Millies insists he did n’t plan an Iraqi - type footwear fling – he just wanted to brandish his shoe , Nikita Khrushchev - style , to make a point .
But he admitted his move was “ pretty close to spontaneous . ”
“ I did n’t want to hit anyone , ” he said .
“ I simply wanted to show the sole of my shoe to prove a point , that Elliot Sander has the nerve to raise fares on the disabled when he made $ 300,000 last year . ”
“ They obviously try to stop any sign of resistance , ” he said of the MTA cops .
“ I obviously did not have any intention to hit anyone .
I simply wanted to show my contempt . ”
Sander said he was “ a little concerned ” when he saw Millies reach for the shoe .
“ I saw that our MTA police had the situation well under control and responded very quickly , ” he said .
“ In terms of my personal safety , it happened real fast .
“ I ’ve never had anyone attempt to throw a shoe at me , ” he went on .
“ And I did n’t anticipate that that possibly could take place when I was offered this position .
But it ’s the MTA and anything can happen . ”
I first became aware of Waterwalkerz in 2007 and decided to try them out in the summer of 2008 .
The Waterwalkerz team gave me all the information that I needed to get started from general operational advice to risk assessments , videos , images for posters etc .
Phil Wood , St Annes Boating Lake ( Lancashire )
Measurement Lab , a Google - Backed Bandwidth Cop , Needs Help
by Ostatic Staff - Jan. 30 , 2009
Yesterday , on WebWorkerDaily , I wrote about Measurement Lab .
It 's a partly Google - backed initiative to give Internet users and researchers free measurement tools that can help quantify what kinds of service they ’re getting from ISPs , and much more .
One of its goals is to help identify instances where ISPs are throttling bandwidth , and it collects a number of free , quick diagnostic tools for making these determinations .
This project has a number of backers , and strikes me as a perfect opportunity for the open source community to contribute tools and diagnostic applications to the effort .
Measurement Lab , or M - Lab , was founded by the New America Foundation ’s Open Technology Institute , the PlanetLab Consortium , Google , and academic researchers .
As you can see on the right of the organization ’s Welcome page , it ’s broken up into one area for “ Users ” and one for “ Researchers . ”
Google 's Vint Cerf , one of the fathers of the Internet , has already put up a blog post about the initiative , and there already is a call for others to get involved .
In testing M - Lab , I found it to be a firmly beta project .
I got error messages when I went to run the project 's 20 - second Network Diagnostic Tool , and the only servers you can ping at the moment to test your throughput are located in San Francisco .
( That matters because geographical distance can mean lower throughput . )
Still , with Google and other big players behind this effort , it could start to result in accurate geographically - specific measurements of where bandwidth problems are cropping up , and lead to how to solve them .
The open source and freeware arenas already include many tools that might be good for M - Lab to make use of .
Apache Jmeter is a Java desktop application designed to load test functional behavior and measure performance for everything from applications to FTP servers .
QCheck is a popular freeware tool for measuring throughput , wireless performance , and more .
Then there are tools such as T - Booster , designed to improve broadband performance .
T - Booster is based on more than one open source component .
Which other applications am I missing ?
It would be good to see M - Lab collect many kinds of measurement tools and help keep a watchful eye on bandwidth for everyone , especially instances where ISPs may be engaging in irresponsible practices .
M- Lab is clearly beta at the moment , but I 'm betting help is on the way .
Where in the World is Carmen Sandiego ?
A name that should be familiar to almost anyone that ’s picked up a game in the last 20 years , the Carmen Sandiego series lived long and prospered between the years 1985 and 2001 , seeing multiple releases on most platforms that were around at the time .
Kick - started by Brøderbund Software in 1985 , the series was essentially a way to make the subject of Geography appear “ hip and cool ” to “ the kids ” by offering it up as a game , rather than something you learnt at school .
Educational content was a staple of the series as you followed the trail of superthief Carmen Sandiego and her band of V.I.L.E ( Villains ’ International League of Evil ) henchmen , with each new game in the series expanding the search across the globe and eventually including travelling through time as a viable option of pursuit .
Sim City
The beloved “ city simulator ” which has consumed more man-hours than sleep first started in 1989 and was made by Maxis and legendary game designer Will Wright .
The premise behind the game ( and every subsequent Sim City game ) was to …Er…Simulate a city .
More accurately , you assigned various zones ( residential , industrial , commercial and the like ) in which citizens would build related services and / or buildings .
Eventually , after laying down water pipes , roads and power lines , you ’d control the city in more indirect ways like managing the economy , politics , police and emergency services .
This was the game to teach an entire generation or two that it was n’t the “ winning ” that counts , but more the building an epic sprawling metropolis , only to destroy it by unleashing Godzilla upon it whilst laughing maniacally .
The Typing of the Dead
Everyone and – quite possibly – their mother has heard of Mavis Beacon Teaches Typing , but have you heard of The Typing of the Dead ?
You might have , but it makes for a dramatic opening paragraph .
Just in case you have n’t heard of it , it follows in the same educational vein as Mavis Beacon did , with the ultimate aim being to enhance your typing skills .
Except with zombies .
There ’s an age - old saying that if you add zombies to something , it ’ll make it infinitely better .
Except oatmeal , I do n’t imagine anything making that better .
This genius of a game took the original House of the Dead 2 game and transposed the Mavis Beacon typing format over it , so in order to defeat the oncoming zombie hordes , the player had to type words that appeared on the screen , with each letter being a gunshot .
Finishing a sentence was never quite so satisfying .
Windows Solitaire / Minesweeper
Solitaire was originally packaged with the Windows 3.0 ( in 1990 ) operating system as a standard item , the aim of which was to ease users into getting to grips with the mouse - based control system , as up until then , the primary way to navigate was via a mixture of the DOS interface and keyboard shortcut commands .
Suddenly people everywhere were getting used to basic mouse functions like drag - and - drop , double clicking and generally just moving the mouse about after a lifetime of near - total keyboard usage .
Naturally this led to many problems in the workplace , as more and more people became hooked on the game , decreasing their work output exponentially and occasionally leading to firings .
The same could be said of Minesweeper , with its number - based , spatial - awareness - promoting , speed - run - inducing simplicity .
Battle Chess
Perhaps arguably the best chess game ever , Battle Chess managed to turn a game as uneventful and boring ( for then children and quite possibly anyone not really into chess these days ) into an engaging and often exciting experience .
Exactly as it sounds , it was normal chess …
With battles .
Both the sound and the pseudo - 3D effects that were used were rather impressive for the time ( 1988 , developed / published by Interplay ) .
But more importantly , it made chess awesome ( Or even more awesome , depending on your view of the game ) !
Dope Wars
Whilst the subject matter might not have been the most politically correct of the lot ; it was nevertheless an addictive and popular game .
The player assumed the role of a drug dealer trying to earn a living by doing what he / she knows best , namely dealing drugs to everyone , quite possibly also children ( dealing drugs to children , not dealing in children ) .
On the surface it was a simple game of “ making loads of cash by being bad ” , but subconsciously it taught valuable life - skills like budgetary management , being able to forecast a financial market , the importance of supply and demand and how much a kilo of crack costs in New York .
Granny ’s Garden
Billed as an “ educational adventure game ” and released in 1983 for the BBC Micro ( it was also ported to such retro stalwarts as the Amstrad CPC , Commodore 64 and the ZX Spectrum ) , this game had you out on a quest to save the children of the King and Queen of the Kingdom of Mountains , whilst all the while avoiding some random evil witch whose motive for being evil was probably just because she felt like being really irritating at the time .
Most of the puzzles involved were logic - based , others could be quite bizarre and random , but overall the game was a light - hearted puzzle - fest most notable for its awesome music .
Syndicate
This was a fantastic SF strategy / action isometric game .
Syndicate ( which later became a series of games ) was released in 1994 by those bastions of excellence , Bullfrog .
It was set in a dystopian future in which corporations fought for dominance over the global population by using cyborg agents , which was pretty cool .
The game saw you as an executive from a corporation in command of a team of cyborgs and your job was to carry out various missions on behalf of said corporation , by any means necessary , usually by killing and destroying everything in your path .
The game had a distinct SF / Cyberpunk flavor , which many found to be appealing ; along with the resource / research management aspect of the game , with regards to if you ran out of funding for your agents / equipment / tech research , you were in big trouble .
It was also good for improving geography skills , as you strategically planned to dominate the entire globe , country by country .
THE decision made history .
On Thursday January 8th the Bank of England cut the base rate from 2 % to 1.5 % , the lowest since the central bank was founded in 1694 .
The Bank of England 's mission then was to provide war finance .
Its task now is to fight a recession that looks increasingly likely to be the worst since the second world war .
The bank 's latest move means that the base rate has now fallen by an extraordinary 3.5 percentage points since the start of October ( see chart ) .
It followed a clutch of closely watched business surveys of purchasing managers that painted a dismal picture of the economy in December .
Manufacturing was mired in the deepest downturn since the survey started in 1992 .
Construction activity plumbed new depths .
And activity in private services stayed close to its record low in November .
The findings , together with earlier surveys , confirm that the recession intensified towards the end of last year .
Official figures published in late December showed that GDP fell in the third quarter by 0.6 % — rather than the original estimate of 0.5 % — from its level in the spring .
It now looks as if GDP declined by a further 1 % or so in the last three months of 2008 , according to Capital Economics , a consultancy .
The outlook for 2009 is dispiriting .
Despite the fillip from the temporary reduction in value - added tax , consumer spending will fall sharply .
Households will retrench as unemployment rises and those with jobs fear they may lose them .
Spending will be hit , too , by weak stockmarkets and shrinking housing wealth .
House prices fell by 15.9 % in the year to December , according to Nationwide Building Society .
The economy will also be clobbered by cuts in capital spending .
Since the prices of homes still have a long way to fall , housing investment will remain depressed .
Businesses are already cutting their capital programmes , with more to come in the year ahead .
Capital Economics is predicting that GDP will fall by 2.5 % in 2009 , the biggest annual decline in the past 60 years .
A common cause of these downward pressures on the economy is the banking malaise , which has undermined equity and property markets and curtailed the routine provision of finance to business .
That makes it all the more ominous that banks are expecting to restrict credit still further .
A survey by the Bank of England published on January 2nd found that lenders had reduced the availability of credit to both households and companies in the three months to mid-December and expected to curb it still further in the first quarter of 2009 .
Banks ' reluctance to lend as they strive to repair their overstretched balance - sheets is impairing the effectiveness of monetary policy .
But the sheer scale of rate cuts over the past three months is helping many indebted households .
About half of mortgage borrowers have variable - rate loans and are therefore generally benefiting from the reduced cost of servicing their debt .
Savers are grumbling about the sharp fall in interest rates on their deposits and the Conservative opposition has pledged tax concessions to help them .
Yet , however unfair it may seem to the thrifty , rate cuts are needed to boost the overall economy .
Another way in which monetary policy retains some of its clout is through the exchange rate .
Ahead of the Bank of England 's decision , the pound clambered back from near parity against the euro at the end of last year to € 1.11 on January 7th as gathering gloom about the euro area 's prospects led foreign - exchange dealers to factor in an early cut in European interest rates .
But the hefty depreciation of around a quarter in sterling 's trade - weighted value since mid-2007 will still bolster the economy by making British producers of tradable goods and services more competitive both in foreign markets and at home .
The fall in sterling will also blunt deflationary pressures that might otherwise exacerbate the credit crisis , since when prices start falling the burden of debt rises in real terms .
As consumer - price inflation was still 4.1 % in the year to November , deflation might seem a remote prospect .
But inflation will tumble in the coming months because of lower oil prices and the recession .
Despite this help for the economy from looser monetary policy , the worry is that the Bank of England is running out of ammunition as the base rate heads towards zero .
And in any case the conventional strategy of lower rates may not be strong enough as long as banks continue to restrict credit .
One solution would be to force - feed them with even more capital , but Gordon Brown said on January 4th that this was not a front - runner among possible new measures .
Nor is “ quantitative easing ” — printing money to buy assets .
However , the government is planning a package of further help to support bank lending in the battle against recession .
When Google 's lawyers entered the smooth marble hallways of the Department of Justice on the morning of October 17 , they had reason to feel confident .
Sure , they were about to face the antitrust division — an experience most companies dread — to defend a proposed deal with Yahoo .
But they had to like their chances .
In the previous seven years , only one of the mergers that had been brought here had been opposed .
And Google was n't even requesting a full merger .
It just wanted the go - ahead to pursue a small deal that it was convinced would benefit consumers , the two companies , and the search - advertising market as a whole .
Settling around a large oval table in the conference room , the attorneys from Google and Yahoo prepared to make their arguments .
Google wanted to serve its ads for certain search terms on Yahoo's pages in exchange for a share of the revenue those ads generated .
It already had similar arrangements with AOL , Ask.com , and countless other Web sites .
And the deal was n't exclusive or permanent .
This article has been reproduced in a new format and may be missing content or contain faulty links .
Contact wiredlabs@wired.com to report an issue .
Tom Barnett , assistant attorney general for antitrust , took his seat at the table and called the meeting to order .
The Yahoo lawyers kicked things off by describing their negotiations with DOJ staff ; they had already suggested limiting the length of the deal and capping the amount of money in play .
Barnett seemed unimpressed .
" Staff , " he proclaimed , " is irrelevant . "
He made the decisions around there .
As five lawyers involved with the case recount it , the rest of the meeting did not go much better .
For hours , Barnett picked apart the deal .
Google , he argued , was not preserving competition by keeping Yahoo solvent ; it was trying to increase control over its old rival , with a goal of dominating the online search - advertising market .
If the proposal was so harmless , he went on , why had he been deluged with letters and phone calls from advertisers opposing it ?
Then , late in the day , Barnett brought up the two words Google lawyers least wanted to hear : Section Two — as in , Section Two of the Sherman Antitrust Act , which criminalizes monopolies .
The Justice Department invoked Section Two to splinter Standard Oil in 1911 , break up AT&T in 1982 , and prosecute Microsoft in 1998 .
Now Barnett was signaling not just that the Google - Yahoo deal was dead but that the government saw Google as a potential monopolist .
In fact , Barnett insisted , if the deal was n't substantially changed or scuttled , he would sue within five days .
It was a stunning blow .
Google had expected a speedy approval .
Now the company , whose brand is defined by its " Do n't be evil " slogan , faced the prospect of being hauled into court on an antitrust charge .
Google and Yahoo tried to salvage the negotiations , but on the morning of November 5 , three hours before the DOJ was going to file its antitrust case , they abandoned the deal .
Google 's capitulation marked a rare defeat for the search giant , which has been almost as successful among the regulators of Washington as among the coders of Silicon Valley .
And it was cause for celebration in Redmond , where Microsoft spent six months on a massive effort , costing millions of dollars , to block the Yahoo deal .
Microsoft played a role in persuading members of Congress to hold hearings .
It initiated a campaign that filled DOJ mailboxes with letters from politicians and nonprofit groups objecting to the deal .
It convinced the country 's largest advertisers to join together to oppose the company in public .
It 's impossible to know exactly what impact all this had on the DOJ decision .
But many observers believe that Barnett , who declined to be interviewed for this article , was influenced in part by Microsoft 's arguments .
The bid to stop the Yahoo deal was just one front in an emerging multipronged war against Google .
The company 's growth , ambitions , and politics have made it a target of some of the country 's most powerful businesses and interest groups .
When Google pressed the Federal Communications Commission to reallocate " white space " — unused chunks of radio spectrum — for wireless broadband and other uses , it ran into a counter - lobbying effort that included everyone from the National Association of Broadcasters to Dolly Parton .
Google 's push for net neutrality , which would forbid ISPs from giving preferential treatment to certain data providers , has been met by fierce resistance from telecom and cable companies , whose allies describe it as " special - interest legislation dressed up to sound less self - serving . "
It purchased YouTube , whose users ' laissez - faire approach to copyright infuriates Viacom and other content providers .
Google wants to digitize entire libraries , a prospect that frightens publishers .
It has terrified a legion of small businesses that feel at the mercy of its opaque but all - powerful search algorithm .
It has annoyed Republicans by associating itself largely with Democrats .
The thwarting of the Yahoo deal was the most successful attack so far by the many forces aligned against Google — but it wo n't be the last .
" There were a lot of sharks circling Google during the DOJ review , " says Christopher Murray , senior counsel for Consumers Union .
" Now there 's a whiff of blood in the water .
I expect a feeding frenzy in 2009 . "
The Enemies List Google is under fire on 4 fronts .
What 's at stake :
How much do you trust Google ?
The search giant says there 's no reason to fear its purchase of DoubleClick or its proposed revenue - sharing deal with Yahoo .
But competitors and major advertisers think it 's plotting world domination .
Who 's upset : Association of National Advertisers , Microsoft , WPP Group
What 's at stake :
Every time a new chunk of radio spectrum becomes available , Google argues it should be opened to the public .
Sounds great — except to telcos that have wanted it for themselves and broadcasters that worry new devices will mess with their transmissions .
Who 's upset : AT&T , National Association of Broadcasters , Verizon
What 's at stake : Google thinks all information is created equal and favors laws forbidding Internet service providers from determining how fast content from different providers will download .
ISPs , not surprisingly , beg to differ .
Who 's upset : AT&T , Comcast , Verizon
What 's at stake : Google 's insatiable hunger for data scares even some of its allies .
Now its business rivals have launched a privacy crusade to drum up fears that Big Brother lives in Mountain View .
Who 's upset : AT&T , Center for Digital Democracy , Microsoft High - profile legal battles are n't fought only in the courtroom .
Public perceptions matter .
Momentum matters .
Relationships matter .
For John Kelly , Microsoft 's head of strategic relations , this lesson did n't come easy .
In the 1990s , the lawyer and former lobbyist watched as Microsoft defended itself against charges that its practice of bundling its software onto computers constituted anticompetitive behavior .
The company settled the case in 2001 .
But by then it had already won a reputation as an unrepentant and thuggish monopolist , thanks in part to shrewd lobbying by competitors like Sun Microsystems and Netscape , uninspiring testimony by Bill Gates , and masterful media relations by David Boies , the government lawyer on the case .
" Ten years ago we said , ' This is all going to depend on being right in court , ' " Kelly says .
" ' Do n't worry about all the noise , rhetoric , and lobbying by our competitors . '
While the facts and the law are still what matters in the end , the important lesson we took way from that experience was that you could not let your competitors define you in the court of public opinion . "
A decade later , Microsoft 's reputation was still getting in its way .
In January 2008 , Microsoft made an unsolicited bid to purchase Yahoo .
The takeover would help Microsoft bulk up its search advertising business , an area where Google held a huge advantage .
But Yahoo CEO Jerry Yang , who viewed Microsoft as an uncompromising leviathan , was determined to block the deal .
In early May , Microsoft dropped its bid — a tough defeat made even more frustrating when Google CEO Eric Schmidt celebrated the failure in comments to the media .
" We 're obviously happy it 's not going to happen , " Schmidt said at a press conference .
" Had the merger gone through , we would have had to have a meeting around it .
We would have had to have a campaign against it . "
It was a stark reversal for Schmidt , who had made few public statements against Microsoft since joining Google in 2001 .
Kelly took the saber - rattling as a warning that Google was preparing to join the fray , perhaps by proposing its own deal to keep Yahoo out of Microsoft 's hands .
( Sure enough , Google did just that on June 12 . )
For years , Microsoft had quietly seethed as Google waltzed into a position of immense power while charming regulators and politicians with an aura of gee - whiz innocence .
Even when Google hired a small team of lobbyists and took the occasional swing at Redmond , the company 's feel - good reputation remained intact .
The idea that Google would end up inking a deal with Yahoo , increasing its domination of search advertising while successfully casting Microsoft — again ! — as a power - mad Darth Vader , was more than Kelly could stand .
" Frankly , we saw history repeating itself , " he says .
" We realized that we were going to have to speak up . "
Kelly sprang into action , activating his company 's vast Washington infrastructure .
Microsoft 's protracted antitrust battles had left it with an army of lawyers and lobbyists and deep institutional knowledge of which politicians to approach and how best to sway them .
Soon , Microsoft 's lobbyists were meeting with Herbert Kohl , chair of the Senate 's Antitrust Subcommittee .
By early July the subcommittee was holding hearings .
In October , Kohl wrote to Barnett warning that " important competition issues are raised by this transaction . "
But that was all familiar , the kind of campaign Microsoft had routinely run .
Kelly wanted to take a different approach this time — not just opposing the deal but persuading other interested parties to speak out as well .
The arguments of a known competitor may not sway the Justice Department , but customers ' opinions hold special influence .
If advertisers — Google 's customers — voluntarily declared their opposition , the DOJ would listen closely .
Kelly turned to Michael Kassan , an advertising consultant who had been advising Microsoft off and on since 2002 .
Kassan — whose clients have included AT&T , Disney , and Viacom — recently had been named by Advertising Age as possessing the third - most - impressive Rolodex in the industry .
Kelly asked Kassan to start talking to his contacts and drum up opposition to Google .
Kassan assured him he knew just how to do it ; there was plenty of fear and mistrust of Google among advertisers .
" Google has badly misjudged how it is perceived , " he reassured Kelly .
" We have a clear and easy story to tell . "
It went like this : Google had 70 percent of the search advertising business , and Yahoo had 20 percent .
Now those two companies were proposing a business deal .
That would give advertisers less leverage to negotiate ad rates , and they would end up paying more .
Kassan was eager to make his case .
He flew to Cannes , France , where he pitched the board of the International Association of Advertisers .
He traveled to conferences in New York , Washington , Los Angeles , and Florida .
He talked to many of the 32 chief marketing officers on the board of the Association of National Advertisers , the trade group that represents the top 375 advertisers in the country .
By late August , Kelly and Kassan were conducting as many as three conference calls a day with major national advertisers .
Google , meanwhile , had n't started any serious outreach effort to defend the deal to the advertising community .
The hardest part of the campaign was n't convincing ANA 's board members that the Google - Yahoo proposal was bad for them .
The trick , Kassan says , was getting them to say so .
Indeed , Kassan was rebuffed in June , when he first asked the head of the ANA to take a public stand .
" They wanted me to do something right away , " ANA president Bob Liodice says .
" I told them I 'd look at it .
But at the time I had no ability to say whether the deal was bad or good , and the last thing I wanted to do was have the organization looking like a shill for Microsoft . "
Kassan and Kelly kept at Liodice , seeding his inbox with position papers , briefing documents , and news stories .
Their goal was straightforward : Convince him that the ANA 's position on the deal not only mattered but was crucial to stopping it .
Liodice went on a fact - finding mission , inviting Google and Yahoo to answer questions and then sending written queries to executives at all three companies .
Ultimately , he concluded that Google would drive Yahoo out of business and gain a stranglehold on online advertising .
" The more we dug in , the more we realized that we had to say something , " Liodice says .
" The tipping point for me was that I had all these advertisers on my board opposing the deal .
Meanwhile , Google and Yahoo could n't produce any significant advertisers who were supporting it . "
In September , the ANA formally voiced its opposition .
It was n't alone ; individual advertisers piled on with additional letters to the Justice Department expressing their own disapproval .
DOJ staffers were talking about the " telephone book of complaints " they had received .
Microsoft 's arguments were n't just winning over advertisers .
Back in July , the company penned one of a series of confidential memos titled " Google + Yahoo ≠ Competition " and sent it to its allies and the Justice Department .
The memo claimed that the Google - Yahoo deal was illegal on its face , mentioning as precedent the 68 - year - old case United States v. Socony - Vacuum Oil Co. Inc. , which Microsoft also cited in congressional testimony that same month .
When Yahoo lawyer Dan Wall heard the argument , he did n't see how a 1940s case against conspiring oil companies bore much relevance to a deal in which prices are set by electronic auctions .
But then a Justice official brought up Socony during one of their regular phone calls .
" I thought , ' Good grief , they 're buying the Microsoft BS , ' " Wall says .
" I do n't have any doubt that Microsoft put that in DOJ 's mind . "
Meanwhile , the fight against Google quickly spread beyond Redmond , as other companies and trade groups began to lend support .
Some had no obvious interest in the deal ; Microsoft hired lobbyists who knew how to drum up support among rural and Latino groups , and before long organizations as far - reaching as the American Corn Growers Association and the Dominican American Business Network had voiced their opposition .
Other companies joined in , including AT&T .
Many observers believe that the telecom company hopes to compete directly with Google someday by going into the business of serving online ads to its users , and it was happy for the opportunity to beat up on its future rival .
On September 24 , 10 members of Congress sent a letter to the DOJ opposing the deal .
All of them have received donations from AT&T over their careers ( average total contribution since 1996 : $ 29,000 ) , and most counted the telecom giant as one of their largest contributors .
These campaigns converged at the October 17 Justice Department hearing , in which Barnett threatened to bring an antitrust case against Google .
Publicly , Google remained upbeat after the arrangement fell apart .
Lobbyists for the company maintained that even in failure they had kept Yahoo out of the hands of Microsoft for at least six months , perhaps permanently .
And if Microsoft eventually tries to snap up Yahoo , Google can respond with the same kind of antitrust arguments that were deployed against it .
The Ghost of Argentina What Happens when Countries Go Bankrupt ?
First it was mortgage lenders .
Then large banks began to wobble .
Now , entire countries , including Ukraine and Pakistan , are facing financial ruin .
The International Monetary Fund is there to help , but its pockets are only so deep .
Von SPIEGEL
Staff
Super interesting topic today " “ I was quite intrigued by the research ( with lots of YouTube clips ) .
I know there are some moments in music censorship history that did n't make the list , so if you know of one , leave it in the comments .
I mean , you can try .
I might delete your comment if I do n't agree with you .
1. Bob Dylan on the Ed Sullivan Show , 1963 .
Dylan was on the show to promote his then - new album The Freewheelin ' Bob Dylan and told producers he wanted to sing " Talkin ' John Birch Society Blues " for his musical number .
He even did a runthrough for the producers , who apparently had no problem with it .
But just a couple of hours before the show was supposed to air , he was told the song was a no - go .
So Dylan walked out and never came back .
However , Ed Sullivan later said he had nothing to do with the decision , unlike our next example .
Apparently it was a network decision .
The John Birch Society was an anti-government group the network had reported on via its news outlets .
The official word is that they did n't want to cross wires and make political statements about events their journalists were reporting on .
2. The Rolling Stones on the Ed Sullivan Show , 1967 .
They sang " Let 's Spend the Night Together , " quite a scandalous song at the time .
Some radio stations pulled it altogether ; others opted to bleep the word " night . "
Can you imagine ?
I wonder what words that we censor today will be perfectly acceptable on the oldies station in 40 years .
Anyway , Sullivan asked the Stones to sing " Let 's Spend Some Time Together " instead ( as if the lyric " I 'll satisfy your every need " was somehow not sexual ? ) .
The Stones agreed , and everyone was happy .
However , Mick was anxious to prove to the fans that he had n't just bowed to the will of Ed Sullivan and insisted that he did n't sing " Let 's spend some time together , " but " Let 's spend some mmmm together . "
Because somehow that makes
Mick more of a rebel .
However , this video shows
Mick saying " Time " at least once , and the backup singing clearly emphasizing " Time " loudly on all of the other occasions .
3. The Doors , Ed Sullivan , 1967 .
In our final Ed Sullivan example , the Doors made an appearance on the show and were asked to change the lyric of " Light My Fire " that said " Girl , we could n't get much higher . "
The Doors said , " Sure , no problem " ... and proceeded to go ahead and sing the song , unaltered .
Anyone who has watched the Oliver Stone movie knows that .
However , in the movie , Val Kilmer as Jim Morrison looks directly into the camera and delivers the line as a huge insult to Sullivan .
In the real clip from the show , Jim Morrison is just singing with his eyes closed ( which I understand was pretty typical ) .
4 . The Sex Pistols , Thames Television 's " Today " with Bill Grundy .
There was some under - the - breath cursing early on in the interview , but it got worse .
But to be honest , Grundy sort of had it coming - he rather raunchily suggested to Siouxsie Sioux on air that they meet up after the show .
Steve Jones called him a dirty ... well , check out the YouTube video if you want , but , you know ... there 's some language .
They are The Sex Pistols .
They were immediately dropped from EMI , their label , and Grundy was suspended from his job for two weeks .
The show was canceled two months later .
5. Nirvana , MTV Video Music Awards , 1992 and In Utero album back cover , 1993 .
When Nirvana's
In Utero album was released in 1993 , their song " Rape Me " was changed to " Waif Me " on the back cover of the CD when big - box stores Wal - Mart and K - Mart refused to sell it otherwise .
Kurt Cobain said , " I just feel bad for all the kids who are forced to buy their music from big chain stores and have to have the edited music , " but it was n't the first time he had run across censorship issues with the song .
Nirvana intended to premiere the song at the MTV VMA 's in 1992 , but the network said no way .
The band agreed to play Lithium instead ( even though MTV really wanted them to play " Smells LIke Teen Spirit " ) , but when Nirvana took the stage , they played the first five seconds of " Rape Me , " presumably just to make the execs backstage freak out .
But then they played " Lithium " as agreed and all was well .
6. Madonna , Pepsi , 1989 .
Madonna was supposed to have a campaign out for Pepsi in the Spring of 1989 ... just when released her controversial " Like a Prayer " video .
The ad would have shown her drinking a Pepsi , watching a home video of herself as an eight - year - old girl at her birthday party .
But " Like a Prayer " came out just a day after the Pepsi campaign launched , so after a single airing of the commercial ( during The Cosby Show Pepsi yanked the commercials .
Madonna totally made out on this one , though : she kept her $ 5 million endorsement deal and won the MTV Viewer 's Choice Award for the video .
She thanked Pepsi for making such a big deal out of her video and giving her so much free publicity .
7. Pearl Jam , AT&T , 2007 .
When Pearl Jam's Lollapalooza concert was cybercast by AT&T , Eddie Vedder and co. did a cover of the Pink Floyd song " Another Brick in the Wall , "  but changed some of the words to , " George Bush , leave this world alone , "  and " George Bush , find yourself another home . " 
AT&T " accidentally "  omitted those lyrics from the Webcast .
In a statement , AT&T blamed the mistake on their Webcast vendor and said that there was no reason for the lyrics to be censored .
8. Cher , MTV , 1989 .
Cher 's " If I Could Turn Back Time " video caused quite the stir , largely because of her outfit ... or lack thereof .
Supposedly it 's a fishnet body stocking and a very revealing swimsuit , but to me , it 's always looked like some pantyhose and some strategically - placed electrical tape .
Also , she 's straddling a cannon through part of the video .
MTV would only show it after 9 p.m. , and some different shots were used to make the video less sexually - charged .
Scandalous at the time , but today , I kind of just look at the video and go , " Oh , Cher . "
9. Neil Young , MTV , 1989 .
Neil 's song " This Note 's for You "  mocked the bands and companies who used their music to promote consumerism .
The song specifically says ,
" Ai n't singin ' for Pepsi
Ain't singin ' for Coke
I do n't sing for nobody
Makes me look like a joke
This note 's for you .
Ain't singin ' for Miller
Do n't sing for Bud
I wo n't sing for politicians
Ain't singin ' for Spuds
This note 's for you . " 
The video spoofs the famous Michael Jackson incident where his hair caught fire while filming a Pepsi ad .
MTV refused to play the video , at first saying it was worried about trademark infringements from Michael Jackson and other celebrities portrayed in the video .
So Neil Young 's record company said they would sign an agreement releasing MTV from any responsibility from any future lawsuits .
They also said they could scrap the funny video and just feature Neil singing .
MTV refused , this time saying that they do n't allow any artists to name specific products in their songs .
This argument was pretty weak , though , based on the fact that " Parents Just Don't Understand "  was in high rotation at the time , and it was uncensored despite name drops of McDonalds , Adidas and Porsche , among others .
Neil wrote an open letter to MTV and called them spineless , and MTV finally gave in and played the video .
The joke was on MTV : fans voted the video as the Best Video of the Year in the 1989 MTV Video Music Awards .
10 . Pete Seeger , CBS , 1967 .
Controversial folk singer Pete Seeger was scheduled to be on The Smothers Brothers Comedy Hour singing " Waist Deep in the Big Muddy , "  a song about Vietnam .
When CBS saw the taped performance , they immediately cut it from the program before it could air as they did n't want to make it seem like they were criticizing the President .
There was much protest from fans , Seeger and the Smothers Brothers ' staff , and Pete was allowed back on in February , 1968 , to perform the song .
Abstract
Studying the experience of countries that have experienced great depressions during the twentieth century teaches us that massive public interventions in the economy to maintain employment and investment during a financial crisis can , if they distort incentives enough , lead to a great depression .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The leader of the House of Lords says she is " deeply concerned " over allegations four peers were prepared to accept money to put down amendments .
The Sunday Times claims they offered to help make amendments to legislation in return for up to £ 120,000 .
Lady Royall told the BBC she had spoken to the four Labour peers concerned and would be " pursuing the matter with utmost vigour " .
She also said House of Lords members must " abide by its high standards . "
The BBC has spoken to two of the peers named by the newspaper .
A third has also given his reaction to the allegations .
The former energy minister Lord Truscott did admit to having had " discussions " with the reporter , but told the BBC that " to suggest I would offer to put down amendments for money is a lie " .
Lord Moonie , a former defence minister , told the BBC that he had been suspicious of the people who had approached him .
Clearly , it looks very serious but I 'm concerned everybody 's side of the story should be heard
Baroness Royall
Leader of the House of Lords
Q&A : Peers cash claims
He acknowledged discussing a fee of £ 30,000 with the undercover reporters but said : " I am not aware of having offered to do anything for these people that was outside the rules . "
He went on to say that any arrangement would have been based on a written contract and would have involved advising them on how to get amendments to legislation - but he would have been acting strictly as an adviser and consultant .
A third peer , Lord Taylor of Blackburn , said two people approached him claiming to work for a lobbying firm and looking for help with a bill they wanted amending .
He said they suggested paying him £ 5,000 to £ 10,000 a month as an adviser but he never said he would accept , no contract was signed and no money changed hands .
Asked about his alleged suggestion that the rules could be " bent " , he said : " ' Bent ' to me means you will try to persuade the bureaucracy of the House to change them . "
Former Labour whip Lord Snape indicated that he could help amend a bill for a fee of up to £ 24,000 a year , the Sunday Times alleged .
The paper said Lord Snape issued a statement " saying that he had made it clear to the reporters that he was unable to ' initiate or amend any legislation on behalf of an individual or a company ' .
" However , he said he did think the reporters ' proposed exemption might be ' beneficial ' and undertook to ' investigate ' further , " the paper said .
' Named and shamed ' Lady Royall told BBC
News an investigation would be launched " if or when a complaint is made " and it would be carried out by the House of Lords Committee for Privileges , whose members include Lord Irvine of Lairg and Baroness Manningham - Buller .
Speaking on the BBC's Andrew Marr show , Lady Royall said she did not feel " comfortable " reading about the allegations , and if they were true , it would be a " very grim picture " .
If anyone needed any reminder of how threadbare and weak the creditability of the way we do politics has become , they just need to look at today 's headlines
Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg " Clearly , it looks very serious but I 'm concerned everybody 's side of the story should be heard .
We do n't have trial by media in this country , " she said .
" For the moment , these are allegations and I want to ensure they are properly investigated . "
Lady Royall went on to say that if it emerged the peers had broken the rules , they would be " named and shamed " but they could not be thrown out of the House of Lords .
Liberal Democrat leader Nick Clegg told Andrew Marr that people would be very angry reading about the " allegations of total corruption " .
Lord Truscott has denied offering to put down amendments for cash " If anyone needed any reminder of how threadbare and weak the creditability of the way we do politics has become , they just need to look at today 's headlines , " he said .
Shadow business secretary Ken Clarke told the BBC
One programme the Commissioner for Standards had to carry out an independent inquiry .
" If the allegations are true , I 'm afraid this one is very serious - to take money to try to alter legislation for the benefit of the people paying you a fee ...
I think some people would call that corruption , " he said .
Sir Christopher Kelly , chairman of the Committee on Standards in Public Life , said he would await the outcome of the House of Lords investigation to see whether it was " an area " the watchdog needed to look at further .
BBC political correspondent Iain Watson said trying to influence Parliamentary legislation was outside the House of Lords code of conduct , but peers not paid a salary can offer general advice to private firms as consultants .
" That may be where there 's a bit of a grey area , where people can quite honestly say ' I have n't broken any rules ' , " he said .
The Sunday Times said its reporters had posed as lobbyists acting for a foreign client , who was setting up a chain of shops in the UK and wanted an exemption from the Business Rates Supplements Bill .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Bush Justice Department sues Indiana city for discriminating against whites John Byrne and Diana Sweet
Published : Tuesday January 13 , 2009
Print This Email This The Bush Administration 's Department of Justice announced Monday that they are suing the city of Gary , Indiana for discriminating against white people .
On Monday , the Justice Department announced a lawsuit against the Indiana city , alleging that six EMT technicians appear to have been hired on the basis of race alone in violation of the 1964 Civil Rights Act -- which was passed to combat discrimination against African Americans .
The suit alleges that the city told applicants that offers of employment would be based on the order they were ranked .
But the city seems to have ignored their own ordering and instead hired several African American applicants who placed lower than the white applicants .
Each of the six who were hired ranked lower than the highest - ranking white applicant , the Justice Department wrote .
" Federal law guarantees equal access to employment opportunities without regard to race , " said Grace Chung Becker , Acting Assistant Attorney General for the Justice Departments Civil Rights Division , said in a release .
" The Department is committed to enforcing all the federal civil rights laws , including Title VII , under its jurisdiction . "
Gary 's corporate counsel , Hamilton Carmouche , told a local paper the list was prepared by the city 's previous mayor , and gave preference to applicants who lived in Gary .
" We hire not on the basis of any race , but on the basis of residency , " Carmouche said .
Use of the Civil Rights
Act to protect against discrimination against whites is not unprecedented , but it is a novel tactic by the Bush Administration 's lawyers .
Ironically , the Administration has n't been a big fan of expanding civil rights law .
Earlier this year , the White House fought efforts to elimination a statute of limitations measure that prevents employees from suing their employers for hiring discrimination if they do n't file suit with 180 days from the date of the discriminatory activity .
The so - called Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act , named after a female manager at an Alabama tire plant who discovered that her employer had hired her on different pay scale years before because she was a woman , found she could n't sue her employer because the 180 - day window had passed .
The measure has passed the House and Senate and was co-sponsored by then - senator Barack Obama ( D - IL )
In the statement at the time , the White House said the measure " effectively eliminates any time requirement for filing a claim involving compensation discrimination " and " would serve to impede justice and undermine the important goal of having allegations of discrimination expeditiously resolved . "
Anonymous celebrates one year of protests
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
Contact : anonymous@whyweprotest.net
Anonymous celebrates one year of protests .
Worldwide -
The internet - based collective known as Anonymous will mark their one year anniversary of peaceful protests against the Church of Scientology this February with global protests spanning several weekends .
Anonymous has raised global public awareness of the Church of Scientology 's scams and scandals over the last twelve months .
Highlights from the last twelve months include :
1 ) Court rejects Clearwater injunction in early March [ 1 ] .
The Scientology organisation attempted to fabricate enough threats against themselves to convince a court in Clearwater , Florida ( the Scientology " Mecca " ) to grant an injunction against peaceful Anonymous protests [ 2 ] .
2 ) Scientology under investigation worldwide .
* Raided by the Belgian authorities [ 3 ] .
* Ordered to stand trial for fraud in France [ 4 ] .
* In Kazakhstan , authorities are seeking to have the local chapter removed as the Church of Scientology " runs counter to principles of national security of the Republic of Kazakhstan , as it is aimed at undermining Kazakh nation 's health through inflicting harm on people 's psychic and physical health " [ 5 ] .
3 ) Scientology front groups exposed .
Leaked documents [ 6 ] have exposed the aims and intentions of the many Scientology front groups .
These documents prove that despite the groups ' insisting that the methods are secular , they are in fact founded upon the Scientology preudo - religious teachings .
These front groups include : Citizens Commission on Human Rights ( CCHR , anti-psychiatry wing of Scientology ) [ 7 ] ; Narconon ( drug rehab program based on Scientology , not related to Narcotics Anonymous ) [ 8 ] ; Study Technology ( Hubbard 's learning methodologies promoted by Applied Scholastics and other such groups ) [ 9 ] ; World Institute of Scientology Enterprises ( WISE ) [ 10 ] and Second Chance / Criminon [ 11 ] among others .
4 ) German government extend official invitation to Anonymous .
German authorities organised a conference last September in Hamburg entitled " What is Scientology ? " and extended an official invitation to Anonymous to attend .
Scientology representative Tommy Davis was denied access on the grounds that " If you discuss the dangers of illegal drugs , you do not invite the drug dealer to speak on stage " [ 12 ] .
Speeches given at this conference are available online [ 13 ] .
This year has seen much headway in the fight against the Scientology enterprise .
Many of their internal documents and policies have been leaked [ 14 ] , many media organisations have lost their fear of reporting on Scientology [ 15 ] , critical documentaries have achieved worldwide circulation [ 16 ] , and lawsuits have been filed that will further expose the enterprise [ 17 ] .
The global release of John Duignan 's book ' The Complex : An Insider Exposes the Covert World of the Church of Scientology ' [ 18 ] , which is still blocked from sale in the UK due to Scientology 's efforts [ 19 ] , has served to raise awareness about Scientology in the UK , as well as any country whose citizens heard about this censorship [ 20 ] .
What a difference a year makes .
Scientology operatives still continue to paint Anonymous in a negative light as a means of distracting attention from Scientology operations and attempting to discredit those who bring truth to the issues at hand .
It just is n't working .
It has been some twelve months - time to finish what was started .
About Anonymous :
Anonymous is a grassroots collective comprised of ordinary people from all walks of life , from former Scientologists and long - time cult activists , to college students and corporate professionals , all united in recognition of the malign nature of the ' Church ' of Scientology , the danger it poses to society , and the necessity of action .
We are Anonymous .
We are legion .
We do not forgive ,
We do not forget .
Expect us .
For more information visit :
http://www.whyweprotest.net
http://forums.whyweprotest.net
http://library.endthecult.com
http://anonstillalive.com
References :
[ 1 ] Media coverage of the court 's decision :
http://www.tampabay.com/news/courts/civil/article416511.ece
[ 2 ] Video analysis showing that Scientology manufactured the bomb threat :
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U6pdGhHvwu8
[ 3 ] Media coverage of the Belgian authorities raid :
http://en.wikinews.org/wiki/Authorities_in_Belgium_raid_Church_of_Scientology
[ 4 ]
Media coverage of the France trial :
http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2008/sep/09/france.religion
[ 5 ] Media coverage of the Kazakhstan case :
http://www.interfax.com/3/468595/news.aspx
[ 6 ]
Leaked Scientology document exposing their front groups :
http://wikileaks.org/wiki/Talk:The_Corporations_of_Scientology
[ 7 ]
Media coverage of the build up to the CCHR event held June 2008 :
http://archives.tcm.ie/irishexaminer/2008/06/27/story66081.asp
[ 8 ]
Media coverage exposing plans to use Narconon to infiltrate Irish schools :
http://anoneire.ning.com/profiles/blogs/cult-watchdog-says-scientology
[ 9 ]
Extensive analysis exposing Study Technology as poorly veiled Scientology :
http://www.studytech.org/study_tech.php
Irish
[ 10 ] WISE company Diskeeper is being sued for forcing Scientology teachings upon its employees :
http://realitybasedcommunity.net/archive/2008/12/former_cio_sues.php
[ 11 ]
Second chance violating there lease in New Mexico and leaving a substantial bill after they fled :
http://kob.com/article/stories/S761360.shtml?cat=500
[ 12 ]
Coverage of the conference :
http://www.indybay.org/newsitems/2008/09/06/18533664.php
[ 13 ]
The speeches made at the Hamburg conference :
http://www.youtube.com/user/AboutScientology
[ 14 ] Leaked Scientology documents :
http://wikileaks.org/wiki/Category:Scientology
[ 15 ]
Australian news broadcasts portions of the infamous OT3 lecture in Hubbard 's own voice for the first time .
OT3 is a level in Scientology which costs its members thousands of euro to learn .
It 's basic teachings is that all life 's anxieties and worries are caused by the infestation of dead alien souls :
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r0WetfWy3hE
[ 16 ]
A selection of documentaries about Scientology from various countries :
Spain - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c3cNdLK3tqs
Ireland - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ypDb2e4vdy4
Germany - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vl8gVtKzD5Q
Israel - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UsqMqtpU44o
England - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-dv4u3fVQrU
Denmark - http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=6722222657154769083
[ 17 ]
Analysis of the Headley 's cases against the Scientology enterprise :
http://realitybasedcommunity.net/archive/2009/01/marc_headley_v_1.php
http://realitybasedcommunity.net/archive/2009/01/claire_headley.php
[ 18 ] Buy ' The Complex ' here :
http://www.eason.ie/items/9781903582848
[ 19 ]
Scientology prevents UK - based booksellers from stocking ' The Complex ' :
http://anoneire.ning.com/profiles/blogs/church-of-scientology-prevents
[ 20 ]
Recent interview of John Duignan on the Gerry Ryan show :
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zRcRkpaA_7k
ENDS
© Scoop Media
Kelly Marie Pocock was " shocked " when she found out her son had been smoking A three - year - old boy lit a cigarette butt and smoked it in front of his mother , a court has been told .
It was filmed on a mobile and passed to social services by Kelly Marie Pocock 's friend , Merthyr Crown Court heard .
The friend earlier spotted him smoking a cigarette and said it looked like he had been " smoking for many years " .
The judge said it was an appalling case and Pocock , from Merthyr Vale , was sentenced to 40 weeks suspended for two years after admitting child cruelty .
But Judge John Curran said he did not jail Pocock because of her " considerable efforts " since the incident .
Prosecutor Jonathan Rees told the court Pocock 's friend Natasha Dudley filmed the events after visiting her home just after Christmas 2007 .
Mr Rees said Ms Dudley had gone looking for the boy after he had been missing for 30 minutes .
It is clear that the boy , at the age of three , knows what to do with a lighter and cigarette
Jonathan Rees , prosecuting " She found him underneath the bed with some cigarettes , " said Mr Rees .
" He was actually smoking one at the time and Ms Dudley said it looked like he had been smoking for many years . "
The court heard that when the boy was taken downstairs he went into the living room where he picked up a cigarette butt from an ashtray and smoked it .
Mr Rees said at this point , Pocock was having a telephone conversation so Ms Dudley decided to film the boy , such was her concern .
" The video demonstrates the boy placing a cigarette into his mouth , lighting it with a lighter and sucking , drawing smoke clearly into the lungs and he seems to do it with some accomplishment , " said Mr Rees .
" It does n't cause him any discomfort .
He is sat on a chair close to the mother , who is talking on the phone .
" It is clear that the boy , at the age of three , knows what to do with a lighter and cigarette . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The video was forwarded to social services who then referred the matter to the police .
In interview , Pocock told officers that she did not appreciate the fact that her son was smoking as she was on the telephone .
She also told officers that she was " shocked " when the matter was drawn to her attention .
After being charged , Pocock entered a guilty plea on the basis that she had not seen her son smoking before and had not been told of the incident underneath the bed by Ms Dudley .
I do n't see how , despite your basis of plea , you could have been unaware of the fact
Judge John Curran Claire Wilks , defending , asked Judge Curran to bear in mind the early guilty plea by her client .
" Fortunately time has now passed and in that time the defendant has been able to prove herself both to her children and , perhaps more importantly , their social worker , " said Ms Wilks .
The court heard she had attended six parenting courses since the incident .
Judge Curran said the case was one of the most " extraordinary " he had ever come across .
The judge said the boy would not have been able to smoke without discomfort " unless he had acquired a habit " .
" This is an appalling situation and I do n't see how , despite your basis of plea , you could have been unaware of the fact , " said Judge Curran .
The judge added that while the offence would normally cross the custody threshold , he did not want to cause her children any further emotional harm by separating them from their mother .
Apart from the suspended sentence , Judge Curran imposed a 12 - month supervision requirement .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Welcome to the Gadling top 25 travel technology products of 2008 .
It has been a great year for gadget loving travelers , and I have come across some really fantastic products that have helped make my own trips much more enjoyable .
It was not easy keeping the list to just 25 products , and there should be something for everyone in this lineup .
So , without any further delay , I present ( in no particular order ) , the 25 best travel technology products of 2008 .
Boingo
Boingo is the only thing listed in the top 25 that is n’t a physical product .
Boingo provides a service that lets you pay a single monthly fee to get access to over 103,000 different Wi -Fi hotspot locations around the world .
For $ 59 you get their global traveler plan , which offers unlimited access to any of the locations in the Boingo network .
If you have traveled the world , you ’ll have probably stayed at one of the many hotels using Wi-Fi as another source of income .
Think of Wi-Fi as the new minibar .
With daily rates as high as $ 30 , using Boingo makes perfect sense .
Business travelers will certainly appreciate the ability to use a single logon and not have to worry about a different expense for each connection they setup on a trip .
Why it matters to travelers :
Saves money and makes getting online around the globe much easier .
Price : From $ 7.95 for a US only PDA plan , $ 59 for a global plan
Where : Boingo.com
Gadling review : Coming soon .
T- Mobile Blackberry Curve
With all of the mobile phones popping up this year , you ’d probably expect me to pick the new 3G iPhone as the most travel friendly phone .
Sadly for Apple , it ’s actually a Blackberry that is still my favorite pick .
The Blackberry Curve on T - Mobile has one very important feature that makes it the perfect pick for global travelers ; Wi -Fi calling .
The technology is called UMA , and it allows the Blackberry to roam onto a Wi -Fi hotspot signal and behave just like it would on a regular cell tower .
You could be in Japan on a Wi -Fi signal in your hotel , and your Blackberry will be able to make and receive phone calls and text messages just like back home .
Of course , because you are not roaming on an international network , you can even make these calls for the same rate as a normal call back home , without the insane roaming rates involved .
Why it matters to travelers : Cheap calls , email , Internet browsing and travel applications .
Price : $ 99.99
Where : T - Mobile.com or any T - Mobile authorized dealer
Gadling review : October 15th 2008
Cradlepoint PHS300 personal Wi -Fi hotspot
Several years ago the big development in wireless technology was the availability of broadband 3G wireless access .
If you keep your eyes open next time you are at an airport lounge , you ’ll see loads of people working on their laptop with a little antenna sticking out the side of the machine .
To me , the biggest development in wireless data this year , came from the Cradlepoint PHS300 personal Wi -Fi hotspot .
The PHS300 turns your 3G modem into a Wi -Fi hotspot .
The battery powered device creates a wireless signal ready to use by one person , or an entire conference room .
By moving your wireless card out of your laptop , you also save battery life , plus you can move the Cradlepoint router closer to a window to pick up a better wireless signal .
Why it matters to travelers :
One modem card can be shared with others , reduces the load on your laptop .
Price : $ 179.99
Where : www.cradlepoint.com
Gadling review : August 25th 2008
Eye - Fi wireless enabled SD memory card
Nothing in the photography world has made life easier for me than the Eye - Fi wireless memory card .
The Eye - Fi card is a regular SD card , with a built in Wireless adapter .
What this means to anyone taking photos is that they can take a photo and within seconds it will be uploaded to their computer or a photo sharing site of their choice ( as long as you are in range of a wireless network ) .
The card was released last year , but 2008 brought several major updates to their lineup including the Eye - Fi Explore .
The Explore adds hotspot access to any Wayport locations , as well as basic Geotagging of your photos .
I ’ve become so used to offloading my photos using the Eye - Fi card that I actually lost the USB cable of my previous camera .
Why it matters to travelers :
Send your photos home before you leave your destination .
Price : From $ 79.99
Where : www.eye.fi
Gadling review : Coming soon
Panasonic Lumix TZ5
In picking my favorite digital camera for 2008 , I went through almost 15 different models .
When it comes to a camera that is suitable for travelers I looked for several things ; it had to be small enough for traveling light , and it had to offer something invaluable for making decent shots .
I ’ll admit right away that I am a horrible photographer , I ’ve played with digital SLR cameras , but never managed to quite master the art .
Since I ’m convinced the same applies to many other traveling consumers , I ’ve picked the small Lumix TZ5 for this lineup .
The TZ5 is a 9.1 megapixel camera like many other point and shooters on the market .
What makes the TZ5 different is its 10 x optical zoom and the ability to shoot basic HD video clips .
Why it matters to trav
elers : 10 x wide angle optical zoom , HD video clips , special “ travel ” mode for sorting your photos .
Price : $ 329.99
Where : www.panasonic.com
Gadling review : coming soon
Lenovo Ideapad S10
Every several years something big happens in the computer world .
3 years ago we saw a big shift from desktop PC purchases to notebooks .
2008 was the big year for the Netbook .
This new generation of ultra portable ( and ultra affordable ) computers has forced every major manufacturer to bring at least one machine to the market .
What started with a single design from Asus has now morphed into about 30 different machines .
I ’ve tried almost every single one of them , but eventually there was just one clear winner for me ; the Lenovo Ideapad S10 .
This 10 ″ Intel Atom powered Netbook is perfect for business travelers as it is available with Bluetooth and it has an Expresscard slot ( for expansion cards ) .
The Lenovo S10 has a very sleek design , and incorporates the reliability Lenovo is known for .
In my personal opinion , the S10 is also the best looking Netbook of the year .
Why it matters to travelers : Size , looks and performance .
Price : From $ 399
Where : www.lenovo.com
Gadling review : coming soon
SeV Quantum jacket
When you are on the road a lot , you learn to value the importance of pockets .
It sounds pretty quirky , but the combination of travel and carrying too many gadgets means you always need more ways to carry them .
The SeV Quantum jacket is a stylish jacket made of breathable material .
Hidden away all around this garment are 28 separate pockets , including some large enough to carry a water bottle or even a small laptop !
Almost every pocket is linked to the others using the SeV patented “ personal area network ” which allows you to route cords inside the jacket .
The Quantum even features 2 special pockets with clear plastic which allow you to have easy access to your iPod or mobile phone .
Why it matters to travelers : Pockets , lots and lots of pockets .
Price : $ 250
Where : www.scottevest.com
Gadling review : September 29th 2008
Tom Bihn Checkpoint Flyer
After years of making our lives miserable , the TSA actually used 2008 to help bring some common sense back to the checkpoint .
One of their accomplishments was the creation of some better rules for how they treat your laptop .
In the past , they were so scared of laptop computers that they wanted every laptop on its own going through the X - Ray conveyor .
The new rules allow you to keep it inside an approved bag .
The Tom Bihn Checkpoint Flyer was one of the first checkpoint friendly bags to ship .
The bag is made in the USA and features an ingenious folding laptop portion .
The bag is very well made , and is full of great little touches like waterproof zippers .
Why it matters to travelers : Every minute saved at the checkpoint is valuable .
Price : $ 225
Where : www.tombihn.com
Gadling review : October 7th 2008
Altec - Lansing iM237 Orbit MP3 portable speaker
The Altec Lansing Orbit MP3 speaker is the perfect companion for your iPod , iPhone or other music player .
The speaker works off three AAA batteries and allows you to store the audio cord in the bottom .
The Orbit MP3 produces an amazing amount of sound , and despite its tiny size , you ’ll easily be able to fill a decent size hotel room with your tunes .
Why it matters to travelers : Room filling audio from a pint sized speaker .
Price : $ 39.95
Link : www.alteclansing.com
Gadling review : October 29th 2008
Creative Labs Aurvana headphones
I ’ve had the Creative Labs Aurvana X - Fi headphones lined up for a review for some time , but I ’ve been using them so often that I never got around to giving you a full review .
The Aurvana X - Fi headphones feature the highly rated Creative X - Fi system for improving the sound quality of your digital music as well as a special mode for creating virtual surround sound when you listen to a movie .
The headphones are even $ 50 cheaper than that “ other ” brand of popular noise canceling headphones .
The Creative Labs Auravna X - Fi headphones are quite simply the best noise canceling headphones I have ever used .
Included in the package is a sturdy carrying case , adapters for most headphone jacks and an extension cord .
Why it matters to travelers : Combines amazing sound quality with amazing noise canceling features .
Price : $ 249.99
Link : www.creative.com
Gadling review : coming soon
Duracell PowerSource mini battery pack
I like power .
Sadly I do n’t have much of the influential kind , so I compensate by collecting gadgets that can keep my other gadgets working .
The Duracell Portable Power Pack is such a device .
This small rechargeable Lithium - Ion battery pack features a folding USB connector , a second female USB connector and a battery life indicator .
A fully charged Duracell battery pack holds enough juice to recharge most of my gadgets at l
east three times .
Why it matters to travelers :
Because a gadget without power can be really depressing .
Price : $ 39.99
Link : www.duracellpower.com
Gadling review : coming soon
Peek Email device
Back in September we posted the first ever review of this personal email device .
Peek is a handheld wireless emailer which runs off the nationwide T - Mobile network .
For $ 99 ( priced at $ 79.99 till the end of the year ) and a monthly service charge of $ 19.99 , you get unlimited access to your email on the go .
There is no contract , and no paperwork involved .
You simply give Peek a credit card number , and you are all set .
I like Peek because it delivers on its promise ; it does email , and only email , but it does that one thing quite well .
Peek was recently voted “ best gadget of 2008 ” by Time magazine .
Why it matters to travelers : Provides simple and affordable email on the go for anyone .
Price : $ 99.95 ( $ 79.99 till December 31st )
Link : www.getpeek.com
Gadling review : August 26th 2008
Chargepod
The Chargepod by Callpod has completely changed the way I charge my gadgets on the road .
In the past I had a complicated array of chargers , cables and splitters .
The Chargepod powers off one AC adapter , and can power 6 gadgets at the same time .
Chargepod offers an impressive list of power adapter tips for anything from your Bluetooth headset to the latest portable gaming console .
I have yet to run into a gadget that ca n’t be powered off the Chargepod .
Why it matters :
One charger instead of 6
Price : $ 39.95 for the base unit , or $ 79.99 for the bundle pack with a selection of power tips
Where : www.callpod.com
Gadling review : August 28th 2008
Otterbox cases
As gadget prices go up , so does the disappointment when a gadget breaks .
Anyone who is on the road a lot will subject their gadgets to all kinds of abuse .
Otterbox produces a lineup of cases that provide several levels of protection .
They vary from basic bump and scratch protection , to full water and shockproof protection .
Otterbox cases are available for all iPods as well as most Blackberry smartphones including the recently released Blackberry Bold .
Why it matters to travelers :
Take your gadget to the beach , or up a mountain .
Price : From $ 19.95
Where : www.otterbox.com
Gadling review : September 10th 2008
Amazon Kindle
It ’s almost impossible to list “ best gadgets ” without mentioning the Amazon Kindle .
This electronic book reader launched in November of 2007 and has been one of the top selling electronic devices on Amazon.com ever since .
The Kindle was not the first electronic book on the market , but it does something no other eBook can do ; wireless downloads of books .
No longer will you have to jump into the book store at the airport to buy another overpriced book , nor do you need to stock your carry - on with magazines and newspapers .
The Amazon Kindle offers it all , in a slick and easy to use package .
The usability is slightly questionable , and the page changing buttons are a nightmare to use , but at the end of the day , nothing beats the ability to download a book right before takeoff .
In addition to books , the Kindle also offers wireless access to select newspapers , magazines and RSS feeds .
Why it matters to travelers :
Never worry about running out of something to read on the road , reduce the weight of your carry - on .
Price : $ 359 + the price of your reading materials
Where : www.amazon.com
Gadling review : coming soon
For Peter Mandelson , this Tuesday is special .
There will be little by way of celebration , but it will not be the mournful anniversary he once feared .
On 23 December , it will be 10 years since Lord Mandelson cast himself out of Tony Blair 's Cabinet over his extravagant home loan from Geoffrey Robinson .
How are the fallen , now , mighty .
" I can scarcely believe I am writing this letter to you , " the outgoing Trade and Industry Secretary wrote at the time in his resignation note to Mr Blair , as he careered out of the New Labour project .
" In the future , " the Prime Minister responded , " you will achieve much , much more with us . "
Neither could have predicted that the arch - Blairite 's contribution would – eventually – be from a position of unrivalled influence in a Gordon Brown government .
He might even allow himself a John Sergeant - style sashay into work at the Department for Business , Enterprise and Regulatory Reform ( BERR ) .
The return of the Prince of Darkness to the Cabinet was as improbable as his explanation that his new role is to make Brownites and Blairites laugh together again .
Apart from the fact that few can remember when anyone from the feuding houses of New Labour ever shared much of a laugh , the new Lord Mandelson of Foy and Hartlepool was never the party 's most likely unity candidate .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The political calculation behind his resurrection was simple : at a time when the Prime Minister 's future was under threat , it would buy off mounting Blairite opposition and allow a tottering Mr Brown to concentrate on the economic crisis .
The desperate gesture appears to have worked – for the moment at least .
The Blairite rump is becalmed and Mr Brown 's personal standing in the country has improved .
" Now the press brief thuds on to my desk with page after page about what Peter did and what Peter did next , " said the Liberal Democrat peer Lord McNally .
" One day he is Mephistopheles , the next day he is John Travolta . "
The downside for many of the Prime Minister 's most loyal camp followers is that , in under three months , his former deadly rival has managed to expand his sphere of influence to a point where he is Mr Brown 's deputy in all but name .
Rivals for that position , notably Jack Straw and Harriet Harman , are already suitably miffed , as the Prime Minister 's circle of close confidants has effectively shrivelled to two – the loyal Ed Balls and the man he once considered his worst enemy .
" Calling Mandelson back could have been seen as a masterstroke if it was about offering a sop to the Blairites , " a veteran Brownite glumly observed last night .
" But it looks more and more like an act of desperation that has backfired completely . "
Mr Mandelson has quickly become the ubiquitous face – and voice – of the Government on issues that often extend beyond his ministerial responsibilities .
Now , however , his growing authority within the Cabinet and the party at large is being put to the test by two hugely divisive issues that are directly within his sphere of influence .
Lord Mandelson has come into conflict with the Chancellor over the prospect of a bailout to rescue the foreign - owned luxury car - maker Jaguar Land - Rover .
The Secretary of State for Business has insisted he is not wielding an " open chequebook " , but he is believed to support a rescue plan that could involve more than £ 1bn of taxpayers ' money .
Sources within his department claim Lord Mandelson favours an agreement whereby the Government would underwrite the firm 's loans to allow it to continue trading , without necessarily requiring an injection of public funds .
" This firm represents 75,000 jobs and £ 3bn in R&D investment , " a source at BERR stressed last night .
" It would be astonishing if we ignored it . "
Inside Politics newsletter
The latest news on Brexit , politics and beyond direct to your inbox Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive updates on politics every morning by email Update newsletter preferences
But Mr Darling is stridently opposed to what the Treasury fears would be a " rushed " rescue .
The Independent on Sunday understands that the Chancellor has challenged the idea because of the precedent it would set for other potential claimants .
A Treasury official explained : " At the very least , we want to wait to consider this in a more measured way " – which would rule out a resolution before Christmas .
The spat will have consequences far beyond the workers at Jaguar and Land - Rover : it may force Mr Brown to rule between two of his most senior ministers , effectively a choice between the old guard and his new friend .
The Mandelson effect is also being felt outside the Cabinet .
Late last week , the Business Secretary sat down with five worried senior Labour backbenchers to discuss his proposal for a part - privatisation of the Royal Mail .
Old - style MPs reported that the meeting got " pretty heated " , as the minister refused to budge on their concerns and failed to answer questions over the timing of any legislation .
Lord Mandelson , who expressed a hope that the campaign against the " sell - off " would not get too personal , is unlikely to get his wish .
Government whips report that some 50 Labour MPs are now poised to vote against the plans – and that the minister is a central target of their campaign .
His enemies should have learned by now that while Lord Mandelson never lost his knack for attracting controversy , he remains equally accomplished at attracting power to himself .
Jan. 4 , 2009  -- " Zone 4 is now boarding . "
With that announcement , one lines up , walks past the ticket - taker , down the ramp , and eventually enters the plane to witness a few people valiantly crunching their ungainly carry - on bags into the overhead compartments and most others impatiently waiting in the aisles to do the same .
Those already in the aisle seats are casting a wary eye on the next backpack threatening to attack them when its owner unthinkingly pivots in the aisle .
Is the standard boarding method really the best way to load an airplane ?
There are variations , but almost all methods currently in use board by seat or zone number so that those whose seats are near the back of the plane board first and hence do n't block passengers boarding after them .
That 's the theory , at least .
Alas , since the people in a single row can't all stow their bags simultaneously , there are always people blocking the aisle as they try to stow their bags .
Moreover , those sitting in the aisle seats are not only dodging passing luggage , but must rise and let later - arriving passengers sitting in the window and middle seats enter their row .
It 's a time - consuming , spirit - sapping mess .
Better Boarding Procedures : Separating Passengers
Enter Jason Steffen , an astrophysicist at Fermi Lab near Chicago .
Using computer simulations , he has examined different plane boarding strategies with an eye toward their speed and efficiency .
For simplicity , his model assumes a plane with 120 passengers seated in 40 rows , each with a central aisle having three seats to the left and three seats to the right of it .
It also assumes that each of the 120 passengers has an assigned seat number and carry - on baggage and that they move forward if and only if no one is directly in front of them .
So , given these reasonable assumptions , what 's the best way to board ?
It seems intuitive that the worst way is to load those passengers seated in the front of the plane first and then those a bit further back and so on .
And this is , in fact , the worst way to board passengers .
So , it might seem almost as intuitive that the standard way -- loading the back rows first and then gradually rows nearer the front -- should be among the best ways to board , but Steffen 's simulations indicate that this is the second - slowest way .
Even random boarding is faster .
The Algorithm
After many simulations allowing for different sets of passenger quirks and luggage - stowing times , it turns out that the best method ( one of several more or less equivalent methods ) calls for passengers in even - numbered window seats near the back of the plane to board first .
Passengers hefting their carry - ons into the overhead compartments are less likely to get in each other 's way if there 's an empty row between them .
Moreover , they can step into the empty row if someone seated further back needs to pass .
After these passengers have boarded , passengers in even - numbered window seats in the middle of the plane board , and they are followed by those in even - numbered window seats near the front of the plane .
Next , the same procedure is followed for those in the even - numbered middle seats and then for those in the even - numbered aisle seats .
Finally , after the even - numbered passengers have boarded , the same procedure ( window , middle , aisle from back to front ) is followed for passengers in the odd - numbered seats .
These passengers may not always have an empty row to step into , but they will still be separated from entering passengers by a row of already seated even - numbered passengers .
It appears that the reason the protocol is faster is that it allows multiple passengers to simultaneously stow their baggage , the most time - consuming component of the boarding process .
This and other similar schemes Steffen discusses may seem too complicated for passengers to master , but passengers need n't remember the seating order algorithm .
They can each be assigned a zone consistent with it and enter by zones , as they presently do .
The outcome is fairly robust in the sense that it 's relatively insensitive to deviations from it , say , because of couples or families being seated together .
Airlines should , of course , supplement these theoretical conclusions with empirical investigations .
The simulations suggest that using something like the above protocol would reduce boarding time to 1/6th of that required by the standard procedure !
Multiply the average number of passengers per plane trip by the approximate number of trips by the number of minutes saved per boarding , and the number of man hours saved would be more than considerable .
There must be faster , more rational ways to go through security , as well , but , alas , " Zone 4 is now boarding . "
John Allen Paulos , a professor of mathematics at Temple University , is the author of the best - sellers " Innumeracy " and " A Mathematician Reads the Newspaper , " as well as of the just - released " Irreligion : A Mathematician Explains Why The Arguments for God Just Don't Add Up . "
His " Who 's Counting ? " column on ABCNews.com appears the first weekend of every month .
Advertisements
Usually the holidays are a dead zone for political news , but we can thank Chip Saltsman and the racist faction of the GOP for showing us the true spirit of the season for his gifting of a political satire CD with the track Barack the Magic Negro .
RNC Chair Mike Duncan released a statement today that tried to distance himself and the party from the controversy , “ The 2008 election was a wake - up call for Republicans to reach out and bring more people into our party .
I am shocked and appalled that anyone would think this is appropriate as it clearly does not move us in the right direction . ”
Saltsman , who served as the former chairman of Mike Huckabee ’s presidential campaign , and is now running against Duncan and others to be the next RNC chairman , gave the gift of conservative political satirist Paul Shanklin ’s CD We Hate The USA to RNC members .
Advertisements
Saltsman defended the CD to The Hill , “ Paul Shanklin is a long - time friend , and I think that RNC members have the good humor and good sense to recognize that his songs for the Rush Limbaugh show are light - hearted political parodies . ”
Here is the song :
Duncan gets it .
The Republican Party is not going to rebuild itself by becoming the party of white people .
The racist attitude of some Republicans on immigration cost the GOP the Hispanic vote in 2008 , but there is a wing of the party that would happily embrace being the party of whites .
I disagree with Saltsman ’s characterization of the song .
A white man impersonating a black man talking about the hood is not light hearted political parody .
It is racism .
Duncan himself has been very critical of Obama , but has not touched the issue of race .
I understand that Republicans are desperate to find a way to criticize Obama , but using race is not the way to do it .
This is the latest shot in a war between the two sides of the GOP .
We saw the same issue play out during the 2008 presidential campaign between John McCain and many of his fellow Republicans .
The GOP is divided right now between those who think the party must change , and those who believe that everything is fine .
Hollywood star Hugh Jackman charmed more than ten million Germans after he gently carried a German minister to her seat on a TV talk show .
BILD asked the man voted ‘ Sexiest Man Alive ’ the question on every girl 's lips - what does he find sexy ?
The actor revealed : “ Humour , and above all , self confidence .
When you know where you are coming from , what you are portraying and when you feel comfortable in your own skin – that is very attractive . ”
Jackman seems to be comfortable in his role as ‘ Sexiest Man Alive ’ ( Daniel Craig is number two ) , but admits that it took some getting used to :
Related news Hugh Jackman Mr. Sex 's advice : " Do n't dream , live ! " Hollywood star and ' Mr. Sex ' Hugh Jackman spoke to BILD about his new film ' Australia ' , and how the advice he would give to anyone is : " Do n't dream , live ! "
“ I was shocked at first .
My friends made fun of me for it .
Can you imagine how Australian men react to such a label ?
When I think about it , it ’s really bizarre . ”
But Jackman knows it could be worse : “ Honestly speaking , it is better to be on this list than perhaps on the ‘ Worst Dressed ’ or ‘ Has Been ’ lists . ”
The actor surely wo n’t be making an appearance in either of those two lists any time soon .
Thanks to his muscular body , Hugh looks good in both suits and casual clothes .
But while he loves the world stage , Hugh also dreams of just being at home with his wife .
He added : " I have lived like a gypsy over the last ten years .
I have only just realised how much I like the idea of having a proper home . ”
Watch the video for the full interview .
User profile : 173388 Blog Canonical Opens Codec Sales And Potential Can Of Worms
This is 173388 Blog Canonical Opens Codec Sales And Potential Can Of Worms 's personal page .
173388 Blog Canonical Opens Codec Sales And Potential Can Of Worms
Attention : Men , Women , and Children
If you own a certain model of uterus , please return it to the manufacturer immediately .
The Consumer Product Safety Commission has determined that your ovaries may detach , presenting a choking hazard to small children .
The uterus in question is a plush toy made by an online store called I Heart Guts ! , which makes plush versions of several other organs , including a kidney ( “ for when urine love ” ) and a liver ( “ I ’m a liver , not a fighter . ” )
— Bob Finn
Tip of the hat to The Consumerist .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Posted in Devices , medical art , Sex , weird but cool
Only if you lived in a cave could you avoid news about California 's dire financial situation .
The governor and legislators still disagree about what to do , but all of the proposals aimed at closing the state 's $ 42 billion budget gap are painful and politically unpopular .
One obvious way to take a big chunk out of the deficit - without closing schools or putting the sick and elderly out on the streets - has n't even been discussed .
Tax marijuana .
New sin taxes are likely going to be part of the solution to our financial woes .
Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger proposed a nickel - per - drink alcohol tax increase last year .
More recently , Assemblyman Tom Torlakson , D - Antioch , introduced legislation to tack on an additional $ 2.10 per pack in cigarette taxes .
Yet marijuana , California 's largest cash crop , is completely untaxed .
The marijuana crop is valued at $ 13.8 billion annually - nearly double the value of our vegetable and grape crops combined .
Our state is the nation 's top marijuana producer .
Indeed , the average annual value of our marijuana crop is more than the combined value of wheat and cotton produced in the entire United States .
According to government surveys , 14.5 million Americans use marijuana at least monthly but both the producers and consumers of this crop escape paying any taxes whatsoever on it .
While precise figures are impossible given the illicit nature of the market , it is reasonable to suggest that California could easily collect at least $ 1.5 billion and maybe as much as $ 4 billion annually in additional tax revenue , if we took marijuana out of the criminal underground and taxed and regulated it , similar to how handle beer , wine and tobacco .
Marijuana prohibition costs us in other ways as well .
Last year , the state 's Campaign Against Marijuana Planting ( CAMP ) eradicated 2.9 million marijuana plants .
CAMP and similar efforts have never made the slightest dent in the availability of marijuana , but they do involve many thousands of person - hours of effort and the use of helicopters and other expensive equipment - all at taxpayers ' expense .
It gets worse .
Some 70 percent of the plants CAMP seized were on public lands - often remote corners of national forests , parks and other wilderness areas .
These clandestine gardens pose a threat to our environment as well as the safety of hikers and other visitors to our parks .
Regulating marijuana would remove incentives to grow these secret farms on public land and save millions in eradication and environmental clean - up costs .
After all , there 's a reason we never hear of criminal gangs planting illicit vineyards in our national forests .
California 's taxpayers are also paying law enforcement officers to arrest marijuana consumers .
According to FBI statistics , California arrested 74,119 people on marijuana charges in 2007 - nearly 80 percent of those were for simple possession .
Chasing down people for using this plant costs us real money and is n't proving an effective strategy for curbing its use .
Every lost revenue source or misplaced expenditure is another deep cut into public safety , schools , and other essential services .
It 's time to tax and regulate the state 's largest cash crop .
On this installment of Target : Women , Sarah Haskins digs her claws into insidious jewelry ads clogging up our cable .
" All kinds of white , middle class heterosexual people give each other jewelry at Christmas to say that they love each other , " Sarah explains .
Diamonds are forever , she points out , " Just like roaches ! " Clip above .
Advertisement
Target Women : Jewlery [ Current ]
What is simplicity ?
Simplicity is the quality of being natural , plain and easy to understand .
It is not surprising then that simplicity is often thrived for in user interface design .
Most people naturally dislike complexity in devices and software .
Yes , some people find joy in figuring out how something works , but for most of us , being unable to operate a device leads to wasted time and frustration , and that ’s not a good thing .
If you can take a complex device or a piece of software and somehow rearrange , reorganize and redesign the interface to make it easy to use and understand , then you ’re well on the way to delivering a better user experience .
In this article I ’m going to talk about 7 practical techniques that you can utilize in web design to make your websites or web applications simpler and less cluttered .
1. Modal windows .
I ’m sure you can remember the days before pop-up blockers were introduced into web browsers , when you had to fight a swarm of little windows that all too often decided to pop up over the top of your browser window , seemingly with the sole purpose of annoying you .
Nobody liked those pop-up windows , and blocking technologies were introduced to stop them .
But today , we ’re seeing a new breed of pop -up windows on the web that are a lot cleaner and work a lot better at their intended purpose .
These are modal windows .
Modal windows are like pop -up windows , but instead of appearing in a separate browser window , they appear right inside the current one , over the top of the content .
Modal windows require interaction to proceed , so the content below is usually darkened to indicate this , as well as to block out the distracting noise of the content and shift visual focus on the window above .
So why would you use modal windows and how do they simplify your interface ?
Well , if you look at the alternative , their purpose becomes much clearer .
The alternative to using something like a modal window is usually to load a new page .
For example , some sites have a settings page for your account .
When you click on the settings link , you ’re taken to a new page .
But what if there were only a few settings options — is it really worth redirecting the user to a new page ?
In a lot of cases , things like settings , edit boxes and login forms can be displayed in a modal window over the content .
This saves the user a return trip to another page .
It also lightens the load on the web server as it has to deal with fewer requests .
ActionMethod , a project management app , displays modal windows throughout the application .
Here ’s the Appreciation form .
2. Hover controls .
Putting fewer things on the plate would also make the dish easier to swallow .
If your application has many controls , your users will need to scan through most of them to find what they ’re looking for .
Chances are , some of the controls are less important than others , and some of the controls are used much less than others .
The simplest thing you can do is tuck away and hide these controls from the default view .
A clever way to do this is to hide the controls , but then show them when the user is hovering over certain areas .
These are hover controls .
For example , Twitter , a popular micro-blogging app , displays a feed of what everybody on your follow list has recently said .
Each message is encapsulated in its own little box .
There are two actions you can perform on each message : add it to your favorites or reply to it .
Displaying the favorite and reply buttons on all the messages would lead to clutter .
You ’re not likely to want to respond to every message in the feed , and even less likely to want to add all of them to your favorites .
So Twitter only displays the controls in the right context — when you hover over the message .
This leads to a simpler interface and no loss in functionality .
There is a danger of new users not noticing these controls when they ’re hidden ; however , a lot of people tend to mouse over things they ’re looking at , so given the hover areas are large enough , these controls are likely to be discovered quickly .
Twitter shows the add to favorites and reply buttons for each message as you hover over it .
3. Controls on demand .
Another way of hiding things is to utilize Javascript and display a set of controls when the user clicks somewhere .
For example , you may have a search box on your site that allows for some custom filters or advanced searches .
Instead of showing these options by default , you can hide them away and make them accessible via a button at the end of the search bar .
Clicking on this button could reveal the set of options or filters .
This means you retain the advanced functionality for those users who need it , and at the same time simplify the interface for people who just need to use the simple search .
Not everybody uses some of the more advanced or specialized controls on your site .
By hiding them , you ’re making the interface cleaner and easier to understand because new users have fewer elements to process and figure out .
Selecting what to hide and what to keep is n’t an easy task though , and it is your job as the designer to find a suitable balance .
Kontain , a blogging app , provides advanced search filters for their search , concealed in a drop - down menu at the end of the search bar .
4. Expanding forms .
I ’m sure you ’re familiar with the file upload field we often see in web forms .
It ’s usually a little bar with a file browse button by the side .
Imagine a situation where the user is likely to upload several files at once though .
You could display several file upload fields , but that ’s not ideal because it will clutter the interface and there is no way to tell how many fields the user will need .
A great solution in this case would be to use an expanding form .
Once the user uploads one file , another file upload field will appear underneath , ready to accept more .
You can implement the same technique for any other input field .
For example , maybe this form needs a bunch of email addresses for people you want to invite to a team or some other purpose .
Instead of having a lot of text fields , you could just have one or a couple , and then as the user fills them in , new ones are created underneath .
Expanding the form in this way is a great way to save space and simplify your interface .
Gmail only displays one attachment field when you compose a new message .
You can click on the “ Attach another file ” link to open up more when you need them .
5. Labels inside input forms .
Forms can get complex fast .
You have text fields , labels , text areas , drop downs , checkboxes and so on and so forth .
What ’s more , filling out forms is n’t usually very fun , so speeding up the process and making forms simpler will make them less daunting and easier to use .
One technique you can use to make the forms appear simpler , is to move the labels from outside of the input areas inwards .
So , instead of showing a label next to that text field , show it as a pre-filled value inside the text field .
This cuts down on space considerably , shrinking the overall size of the form .
Smaller things appear simpler , so the form should look easier to fill in .
It may not be possible to do this for more complicated forms where you have a variety of input types ( checkboxes , radio buttons , drop - downs ) , but if you have a few text fields it is well worth considering , e.g. a login form .
Now , there is a downside to this method , which fortunately can be addressed with a more thorough implementation .
When the user first loads the page , they ’ll see the fields and will be able to read the labels .
Once they click on a field , most forms like this will hide the label completely , allowing the user to type in their input .
But what if the user prematurely clicks on a field , and then forgets what it is they were meant to be typing ?
They may need to click away from the form to get the label to appear again ( hopefully ) .
To address this , instead of completely hiding the label , you can dim it when the user clicks on it , and then hide it completely when the user starts typing .
MobileMe shows labels inside input fields on their login screen , and then dims them further when you select a field .
6. Icons instead of text .
To achieve simplicity in interface design , you need to reduce and take away all the unnecessary or seldom used parts .
These not only include controls , but can also be things like text labels .
If your interface has a lot of labels , look at it and ask yourself — are all these labels necessary ?
Are most of them simply stating the obvious ?
If a label is pointing out something which is obvious given the context of that item , then you do n’t need that label — it ’s obsolete .
To give you an example of this , think about posts in a blog .
Under each post ’s headline you may have things like date and author .
Attaching labels before each one like “ Author : ” and “ Date : ” may not be needed .
When somebody sees a name and a date under an article ’s headline they are very likely to figure out that this is the author and that ’s the date .
The context , as well as the format that they ’re used to from reading other blogs , gives your users all the clues they need to instantly understand the meaning behind the data .
Stripping away those labels will give you a cleaner interface .
In some cases where leaving out a label wo n’t work , you can replace the label with an icon .
An icon has some advantages over a text label .
It takes less space .
It ’s easier to focus on as its color and distinctive shape attracts the eye easier than text .
In some cases the meaning can be conveyed just as effectively as text .
For example , if you have a label called “ Tags : ” followed by a list of tag links , you could replace the label with a small image of a tag .
Provided that you have a tech savvy audience , the meaning in this case should remain just as clear .
Of course it wo n’t work for all cases , and if there is a danger of being ambiguous , you should play it safe and use a text label .
Having said this , there is no reason to pick one or the other exclusively — you can benefit from the attractive eye - catching properties of icons together with the clarity of text by using them together ; although in that case you ’ll be trading off space .
Highrise , a CRM app , uses a tag icon in place of a text label before a list of tags .
7. Context based controls .
There are a couple of approaches you can use in interface design that relate to context and consistency .
One dictates that you should keep controls consistent throughout your applications or websites to ensure that people know where everything is and do n’t get confused .
The other approach is to change controls or navigation based on the context of each page or window .
The context based approach is one where you display only the stuff the user needs to complete the task they ’re working on in that particular context .
A good illustration of the two approaches can be seen in the recent redesign of the Microsoft Office interface .
Office 2003 , as well as its older siblings , followed the design principle of keeping things consistent .
You had a bunch of toolbars displayed on the screen at all times , and these did n’t change whether you were working with tables , graphics , text or pictures .
Microsoft redesigned this interface for Office 2007 using a context based approach .
At the top you now see a ribbon — or a set of tabs .
When selected , each tab displays a set of controls relevant to any given task , be it proofreading , working with graphics , or simply writing .
The context based approach allows you to show fewer controls at any given time , but at the same time , more controls that are relevant to the task at hand .
I would n’t recommend using a context - heavy approach for general web design because for most websites people expect to see consistent site - wide navigation .
This is because every website is different , and it would make the browsing experience much harder if all the individual pages on a particular site were different too .
Having said this , this can be utilized for web applications because they ’re not just simple websites — they ’re pieces of software that live in the cloud .
People are likely to spend a lot of time on a web app and will have more opportunity to learn how it works .
The complexity of some web apps means that you really need to utilize the context based approach , because if you do n’t , there will be too much on the screen at any given time for anyone to process .
By showing only a few relevant controls for a given task , your users can figure out what to do in much less time .
Freckle , a time tracking app , has a switcher at the top of their main toolbar .
It switches between time input controls and report controls , only showing one set at a time .
This makes sense because you ’re either inputting time or making a report — not two things at the same time .
To conclude …
“ The simplest way to achieve simplicity is through thoughtful reduction ” – John Maeda , The Laws of Simplicity .
Making your interface smaller , hiding advanced functionality and taking out the obvious is the path to a simpler interface .
Along this path you ’ll face many obstacles .
For every feature you hide or take away , there will be people who complain and demand that you bring it back .
But every one of your users has different needs and uses your web app or website in a different way .
If you listen to all the feature requests and needs , and go as far as addressing and implementing them all , you ’re unlikely to arrive at the zenith of software design .
More likely , you ’ll stumble into a deep pit of bloat from which it ’s almost impossible to climb out .
Once you add a feature , it is very hard to take it out because people will begin using it and some will depend on it .
Because of this , make sure that every feature , and every interface element you add makes sense and adds real value to your product .
More features means more controls and content .
More controls and contents makes it harder to make the interface simple and clutter free .
Simplicity is all about reducing and reorganizing the complex into small and manageable .
If anything , you should aim to take away , rather than to to add .
A product with fewer buttons is n’t necessarily less powerful — it ’s likely just better designed .
Written exclusively for WDD by Dmitry Fadeyev .
He runs a blog on usability called Usability Post .
Do you use any of these techniques in your designs ?
Do you think they help the user experience ?
Please share your experiences with us .
Here ’s a very tiny jQuery plugin which makes it possible to delay a jQuery animation ( or any function ) for any amount of time .
When you call one animation after another jQuery automatically queues them up and then executes them in order .
This plugin inserts a pseudo - animation into that queue resulting in what seems like a delay .
This post has been updated since it ’s original publication .
The Code :
$. fn . delay = function ( time , callback ) { //
Empty function : j Query .
fx . step .
delay = function ( ) { } ; //
Return meaningless animation , ( will be added to queue ) return this .
animate ( { delay : 1 } , time , callback ) ; }
Usage :
$ ( ' div ' ) . delay ( 1000 ) . animate ( { height : 200 } ) . delay ( 1000 ) . animate ( { height : 400 } ) . delay ( 500 ) . fadeOut ( ) . delay ( 500 ) .
fadeIn ( ) ;
If you want to delay something which is not an animation then you have to pass it in it ’s own function as the second parameter to ‘ delay ’ .
You can use the ‘ this ’ keyword to reference the current subject of the chain within this callback function :
// Change background color of all anchors after 1 second : $ ( ' a ' ) . delay ( 1000 , function ( ) { $ ( this ) .
css ( { background : ' red ' } ) ; } ) ;
All the plugin does is fake an animation of a property which does n’t exist .
Assigning an empty function to that property is n’t necessary – it ’s only for cleanliness ( plus I have a feeling it wo n’t work in really old browsers without it ) .
There is a ‘ delay ’ plugin already made available by Evan Byrne over here , the only problem with it is that it wo n’t work in the same fashion as above ( queuing animations ) and it does not make the subject of the chain available through the ‘ this ’ keyword in the callback ( you might argue that this is a feature though ) .
If you do n’t want normal delayed actions ( adding a callback which changes some CSS , for example ) to be appended to the animation queue I suggest using Evan’s .
Thanks for reading !
Please share your thoughts with me on Twitter .
Have a great day !
Accents in children 's animated featiures
as a device for teaching children
to ethnocentrically discriminate
Eric Wenke
LING 057
Language and Popular Culture
Spring 1998
Introduction
The following paper concerns the use of accents in children 's animated features .
Lippi-Green 's ( 1997 ) claim that animated features teach children to ethnocentrically discriminate by portraying bad characters with foreign accents is examined in the context of recent and classic Disney films .
In addition , representations of animal communication and social dialect are demonstrated to be instrumental to the shaping of specific Disney characters as villainous .
A review of film literature , psycho- and socio- linguistic scholarly journals , and viewings of specific Disney animated features are utilized to demonstrate the importance of character accents in teaching children to discriminate between character roles in the films .
Literature review
The main documentation for this paper was taken from English with an Accent : Language , ideology and discrimination in the United States , by Lippi - Green ( 1997 ) .
The book explores language subordination in the United States as a means to maintain the status quo .
Specifically , the paper focuses on Lippi -Green 's claim that animated features teach children to ethnocentrically discriminate .
In order to explore Lippi - Green 's claim , a definition of accent and the social ramifications of accented speech are taken from Sociophonology by John Honey ( 1997 ) .
A theory on the « non- authentic » use of foreign language in cinema in order to create effect is taken from « Language and Authenticity , » by Schiffman ( 1998 ) .
Furthermore , the recent explosion in the use of British accents in American television and the stereotypes it conveys is explored by Gould ( 1998 ) .
Research on the ability of children to assign social status based on speech patterns is taken from Giles ( 1971 ) in order to demonstrate that children will perceive the stereotypes associated with character accents .
A review of studies by Lambert ( 1967 ) is examined to demonstrate how regional and linguistic competence affect the evaluation of one 's personality .
Finally Leifer , Gordon , and Graves ' ( 1974 ) theories on the effects of television on the minority child are explored to demonstrate the effects of the association of character accents and negative character portrayals on child viewers .
Statement of Purpose
Lippi-Green ( 1997 ) argues that institutions in the US function to subordinate ethnic groups through language .
She defines institutions as « any organization which has social and structural importance in the life of a community or society » ( Lippi - Green 1997:77 ) .
Although she tackles a subset of these institutions including education , news media , the entertainment industry , the business sector , the government and the legal system , in Chapter 5 she specifically highlights Disney animated features as a vehicle for subordination .
This paper explores the use of accent to create Disney characters in order to ascertain whether her claim is justified .
( Lippi - Green , 1997 ) .
The social ramifications of accented speech :
In order to understand Lippi - Green 's argument it is important to first define accent and its role in modern society .
Lippi-Green defines accent technically as « loose bundles of prosodic and segmented features distributed over geographic and / or social space , » and more loosely as a specific « way of speaking » ( Lippi - Green 1997:42 ) .
Honey ( 1997 , p.99 ) breaks down the components of accents into three different classes : indicators , or variants to which little or no social significance is attached , and which may only be perceived by trained linguistic scholars ; markers , which are readily perceived and do carry social significance ; and stereotypes , or popular but imprecise characterizations of the speech forms of specific social groups .
Honey notes that differences among pronunciations carry with them the potential for positive or negative value judgements on the part of the listener .
In analyzing the use of accents in Disney features , one is only concerned with markers and stereotypes , because these are the only linguistic cues of variation which are perceptible to the common public .
Honey ( 1997 , p.92 ) defines sociophonology as the study of « those differences of pronunciation which are perceived as socially significant . »
It is this study which is directly relevant to Disney features and Green 's argument as it directly addresses the social ramifications of accented speech .
According to Honey , the potential for positive or negative judgement of accents stems from the fact that different sounds « encode value systems . » ( Honey , 1997:101 ) American scoiolinguist William Labov ( Labov , 1972:36 ) also commented on this nature of pronunciation when describing the speech patterns of the inhabitants of Martha 's Vineyard , an island off the coast of Massachusetts .
Labov described a difference in the pronunciation of the vowels in the words right and house between locals of the island and those who come to vacation there in the summer .
According to Labov , the locals use these pronunciations unconsciously , but at the same time as a means to assert the idea that they « belong to the island , » as opposed to outsiders .
Such a use for pronunciation has been demonstrated to « encode a value system , » as proposed by Honey ; namely that those who speak with a certain characteristic pronunciation « belong to the island » , more than outsiders who do not speak the same way .
( Honey , 1997:101 )
Motivations for groups to maintain accents , or « ways of speaking , » may include signaling a regional identity , or signaling ethnicity .
Groups thus adopt a non-standard accent in order to demonstrate commonality .
In describing the reasons for groups to maintain accents , Honey states
" The most commonly proposed motivation has to do with the equation linking standard accents ( and dialects ) with status as a function of power ( political and economic ) and nonstandard ones with solidarity with a local community or with a low social class , insofar as they show friendliness , kindheartedness , etc. as stereotypical for nonstandard accent speakers . "
( Honey , 1997:101 )
This statement brings up an important argument of Lippi - Green 's , that there is no such thing as non- accent ( or standard accent ) .
She states that non-accent or standard language is not « a particular variety of US English , but a collectively held ideal , which brings with it a series of social and regional associations . » ( Lippi - Green 1997:41 )
This standard language ideology is promoted by institutions in order to devalue anything that is not mainstream and goes against the values of the dominant institutions within a society .
By promoting a standard language based on the speech patterns of upper - middle class Caucasians , institutions within a society serve to maintain the status quo .
( Lippi - Green , 1997:64 -5 )
The Language Subordination Model
Lippi-Green develops a language subordination model from these positive or negative evaluations of a speaker 's accent .
She argues that the dominant institutions of American society are able to make whole groups of people who are negatively affected by standard language ideology cooperate with its ideas .
The first step she points out is that , « the process of linguistic assimilation to an abstracted standard is cast as a natural one , necessary and positive for the greater social good . » ( Lippi - Green 1997:65 )
Often , businesses will maintain that it is important for reasons of commerce that employees speak according to a standard language ideal .
Similarly , educational systems teach students that it is important that they speak « properly , » or according to a standard language ideal .
Such efforts serve to teach groups which do not speak according to a standard language ideal that they « do not fully or adequately possess an appropriate human language » ( Lippi - Green , 1997:65 ) .
A second feature of this language subordination model is the idea of misrecognition proposed by Taylor ( Taylor , 1994 ) .
Misrecognition is defined in this instance as the opposite of recognition , and occurs when groups of people suffer because « the people or society around them mirror back to them a confining or demeaning or contemptible picture of themselves » ( Taylor 1994:25 ) Misrecognition of groups of people reinforces the idea that people with non-standard accents should conform to a standard language ideal .
This paper now specifically focuses on whether Disney as part of the dominant media institution creates misrecognition for certain groups through the accents it uses to create its characters in animated features .
Examples of accented characters in Disney features
A specific example of a Disney character who portrays an accent obvious to the viewing public through the use of markers and stereotypes is Scar in the movie The Lion King .
Scar is the brother to Mufasa , the strong and noble Lion King .
Scar 's character stands in direct contrast to that of Mufasa 's noble character as he is an envious , scheming lion who plans the murder of his brother and exile of his nephew Simba , the heir to the throne .
Scar is drawn to be skinnier and darker than his brother .
Differences in animation are thus our first clue into the nature of the two characters .
The story takes place in Africa , and the lions are brothers .
It would appear then that both brothers should speak with the same accent , and that it should be derived from some African dialect , but this is distinctly not the case .
The voice over for Mufasa is provided by James Earl Jones , who speaks with what Lippi -Green calls a mainstream US English ( MUSE ) accent .
In contrast , Jeremy Irons voice over for Scar character speaks with a distinctly British accent .
This British accent is very different from the standard English accents of the other characters in the movies , and helps children to distinguish his character .
Schiffman argues in « Language and Authenticity » ( Schiffman , 1998 ) that foreign language is used in the media in order to create an effect .
He defines authentic language as that which would be used in « real life » situations .
Schiffman ( 1998 ) argues that such language usage in the media is not authentic but is created in order to draw audience attention .
He states , « It is a depiction or representation of language , not a sample of it .
It is a depiction of what the director / write / producer ‘ thinks ' about language use in the real world , Hollywood view of the linguistic world » ( Schiffman , 1998:2 ) This model of foreign language use in cinema appears to fit in this instance .
The fact that Scar speaks with a British accent is not authentic to the African plains setting of the movie .
It can be argued that the Mufasa character speaks with a standard mainstream accent in order to make the character more accessible to the American audiences the movie was originally intended for .
However , this argument does not explain the choice of a British accent for the Scar character .
Lance Gould in an article for The Philadelphia Inquirer ( Gould , 1998 ) explores the recent boom in the use of British accents in American television shows .
He states that
" there is a certain snob appeal about a British accent that Americans really respond to .
The accent bestows an immediate sense of superiority in culture and intellect that the shows producers and writers can semaphore to the audience with minimal effort " ( Gould , 1998:2 )
The choice of a British accent for Scar is intended to highlight his snobbish mannerisms and his feelings of intellectual superiority towards the rest of the plains animals and thus complies with Gould 's generalizations about British accents .
Gould 's statement is also in agreement with the theory of foreign language usage in cinema postulated by Schiffman ( Schiffman , 1998 ) , as he points out that the use of a British foreign accent for a non-British character is not authentic , but an intended effect created by the writers and producers .
The same article also highlights the manner in which British accents can be used to create misrecognition .
Christopher Hitchens , a Vanity Fair columnist and British émigré to the US states , « There is a general view of Britain as a theme park of quaint characters and eccentrics . » ( Gould 1998:2 ) Scar 's speaking with a British accent may thus not only be contrived to display his intellectual superiority , but also to display him as a character who is eccentric ( or different ) , a classification which sets him up to be the butt of a joke .
This point is also stated by Jonathan Bernstein , an entertainment writer from Glasgow .
Bernstein states that , « A British accent is a good punching bag .
You want an authority figure to mock .
I think Brits come in handy for that » ( Gould 1998:2 ) This usage of a British accent by Scar mirrors back to « Brits » a contemptible or demeaning picture of a British accent and thus fits Taylor 's definition for misrecognition .
This stereotypical use of a British accent for Scar may emanate from an « old cliche` that a British accent represents intelligence , breeding and refinement » ( Gould 1998:2 ) .
Hitchens postulates that such depictions are examples of « class envy » on the part of Americans towards the British ( Gould 1998:2 ) Seen as such , Scar 's use of a British accent may be interpreted as not being contemptible or demeaning , but it is still confining , and thus still fits Taylor 's definition of misrecognition .
Another example of a villainous character in a Disney film who speaks with a British accent in contrast to the mainstream standard accents of the other main characters is Jaffar in the movie Aladdin .
Aladdin takes place in Agrabbar , a mythical Arabian desert kingdom .
There is no reason for any character in the film to speak with a British accent , and thus one must assume it is done for an intended effect , similar to the choice of a British accent for Scar .
Whatever the reason for choosing a British accent for these characters , it highlights the association between the British accent and the villainous characters of Scar and Jafar , and may help teach children to ethnocentrically discriminate as Lippi - Green claims .
Yet , another example of the creation of misrecognition through the use of foreign accents in Disney characters is the use of minority accents .
Lippi-Green highlights one such instance where a contrived Yiddish accent was used in the portrayal of the Big Bad Wolf in the Disney feature Three Little Pigs .
In one of his visits to the pigs ' house , the Wolf attempts to fool the pigs into opening their door to him by dressing as a Jewish peddler .
The Wolf is made to appear like a Jewish peddler by drawing him with « a hook nose , wears sidelocks and a dark broad - rimmed hat similar to one worn by some Orthodox Jews , carries his wares before him , and contrives a Yiddish accent » ( Lippi - Green 1997:79 )
The scene was later reanimated so that the Wolf did not appear Jewish , yet the contrived Yiddish accent survived the reanimation .
Lippi-Green argues that the fact that the Wolf no longer appeared Jewish but still spoke with a Yiddish accent contains an « underlying message based in anti-Semitism and fear of the other : a link between the evil intentions of the wolf and things Jewish » ( Lippi - Green 1997:80 )
The voice of the Wolf was later changed to that of a « standard ‘ dumb ' cartoon voice » in response to complaints that the original Yiddish dialect of the scene was offensive ( Lippi - Green , 1997:80 ) .
A further example of the use of minority accents in Disney films occurs in The Lion King with the hyena characters who are voiced by Whoopi Goldberg and Cheech Marin .
Goldberg 's character 's accent fluctuates between that of African American vernacular English ( AAVE ) and mainstream US English ( MUSE ) .
Marin 's character speaks with an apparent Hispanic accent which is typical of his comic performances .
According to Schiffman 's theory ( Schiffman , 1998 ) of foreign language usage in cinema , the accents are intended to add « flavor » to the characters .
The accents serve several purposes in the creation of the characters ; they serve to set the characters apart from others in the film , they add a comic element to scenes in the movie which feature the hyenas , and they serve to demonize the characters much in the same way that Scar 's British accent works .
Such portrayals of characters with foreign accents in contemptible , demeaning and confining roles fit the criteria for Taylor 's definition of misrecognition Cheech Marin 's voice was also utilized for the character of Tito in the Disney film Oliver & Company .
Tito is an energetic , small Chihuahua who provides humor to scenes through his constant efforts to pick a fight .
Though Marin uses the same accent to portray Tito as the one he used to portray his hyena character in The Lion King , the intent of its use is not to demonize his character .
The accent is utilized to enforce a stereotype common to Hispanics in New York ; that they are short and scrappy ( always willing to fight ) .
This instance of the accent is different from that of The Lion King in that it is not intended to demonize the character of Tito , but still creates misrecognition in that it confines the role of Tito , and makes him the object of laughter and ridicule .
How misrecognition affects child viewers
The ability of children to assign social status based on speech patterns was demonstrated by Giles ( Giles , 1971 ) in a study on the reactions of British school children to British regional and foreign speech .
Applied to Lippi- Green 's ( 1997 ) argument , this research demonstrates that children viewing Disney features are able to discern the differences in character accents , and to make value judgements based on them .
However , Giles ( Giles , 1971 ) research focuses on the differences in the speech patterns of the speakers , and pays relatively little attention to the differences between the listeners who performed the evaluation .
Lambert's ( 1967 ) review of studies shows that sex , age , social class and regional and linguistic competence affect the evaluation of one 's personality .
This indicates that the more ethnocentric an individual listener 's orientation , the more favorably the would react to speech of a standard accent , and consequently the less favorably they would react to speech of a regional or foreign accent .
This review demonstrates that the association of negative images ( misrecognition ) with character accents in Disney features reinforces perceived regional or ethnic stereotypes .
The concept that misrecognition in the creation of media characters may have an impact on children is supported by literature concerning the impact of television on minority children .
Leifer , Gordon , and Graves ( 1974 ) suggest that children will change their attitudes about people and activities in order to reflect those portrayed in television programs .
This conclusion suggests that media programming serves to not only entertain children , but also to socialize them .
Thus , children who view negative portrayals of characters enhanced by character accents , will not only be entertained by such portrayals , but come to adopt negative attitudes towards those who possess the accents portrayed .
This concept supports Lippi-Green 's claim that Disney features can teach children to ethnocentrically discriminate based on character accents .
Conclusion
Lippi-Green ( 1997 ) claims in her language subordination model that the dominant institutions of American society serve to maintain the status quo .
In Chapter 5 , she specifically highlights Disney animated features as a device for teaching children to ethnocentrically discriminate based on regional or foreign accents .
Her argument has been examined by defining what constitutes an accent , what are the social ramifications of accented speech , and how media institutions such as Disney films portray characters with foreign accents .
In viewing Disney features , I agree that character accents in the films are often not « authentic » ( Schiffman , 1998 ) and are the intended effect of the director / producer of the film .
A review of sociolinguistic literature ( Giles , 1971 ; Lambert , 1967 ; Liefer , Gordon , and Graves1974 ) has demonstrated how the use of « non- authentic » accented speech in the media can affect child viewers .
This paper thus supports Lippi- Green 's ( 1997 ) claim that Disney features can teach children to ethnocentrically discriminate by portraying bad characters with foreign accents .
References
Giles , H. ( 1971 ) « Ethnocentricism and the evaluation of accented speech . » British Journal of Social and Clinical Psychology .
10 : 187-188 .
Gould , L. ( 1998 ) « Bloomin ' accents American TV can't seem to resist that British inflection .
Imported actors are popping up in all the hot shows , and the BBC has just landed .
What 's the attraction ? »
http://ccat.sas.upenn.edu/~haroldfs/popcult/handouts/accents /ang15.htm
Honey , J. ( 1997 ) « Sociophonology » .
In Coulmas , F. ( 1997 ) The Handbook of Sociolinguistics .
Oxford : Blackwell Publishers .
Labov , W. ( 1972 ) Language in the Inner City : Studies in the Black English Vernacular .
Philadelphia : University of Pennsylvania Press .
Lambert , W. ( 1967 ) A social psychology of bilingualism .
Cited in : Giles , H. ( 1971 ) « Ethnocentricism and the evaluation of accented speech . » British Journal of Social and Clinical Psychology .
10 : 187-188 .
Leifer , A. , Gordon , N. , Graves , S. ( 1974 ) « Children 's television : More than mere entertainment .
Cited in : Berry , G. , Mitchell - Kernan , C. ( 1982 ) « Television as a socializing force within a society of mass communication .
» Television and the Socialization of the Minority Child .
Paris : Academic Press. 1 -10 .
Lippi-Green , R. ( 1997 ) Language , ideology , and discrimination in the United States .
London : Routledge .
Schiffman , H. ( 1998 ) « Language and Authenticity . »
http://ccat.sas.upenn.edu/~haroldfs/popcult/handouts/authent ic.html
Taylor , C. ( 1994 ) Multiculturalism : Examining the politics of recognition .
Cited in : Lippi-Green , R. ( 1997 ) Language , ideology , and discrimination in the United States .
London : Routledge .
Filmography
People with a genetic condition called Williams syndrome are famously gregarious .
Scientists , looking carefully at brain function in individuals with Williams syndrome , think they may know why this is so .
The researchers at the Stanford University School of Medicine showed that parts of a particular brain region known as the amygdala react more powerfully in Williams syndrome patients than in developmentally normal subjects — or in subjects with delays in development not caused by Williams syndrome — when exposed to facial expressions conveying positive emotions .
The study will be published Jan. 28 in the Journal of Neuroscience .
Biopsychologist Brian Haas , PhD , a postdoctoral researcher at Stanford , shares first authorship of the study with Debra Mills , PhD , of Bangor University in Gwynned , Wales .
Haas conducts research in the laboratory of Allan Reiss , MD , the Howard C. Robbins Professor of Psychiatry and Behavioral Sciences at Stanford , who is the paper 's senior author .
The work is part of an ongoing multicenter collaboration .
Williams syndrome , a rare genetic disorder affecting perhaps one in 10,000 individuals in whom a specific and well - defined chunk of DNA in one chromosome is missing , manifests in a distinctive pattern of physical and behavioral abnormalities including greatly reduced spatial and mathematical reasoning , but relatively less loss of certain verbal abilities or capacity to read others ' emotions .
" If you give people with Williams syndrome a picture of a bicycle to copy , they are able to draw the individual components of the bike — the wheels , the handlebars and so forth — but these components will be all over the page .
It would n't look like a bike , " said Haas .
" But if you give them pictures of faces and ask them to describe the expressions , or ask them to talk about a story they 've heard , they not only show just as much skill as you or I , but in some cases use even more socially and emotionally descriptive language .
It 's been speculated that they may even be better than the rest of us at picking up social information from facial expressions .
We aimed to study the neurological underpinnings of social functioning in these people . "
Sociability is one trait emphatically not lacking in people with Williams syndrome .
On the contrary , they are invariably sociable — so much so that they will not uncommonly approach and strike up conversations with total strangers .
Indeed , these individuals ' famous gregariousness can be so pronounced as to occasionally place them in harm 's way .
The investigators reasoned that the link between stereotypical sociability associated with Williams syndrome and the characteristic genetic deletion causing the condition might be mediated by a region deep within the brain called the amygdala .
This almond - shaped , peanut - sized structure is known to be key to social and emotional processing — reading facial expressions or voices , for example .
Lesions of the amygdala can cause a person to lose the ability to make quick " friend or foe " assessments , which have undoubtedly had life - or - death implications in human evolution .
Using two different techniques for objectively measuring brain response , the team showed that when 14 individuals with Williams syndrome looked at photos of faces judged by an independent team of normal reviewers to be especially reflective of a positive emotional state — like happiness — their amygdalas responded much more forcefully than did those of 13 age - matched normally developing subjects .
One of those techniques , functional magnetic resonance imaging , was able to localize the increased activity to specific nerve clusters in the amygdala , while another technique , involving monitoring the brain 's electrical signals with a device placed on subjects ' heads , charted the course of this activity over time .
Earlier work by others had already shown that Williams syndrome patients ' amygdalas respond less vigorously to negatively charged stimuli ( such as a face exhibiting fear ) than do those of developmentally normal subjects .
The new study both confirmed that finding and showed , for the first time , that exposure to a positive facial expression triggers a jump in signaling within the amygdala in these individuals , but not in healthy control subjects .
To rule out the possibility that the different response merely reflected IQ differences between normal and Williams syndrome subjects , the researchers also compared the latter with 15 other developmentally challenged subjects whose IQs matched those of the Williams syndrome group .
They saw the same result here , as well .
Their reduced amygdala response to negatively charged facial expressions may provide a physiological basis for Williams syndrome patients ' relative lack of reticence about approaching and engaging strangers , said Haas .
Likewise , he said , the heightened response to positively charged facial expressions suggests that exposure to these smiling faces may be profoundly rewarding to these patients and , therefore , enhance their sociability .
It may also mean that social rather than , say , monetary rewards may prove to be better incentives for training persons with the syndrome to compensate for their deficits , Haas speculated .
This differential processing in the amygdala appears to have its roots in Williams syndrome 's defining DNA deletion , implying a genetic basis for the difference — and , perhaps , for individual differences among normal people .
In some ways , both the deficits and strengths of the syndrome are the polar opposites of those that typify the far more common syndrome called autism , in which mathematical and visuospatial skills may be not only unimpaired but sometimes pronouncedly enhanced , while functions such as eye contact or gregarious behavior are markedly diminished .
But in contrast to Williams syndrome , which is always attributable to the same distinct genetic lesion , " autism is an umbrella covering many different conditions with similar symptoms but a wide range of causes , " said Reiss , complicating brain - function analysis of the sort his lab is doing .
However , he said , another genetic disorder , called Fragile X syndrome , stems from a genetic abnormality as distinctive and well - characterized as Williams syndrome but often produces the symptoms of autism .
Reiss has applied for funding to study and compare brain function in very young children with these two conditions , in the hope of determining how the loss of specific genes results in specific behavioral changes , how and where these changes are mediated in the brain and what role the environment plays in modifying outcome .
This research holds implications for neurologically normal individuals , too .
Studies have shown that more - extroverted people 's amygdalas are more responsive to happy faces than less - extroverted people 's are , suggesting the involvement of physiological hardwiring in shaping personality traits .
" The more we understand about what makes us more or less social beings , " said Reiss , " the better we may be able to tolerate one another 's differences . "
Source : Stanford University Medical Center
Explore further Reduced range of facial expression indicates serious heart , lung disease
Last Sunday , " 60 Minutes " ran a segment on Israel and Palestine , and for the most part they did a good job of covering some of the very real issues there .
But according to segment host Bob Simon , " Demographers predict that within ten years Arabs will outnumber Jews in Israel , the West Bank and Gaza .
Without a separate Palestinian state the Israelis would have three options , none of them good .
They could try ethnic cleansing , drive the Palestinians out of the West Bank , or they could give the Palestinians the vote . "
What ?
Democracy is not a good option ?
Although Simon struggled valiantly with presenting a fair view of the so - called " settler " situation on the West Bank , there were a couple of scenes on that subject that made me almost want to laugh .
Instead of showing us footage of the thousands of modern ( by American standards ) condos that have been built on Palestine 's West Bank so that we could get real - life glimpses into the lives of some of these so - called " settlers " as they hung out on their verandas , sipped coffee in their posh living rooms or watched their big - screen TVs , Simon showed us footage of some grubby woman in a headscarf as she wandered around on some rock pile out in the middle of nowhere , wielding a pickax .
This woman had obviously never seen a pickax before in her life .
This woman appeared to be straight out of central casting .
But here 's one possible script scenario that " 60 Minutes " left out , taken from a description of an incident told to me by the head of an American NGO currently in Gaza :
Gaza woman : " I have ten children . "
Israeli Defense Force soldier : " Pick out five of them to be shot . "
Gaza woman : " I can not do that . "
IDF soldier : " If you do n't , then I will . "
Soldier then picks out five children randomly and shoots them .
And here 's another scene possibility , based on witness verification , that " 60 Minutes " missed :
Gaza father : " Please !
Do not shoot !
I only want to retrieve the body of my daughter ! "
[ IDF soldier shoots at Gaza father , forcing him back . ]
Gaza father : " Please !
She is only four years old !
Let me bury her !
Please !
[ This scene is repeated many times over the course of five days .
IDF soldier then shoots at the child 's brother and cousin as they try to retrieve the body , killing them both .
Several times , dogs arrive and start chewing on the corpse of the four - year - old .
And , in the next scene , IDF soldiers then release their own dogs to chew on the corpses of other dead civilians in Gaza . ]
And who is paying for these horrific scenes , now on the cutting room floor ?
American taxpayers , of course .
American taxpayers , even as many of us are now losing our own homes in these economically - troubled times , are also paying for all those settlers ' condos on Palestinian land , many of which are being used as vacation homes by Israeli - Americans who live in the U.S. for most of the year and only fly over to Israel occasionally to relax and enjoy their holiday homes on the scenic West Bank .
American taxpayers are also paying the Israeli Defense Force soldiers ' salaries as they go kill children in Gaza .
Perhaps the Israeli neo-con government sees this as a form of birth control ?
Israel 's struggle today is not to keep the Arabs from pushing Israel into the sea .
Israel 's struggle today is to get American taxpayers to buy them more condos -- at any price .
Without the seemingly endless flow of U.S. taxpayers ' dollars flooding its way into Israel , it would be forced to shrink back to a reasonable size , the horrible violence in the area would end and all those Israeli - Americans might be forced to give up their luxury winter condos .
Is n't it time for Israel 's free ride to be over ?
PS : I just got an e-mail from a Jewish friend , who wrote me , " Jane , a one - state solution in Israel - Palestine is still the only option because as soon as the civil rights struggle there -- similar to the one that took place in the American south in the 1960s -- wins equal rights for all , two - thirds or more of the Jewish - Israelis in Israel - Palestine will go home .
Why ?
Because they are not there to be friends with their neighbors or because they are religious .
They are there for the socio-economic perks .
I strongly suggest you read the book " Flowers of Galilee " by Israel Shamir .
It makes a good case for a one - state solution and brings up the taboo subject of the Jewish - Israeli tyrannical control over discourse .
You can also read his writing for free at www.israelshamir.net. "
_______
Jane Stillwater is a journalist and occasional war correspondent -- whenever she gets allowed into a war zone that is .
" It 's time for all of us to stop Wall Street and War Street from destroying our world . "
DENVER 
The ski resort of Aspen was virtually shut down on New Year ’s Eve after two homemade gasoline bombs with threatening notes attached were found at two banks and two more were found in an alley .
Hours later , a suspect  a longtime Aspen resident who an acquaintance said was bitter because he had not profited from the community ’s transformation from a rural mining town into a luxury resort town  killed himself with a gunshot to the head , the authorities said .
The body of the suspect , James C. Blanning Jr. , 72 , a convicted swindler , was found early Thursday in a car on a rural county road , the Aspen police said .
The police said they believed Mr. Blanning left the bombs , which were disguised as holiday gifts , at the banks on Wednesday afternoon , along with threatening notes that promised “ mass death ” unless two Aspen banks turned over $ 60,000 .
BOGOTA , Jan 23 ( Reuters ) -
One of Colombia 's most - wanted drug lords has offered his gunmen nearly $ 1,000 for every police officer they murder in a major coca - growing region , a senior official said on Friday .
National police chief Gen. Oscar Naranjo said Daniel Rendon , known as Don Mario , had made the offer in a bid to halt police operations targeting his drug trafficking ring and coca crops in the hills of Antioquia province .
" When a criminal gives an order like Don Mario's , to pay two million pesos for the death of each and every one of my police officers , I know my officers are fulfilling their duties , " Naranjo told local television .
Colombia 's most infamous drug lord Pablo Escobar , who was shot dead by security forces in 1993 , used a similar strategy in the 1990s and his hired gunmen killed dozens of police officers in Medellin , Antioquia 's main city .
Rendon is one of the three most - wanted drug traffickers in the Andean country , the world 's biggest cocaine producer , and authorities are offering a reward of up to $ 2.2 million for information leading to his capture .
He belonged to one of the paramilitary groups that began demobilizing after a 2003 peace deal with the government of President Alvaro Uribe , but he refused to confess his crimes as required under the accord and went into hiding .
Early last year , Rendon 's group kidnapped 25 men he had accused rivals of sending to kill him in a turf war .
Uribe has sent troops to secure areas once controlled by armed groups and violence has ebbed , but leftist rebels and former paramilitaries still battle for control of the nation 's vast cocaine trade .
( $ 1 = 2,293 Colombian pesos ) ( Reporting by Luis Jaime Acosta ; Writing by Helen Popper )
Sen .
Schumer says the Stimulus Bill actually does not allow governors to pick and choose which parts of the bill ’s funds they want or do n’t want .
It ’s all or nothing .
More at MSNBC.com .
ANCHORAGE , Alaska ( Reuters ) - A moderate 5.7 - magnitude earthquake shook Anchorage , Alaska ’s largest city , on Saturday morning .
The U.S. Geological Survey said the quake ’s epicenter was 161 miles southwest of Anchorage .
There was no tsunami warning in effect , according to the West Coast and Alaska Tsunami Warning Center website .
Magnitude 5 quakes can cause considerable damage , but there were no immediate reports of injury or damage .
You need Flash 8 to see this site .
You can download it here
2010 -01-06
My multi - touch code ported to Eclair
My multi - touch controller code has been ported to Eclair , enabling much simpler implementation of multi- touch apps on top of the new Eclair multi - touch api .
If you ’re implementing MT apps , trust me , you do n’t want to do it without this Java class 🙂
2010 -01-05
What T - Mobile does n’t want you to know , or the hidden cost of getting the Nexus One on contract
New blog post on the day of the release of the N1 : beware that the cost of the Nexus One phone with T - Mobile , amortized over two years ( i.e. total cost of ownership , TCO ) , is likely to end up amounting to quite a bit more than buying the phone outright and going to an off - contract plan .
—
Older stuff :
2009 - 10 - 22
Hero kernel released ; no multi - touch support
I just checked the Synaptics driver in the source code released today for the HTC Hero , and it appears that this kernel is * not* multitouch - enabled , unless they somehow included another Synaptics touch driver that I missed … so if you rebuild this kernel , you wo n’t get the multi - touch hack .
I strongly suspect HTC included my multi- touch code in the HTC Hero for pinch - scaling in the browser ( and added it to the photo viewer ) while they wait for official multi- touch support , though they never contacted me to say they were going to use it …
Now for my own tinfoil hat …
Just posted my theory that there is much more going on in the Google / Verizon deal than the release of a couple of cellphones .
UPDATE : Multi-Touch and more tinfoil hats
See my reaction here to the “ newly confirmed ” conspiracy theory that Google stripped multi- touch out of the G1 so that their relationship with Apple does n’t go sour .
UPDATE : Zoom - Zoom - Zoom —
Get full working multi- touch zooming on your T - Mobile G1 Phone today !
I previously posted a demo of multitouch working on the G1 , but the code was not ready for prime - time .
Today it is finally ready .
Get multi - touch functionality on your G1 phone today !
( The original post about multi - touch on the G1 is here . )
Shameless plug : if you like or use this multi - touch work for Android , please donate to support continued development of awesome features for Android !
There 's a really old joke about cows that explained different economic models .
You probably have seen it , but just in case :
SOCIALISM
You have two cows .
You give one to your neighbour .
COMMUNISM
You have two
cows .
The State takes both and gives you some milk .
FASCISM
You
have two cows .
The State takes both and sells you some milk .
TRADITIONAL
CAPITALISM
You have two cows .
You sell one and buy a bull .
Your
herd multiplies , and the economy grows .
You sell them and retire on
the income .
All well and good .
Now the last time I saw this , it had been updated to include the Enron crash back in 2001 , which reflected the use of venture capital to farm :
VENTURE CAPITALISM
You have two cows .
You sell three of them to your publicly listed company , using letters
of credit opened by your brother - in - law at the bank .
You then execute a
debt / equity swap with an associated general offer so that you get all
four cows back , with a tax exemption for five cows .
The milk rights
of the six cows are transferred via an intermediary to a Cayman Island
Company , secretly owned by the majority shareholder , who sells the
rights to all seven cows back to your listed company .
The annual
report says the company owns eight cows , with an option on one more .
You sell one cow to buy a new president of the United States , leaving
you with nine cows .
The
public then buys your bull .
Excellent !
Could we update this to reflect the credit crisis ?
LEVERAGED CAPITALISM
You have two cows and use them as capital to get another 100 .
You need the 102 cows to have a better barn , and so you go to the bank who offer you a cheap loan to build a barn .
You build the barn using the 102 cows as collateral .
The barn is built , and so you think you could build more barns for other farms , and go to the bank to discuss .
The bank gives you funding to build another 50 barns , using leverage based upon the barn you now own .
You build 50 barns , and the bank offers cheap loans to the farmers to buy your barns off you , on the basis that they also have cows as collateral .
Then the guy you bought the 100 cows from demands the full payment , causing you to sell the two cows you originally owned as capital .
Realising you only had enough to pay for two cows , you are forced to return the other 100 .
The loss of the 102 cows leaves you with an empty barn .
The farmers cannot pay for them either , as there are now too many cows on the market and they cannot sell any of their own to pay for the barns you built for them , which they did n't need anyway .
You 're left with no cows and 51 barns you cannot use , but need to pay for .
The State believes farming is good , so they give you the money to pay for the barns , as well as two cows to get you started .
You have two cows and are now very wealthy having sold 51 barns .
Posted on : January 9 , 2009
Father stabbed estranged wife to death after she changed her Facebook status to ' single '
A father stabbed his estranged wife to death in a ' frenzied attack ' after discovering she had changed her Facebook status to ' single ' .
Edward Richardson , 41 , was high on a cocktail of cocaine and alcohol when he smashed his way into her parents ' home and used a carving knife to kill 26 - year - old Sarah Richardson as she lay in bed .
The carpenter stabbed his wife with such force he shattered her ribs .
She also suffered puncture wounds to her liver and a slashed aorta .
Richardson was yesterday jailed for life after a jury took less than three hours to convict him of murder at Stafford Crown Court .
Sarah Richardson , 26 , was stabbed to death by her estranged husband Edward Richardson after she changed her Facebook status to ' single '
Judge Simon Tonking ordered Richardson , of Biddulph , Stoke - on - Trent , to serve at least 18 years .
He told him : ' Whatever might have been in your mind before you entered that bedroom , the point came when you did intend to kill your wife .
' You subjected her to an attack which involved 13 stab wounds and 39 separate lacerations .
It was an act of brutal mutilation .
' The effect of that act was to devastate an entire family , her parents , her brothers , her sister in law and young nieces .
' Her parents called her " the light of their life " .
By killing her in their home , you have violated their home of 40 years , where now , as far as Sarah 's bedroom is concerned , they cannot bring themselves to go . '
Earlier , the court heard how the couple separated three weeks before the murder after arguments about the amount of money being spent on cocaine and father - of - two Richardson 's refusal to have children with Sarah .
The kitchen knife Richardson used in the attack .
He stabbed his wife with such force her ribs were broken
When Richardson discovered his estranged wife had changed her Facebook status to single , he drove to her parents Sandbach home with a knife and strips of black tape to muffle the sound of breaking glass .
After murdering Sarah , Richardson drove to a field and used the same knife to slash his wrists and throat .
Emergency services found Richardson in Fence Lane , Congleton , 40 minutes after the attack .
Detective Inspector Andy Wall , who led the police inquiry , said : ' Richardson had stopped a passer - by and asked them to call the police .
He was taken to hospital and later arrested .
' During interviews he told police he knew he had stabbed his wife but could n't remember the exact details of the assault .
' When he learned his wife had died he was upset .
' Mr Richardson was under an element of stress due to the break up of his marriage .
But what he did was a brutal and calculated act . '
Sarah Richardson was in bed at her parents ' home , above , when she was attacked
Fiona Cortese , of the Crown Prosecution Service , said : ' We hope that today ’s guilty verdict will go some way to easing the pain of Sarah ’s friends and family after losing her in such a violent and abrupt way . '
Mrs Richardson 's parents , Beryl and Alan Boote , issued a statement after the verdict .
' There simply are n’t the words to describe how Sarah ’s death , and the awful way in which she died , has affected us , ' they said .
' We miss her so much .
Sarah was the loveliest daughter anyone could wish for .
She was honest , loyal and sweet , and everyone loved her . '
Facebook , the ' social networking ' website , allows people to advertise their current marital status .
Users can choose to list their relationship status as ' It 's complicated ' or ' In an open relationship ' as well as more traditional options such as ' engaged or ' single ' .
This is not the first time that a change in Facebook status has led to murder .
Last October , Wayne Forrester , 34 , was jailed for a minimum of 14 years after hacking his wife to death with a meat cleaver in fury over her Facebook entry .
Forrester , drank alcohol and took cocaine before driving 15 miles to the family home to attack his wife as she lay in bed .
The couple had separated four days before the murder in February and Forrester later told police he had been provoked by his wife changing her marital status to " single " on her Facebook entry .
Over A Dozen Families Affected By Act 1 Step Forward To File Lawsuit
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE :
CONTACT : media@aclu.org
LITTLE ROCK–
The American Civil Liberties Union today filed a lawsuit seeking to strike down a new law that bans any unmarried person who lives with a partner from serving as an adoptive or foster parent in the state of Arkansas .
At a press conference at the Arkansas State Capitol this morning , several of the plaintiffs described how Act 1 , which is set to go into effect on January 1 , impacts their families and why they decided to be part of the case .
Stephanie Huffman , who already adopted one child from the state in 2004 , was one of the plaintiffs who spoke at today ’s press conference .
Huffman and her partner of 10 years , Wendy Rickman , want to adopt another child or a pair of siblings through the Department of Children and Family Services , but now ca n’t because of Act 1 .
“ The state already knows we ’re good enough parents that they placed one child with us before Act 1 passed , ” said Huffman .
“ Who knows how many children are now cut off by this law from loving homes ? ”
In the lawsuit filed today , the ACLU argues that Act 1 violates the federal and state constitutional rights to equal protection and due process .
Participating in the case are 29 adults and children from over a dozen different families , including a grandmother who lives with her same - sex partner of nine years and is the only relative able and willing to adopt her grandchild who is now in Arkansas state care , several married heterosexual couples who have relatives or friends disqualified by Act 1 who they want to adopt their children if they die , and a heterosexual woman who wants to be a foster or adoptive parent but ca n’t because she lives with her partner of five years .
The complaint was filed this morning in Pulaski County Circuit Court .
“ Ever since the election , we ’ve been hearing from all corners of the state from dozens of families who are panicking about how Act 1 impacts them , ” said Rita Sklar , Executive Director of the ACLU of Arkansas .
“ This law hurts families and children in many ways – it takes away parents ’ right to decide for themselves who will adopt their children if they die , it denies the many children in Arkansas state care a chance at the largest possible pool of potential foster and adoptive homes , and denies couples who are living together but unmarried the chance to provide loving homes to children who desperately need them . ”
Among the plaintiffs and their families are :
Sheila Cole : Sheila lives in Tulsa , Oklahoma with Jennifer , her partner of nine years .
Sheila ’s adult daughter from an earlier relationship had a baby girl in May of 2008 who was placed in the Arkansas foster care system when she was two months old .
Sheila wants to adopt her granddaughter and is the relative best able to take in the baby .
Every week she makes a four - hour round trip to Bentonville for two hours of visitation with her granddaughter .
Sheila has taken foster parenting classes with Oklahoma ’s DHS and has passed a home study .
She is now waiting for approval from Arkansas , but she ’s worried she might not be approved to adopt her own granddaughter because of Act 1 .
Stephanie Huffman and Wendy Rickman : Stephanie and Wendy have been together for 10 years and are raising two sons together , one of whom is a 7 - year - old with special needs whom Stephanie adopted from the state in 2004 .
Stephanie and Wendy want to adopt another child , or perhaps a pair of siblings , but ca n’t because of Act 1 .
Frank Pennisi and Matt Harrison ; Meredith and Benny Scroggin : Frank and Matt have been together for eight years and live together in Little Rock and would like to become foster or adoptive parents .
Matt ’s cousin , Meredith Scroggin , and her husband Benny want Frank and Matt to be able to adopt their two daughters in the event of their death .
Cary and Trina Kelley : Cary and his wife , Trina , have two young daughters and live across the road in Fayetteville from Cary ’s mother Vickie Kelley and her partner Sophia Estes .
Sophia and Vickie have been together 16 years , and cumulatively have three children and six grandchildren .
If anything were to happen to Cary and Trina , who held their wedding in Vickie and Sophia ’s backyard , they want Vickie and Sophia to be able to adopt their children .
Trina ,
Cary ’s wife , spent many years of her childhood in state care and she feels very strongly that children who need homes should n’t be cut off from loving relatives like Sophia and Vickie .
Kaytee Wright : Kaytee Wright lives on a farm in Cabot with her partner of five years , Alan Leveritt .
Kaytee helps
Alan raise his eight - year - old daughter from his previous marriage , of whom he has joint custody .
Together she and Alan are also providing a home and financial assistance to a mother and her two young children through a Little Rock shelter for the working homeless .
Kaytee was adopted from state care when she was just four weeks old , and she feels very strongly that good homes should be provided to children in the state system .
Kaytee would like to adopt a child but cannot because she and Alan are n’t married .
For a complete list of all the plaintiff families and more detailed profiles , please visit / lgbt / parenting /38201res20081230.html
The plaintiffs are represented by Christine P. Sun , Rose Saxe , and Leslie Cooper of the American Civil Liberties Union , Stacey Friedman , Garrard Beeney , and Jennifer Sheinfeld of Sullivan & Cromwell LLP , and Marie - Bernarde Miller and Daniel J. Beck of Williams & Anderson PLC on behalf of the ACLU Foundation of Arkansas .
The case is Cole , et al. v. Arkansas , et al .
For more information on the case , including today ’s complaint , visit / lgbt / parenting /38199res20081230.html
Cecil Suwal Sentenced ( PHOTOS )
, the 24 - year - old madam who ran the prostitution ring that brought down has been sentenced to six months in prison .
The college student pleaded for mercy on Thursday , saying , " It is my aim to prevent others , especially young girls , from making the kind of mistakes that I have made . "
In June , a tearful Suwal pleaded guilty to money laundering , conspiracy and conspiracy to promote prostitution .
Suwal ran the Emporerors Club VIP , a $ 5,500 - an - hour escort service , with 63 - year - old Mark Brener , where they booked call girls across the globe .
Defense attorney Alberto A. Ebanks claims
Brener 's psychological domination left Suwal incapable of making independent decisions , saying she even had a tattoo on her body reading " property of Mark Brener . "
Suwal met Brener at age 18 when she answered a seemingly innocuous job posting by Brener in a weekly New York paper .
Suwal , a prep-school grad on break from studying advertising at the University of Miami at the time , began a sexual relationship with the then 57 - year - old Brener , becoming " his paramour , his companion and ultimately his assistant " at the Emperors Club VIP .
Assistant U.S. Attorney Daniel Stein acknowledged that " certain aspects of the defendant 's personal history and characteristics mitigate the need for punishment in a compelling way . "
" Cecil Suwal devoted nearly four years of her life to promoting prostitution and helping herself and her co-conspirators profit from that activity , " Stein wrote in a sentencing memorandum .
" During that time , Suwal did no legitimate work and supported herself entirely through crime . "
Suwal has since attended college , been involved with charity work , had steady appropriate employment and volunteered for a forensic psychological evaluation .
While the federal judge credited Suwal for going to " extraordinary lengths to put her life back on track , " he said it could not erase the fact that she played a central role in the escort service .
More photos below .
Click to viewI started thinking about this story , which is four years old and never told , because later today I 'm going to a party at the Dave & Buster 's in Milpitas .
I 've never been there before , but I think I know someone who has .
I promise every word of this is true to the best of my recollection , and if you believe me , well , it 'll be an intriguing way to begin our Sunday .
Back in Denver in April 2004 my friend David , also a writer at the Rocky Mountain News , had eloped with his fiance to Belize .
He and Tanya held a big celebration after the fact with all of their friends at the Dave & Buster 's in Englewood .
Everyone had a good time .
Late in the evening , I noticed a guy sitting on a bar stool at an arcade game - Drill - o - Matic was its name .
There was , literally , an ankle deep pile of tickets on the ground .
Every so often a D&B employee would come by , politely stack them up , open the machine and check on the ticket stock , replacing it if necessary .
This machine was this man 's livelihood .
He was a short white guy in his early 40s with a perpetually plaintive expression on his face , hailing from suburban Atlanta .
He reminded me a lot of William Sanderson - Larry in " Newhart " or J.F. Sebastian in " Blade Runner . "
I wo n't divulge his real name because I do n't even know it .
And if I did , I can't be sure he's not still out there , doing this , making his living off this machine .
Let 's call him Robert for now .
Robert worked for an independent grocery store his parents owned .
Past the checkout aisles they had this very same arcade game , configured to dispense prizes instead of tickets .
Drill - o- Matic involves moving a drill bit along an upright grid , lining it up with a target , and pressing a button to send the bit forward into a tube , hopefully striking the target inside of it dead center and awarding you your prize .
It takes a lot more precision than it sounds .
Robert played it obsessively , eventually learning a muscle - memory secret to getting the top prize .
He knew exactly how long to move the stick raising the drill on its X axis and exactly how long to send it left along the Y axis .
Then it was just a question of pressing the button and getting his loot , which he gave back .
Robert just enjoyed the challenge .
A bit of a perfectionist , he delighted in being able to do one thing absolutely perfectly .
Of course his parents were elderly folk .
First his father passed away , and then his mother became very ill - cancer , I think he said - forcing the family to sell the business , as much for medical bills as it was because they could n't manage the operation anymore .
Robert found himself without a job .
Single , no attachments , nothing keeping him in Georgia , he wondered what he could do to provide for himself .
Advertisement
He decided to do the only thing at which he was exceptional : Drill - o- Matic .
He 'd seen it in arcades elsewhere as a ticket - awarding machine .
Those arcades had prize huts with extremely valuable merchandise offered for exorbitant , almost unreachable ticket values .
Robert knew how to get them .
He knew how to line up the drill to get the 100 ticket payout every single time , as the top prize target was always located in the same space .
Doing research that was n't fully explained to me , he determined every location that had this machine and , investing in a plane ticket , set out there to empty it of its tickets for as long as they would let him play .
He 'd redeem the tickets for the most valuable items and sell them on eBay .
Believe it or not , this worked .
Some locations were friendly to him , I guess regarding him as a moneymaking sideshow who kept customers in the building , ordering drinks or food or whatever .
Other places were more hostile , asking him to leave after seeing that he knew how to exploit the game .
In Memphis , Tenn. , Robert saw the Dave & Buster 's had a Harley Davidson parked out front , offering it as a prize to anyone who racked up some astounding number - one million tickets , if I recall .
He marched up to the manager , asked if that was a serious offer , and was told yes .
Over the next three days he proceeded to compile that staggering total , boxing up the reams of red cardstock .
When he went to claim the prize , he was refused and thrown out .
Robert learned how to walk the line , attracting attention , but not enough to threaten his effort to extract maximum profit .
He had to feel out a place to see if he could play the game straight up nonstop or more gradually .
The tickets claimed prizes like Xboxes , DeWalt power tools , guitars , DVD players and televisions .
He 'd ship the stuff back to Georgia and put it up on eBay .
He told me his entire story , spread out over an hour , as I watched him hit that target with perfect precision , dead center , every single time .
As a newspaper writer at the time , I pleaded with him to let me tell his story in the Rocky .
Nope , he said , that kind of publicity would certainly ruin his drilling days for good .
I offered anonymity , guaranteed no pictures , told him I would wait until he was done plundering the Denver D&B prize hut , everything .
Nope , nope , and nope .
He was very polite about it , but pretty firm on the point .
He would not even tell me his name .
Advertisement
After I wished him well and walked off , I circled back to a waitress and gave her $ 20 if she would find out his name somehow , either from a credit card slip or whatever .
She said he was paying in cash , which was pretty shrewd of him .
I got her to walk up , introduce herself and chat , in hopes that would get his name .
She came back with an obviously fake name , " Robert Jones , " that he 'd written on a bar coaster .
Anyway , the people finder searches we had could n't do anything with that in an area as large as Atlanta .
He 'd told me he was flying out early the following Sunday , not to Georgia , but another D&B 's he would n't name .
I woke up at 5 am to get out to Denver International Airport by 6 , hoping to catch him waiting at security , impress him with my dedication , and make one last appeal for his story .
There was no sign of him when I got there .
After an hour I left .
I went looking for eBayers selling both DeWalt tools and Xboxes , but that turned up nothing .
Eventually I gave up .
After more than four years , I think it 's OK to tell his story now .
I have no idea where he is or if he 's still making money doing this .
It 's hard to imagine his run lasting this long .
But when I do think about this soft - spoken , uncomplicated man from Georgia , it 's one of the few moments when I actually feel like I have any faith .
If we have any innate talents - God -given , you could say - we certainly did n't get to pick them , only develop and hone them .
We might have weird , esoteric , highly specific skills with no apparent purpose .
Yet .
Because maybe they were put there for a reason .
This man found his .
J.P. Machine Tools is previously a part of B.S. Group of Industries Started in 1950 's by Late .
S. Balbir Singh with the manufacturing of all types of Shapers ( D.G.S. grade .1 ) , later on Lathe machine , Milling machine & Radial drilling machine , surface machine , shaper machine , hydraulic power press , press brake are added to its manufacturin g list .
In 1970's FRIENDS METAL INDUSTRIES is started for manufacturing of precision Grinding machines , along with it on order manufacturing of Automobile Machinery & Woodworking Machinery is also initiated .
In 1977 J.P. Machine Tools is started now known ... read more ...!
c
We at J.P. Machine Tools Pvt. Ltd. are committed to consistently deliver enhanced value to our customers , through continual improvement of our products and systems by way of innovation , technology and knowledge managements . .
The recession is not a lifestyle choice
Image by : Mangpages
It ’s been so long since we ’ve had an economic downturn that people have forgotten recessions are about being fired , losing your home , and companies going under .
The mainstream press is instead treating the recession more like a seasonal change in fashion .
In a strange echo of the frivolous attitude that stoked up the debt bubble in the first place , much of the media seems to see the recession as a new ‘ story ’ , just as they ’d salute skirts going back above the knee or the return of cashmere .
Over the past few months I ’ve noticed :
Articles in glossy magazines explaining how to throw a thrifty Christmas party , with top tips such as forgoing a party bag for each guest , and plumping for free - range turkey instead of a goose for that special retro touch
Fashion writers talking of a new austere mood on the catwalks , which supposedly means that a £ 5,000 jacket with a few less shiny buttons is in touch with the times
Photos of well - groomed kids tumbling out of Range Rovers in remote corners of the country in articles extolling the joys of a stay - at - home holiday
Countless jokey references to the credit crunch and resultant penury throughout the lifestyle sections of newspapers and magazines
I do n’t want to sound too mean - spirited about this ; lifestyle journalists have mortgages to pay , too , and I ’ve nothing against a bit of fun to brighten up dark times .
But what worries me is that for the average person in the street , these silly articles constitute their main information diet for dealing with the recession !
Wake - up call to the world :
The recession is not a lifestyle choice .
The economic downturn is n’t about wearing coats that hark back to the Great Depression , or donning a 1950s apron and making an ironic return to the kitchen to bake grandma ’s cookies .
It ’s about seeing your friends and family lose their jobs and homes , and their lives changing forever .
And it ’s about trying as hard as you can to make sure that does n’t happen to you .
The mainstream media is lost for words
Personal finance bloggers have written sleeves - up articles on coping with the downturn , as have a few of the financial and money - focused sections of the mainstream media .
I made a modest contribution to this archive of practical advice with two fairly well - received early articles on quick financial checks to make in the face of the credit crunch , as well as some follow - up tips .
Now nearly a year has passed since I wrote those pieces , and events and the outlook has turned gloomier .
What started as a financial correction has now spread out to infect the entire economy .
Governments turn from nationalising banks to bailing out homeowners to increasing taxes as they struggle to deal with a situation outside the current generation ’s experience .
Again , the mainstream media seems to have two responses :
Either scaremongering : “ It ’s worse than the 1930s , the banks are all bust , the politicians have lost control , cue doom - and - gloom music ”
“ It ’s worse than the 1930s , the banks are all bust , the politicians have lost control , cue doom - and - gloom music ”
Or , frivolity : “ Do n’t worry , the recession will provide a great inspiration for some 1960s - style protest songs , and also enliven mealtimes “
This all - or - nothing approach is a particular disservice to young people , who ’ve never lived through a recession before .
I grew up in the 1980s – a time characterised in the UK by boom - bust economic turmoil , long cues of the unemployed outside what were then called ‘ dole offices ’ ( they have a more euphemistic name today ) , daily counts of job losses on the Six - O’Clock News and running battles between miners who were seeing their livelihoods shipped overseas ( rightly , in my view , but still painful ) and a politically - tilted police force .
The politics and impact of recession were a fact of every day life back before the long boom began .
Even in the early 1990s , when I went to university in London , the signs of economic difficulty were still all around .
When I was a student , ‘ thrifty chic ’ really was fashionable ; students had n’t yet been taught to accept huge debts as the price of an education , mobile phones were barely invented , and the average 19 - year old would no sooner expect to ‘ Get the Look ’ of a Hollywood celebrity than they ’d imagine their coursework would get the recognition of a paper from Einstein .
This was the era of the scruffy grunge bands , as well as house music in the UK .
Both had a come - as - you - are ethos that made living cheaply no problem for young people caught up in them .
The ‘ slacker ’ attitude captured by books like Douglas Coupland ’s Generation X was n’t some manufactured media response to recession : it was a very real reflection of the times .
Students then were being told that for the first time in living memory they ’d retire poorer than their parents , while in that pre-Internet era , technological revolution in the West seemed to have halted .
The world belonged to the Japanese , and Western kids were marking time .
We do n’t know how not to grow
It ’s hard to cast your mind back and remember these differences , without coming across like a working - class parody from Monty Python .
Besides , as mentioned recessions were n’t unusual 15 - 20 years ago .
But the dotcom crash aside , modern times in the West have been characterised by expansion , and an apparent ( but illusory ) mastery of the financial system .
This meant we were primed for a ‘ Minsky moment ‘ – an idea that arose from U.S. economist Hyman Minsky ’s famous proclamation that ‘ stability is unstable ’ .
We saw the consequences of that complacency over the past decade , as banks lent too much money , people borrowed too much , and financial speculators and investors kept fuelling the expansion , confident that Alan Greenspan and the Fed would cut interest rates to keep the party going .
Financial institutions took on far too much risk – or worse did n’t understand the risks – while the systematically dismantling of checks - and - balances and the general deification of investment bankers and fund managers allowed for personal greed on a breathtaking scale .
Now that world has unwound , we should n’t be surprised that the financial shock has been followed by a philosophical shock to the system .
The mainstream media does n’t know how to report bad economic news , let alone offer any practical advice , because for the past decade it ’s played the role of choir to the debt binge , rather than questioner and court jester .
Instead of querying the basis for the ridiculous house price bubble , for instance , the media mainly pumped out TV shows asking why buy one house when you could own two by taking on more debt .
Anyone with a contrary view was laughed at .
I know from personal experience , having pitched an idea to a contact at a national newspaper , only to be told that , effectively , that house prices did n’t ever go down .
Blogs are more in touch than the mainstream press
I ’m not naive enough to think the press can or should present a 100 % dissenting line as a matter of course , nor do I think that journalists were any better qualified than policymakers to understand our shifting attitude towards debt .
And there were , of course , a few sane voices arguing against the status quo .
The trouble is these so - called ‘ doom - mongers ’ got drowned out and discredited by being proven wrong as house prices somehow defied gravity and kept rising , leaving the skeptical poorer as well as looking foolish .
That ’s all changed now , but the editors and journalists writing today about the recession are the same ones who helped inflate the bubble .
And we can hardly expect a media that grew up in such a benign climate to be best equipped to deal with the recession now unfolding .
Publishers and broadcasters are stuffed with fluffy lifestyle writers who ca n’t do much more than throw a Kath Kidson - patterned cloth over the bad news and suggest we eat more porridge with a knowing nod .
And financial journalists who overwhelmingly said there was no house price bubble are n’t the men and women to understand the aftermath of it blowing up .
Do I have all the answers ?
Of course not .
( For that matter , more humility would be a good medicine for the mainstream media , too ) .
But I ’d suggest the personal finance ‘ blogosphere ’ can offer a very helpful contrary viewpoint right now .
I think personal finance bloggers are more in touch with what ’s happening on the ground , and more attuned to their reader ’s real concerns ( hint to big media : that ’s not whether red is an appropriate colour for a recession ) .
Personally , I think it ’s not impossible that the worst is over for investors , but that ’s definitely not true of the general economy , where things are certain to get much worse before they get any better .
As a self - employed consultant , for instance , I ’m finding several of my usual revenue sources drying up , and tomorrow I ’ll post an article offering some thoughts on securing your income in recessionary times .
For now though , here ’s some really useful blog articles on coping with the recession :
You might also Portraits of an Economy for personal tales from the front line of the recession .
Tests rely on testing urine samples to check for drugs
The makers of a prosthetic penis to help men cheat on drugs tests have pleaded guilty to two charges of conspiracy in a US federal court .
The two men , George Wills and Robert Catalano , had been selling the device - known as the Whizzinator - over the internet for three years .
The device was sold with a heating element and fake urine to help people test negative for illegal substances .
They could face up to eight years in prison and a $ 500,000 ( £ 334,000 ) fine .
The men ran an internet company known as Puck Technology , which between 2005 and 2008 sold the Whizzinator and a similar device , known as Number One .
" The Whizzinator is the ultimate solution for a drug testing device , " says a statement on the website of the California - based company , which calls itself the " undisputed leader in synthetic urine . "
" The prosthetic penis is very realistic and concealing is simple , while our quality production and materials assures you that the Whizzinator will let it flow again and again , anytime , anywhere you need it ! "
Mr Wills and Mr Catalano appeared before a federal court in Pittsburgh , and are scheduled to be sentenced in February .
Doom 's 15th Birthday - 102 Comments
It 's still December 10th in half the world at the time this was posted , so we can still say : Happy 15th Birthday , Doom !
There 's definitely something special about a computer game that still has such a strong following after so many years .
It would n't be possible without all those people who still go about creating levels , source ports , and other modifications , and to celebrate those people and their works , we present to you The 15th Annual Cacowards .
This year , Scuba Steve teams up with Patrick Pineda ( formerly Janitor ) and special guest Darknation .
Your master of ceremonies is Alex " pritch " Pritchard .
Karl Rove also was subpoenaed during the last Congress but refused to appear .
Rove subpoenaed by Conyers
House Judiciary Committee Chairman John Conyers ( D - Mich . ) has subpoenaed Karl Rove , the former top political advisor to President George W. Bush , to question what Rove knows about “ politicization ” of the Justice Department .
The Senate Judiciary Committee had subpoenaed Rove during the last Congress , but relying on an executive privilege claim by Bush , Rove refused to appear .
Advertisement
Conyers had previously subpoenaed former White House Counsel Harriet Miers and Josh Bolten , Bush former White House chief of staff , seeking any information they had .
Conyers is also seeking White House documents related to the firing of nine U.S. attorneys .
After the White House refused to comply with the subpoenas , and Miers refused to even appear before the committee to answer the subpoena , the House Judiciary Committee sued .
A federal judge backed the committee in a major win for Conyers and House Democrats , but resolution of the case has been delayed by the changeover in administrations .
President Obama has vowed to comply with congressional subpoenas .
“ I have said many times that I will carry this investigation forward to its conclusion , whether in Congress or in court , and today ’s action is an important step along the way , ” Conyers said .
Rove has until Feb. 2 to respond to the subpoena .
Conyers added : “ Change has come to Washington , and I hope Karl Rove is ready for it .
After two years of stonewalling , it ’s time for him to talk . ”
Rove ’s lawyer , Robert Luskin , did not immediately return calls or e-mails seeking comment .
Obama and Eric Holder , the administration ’s nominee for attorney general , have both said they will not try to “ criminalize policy differences ” with the Bush administration , especially controversial policies like authorization by the Justice Department of waterboarding .
But many prominent Democrats , including Speaker Nancy Pelosi ( Calif . ) and Sen. Patrick Leahy ( Vt. ) , chairman of the Judiciary Committee , have said they want to pursue Bush administration officials whom they believe misled Congress .
Leahy and other Democrats on his panel pressed Holder during his recent confirmation hearing to examine why federal prosecutors did not bring charges against Bradley Schlozman , a former top DOJ official in the Civil Rights Division .
A DOJ inspector general report found that Schlozman had likely violated civil service law by examining the political affiliations or views of applicants for DOJ positions , but the office of the U.S. attorney in the District of Columbia declined to seek charges .
Conyers wants information from Rove on the U.S. attorney firings , which eventually led to the resignation of former Attorney General Alberto Gonzales .
Conyers also wants to know whether Rove has any information on the prosecution of Don Siegelman .
A former GOP activist in Alabama said Rove was behind the Siegelman case but Rove strongly denied the allegation .
Version 1 : Noam Chomsky on Gaza Description : Noam Chomsky on Gaza Length ( hh : mm:ss ) : 01:43:28 Language : English Date Recorded : 2009 -01 - 13 Location Recorded : Massachusetts Institute of Technology Announcer Script / Transcript : View Script # Label Length File Info Downloads 1 Noam.Chomsky.on .
Gaza 00:53:06 128 Kbps mp3
( 31MB ) Mono 25062 2 Chomsky .
Gaza .Q&A 00:50:22 128 Kbps mp3
( 30 MB ) Mono 4847 Version 1 : Strategies for Peace and Justice in the Obama Years Description : Length ( hh : mm:ss ) : 00:13:09 Language : English Date Recorded : 2009-03-29 Location Recorded : Medford , MA Announcer Script / Transcript : View Script # Label Length File Info Downloads 1 00:13:09 128 Kbps mp3
( 8MB ) Mono 1656 Version 1 : Working for Real Change in the Obama Era Description : Length ( hh : mm:ss ) : 00:13:09 Language : English Date Recorded : 2009-03-29 Location Recorded : Medford , MA Announcer Script / Transcript : View Script # Label Length File Info Downloads 1 00:13:09 128 Kbps mp3
( 8MB ) Mono 1628
The mall is the stalwart spouse that has n’t learned any new moves in a decade .
It is owned by the Ghermezian brothers , who live in Canada and run a real estate conglomerate called Triple Five .
They rarely talk to the media and declined requests to be interviewed for this article .
Recently , they upgraded the Mall of America ’s movie multiplex , and in 2006 they dropped the Camp Snoopy theme in the amusement park after failing to reach a deal with United Media , which owns the rights to the brand .
The park is now Nickelodeon Universe .
But the basic design and sales pitch of the mall are unchanged .
The mall is still a huge rectangle , with the stores surrounding the park and the shopping areas divided into four sections  each with its own name , décor and background music .
As the publicist Dan Jasper explained in an e-mail message , the West Market  the hallway between Nordstrom and Macy ’s  is supposed to feel like a European train station and gets smooth jazz .
The North Garden , which connects Sears and Macy ’s , is lined with trees and lampposts and is supposed to feel like an outdoor park ; the retail mix skews toward teenagers and the music is described as “ pop contemporary adult hottest hits . ”
South Avenue collects the upscale , chic stores and pipes in “ rock adult album alternative . ”
East Broadway is supposed to feel contemporary and gets “ pop adult contemporary / modern . ”
Despite the different looks , and despite navigation maps on kiosks around the building , you never quite get your bearings .
Several stores have more than one location  there are two Nestlé Toll House Cookies spots , for instance , and four Caribou Coffees  which gives you the impression that you ’re lapping places you have n’t yet been .
The mall has skylights but , like a casino , has no windows and not a single clock .
“ Why do we want you to know what time it is ? ” Ms. Bausch says with a smile .
“ We do n’t want you to leave so we do n’t want you to be in a hurry . ”
Image Felicia Glass - Wilcox says her Chapel of Love is balancing , but barely .
Credit ... Caroline Yang for The New York Times
SPEND enough hours in the Mall of America and you wind up in a sort of fugue state in which the specifics of time and place turn fuzzy .
The hope , one assumes , is that you ’ll spend more freely in this alternative universe of nonstop distractions .
Rory Cellan- Jones
I spent an hour this afternoon at Google 's London HQ getting a first look at its new browser , Chrome .
So here are a few hurried first impressions ...
In order to see this content you need to have both Javascript enabled and Flash installed .
Visit BBC
Webwise for full instructions .
If you 're reading via RSS , you 'll need to visit the blog to access this content .
The first thing you see when you open the browser is a clutch of snapshots of some of your favourite websites , garnered from your search history .
Click and you go straight to them .
There 's also a box enabling you to search your web history .
But it 's the address bar which is intended to do much of the heavy lifting .
Start typing in the box - and it begins to offer suggested URLs or offer web searches .
Google seems pretty excited about this - but to my eyes it looked much like Firefox 's " Awesome Bar " .
As with all new browsers , tabs are an important feature , though Google is claiming its tabs are extra special .
They each feature the address bar , and they 're designed so that if a site crashes in one tab , it does n't bring down the whole browser , a policy Google calls " kill the tab , not the browser " .
Privacy is now a growing concern for many web users , and Chrome has an " Incognito " mode , which means that if your partner comes to the computer after you 've been using it , they will not see which sites you have visited .
Used on Google 's network , Chrome did appear to load pages very quickly and efficiently - and if those who install the beta ( only for Windows right now ) experience similar speeds , then it could gain quite a following .
Overall , the browser does not feature anything that will blow the socks off a Firefox user - and persuading the mass of web users , many of whom will be unaware of which browser they use , to go and download Chrome will not be easy .
So Chrome borrows many of its ideas - and its technology - from other browsers .
But more choice can only be a good thing , and help spark further innovation .
Expanding the new frontier just as they did the old , railroads will take flight next month as the first space railroad is launched aboard Space Shuttle Atlantis .
Circling Earth aboard the International Space Station , the car on this railway will have a top speed of only 300 feet per hour , but the entire line -- tracks and all -- will travel almost nine times faster than a speeding bullet , over 17,000 miles per hour , in orbit .
The rail line eventually will stretch almost 100 yards along the structural backbone of the station , serving as a mobile base from which the station 's Canadian - built robotic arm can assemble and maintain the complex .
" To build the rails that linked the east and west coasts of the United States , thousands of workers endured desert heat , frigid mountains and countless obstacles .
These rails in space will run in temperatures far hotter than any desert and far colder than any mountain , " said NASA Mobile Transporter Subsystem Manager Tom Farrell at the Johnson Space Center in Houston .
" And just like the transcontinental rails pulled together our country , these rails pull together 16 nations around the world , cooperating in orbit . "
Atlantis will launch the railcar , called the Mobile Transporter , and an initial 43 - foot section of track as it delivers the first segment of the International Space Station 's exterior truss .
Designated " S0 ( S - zero ) , " the first section of truss will be carried aloft by Atlantis on shuttle mission STS - 110 in April .
More sections of track will be added during the next two years as eight segments of the girder - like truss are launched aboard the shuttle .
By the end of this year , the tracks already will stretch more than 130 feet .
When completed , the truss will stretch over 360 feet , the longest structure ever built in space .
An additional base system will be attached atop the flatcar - like Mobile Transporter during a shuttle flight in May , but the space train will leave the depot for its inaugural run during Atlantis ' April mission .
After spacewalkers loosen launch restraints and attach electrical and computer cable reels , Mission Control will command the Mobile Transporter railcar to inch its way up and down the 43 - foot section of track .
" It 's built for precise positioning and smooth velocity control ; it 's not built for speed , " said Randy Straub , subcontract technical manager for the system with The Boeing Company in Huntington Beach , Calif .
The operation of the railway is critical for continued assembly of the station .
It will allow the station 's Canadarm2 robotic arm to carry future truss segments and solar arrays down the tracks to install them .
Part flatcar and part locomotive , the Mobile Transporter weighs 1,950 pounds and is a horse made of aluminum , not iron .
The Mobile Transporter was built by TRW Astro in Carpinteria , Calif. , for Boeing , the prime contractor for station construction .
It measures three feet high , nine feet long and eight feet wide and moves along two parallel rails attached to the station truss at speeds varying from one - tenth of an inch to one inch per second .
Although driven by dual electric motors that generate only about a hundredth of one horsepower , the transporter can move 23 tons of cargo down the rails .
What is the hardest part about building a zero - gravity railroad ?
" We 've done a lot of work to make certain it can't jump the tracks , " said Farrell .
" We have to be sure it will be safe during all the station 's activities , like reboosting its orbit or having visiting vehicles dock . "
The transporter stays on track with three sets of wheels , one set that propels it and two sets in roller suspension units , spring - loaded units that have rollers on both sides of the track to ensure the transporter can't float loose .
The railcar will have 10 stops , specific locations called worksites where it can be locked down with a 7,000 - pound grip , allowing the robotic arm to safely maneuver cargo .
Although it can be driven from the station or from the ground , the engineers for NASA 's space railroad will normally reside in Mission Control , Houston , driving the train from thousands of miles away and hundreds of miles below .
Although the Mobile Transporter will be a freight train and not a passenger train , space - walking astronauts will have their own form of personal rail transportation aboard the station .
Astronauts will operate a small handcar to maneuver up and down the rail line , a car that they will pull along the zero - gravity railway by hand to move themselves and their gear from place to place .
Called the Crew and Equipment Translation Aid , two such carts will be delivered to the station before the end of the year .
" Peace on Earth , " people ritualistically intone every Christmas .
It ’s a wonderful platitude .
But utterly meaningless , at least in the US .
Without question the American government is the most aggressive , belligerent , and warlike on earth .
That does n’t mean Washington is the worst , most murderous regime in existence .
There are wars , like America ’s invasion of Panama , and then there are wars , like Iraq ’s invasion of Iran .
Moreover , there are governments which kill promiscuously without invading other nations , such as North Korea .
Yet no other country so frequently attacks other states or so ostentatiously claims the right to invade other states as the US .
Russia felt it necessary to point to America ’s attack on Serbia as justification for attacking the country of Georgia .
Washington saw no need to cite any precedent in bombing Serbia for 78 days  or in undertaking any of its other military operations .
Consider the American government ’s record since 1980 .
It has used , backed , or threatened force more than a dozen times : Nicaragua , Grenada , Libya , Lebanon , Panama , Haiti ( twice ) , Somalia , Iraq ( twice ) , Bosnia , Serbia , and Afghanistan ( twice ) .
No other country comes close to the US
One can justify one or another of these actions , but most were relevant to no American interests and certainly promoted no vital interests .
Lebanon ?
Serbia ?
Somalia ?
Haiti ?
The bankruptcy of Washington ’s position is evident from how US officials routinely change their justifications to fit the circumstances .
Iraq had to be invaded .
After all , there were WMDs to seize .
Oops .
There were 9/11 terrorists to punish .
Oops .
There was democracy to promote .
Oops .
It ’s hard not to conclude that US officials had decided to invade Iraq , with the specific reasons as secondary , even unimportant .
Most anything would do .
But then , Washington does n’t need to have reasons , let alone good reasons , for invading other states .
The militaristic philosophy of America ’s policymakers is reflected in US " defense " spending .
Only one country , Russia , has a nuclear force comparable to that of America , and Washington ’s arsenal remains far superior .
No other nation has the devastating mix of conventional quality and quantity that characterizes the US military and only Russia has even modest lift capacity to move its forces outside its borders .
Terrorist networks pose a more active threat , but are best met with good intelligence , special forces , and allied cooperation rather than carrier groups and armored divisions .
In short , the US is more secure than at any point during the last half century .
Nevertheless , Washington accounts for half of all military spending on earth .
And outlays continue to increase .
The US now devotes more money , adjusted for inflation , to the military than at any point during the Cold War , Korean War , or Vietnam War .
" Defense " outlays are completely disproportionate to the global threat environment .
In fact , most of that spending is not to defend Americans .
Most US military outlays are for attacking other nations .
It makes sense to maintain a strong military .
But the US does not need the forces necessary to attack every other nation on every other continent .
America ’s principal foreign policy goal should be to defend itself , not promiscuously meddle in international affairs , engaging in social engineering around the globe .
Washington ’s policy of endless intervention is dangerous , since it involves Americans in multiple conflicts of no concern to the US .
It also is extraordinarily expensive .
Military spending in 2009 will run roughly $ 700 billion .
Attempting to maintain the overwhelming superiority necessary to project power into other regions will grow ever more expensive as China , Russia , and India spend more .
It will be far easier for them to create modest deterrent forces than for Washington to develop and maintain the ever larger militaries necessary to overwhelm other nations ’ forces .
Wasting endless billions on unnecessary arms and personnel might seem sustainable during periods of abundant economic growth , but not today , with the economy in freefall and the Treasury empty .
It ’s bad enough to toss away American dollars to subsidize failing American enterprises .
It ’s ludicrous to toss away American dollars to protect populous and prosperous allies and reengineer failed Third World states .
The loss of global dominance will be slow , since America ’s lead is so vast .
But despite the pain that will be felt by Washington policymakers used to bossing around friends and foes alike , such relative decline is inevitable .
Just as Great Britain was forced to accommodate the US , a rising power an ocean away , the US will have to accept a China and India on the rise , a Russia on the rebound , and a Europe moving towards more consolidated government .
America will remain special , but will become a more normal country in its dealings with the rest of the world .
One result will be Washington no longer acting like globo - cop , bombing and invading countries hither and yon .
The US government can get away with such conduct as long as it enjoys an overwhelming military advantage .
However , a militarized foreign policy will become far more difficult to sustain as America slips to first among equals .
Even then no one else will be able to defeat the US or threaten its core interests , but it will lose its ability to coerce other nations .
The world will still be a turbulent and often ugly place .
But such a world is likely to be more peaceful for Americans .
And that will be all to the good .
The temptation for Washington policymakers to meddle around the globe is strong .
However , though war can be necessary and good can come out of evil , the overwhelming presumption of US policy should be for peace .
The horrific dissolution of Iraqi society , with hundreds of thousands of dead , even more wounded , and millions displaced , should forever destroy the myth that Washington is capable of using war as a beneficent tool of social engineering .
Peace on Earth .
The phrase may never accurately describe our world .
But it is a worthy ideal to which we should strive .
Achieving it will never be easy .
But the new administration coming to Washington creates new opportunities for change .
Americans should use this Christmas season to demand that their government give peace a chance .
In my previous entry , I attempts to define “ objective ” and “ subjective ” using the dictionary , as this would convey the common meaning of those words .
I defined objective knowledge as “ unbiased knowledge about the world around us ” and subjective knowledge as “ that which exists in the mind and pertains to the one who holds the knowledge . ”
The problems with these definitions are as follows :
1 . All knowledge exists in the mind .
2 . It is not clear that unbiased knowledge exists , and even if it did , it would constitute a tiny fraction of our knowledge .
3 . Whether or not knowledge is biased is not relevant to its validity .
If I hated cats , for example , that would not invalidate my subjective claim that cats tend to scratch up furniture .
4. Subjective claims are often about the world around us .
For example , if I claimed that President Bush was the worst president in US history , this is a truth claim about President Bush and US history .
So we need something better that these dictionary definitions .
Let me thus propose something that George Cooper offered on the ASA list :
Could we not simplify define “ objective ” as being that which can be measured by all parties who should obtain the same result given an appropriate range of accuracy ?
Measurement is thus the key to objective knowledge .
And it has to be a form of measurement whereby everyone would get basically the same result .
And this explains why we tend to associate science with objectivity , as science is built around instruments that measure as part of an experimental design .
About the author
( NewsTarget ) Vicks VapoRub has long been a popular over - the - counter treatment for symptoms of cough and congestion .
But now research published in the January issue of , the peer - reviewed journal of the American College of Chest Physicians ( ACCP ) , concludes the salve may stimulate mucus and airway inflammation -- and , in some cases , dangerously interfere with the ability of infants and toddlers to breathe .
Bruce K. Rubin , MD and his colleagues at Wake Forest University School of Medicine 's Pediatrics Department decided to study the effects of Vicks VapoRub on the respiratory system after they treated an 18 - month - old girl who went into severe respiratory distress after the salve was rubbed under her nose .
The researchers used ferrets ( because they have an airway anatomy and cellular composition similar to people ) to study the impact of the salve on mucus production and accumulation in the airways , as well as the build up of fluid in the lungs .
Healthy ferrets and ferrets with induced tracheal inflammation ( to simulate a person with a chest infection ) underwent testing after they were exposed to Vicks VapoRub salve .
Results showed the exposure caused mucus secretion to rise significantly in both normal and inflamed airways .
Mucus clearance , however , decreased .
Although the study only tested Vicks VapoRub , the researchers concluded that similar products , including generic brands , would be likely to also cause adverse reaction in infants and toddlers .
Vicks VapoRub 's ingredients include camphor , menthol , Eucalyptus oil , turpentine and petrolatum , made from petroleum .
"
The ingredients in Vicks can be irritants , causing the body to produce more mucus to protect the airway , " Dr. Rubin , the study 's lead author , said in a statement to the media .
" Infants and young children have airways that are much narrower than those of adults , so any increase in mucus or inflammation can narrow them more severely .
" Although the salve is not supposed to be used on children under age 2 , the researchers noted that many parents ignore this labeling advice and use Vicks VapoRub to try and relieve very young children 's cold and flu symptoms , usually by rubbing the ointment on the chest or feet .
The idea that something sold over - the - counter must be safe is clearly not only inaccurate but sometimes can have severe health consequences .
" I recommend never putting Vicks in , or under , the nose of anybody -- adult or child .
Some of the ingredients in Vicks , notably the menthol , trick the brain into thinking that it is easier to breathe by triggering a cold sensation , which is processed as indicating more airflow .
Vicks may make you feel better but it can't help you breathe better .
Cough and cold medicines and decongestants are dangerous and neither effective nor safe for young children .
Medications to dry up nasal passages also have problems , " Dr. Rubin said in the press statement .
He emphasizes that natural therapies are a much better alternative : " The best treatments for congestion are a bit of saline ( salt water ) and gentle rubber bulb suction , warm drinks or chicken soup , and , often , just letting the passage of time heal the child . "
Dr. Rubin also pointed out that any time a child struggles to breathe , it should be considered a medical emergency and the youngster should be seen by a physician as soon as possible .
" Parents should consult with a physician before administering any over - the - counter medicine to infants and young children , " James A. L. Mathers , Jr. , MD , President of the American College of Chest Physicians , stated in the media release .
" Furthermore , the American College of Chest Physicians and several other health - care organizations have concluded that over - the - counter cough and cold medicines can be harmful for infants and young children and are , therefore , not recommended .
" For more information , visit the American College of Chest Physicians ' website : http://www.chestnet.org/about/press/releases...
Sherry Baker is a widely published writer whose work has appeared in Newsweek , Health , the Atlanta Journal and Constitution , Yoga Journal , Optometry , Atlanta , Arthritis Today , Natural Healing Newsletter , OMNI , UCLA 's " Healthy Years " newsletter , Mount Sinai School of Medicine 's " Focus on Health Aging " newsletter , the Cleveland Clinic 's " Men 's Health Advisor " newsletter and many others .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Israel has begun a unilateral ceasefire in Gaza , three weeks after launching a full - scale assault against Hamas .
Prime Minister Ehud Olmert said Israel had achieved its goals and Hamas - which has been firing rockets at Israel - had been defeated .
But hours later , five rockets fell near the Israeli border town of Sderot , and there was a brief exchange of fire .
Israel said its troops would remain in Gaza for now .
Hamas said it would not accept one Israeli soldier in Gaza .
Nearly 1,200 Palestinians have been killed since the violence began on 27 December .
Thirteen Israelis have died .
The US has welcomed the ceasefire , saying it " expects that all parties will cease attacks and hostile actions immediately " .
UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon expressed relief , saying the ceasefire should be " the first step leading to the full withdrawal of Israeli troops from Gaza " .
Aid organisations have expressed concern that crossings into Gaza will not reopen fully unless Hamas is committed to a ceasefire .
' Goals achieved '
The Israeli prime minister 's announcement came in a televised address following a late - night cabinet meeting .
We feel the pain of every Palestinian child and family member who fell victim to the cruel reality created by Hamas
Ehud Olmert
Israeli prime minister Excerpts : Olmert declares ceasefire Ceasefire may not end war Lebanese fear next step Survivors count losses in Rafah
Israel 's " goals have been achieved , and even more " , Mr Olmert said .
Hamas was badly damaged both militarily and in terms of government infrastructure ; rocket factories and dozens of smuggling tunnels had been destroyed , he said .
But the success of the ceasefire depended on Hamas , he said .
Troops would remain in Gaza for the time being and if Hamas held fire , the military would " consider pulling out of Gaza at a time that befits us " .
If militant rocket fire into Israel continued , Israel would respond with force , the Israeli leader added .
A Hamas spokesman , Fawzi Barhum , condemned the move .
Hamas could not " accept the presence of a single [ Israeli ] soldier in Gaza " , he said .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Israel must withdraw completely , lift its economic blockade of Gaza and open border crossings , the spokesman said .
BBC Middle East editor Jeremy Bowen says the question now is whether Hamas decides to lick its wounds and regroup - or whether it gambles on dragging Israel into a war of attrition .
Hamas representatives have been taking part in talks in Cairo , brokered by Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak , aimed at reaching a bilateral deal .
Egypt will on Sunday host a summit , attended by Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas , the UN chief and several EU leaders , aimed at securing a permanent truce .
Representatives of Germany , Britain , France , Italy , Spain , Turkey and Jordan are expected to attend the meeting in the Red Sea resort of Sharm el - Sheikh .
On Saturday , Germany , France and Britain sent identical letters to the Israeli and Egyptian governments offering support for a ceasefire and their help in preventing arms smuggling into Gaza .
Minutes before Mr Olmert spoke , a rocket was fired from Gaza , a BBC producer in Gaza said .
' War crime '
The Israeli announcement came on the 22nd day of violence in Gaza .
HAVE YOUR SAY If Hamas is not involved then the cease fire is agreed with whom ?
Khizar Mohammed , Mumbai , India Israel carried out more than 50 air strikes on Gaza on Friday night , as Hamas rocket fire from the territory continued .
United Nations officials said two children , aged five and seven , were killed when Israeli tank fire hit a UN school where hundreds had taken shelter in the northern town of Beit Lahiya .
Chris Gunness , a spokesman for the UN Relief and Works Agency ( Unrwa ) , said an investigation was needed " to determine whether a war crime has been committed " .
An Israeli foreign ministry spokesman , Yigal Palmor , told the BBC that Israel was waiting for more information on what happened .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
[ Can games be realistic emotional simulators ?
Game designer and writer Ernest Adams explores in depth how AI might actually emulate human emotions . ]
Computers were first invented to crunch numbers for their own sake .
Charles Babbage 's Difference Engine was built to calculate polynomials , and Lady Lovelace wrote the first known program for his Analytical Engine to compute a sequence called the Bernoulli Numbers .
It was n't until later that computers began to be used for applied tasks such as figuring out trajectories for artillery shells .
Later still , computer games were invented .
We put a veneer of meaning on top of a mathematical simulation to create an imaginary world , but often the veneer is n't very thick .
It 's particularly noticeable in economic simulations and role - playing games .
You win the game by watching the numbers on the screen .
This makes sense in economic simulations , especially ones that are supposed to serve an educational purpose .
Recently , I got a chance to play a beta version of a funky little game called Super Energy Apocalypse from Brain Juice Games .
Its designer , Lars Doucet , characterizes it as " Sustainable energy use ... AND ZOMBIES ! "
Every night your community gets attacked by zombies ( actually , garbage - eating aliens disguised as zombies ... it's a long story ) .
To win the game you have to develop non-polluting energy sources to power your defenses .
Zombies love smog and nuclear waste , so you have to keep your eye on both the energy production rate and the amount of smog and waste you 're creating in the process .
It was fun , and , as it's based on real - world power generation systems , I learned some things .
For the most part , though , I 'm starting to find myself a bit tired of games in which the mathematics are so close to the surface .
I love role - playing games for the exploration , the stories , and their large variety of characters and locations , but I 'm less enthused about the constant trading and upgrading .
All that emphasis on gear seems distinctly nerdy to me .
There 's not much difference between bragging about your Superior Glowing Voulge of Major Whacking , and bragging about your overclocked liquid - cooled Alienware PC with the Go-Faster LEDs in the case .
RPGs are about character growth , but it's all character growth as expressed in numerical terms .
At the end of the game your character is faster , stronger , more dexterous , and so on ; you have the figures to prove it .
But he might as well be a robot as a human being .
There 's precious little of what we might call psychological character growth -- growth as a person .
So I 'm starting to think about games that turn numbers into behavior .
Of course , many games use finite state machines for their characters '
AI , and the finite state machines take numerical values as input .
( " If the enemy is within range , switch to attack mode . " )
But these machines do n't change -- the characters do n't grow and learn to change their behavior .
And as designer / professor Michael Mateas pointed out , finite state machines can't walk and chew gum at the same time -- i.e. , they only exist in one state at a time , so they can't exhibit complicated mixtures of actions .
An early example of a " character " apparently changing its mood and behavior in a sophisticated way appeared in Chris Crawford 's Balance of Power .
I 've written often about this game because it was both brilliant and unique -- a simulation of superpower geopolitical maneuvering that , so far as I know , has never been tried since .
It was a single - player game .
You played either the USA or the USSR , and you tried to maximize your country 's prestige at the expense of the other side , in part by facing them down in a series of diplomatic crises .
( The Cuban Missile Crisis is the most famous real - world example . )
In each turn , both sides undertook various diplomatic activities ( such as forming alliances ) in smaller countries around the world , and in the next turn , each side had the chance to challenge the actions that the other side took -- a crisis .
When a crisis erupted , one side or the other would eventually have to back down .
It was essential to choose your battles carefully , because if you provoked the other side into nuclear war , you lost the game .
Balance of Power was such a hit that Crawford wrote a book explaining how it worked , right down to the equations he used .
The book was called Balance of Power : International Politics as the Ultimate Global Game .
It 's long out of print , but Crawford has made a plain - text version available on his own website .
I think it 's a must - read for any game designer : a clear and intelligent explanation of how mathematical formulae turn into behavior .
“ It ’s the basis of all medicine , ” said Dr. Barbara A. Sampson , the first deputy chief medical examiner .
From the mysteries of blood flow to the mechanics of the heart , the residents of the morgue have been whispering their secrets to the living since the place opened in 1918 .
Dr. Sampson , bespectacled in a lab coat , was standing down the hallway from the coolers in the harshly lighted autopsy room , an antiseptic chamber with eight steel tables , a large supply of chemical preservatives and several shelves of Tupperware for the storage of vital organs .
The smell was of formaldehyde with a lingering bitter undertone of cherries .
It was the sort of stench that gets inside your nose and makes your head hurt , that seeps into the fabric of your clothes .
Autopsies are more or less performed the same way today as they were when Rudolph Virchow , a German physician , standardized the process in the 19th century .
They can be crude at times , even brutal :
Here , a metal soup ladle is used to scoop fluid from the bodies ; a pair of hedge clippers , picked up at a hardware store , is employed to cut ribs .
Thousands of bodies pass through here each year , as many as a dozen on an ordinary day .
They enter from a loading bay on 30th Street , reside on average for 24 hours , then are shipped back out to funeral homes or , if no one comes to claim them , to the city ’s potter ’s field , on Hart Island in the Bronx .
According to the City Charter , there are 13 reasons a body will be brought into the morgue , and you are lucky if none of them happens to you .
Among them , there is death by violence , death by suicide and death by either accident or overdose .
There is death in jail or from an injury related to employment .
Then there is the catch - all death of anyone who dies while in “ apparent good health . ”
I decided to start doing a small app to test out the widgets ( VIDEO ) .
More real life than the eye - candy I ’ve been posting till now .
Its a TODO like app which will actually manage my TODO , FIXME , DONE list that I am using for this .
The base is a YAML file – not the best idea compared to a database , I know , since the list will grow with time .
So a lot of minor issues and bugs or gaps are getting taken care of .
Yes , occasionally a bug creeps in too !
I am realizing that for real - life table sorting and filtering is required — without touching the table model , else I wont be able to write back to disk .
I have it in mind , an intermediate view that maps to the table model .
I will be adding more options or customizations so the widgets suit real needs rather than just look cute .
Here ’s the first rough screen - shot after half a day of work .
I _am_ using it !
This link will have an updated screenshot , updated daily once .
Another .
Briefly , Category is a combo and refreshes the table with items for that category such as TODO , DONE , FIXME etc .
The :CHANGED event is bound to refresh the table .
Within the table , Module and Status are combos too .
Priority is numeric , and Task is wider than displayed and will horizontally scroll .
Within the table , TAB and backtab will go from cell to cell .
After the last cell , they go to next row .
When no more row , they go to next field .
Alt - Tab and Alt - backtab immediately moved to next / previous field .
Down and UP arrow , C-n and C - p , do vertical navigation or paging .
Interestingly , combos use UP and DOWN for changing the value , however , this app unbinds the combos UP and DOWN so it can be used by Table for navigation .
One can still change combo values using M - Down ( alt - down ) .
One rarely modifies Module anyway .
This is one example of actual usage making me change or tweak widgets .
Editing automatically happens on entering a cell .
In the demo video , editing on a cell required hitting ENTER .
Otherwise the cells were readonly , and navigation was fast .
This is optional now .
Tables that have very little editing such as a Finder / File Explorer can require user to press ENTER to make a cell editable .
Hopefully , by Jan end , I can release a V0.1 .
Check todo.yml and testtodo.rb on github .
VIDEO LINK .
Update : I have added an ApplicationHeader class and KeyLabels like alpine ( email client ) has at top and bottom .
See latest screenshot .
In this image , cursor moves to the Tasks Table and the keys printed below change .
Table Row is updated as you scroll down the table .
McCain fought money on teen pregnancy programs Associated Press
Published : Tuesday September 2 , 2008
Print This Email This Republican John McCain , whose running mate disclosed that her unmarried 17 - year - old daughter is pregnant , has opposed proposals to spend federal money on teen - pregnancy prevention programs and voted to require poor teen mothers to stay in school or lose their benefits .
Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin 's announcement Monday about her daughter Bristol was aimed at rebutting Internet rumors that Palin 's youngest son , born in April , was actually her daughter's .
Palin said her daughter intends to raise her child and marry the baby 's father , identified in news reports as Levi Johnston , 18 , of Wasilla , a high school hockey player whom Bristol has dated for about one year .
The baby is due in late December .
McCain 's record on issues surrounding teen pregnancy and contraceptives during his more than two decades in the Senate indicates that he and Palin have similar views .
Until Monday , when the subject surfaced in a deeply personal manner , teen pregnancy and sex education were not issues in the national political campaign .
Palin herself said she opposes funding sexual - education programs in Alaska .
" The explicit sex - ed programs will not find my support , " she wrote in a 2006 questionnaire distributed among gubernatorial candidates .
McCain 's position on contraceptives and teen pregnancy issues has been difficult to judge on the campaign trail , as he appears uncomfortable discussing such topics .
Reporters asked the presumptive GOP presidential nominee in November 2007 whether he supported grants for sex education in the United States , whether such programs should include directions for using contraceptives and whether he supports President Bush 's policy of promoting abstinence .
" Ahhh , I think I support the president 's policy , " McCain said .
When reporters pressed McCain whether the government should provide contraceptives or counseling on contraceptives , he replied , " You 've stumped me . "
McCain said later that he was sure he opposed government spending on contraceptives .
The McCain campaign on Monday did not respond to repeated requests for information .
In Senate votes , McCain has opposed some proposals to pay for teen - pregnancy prevention programs .
In 2006 , McCain joined fellow Republicans in voting against a Senate Democratic proposal to send $ 100 million to communities for teen - pregnancy prevention programs that would have included sex education about contraceptives .
In 2005 , McCain opposed a Senate Democratic proposal that would have spent tens of millions of dollars to pay for pregnancy prevention programs other than abstinence - only education , including education on emergency contraception such as the morning - after pill .
The bill also would have required insurance companies that cover Viagra to also pay for prescription contraception .
McCain voted for the Family Support Act in 1988 , which passed overwhelmingly in the Senate and required teen mothers who receive public assistance to remain in high school and , in some cases , to live with their parents .
" Young parents who have not completed high school will be required to stay in or return to school to complete the basic education so necessary to a productive life , " said President Reagan , as he signed the law in October 1988 .
McCain cited abortion , sex education and birth control as some of the issues on which he differed with Joycelyn Elders , former President Clinton 's nominee for surgeon general .
He quoted Elders as telling lawmakers that abortion has had positive health effects , including reducing the number of children " afflicted with severe defects . "
" As a father of a number of young children , including an adopted daughter who was born with a birth defect , I am deeply , deeply troubled by these views , " McCain said in a 1993 speech opposing Elders ' confirmation .
Palin's fifth child , a son named Trig , was born in April with Down syndrome , a genetic abnormality that impedes physical , intellectual and language development .
Conservatives supportive of Palin as McCain 's running mate have praised her choice to deliver Trig even after the family learned about his condition during prenatal testing .
McCain said the country unarguably had a problem with teen pregnancy , but said Elders ' approach would only make it worse .
He said Elders started a program to distribute condoms in schools , but the rate of teen pregnancy actually rose in those counties .
When it turned out many of the condoms were defective , Elders decided to continue the program rather than halt it or inform the public of the risk , McCain added .
Kamchatka , a good place in Russia to visit .
It is famous for its volcanoes , the valleys of hot springs , wild bears that do n’t afraid men , very snow but not cold winters and low population rate , and yes it ’s next to Atlantic .
photos made by this man with the fish , via fishki.net
PBS : NSA could have prevented 9/11 hijackings Muriel Kane
Published : Tuesday January 27 , 2009
Print This Email This
The super - secretive National Security Agency has been quietly monitoring , decrypting , and interpreting foreign communications for decades , starting long before it came under criticism as a result of recent revelations about the Bush administration 's warrantless wiretapping program .
Now a forthcoming PBS documentary asks whether the NSA could have prevented 9/11 if it had been more willing to share its data with other agencies .
Author James Bamford looked into the performance of the NSA in his 2008 book , The Shadow Factory , and found that it had been closely monitoring the 9/11 hijackers as they moved freely around the United States and communicated with Osama bin Laden 's operations center in Yemen .
The NSA had even tapped bin Laden 's satellite phone , starting in 1996 .
" The NSA never alerted any other agency that the terrorists were in the United States and moving across the country towards Washington , " Bamford told PBS .
PBS also found that " the 9/11 Commission never looked closely into NSA 's role in the broad intelligence breakdown behind the World Trade Center and Pentagon attacks .
If they had , they would have understood the full extent to which the agency had major pieces of the puzzle but never put them together or disclosed their entire body of knowledge to the CIA and the FBI . "
In a review of Bamford 's book , former senator and 9/11 Commission member Bob Kerrey wrote , " As the 9/11 Commission later established , U.S. intelligence officials knew that al - Qaeda had held a planning meeting in Malaysia , found out the names of two recruits who had been present -- Khalid al - Mihdhar and Nawaf al - Hazmi -- and suspected that one and maybe both of them had flown to Los Angeles .
Bamford reveals that the NSA had been eavesdropping for months on their calls to Yemen , yet the agency ' never made the effort ' to trace where the calls originated .
' At any time , had the FBI been notified , they could have found Hazmi in a matter of seconds . ' "
Former CIA analyst Michael Scheuer told PBS , " None of this information that we 're speaking about this evening 's in the 9/11 Commission report .
They simply ignored all of it . "
Not only was then - Director Michael Hayden never held accountable for the NSA 's alleged failure , but he went on to oversee the Bush administration 's vast expansion of domestic surveillance .
In 2006 , he was appointed as director of the CIA .
When asked whether the NSA 's warrantless eavesdropping violated FISA law , Hayden insisted , " I have an order whose lawfulness has been attested to by the attorney general , an order whose lawfulness has been attested to by NSA lawyers who do this for a living .
No , we 're not violating the law .
... I 'm asserting that NSA is doing its job . "
NSA 's power to eavesdrop on ordinary Americans has vastly increased since 2001 , and the government 's secret watch list now includes over a half a million names .
PBS raises serious questions about whether important clues are still being missed simply as a result of the sheer volume of data being collected .
The Spy Factory will be shown over most PBS stations on February 3 , 2009 at 8 pm .
The following preview was posted by NOVAonline at YouTube .
The scale of damage done by the Blair - Brown project is only beginning to emerge .
The bills , mounting daily , will bear down on our collective finances for decades .
The Government and its pathetic apologists can no longer pretend that our problems are someone else 's fault .
The game is up .
It has not just presided over a fiasco , it has orchestrated one , promoting a credit - card culture in which greedy lenders and reckless borrowers ran amok .
World ’s Strongest Alcohols
This article is about some of world strongest alcohols liquors .
Everclear , absinthe , vodka , whiskey , gim and rum .
Everclear
Everclear is a potent type of grain alcohol , that is available at concentrations of 75.5 % alcohol and unbelievable 95 % alcohol ( 190 proof , the highest proof alcohol that can exist without evaporating ) .
Just to compare with some other hard liquors such as rum and vodka , which typically contain 40 % –60 % alcohol .
Because of hes strength it became popular amongst college students .
Its banned in some states , but in those where is legal to buy it , you can find him in 750 ml bottle for just over $ 20 , what is very good price for hes strength .
Everclear is commonly added to a variety of other drinks , such as soft drinks , energy drinks , fruit juice , and iced tea .
Everclear is also used in cooking because alcohol extracts flavors exceptionally well .
It is used to make custom liqueurs such as rosé or limoncello .
It is infused with fruit and then diluted with simple syrup to 30 % alcohol
Absinthe
Absinthe is also one strong alcohol drink , with 50 % - 75 % of alcohol .
Actual content varies by brand .
For example Hills Absinth and King of Spirits Absinth a contains 70 % .
Most absintheurs drink absinthe the traditional way : louched with water poured over a cube of white sugar .
Some drink absinthe that was poured over sugar that is subsequently set alight ( though absinthe purists decry this practice ) , and a few even like drinking absinthe neat ( brave souls ! ) .
Absinthe cocktails , too , have long been a favorite way to enjoy this special drink .
More recently , absinthe even found its way into ice cream sundaes and Swiss chocolates .
Absinthe has long been believed to be hallucinogenic , but today it is known that absinthe does not cause hallucinations , especially ones similar to those described in 19th century studies .
Like Everclear and Absinthe is banned in lots of countrys .
Vodka
Vodka comes from Easter Europe ( Russia , Poland , Ukraine ) .
Usually has an alcohol content of 35 % to 50 % by volume .
Name Vodka comes from the Russian “ voda ” ( eng. water ) .
Its also know as “ Russian national drink ” .
Its popularity elsewhere owes much to its usefulness in cocktails and other mixed drinks , such as the Bloody Mary , the Screwdriver , the vodka tonic , vodka martini , and most recently vodka red bull .
Whiskey
Whiskeys do not mature in the bottle , only in the cask , so the “ age ” of a whisky is the time between distillation and bottling .
Standard percent of alcohol is 40 % ( Jack Daniels ) .
Some of the higher end stuff is cask strength .
Knob Creek is 50 % , and Booker ’s is around 62 % .
Gin
Gin usually contains 40 % of alcohol , but some like Tanqueray are 48.5 % .
As other hard liquors is mixed into cocktails with sweeter ingredients like tonic water or vermouth to balance this dryness .
Rum
Usually 35 % percent of alcohol .
Its a distilled beverage made from sugarcane by - products such as molasses and sugarcane juice by a process of fermentation and distillation .
The distillate , a clear liquid , is then usually aged in oak and other barrels .
By David Willey
BBC News , Rome
The Vatican says there are too many laws in Italian civil and criminal codes The Vatican City State , the world 's smallest sovereign state , has decided to divorce itself from Italian law .
Vatican legal experts say there are too many laws in Italian civil and criminal codes , and that they frequently conflict with Church principles .
With effect from New Year 's Day , the Pope has decided that the Vatican will no longer automatically adopt laws passed by the Italian parliament .
All Italian laws will be examined one by one before they are adopted .
Under the Lateran treaties signed exactly 80 years ago between Italy and the Pope , and the Italian Parliamentary system , Italian laws were applied automatically .
Government confession A senior Vatican Canon lawyer , Monsignor Jose Maria Serrano Ruiz , has gone on record as saying that Italian laws are too many , too unstable and too often conflict with the moral teachings of the Catholic Church .
The reaction from the Italian government has been that from a technical point of view , the Vatican may well be right .
All Italian laws will now be examined one by one before they are adopted An Italian government minister admitted Italian laws are often badly written and are sometimes difficult to understand .
An Italian parliamentary commission is at present working out how to delete tens of thousands of obsolete laws from Italy 's civil code .
The Vatican has also decided to scrutinise international treaties before deciding whether or not to adhere to them .
It has recently refused to approve a United Nations declaration decriminalising homosexuality .
The wording went too far , Vatican officials said , in placing different sexual orientations on the same level .
Some legal observers believe that the Vatican is simply trying to assert its legal independence in cases involving for example , civil unions , divorce , living wills , or euthanasia .
If Italy were to legalise same sex marriages or euthanasia , for example , the Vatican would now be able to refuse to recognise that .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
This beautiful concept , inspired by the curves and tapering of the Macbook Air coupled with the touch 's back , is even better than the cool Macbook - inspired iPhone 4G we featured at the beginning of the month .
Advertisement
The thing that excites me most about these concepts , however , is not the aesthetic aspect of it .
It 's the the front camera and the fact that people seem to be excited about getting videoconferencing on the iPhone .
Specially about the idea of interacting with desktop videoconferencing software on both the PC and the Mac .
This is a must for the videochat feature to be really useful , and personally I think it 's one of the reasons it has n't been done by Apple before .
Advertisement
My hope is that they are working to make it crossplatform , either with Apple releasing iChat for the PC at one point or , ideally , working on the connection with existing PC videoconferencing software like MSN and Skype .
For sure , Jason and I can't wait to have cellphone videosex .
With other people , I mean .
[ Thanks Rodolphe Desmare for the art ]
It ’s no longer just libertarians making this claim , but now Newsweek magazine :
As the Obama administration presses the largest fiscal bill in American history , caps the salaries of executives at institutions receiving federal aid at $ 500,000 and introduces a new plan to rescue the banking industry , the unemployment rate is at its highest in 16 years .
The Dow has slumped to 1998 levels , and last year mortgage foreclosures rose 81 percent .
All of this is unfolding in an economy that can no longer be understood , even in passing , as the Great Society vs. the Gipper .
Whether we like it or not — or even whether many people have thought much about it or not — the numbers clearly suggest that we are headed in a more European direction .
A decade ago U.S. government spending was 34.3 percent of GDP , compared with 48.2 percent in the euro zone — a roughly 14 - point gap , according to the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development .
In 2010 U.S. spending is expected to be 39.9 percent of GDP , compared with 47.1 percent in the euro zone — a gap of less than 8 points .
As entitlement spending rises over the next decade , we will become even more French .
This is not to say that berets will be all the rage this spring , or that Obama has promised a croissant in every toaster oven .
But the simple fact of the matter is that the political conversation , which shifts from time to time , has shifted anew , and for the foreseeable future Americans will be more engaged with questions about how to manage a mixed economy than about whether we should have one .
Several years ago , I participated in a fund and awareness raiser in San Francisco for the Electronic Frontier Foundation 's chillingeffects.org , where I made a speech , and participated in a celebrity boxing grudge match with Barney the Dinosaur .
The whole thing was about fair use and parody rights , and it was the awesome .
It was held at DNA Lounge , with an after party that I was criticized for leaving early ( read : after three hours , rather than when the sun rose ) by morally outraged and holier - than - wil participants who could n't be bothered to find out : 1 ) how many totally spun people got up in my shit and completely freaked me out , ( the answer is one , but that was enough ) and 2 ) how many hours I 'd already been awake by the time I left a few minutes short of complete exhaustion ( the answer is close to twenty , including six hours of " I'm - Entertaining - People " time , which is like eight hours of regular time . )
Before I so rudely left the party , I got to hang out with lots of awesome NorCal folks ( thanks for the water , you guys -- I 'm running some out into the street right now , just for you ) , one of whom brought this rather . . . unique . . . sweater , which I was asked to wear .
I 've been in the public eye long enough to know that doing things like wearing an incredibly ugly sweater and posing for a photograph while wearing said sweater is bound to result in something Not Good , but the sweater was hilarious , and in the spirit of the evening ( not , I might add , in the spirit of lots of Guinness .
I was too tired to avail myself of the DNA 's fantastic bar that night ) , I went ahead and posed for the picture you are now trying so hard to get out of your brains .
About once a year , this photo ( which was taken by my friend loren , who never gets credit for it , you bastards ) surfaces , and makes a brief run around The Internets , where it is the subject of much speculation by random people are are just positive they know what they are talking about , like " Well no wonder his career bombed . "
Oh !
Burn !
I am so nailed by your clever insight !
Someday , I hope to achieve whatever it is you 've achieved , Anonymous Internet Genius !
Allow me to retort , in a vernacular you may understand .
" Your leik so right !
I am a such a looser ! "
If anyone is still reading , and is interested in knowing exactly what the ugliest sweater in the world ( sorry , Mr. Cosby , but it 's true , and you lost ) is all about , take a look at the Clown Sweater Project 's page at Internet Archive , where we learn that
" I found this sweater at the Salvation Army thrift store on Valencia Street in San Francisco a few years ago .
It cost me $ 3.75 .
It has proved to be a good investment . "
There is also a page featuring photos of all the hapless souls who have had their careers ruined by the Curse of the Clown Sweater in one place , which takes about a year to load on my cable modem , or fifteen years if you 're on dial - up .
If you 'd like to find out what happened to that once - promising co-worker of yours , but you do n't have one to fifteen years to invest , try this page which breaks up the collection into slightly more managable chunks .
Unfortunately , archive.org stops at the first page , so if you 're manic about looking at all the pictures , you 'll have to go to the page with all the photos .
See you in ten to fifteen years .
( If I may offer a bit of advice : spending one to fifteen years waiting for photos to load on The Internets may cause your career to bomb almost as fast as posing for one picture while wearing an ugly sweater .
But do whatever you want , man .
I 'm not the boss of you . )
Whenever something like this hits a new unique online community ( in this case , people who like to knit ) , a bunch of new readers will show up to see what all the fuss is about , with their preconceptions of me locked - and - loaded .
If you 're one of those people , I 'd like to welcome you to my bit of madness on the intarweb , and encourage you to read some archives before you send me e-mail about what a huge idiot I am for [ your reason , which you 've formulated in the span of fifteen seconds based on a quick skimming of one or two pages of my blog goes here ] .
Now , before you decide that I hate knitters , I should point out that my wife does Stitch - n - Bitch from time to time , making totally awesome hats for cancer patients , which totally rules .
I do , however , really hate the Oakland Raiders , Toronto Maple Leafs , people who lie , dishonorable people , milk , neo-cons , paying too much for parking anywhere , and this pain in my right hip that just wo n't go away .
Welcome to WIL WHEATON dot NET : in Exile .
Enjoy your stay , and look out for the snark .
It runs wild around here .
A new word emerged from the carnage in Gaza this week : " scholasticide " – the systematic destruction by Israeli forces of centres of education dear to Palestinian society , as the ministry of education was bombed , the infrastructure of teaching destroyed , and schools across the Gaza strip targeted for attack by the air , sea and ground offensives .
" Learn , baby , learn " was a slogan of the black rights movement in America 's ghettoes a generation ago , but it also epitomises the idea of education as the central pillar of Palestinian identity – a traditional premium on schooling steeled by occupation , and something the Israelis " cannot abide … and seek to destroy " , according to Dr Karma Nabulsi , who teaches politics at St Edmund Hall , Oxford .
" We knew before , and see more clearly now than ever , that Israel is seeking to annihilate an educated Palestine , " she says .
The Palestinians are among the most thoroughly educated people in the world .
For decades , Palestinian society – both at home in the West Bank and Gaza , and scattered in the diaspora – has put a singular emphasis on learning .
After the expulsions of 1948 and after the 1967 occupation , waves of refugees created an influential Palestinian intelligentsia and a marked presence in the disciplines of medicine and engineering across the Arab world , Europe and the Americas .
" Education is the most important thing – it is part of the family life , part of your identity and part of the rebellion , " says Nabulsi .
" Everyone knows this , and in a refugee camp like Gaza , every child knows that in those same schooldesks sat your parents and your grandparents , whose tradition they carry on . "
Schooling and university studies are the fabric of life despite , not because of , circumstances : every university in the occupied territories has been closed down at some point by Israeli forces , many of them regularly .
However , the closures and arrests of students ( more than 300 at Birzeit university in Ramallah , says Nabulsi ) only strengthens the desire to become educated .
In the current offensive , Israel began attacking Gaza 's educational institutions immediately .
On only the second and third day of air attacks last week , Israeli planes wreaked severe damage in direct strikes on Gaza 's Islamic University .
The main buildings were devastated , destroying administrative records , and , of course , ending studies .
The Ministry of Education has been hit twice by direct hits from the air .
The Saturday of the ground invasion was the day on which most students in Gaza sit their end - of - year examinations .
In the majority of cases , these had to be abandoned , and it remains unclear whether they can or will be sat again .
Other schools were also attacked – most notoriously the UN establishment in the Jabaliya refugee camp where at least 40 people were massacred on Tuesday .
On Sunday , another Israeli air strike destroyed the pinnacle of Palestinian schooling , the elite and private American International School , to which the children of business and other leaders went , among them Fulbright scholars unable to take up their places in the United States because of the Israeli blockade .
Ironically , the same school was attacked last year by a group called the Holy Jihad Brigades , and has been repeatedly vandalised for its association with western - style education .
The school was founded in 2000 to offer a " progressive " ( and fully co-educational ) American - style curriculum , taught in English , from kindergarten to sixth form , and was said by the Israelis to have been the site , or near the site , from which a rocket was fired .
A night watchman was killed in the destruction of the building .
The chairman of its board of trustees , Iyad Saraj , says : " This is the most distinguished and advanced school in Gaza , if not in Gaza and the West Bank .
I cannot swear there was no rocket fired , but if there was , you do n't destroy a whole school . "
He adds : " This is the destruction of civilisation . "
The school has no connection to the US government , Saraj says , and many of the 250 who graduate from it each year go on to US universities .
" They are very good , highly educated open - minded students who can really be future leaders of Palestine . "
Young Palestinians playing in Daniel Barenboim 's celebrated East - West Divan Orchestra – which this week again brings Palestinian and Israeli musicians together to play a prestigious concert in Vienna – say that music schools in their communities and refugee camps are " not just educating young people , but helping them understand their identity " , as Nabeel Abboud Ashkar , a violinist based in Nazareth , puts it , adding : " And the Israelis are not necessarily happy with that . "
Ramzi Aburedwan , who runs the Al - Kamandjati classical music school in Ramallah , argues : " What the Israelis are doing is killing the lives of the people .
Bring music , and you bring life .
The children who played here were suddenly interested in their future " .
In a recent lecture , Nabulsi at St Edmund Hall recalled the tradition of learning in Palestinian history , and the recurrent character of the teacher as an icon in Palestinian literature .
" The role and power of education in an occupied society is enormous .
Education posits possibilities , opens horizons .
Freedom of thought contrasts sharply with the apartheid wall , the shackling checkpoints , the choking prisons , " she said .
This week , following the bombing of schools in Gaza , she says : " The systematic destruction of Palestinian education by Israel has countered that tradition since the occupation of 1967 , " citing " the calculated , wholesale looting of the Palestinian Research Centre in Beirut during the 1982 war and the destruction of all those manuscripts and archived history . "
" Now in Gaza , " she says , " we see the policy more clearly than ever – this ' scholasticide ' .
The Israelis know nothing about who we really are , while we study and study them .
But deep down they know how important education is to the Palestinian tradition and the Palestinian revolution .
They can not abide it and have to destroy it . "
Health information for your dog or just slick marketing ?
My veterinarian 's exam room is gray and white , all functional , cleanable surfaces with framed diplomas on the walls .
The only splash of color is the rack of bright pamphlets near the room 's one chair .
They 're usually about flea prevention or microchipping , and at one time or another I 've read them all .
But on a recent visit , I saw one I 'd never seen before .
The three - page booklet was about something called " Canine Enteritis Complex , " and it was published by a drug company .
I was puzzled , because even though I 've been writing about animal health since 1991 and pride myself on keeping up on canine health issues , I had no clue what this dread new disease was .
" Many disease agents , " the pamphlet informed me , " can cause Canine Enteritis Complex , a potentially deadly inflammation of the small intestine .
Some common enteritis - causing pathogens in dogs are parvovirus , coronavirus , and giardia lamblia , a microscopic protozoan that can severely damage the lining of the small intestine . "
The pamphlet went on : " These pathogens are highly contagious and can be spread between dogs . "
What 's more , it continued , " A published study showed a dual infection with parvo and corona was fatal in 90 percent of cases . "
They also added that " Pre-existing Giardia infection can make disease from parvovirus more severe . "
After the obligatory advice to ask your veterinarian " about a vaccination program that includes protection against enteritis - causing pathogens such as parvovirus , coronavirus , and Giardia , " there were some footnotes .
I assumed that for this newly discovered trifecta of canine intestinal doom we'd have some pretty cutting - edge science backing up their claims .
Well , actually no .
Those footnotes cited one 19 - year - old study , and another that is 25 years old .
In fact , it turns out the diseases are old , the citations are old , even the vaccines being promoted are old .
The only thing new is the marketing campaign , which aims to convince you to protect your dog " from Canine Enteritis Complex by vaccinating routinely against parvo , corona , and Giardia . "
The problem is that this marketing campaign is misleading .
Canine parvo is indeed deadly , and can cause fatal diarrhea in dogs , mostly puppies .
But the vaccine that protects dogs against parvo is one of the great success stories of vaccine development , and dogs who are immunized as puppies nearly always remain immune to the virus for years , probably their lifetime .
Certainly co-infections with any other disease agents will make parvo even more dangerous , including coronavirus and giardia .
But if you 've already protected your dog from parvo , how dangerous are the other diseases by themselves ?
If you 've never heard of canine coronavirus , there 's a reason for that .
Except in very young puppies -- too young to be vaccinated -- coronavirus does not cause clinical disease in dogs .
Researchers cannot even induce disease with it in the laboratory .
Many , perhaps most , dogs have coronavirus in their intestine all their lives .
Texas A&M University 's " Vaccine Protocols and Schedule " tells us , " ( T ) here are no studies that show that use of the vaccine reduces morbidity or mortality , " which may be why this one is so often called a " vaccine in search of a disease . "
If you live in California or spend any time hiking in the wilderness , you 're probably already aware of giardia , a pesky protozoan parasite .
It lives in our waterways and causes cramping diarrhea in humans as well as dogs .
It can be cultured out of the stool of many healthy dogs in the state - in some areas , the majority of dogs - and is normally held to very low numbers by the dog's immune system and causes no symptoms .
When a dog is sick , stressed , or immune - compromised , however , the organisms can have a population explosion and cause diarrhea , which is treated with the drugs fenbendazole or metronidazole .
Even though giardiasis is treatable , it makes sense we'd want a vaccine to prevent it .
However , although this may seem counterintuitive , not all vaccines prevent infection , and this is one of them .
The giardia vaccine is not labeled to prevent giardia infection , and does n't claim to do so .
The 2006 American Animal Hospital Association Vaccination Guidelines lists the giardia vaccine in the " not recommended " category , and one study showed " there was no significant difference between the ( vaccinated and unvaccinated ) groups . "
You might wonder what the vaccine is for , then .
It 's intended to be used as part of a total treatment plan for dogs who have giardiasis .
The dog can still get sick , and you still have to treat it with the same drugs as in an unvaccinated dog .
The vaccine does cause fewer cysts to be shed in the stool of sick dogs , so it 's sometimes recommended for use in crowded facilities like kennels and shelters to reduce the infectivity of the disease to other dogs .
So , let me recap : Canine parvovirus is a common and deadly disease that is easily prevented with standard puppy immunizations , after which time the dog is immune for many years , most likely a lifetime .
Canine coronavirus does n't cause disease except in puppies too young to be vaccinated at all , and possibly in dogs who also have the preventable parvovirus .
Giardiasis is a relatively mild , treatable disease that could be triggered if a dog is sick with canine parvovirus , but the vaccine does n't claim to prevent the infection , just help treat it .
In short , this recommendation relies on the deadliness of canine parvovirus to justify recommending dogs receive these three vaccines annually .
But if your dog is already immune to parvo , is there any benefit to re-vaccinating him every year for that disease , with or without the other vaccines ?
Research suggests there is not , and certainly not annually .
If canine coronavirus is a vaccine in search of a disease , " Canine Enteritis Complex " is a marketing campaign in search of a market .
Because given the facts , you have to ask yourself :
Was this regimen designed to treat and prevent canine disease , or treat and prevent a diminished bottom line for the vaccine manufacturer ?
I do n't need to ask my veterinarian to know the answer to that .
Christie Keith is a contributing editor for Universal Press Syndicate 's Pet Connection and past director of the Pet Care Forum on America Online .
She lives in San Francisco .
Whistleblower : NSA even collected credit card records David Edwards and Stephen C. Webster
Published : Thursday January 22 , 2009
Print This Email This Ex-analyst believes program actually the remnants of ' Total Information Awareness , ' shut down by Congress in 2003
On Wednesday night , when former NSA analyst Russell Tice told MSNBC's Keith Olbermann that the Bush administration 's National Security Agency spied on everyone in the United States , specifically targeting journalists , the Countdown host was so flabbergasted that Tice was invited back for a second interview .
On Thursday , he returned to the airwaves with expanded allegations against the NSA , claiming the agency collected Americans ' credit card records , and adding that he believes the massive , warrantless data vacuum to be the remnants of the Total Information Awareness program , shut down by Congress in 2003 .
Asked for comment by Olbermann 's staff , the agency responded , " NSA considers the constitutional rights of US citizens to be sacrosanct .
The intelligence community faces immense challenges in protecting our nation .
No matter the challenges , NSA remains dedicated to performing its mission under the rule of law . "
Olbermann ran the quote under a banner which read , " Non-denial denial . "
" As far as the wiretap information that made it though NSA , there was also data - mining that was involved , " Tice told Olbermann during the pair 's second interview .
" At some point , information from credit card records and financial transactions was married in with that information . "
At this point on the audio track , Olbermann can be heard taking a deep breath .
" So , lucky American citizens , tens of thousands of whom are now on digital databases at NSA , who have no idea of this , also have that information included in those digital files that have been warehoused , " said Tice .
" ... Do you have any idea what all this stuff was used for ? " asked the stunned host .
" The obvious explanation would be , if you did have a potential terrorist , you 'd want to know where they 're spending money , whether they purchased an airline ticket , that sort of thing , " said Tice .
" But , once again , we 're talking about tens of thousands of innocent US citizens that have been caught up into this trap .
They have no clue .
" This thing could sit there for 10 years , then all the sudden it marries up with something else and 10 years from now and they get put on a no - fly list and they of course wo n't have a clue why . "
Tice added that " in most cases , " spied - upon Americans did n't have to do anything suspicious in order to trigger the surveillance .
" This is garnered from algorithms that have been put together to try to just dream up scenarios that might be information that is associated with how a terrorist could operate , " he said .
Ultimately , the technical explanation boils down to this : " If someone just talked about the daily news and mentioned something about the Middle East , they could easily be brought to the forefront of having that little flag put by their name that says potential terrorist , " said Tice .
" Do you know , or do you have an educated guess , as to who authorized this ?
Who developed this ? " asked Olbermann .
" I have a guess , where it was developed , " he replied .
" I think it was probably developed out of the Department of Defense , and this is probably the remnants of Total Information Awareness , that came out of DARPA .
That 's my guess , I do n't know that for sure . "
Olbermann then asked if Tice knows who had access to the data .
" I started looking into this , and that 's when ultimately they came after me to fire me , " said Tice .
" They must have realized that I 'd stumbled onto something , and after that point I of course had no ability to find anything else out . "
Tice concluded that he does not know if the program , as he understands it , continues to this day , and he refused to specifically state which media organizations the Bush administration 's NSA had targeted for surveillance .
This video is from MSNBC's Countdown , broadcast Jan. 22 , 2009 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
Further reading :
Sen . Rockefeller ' ready to believe ' he was spied on
Whistleblower : NSA spied on everyone , targeted journalists
The long - held assumption that US assets - particularly government bonds - are a safe haven will soon be overturned as investors lose their patience with the world 's biggest economy , according to Willem Buiter .
Professor Buiter , a former Monetary Policy Committee member who is now at the London School of Economics , said this increasing disenchantment would result in an exodus of foreign cash from the US .
The warning comes despite the dollar having strengthened significantly against other major currencies , including sterling and the euro , after hitting historic lows last year .
It will reignite fears about the currency 's prospects , as well as sparking fears about the sustainability of President - Elect Barack Obama 's mooted plans for a Keynesian - style increase in public spending to pull the US out of recession .
Writing on his blog , Prof Buiter said : " There will , before long ( my best guess is between two and five years from now ) be a global dumping of US dollar assets , including US government assets .
Old habits die hard .
The US dollar and US Treasury bills and bonds are still viewed as a safe haven by many .
But learning takes place . "
He said that the dollar had been kept elevated in recent years by what some called " dark matter " or " American alpha " - an assumption that the US could earn more on its overseas investments than foreign investors could make on their American assets .
However , this notion had been gradually dismantled in recent years , before being dealt a fatal blow by the current financial crisis , he said .
" The past eight years of imperial overstretch , hubris and domestic and international abuse of power on the part of the Bush administration has left the US materially weakened financially , economically , politically and morally , " he said .
" Even the most hard - nosed , Guantanamo Bay - indifferent potential foreign investor in the US must recognise that its financial system has collapsed . "
He said investors would , rightly , suspect that the US would have to generate major inflation to whittle away its debt and this dollar collapse means that the US has less leeway for major spending plans than politicians realise .
As it happened : Bankers grilled Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
By Brian Wheeler
1320 So that 's it - the session has come to an end .
Thanks for your hundreds of emails .
The bankers survived what was a more gentle grilling than they might have feared .
Committee chairman John McFall said the session was unlikely to calm the public 's anger with them , but thanked them for appearing .
They apologised for what had happened to their banks , but did not say they were to blame for it .
Their failing , it appears , was not predicting the global collapse in wholesale lending markets .
They denied they behaved recklessly .
They also rejected claims they were too lightly regulated .
They rebuffed suggestions they had ignored warnings of imminent doom .
The attention turns tomorrow to the new faces leading Britain 's banks , as the same committee of MPs continues its inquiry into what could be - or not - the worst economic crisis in over 100 years .
So that 's it - the session has come to an end .
Thanks for your hundreds of emails .
The bankers survived what was a more gentle grilling than they might have feared .
Committee chairman John McFall said the session was unlikely to calm the public 's anger with them , but thanked them for appearing .
They apologised for what had happened to their banks , but did not say they were to blame for it .
Their failing , it appears , was not predicting the global collapse in wholesale lending markets .
They denied they behaved recklessly .
They also rejected claims they were too lightly regulated .
They rebuffed suggestions they had ignored warnings of imminent doom .
The attention turns tomorrow to the new faces leading Britain 's banks , as the same committee of MPs continues its inquiry into what could be - or not - the worst economic crisis in over 100 years .
1309 Lord Stevenson clashes with John McFall , who acuses him of blaming the financial crisis on the government after the former HBOS chairman says the main lesson from the crisis is that central banks and governments must react .
Andy Hornby says banks should put more capital away in the good times for when things turn bad .
1303 " Hopefully following this , the banks might be led by people who understand the role of modern banking in society , rather than running supermarkets . "
Charles Robinson , Newcastle " Hopefully following this , the banks might be led by people who understand the role of modern banking in society , rather than running supermarkets . "
1302 Proceedings are approaching an end now .
Sir Fred Goodwin is being pressed about his record .
He says " it 's too simple just to blame it all on me " .
1301 " So after two hours of questioning and all we have are four men going ' not our fault ' .
Is there anyone or anything who could ever make these men understand the mistakes they 've made and how many lives their greed has affected ? "
Amanda , West Hampstead
" So after two hours of questioning and all we have are four men going ' not our fault ' .
Is there anyone or anything who could ever make these men understand the mistakes they 've made and how many lives their greed has affected ? "
1300 Did the bankers actually understand the complicated financial instruments they were dealing in and which got the system into so much trouble ?
They all say they did - except Sir Tom McKillop , the former chairman of RBS , who says he did not fully understand them .
1259 Sir Fred Goodwin insists he knew what was in the " sliced and diced " parcels of sub - prime debt it was dealing with - buying and selling it on .
1254 The 39 - year - old " whizzkid " Andy Hornby has come in for a bit of flak over his apparent lack of banking experience .
His former chairman at HBOS , Lord Stevenson , insists Mr Hornby was hired for his leadership skills not his marketing experience .
1253 " Just like Andy Hornby , I too would be extremely sorry if I was being paid £ 60,000 a month to offer advice "
Tony , UK " Just like Andy Hornby , I too would be extremely sorry if I was being paid £ 60,000 a month to offer advice " 1252 Sir Fred is accused of being " in denial " by John Mann who says the culture he created at RBS was to live for the good times and ignore criticism .
Sir Fred denies this and insists he " led the bank in a responsible fashion " and did not deliberately ignore problems .
1251 " Andy Hornby is the only one to appear abashed .
The other three gentlemen appear quite unrepentant . "
Gaby , Bridport 1250
The ABN Amro deal was a " bad decision " and was a major factor in the collapse in confidence , and then in December 2008 the share price , of RBS which led to it going cap - in - hand to the taxpayer for a bail - out , admits then chief executive Sir Fred Goodwin .
If he had known then what he knows now he would not have done the deal .
But he bridles at the suggestion he had fallen in love with his own image as the take - over king , following the successful takeover of NatWest at the start of his tenure as chief executive of Royal Bank of Scotland .
He genuinely thought the ABN Amro deal was a " good thing to do " .
The ABN Amro deal was a " bad decision " and was a major factor in the collapse in confidence , and then in December 2008 the share price , of RBS which led to it going cap - in - hand to the taxpayer for a bail - out , admits then chief executive Sir Fred Goodwin .
If he had known then what he knows now he would not have done the deal .
But he bridles at the suggestion he had fallen in love with his own image as the take - over king , following the successful takeover of NatWest at the start of his tenure as chief executive of Royal Bank of Scotland .
He genuinely thought the ABN Amro deal was a " good thing to do " .
1249
The ex-bankers are asked if they got too full of themselves .
Sir Fred is asked about his placing at the top of a Scottish power list while Andy Hornby is asked about his reputation as a young " whizzkid " .
CPS : EVENT > 1245 " Is Sir Fred serious ?
He says his bank was sound and doing good business the day after Lehmans collapsed and he still appears to believe it ! "
Rob , Birmingham " Is Sir Fred serious ?
He says his bank was sound and doing good business the day after Lehmans collapsed and he still appears to believe it ! "
1244 Sir Tom McKillop is asked whether he has taken legal advice on criminal negligence .
He has not .
1243 The collapse of Lehman Brothers in September 2008 was the trigger .
They all seem to agree on that .
Until then everything was just about manageable .
On the day Lehman 's collapsed RBS put out a note to staff saying it was in a good financial position in its businesses across 50 countries .
Then chief executive Sir Fred Goodwin insists that was true at the time .
He also attempts to calm fears that British taxpayers ' money will be pumped into RBS investments in car finance firms in the US .
1238 " I am amazed that these bankers do n't seem to have any insight into the impact their mismanagement has caused on ordinary people 's lives .
If I made a mistake in my profession , even if inadvertent , I would be struck off . "
Raj , Crewe " I am amazed that these bankers do n't seem to have any insight into the impact their mismanagement has caused on ordinary people 's lives .
If I made a mistake in my profession , even if inadvertent , I would be struck off . "
1234 It was not until March 2008 , after the collapse of Bear Stearns , that the scale of the crisis became fully apparent to then RBS chief Sir Fred Goodwin .
Until then , it looked as if the problems would be confined to those banks which had made sub - prime loans directly to US homebuyers , which RBS had not done , says Sir Fred .
1229 A Tangled Web blog : " Amid the furore over bankers ' bonuses , these bankers will seek to point out that they have personally been " punished for failure " , losing millions of pounds because of the meltdown in their banks ' share prices .
These four should apologise to their shareholders for their abysmal decision - making and they should explain why they were asleep at the wheel . "
" Amid the furore over bankers ' bonuses , these bankers will seek to point out that they have personally been " punished for failure " , losing millions of pounds because of the meltdown in their banks ' share prices .
These four should apologise to their shareholders for their abysmal decision - making and they should explain why they were asleep at the wheel . "
1225 So it 's now on the record .
Britain 's biggest mortgage lender did not see the property price collapse coming .
The former chairman of HBOS , Lord Stevenson says it should not have lent as much money to homebuyers as it did .
" It is quite clear , with the wisdom of hindsight , that we were over - exposed that we lent too much at the wrong part of the cycle , " he says .
So it 's now on the record .
Britain 's biggest mortgage lender did not see the property price collapse coming .
The former chairman of HBOS , Lord Stevenson says it should not have lent as much money to homebuyers as it did .
" It is quite clear , with the wisdom of hindsight , that we were over - exposed that we lent too much at the wrong part of the cycle , " he says .
1220 Perhaps surprisingly , HBOS is not against short - selling .
This process allows traders to profit from falling share prices .
Their stance comes despite apparently being victims of it when incorrect rumours were circulated in the market , Lord Stevenson says .
The former HBOS chairman says the bank is " agnostic " about short selling , which was briefly banned in the wake of the government 's 2008 bail - out .
1216 The bankers are being grilled on their relationship with regulator Financial Services Authority , which has been accused of being " asleep at the wheel " in the run up to the crisis .
The relationship with the FSA was " close and continuous " say the former HBOS and RBS men .
Ex -HBOS chief Andy Hornby denies it was a " comfortable " relationship and says there was a " good and fair degree of challenge " .
The bankers are being grilled on their relationship with regulator Financial Services Authority , which has been accused of being " asleep at the wheel " in the run up to the crisis .
The relationship with the FSA was " close and continuous " say the former HBOS and RBS men .
Ex -HBOS chief Andy Hornby denies it was a " comfortable " relationship and says there was a " good and fair degree of challenge " .
1215 " These bankers seem to be telling us that they were all well qualified , behaved well and followed good risk advice , will someone please ask them who they blame for the banking crisis ? "
Richard Tweed , Croydon " These bankers seem to be telling us that they were all well qualified , behaved well and followed good risk advice , will someone please ask them who they blame for the banking crisis ? "
1214 " Almost two hours of questions on their individual qualifications and suitability for their roles , but hardly anything on how to actually stop the bonus - driven risk - taking . "
Robin , Cambridge " Almost two hours of questions on their individual qualifications and suitability for their roles , but hardly anything on how to actually stop the bonus - driven risk - taking . "
1212 What about the big institutional shareholders ?
Did they not express any concerns about the banks ' behaviour in the run up to the downturn ?
Sir Tom McKillop , ex-chairman of what was the world 's fifth biggest bank , RBS , says that during the good times they were not expressing concerns at all , apart from pushing for more borrowing and greater returns .
Concerns only began to surface in late 2007 , as the crisis began to kick in .
What about the big institutional shareholders ?
Did they not express any concerns about the banks ' behaviour in the run up to the downturn ?
Sir Tom McKillop , ex-chairman of what was the world 's fifth biggest bank , RBS , says that during the good times they were not expressing concerns at all , apart from pushing for more borrowing and greater returns .
Concerns only began to surface in late 2007 , as the crisis began to kick in .
1208 More questions on whether non-executive directors , who are usually part - timers , are up to the job of overseeing the behaviour of " swashbuckling executive types " , to use John Thurso 's phrase .
The bankers defend their own recruitment policies when it comes to non-execs .
1207 " Andy Hornby just said , smoothly , that there was over 100 years of high quality banking experience on the board , including risk assessment and risk management .
The outcome does n't sound like high quality banking experience and risk management to me ! "
Trevor Habeshaw , Bristol " Andy Hornby just said , smoothly , that there was over 100 years of high quality banking experience on the board , including risk assessment and risk management .
The outcome does n't sound like high quality banking experience and risk management to me ! "
1206 Committee chaiman John McFall asks whether banks have just become too complex .
Sir Tom McKillop says securitisation , the parcelling up and selling on of debt , was meant to increase stability .
Imagine everyone 's surprise when it turned out to have the exact opposite effect !
" We had no idea of how quickly it could all turn down , " says Sir Tom .
Ouch .
1204 " Sorry does not go far enough .
It 's time to dress these guys down properly and remove their titles .
No one should retain the title for " Services to Banking " after the performance in 2008 . "
Trevor , London " Sorry does not go far enough .
It 's time to dress these guys down properly and remove their titles .
No one should retain the title for " Services to Banking " after the performance in 2008 . "
1203 " I have been watching this for a while now , and I still have no idea what the committee is trying to achieve . "
Steve , Redditch " I have been watching this for a while now , and I still have no idea what the committee is trying to achieve . "
1200 More than an hour in and we get the first mention of Dad's Army .
" Can we get back to Captain Manwering running banks ? " says Lib Dem MP John Thurso .
Former RBS chairman Tom McKillop agrees with the sentiment .
It makes more sense than Corporal " do n't panic ! " Jones I suppose ...
1154 " Why are MPs not concentrating on what should be done to ensure that the culture that created excessive risk taking and exposed the sector to such an unprecedented catastrophe never rears its ugly head again > "
James Poxon , Oxfordshire " Why are MPs not concentrating on what should be done to ensure that the culture that created excessive risk taking and exposed the sector to such an unprecedented catastrophe never rears its ugly head again > "
1154 " Sounds to me like these bankers are attempting to pass the buck to the FSA and that they 're not prepared to stand up and admit that with all their years of experience , they got it wrong . "
Crispin Mckenzie , Teddington " Sounds to me like these bankers are attempting to pass the buck to the FSA and that they 're not prepared to stand up and admit that with all their years of experience , they got it wrong . "
1152 How did the non-executive directors , which are meant to keep an eye on the behaviour of executives , allow all this to happen ?
Lord Stevenson says risk was discussed all the time at HBOS board meetings .
The bank 's only failing , he says once again , was that they failed to see the market collapse coming .
Perhaps there needed to be improvements in " stress testing " which is meant to identify potential weaknesses in the bank 's business , he suggests .
1148 " I 've been listening to the former heads of the banks and I am astounded .
The incongruous answers that they 're giving proves that these are men have no idea what they were doing .
Either that , or they knew what they were up to and were simply greedy . "
Robert , Leicester " I 've been listening to the former heads of the banks and I am astounded .
The incongruous answers that they 're giving proves that these are men have no idea what they were doing .
Either that , or they knew what they were up to and were simply greedy . "
1145 " These guys are being evasive , you can see it in their body language .
Also , when is Andy Hornby going to stop referring to things happening before he was chief exec ?
He was on the Board for many years before that . "
Rob Davies , Leeds
" These guys are being evasive , you can see it in their body language .
Also , when is Andy Hornby going to stop referring to things happening before he was chief exec ?
He was on the Board for many years before that . "
1140 Lord Stevenson says HBOS ( Halifax / Bank of Scotland ) was cleared of excessive risk taking by the Financial Services Authority .
He denies claims the bank's then chief prevented warnings about risk taking which were raised at a board meeting from being put on the record in the minutes .
Lord Stevenson says HBOS ( Halifax / Bank of Scotland ) was cleared of excessive risk taking by the Financial Services Authority .
He denies claims the bank's then chief prevented warnings about risk taking which were raised at a board meeting from being put on the record in the minutes .
1138 " The questions are too timid and the bankers really have n't been put under pressure .
I wonder if they'd be willing to give half of their salaries and bonuses from last year back to go into a fund to help those hit most by losing their jobs . "
Fran Mulhern , London
" The questions are too timid and the bankers really have n't been put under pressure .
I wonder if they'd be willing to give half of their salaries and bonuses from last year back to go into a fund to help those hit most by losing their jobs . "
1137 Meanwhile , back in the committee room the grilling is livening up .
" You 're all in bloody denial , " cries Labour MP George Mudie .
The former HBOS executives are getting a dressing down from the MP who accuses them of gambling recklessly with depositors ' money .
He quotes HBOS 's former head of group risk , who apparently was fired by the bank after repeatedly warning bosses they were taking excessive risks .
Lord Stevenson , ex HBOS chairman , denies being in denial .
But he admits the company 's " stress - testing " systems had not worked .
Meanwhile , back in the committee room the grilling is livening up .
" You 're all in bloody denial , " cries Labour MP George Mudie .
The former HBOS executives are getting a dressing down from the MP who accuses them of gambling recklessly with depositors ' money .
He quotes HBOS 's former head of group risk , who apparently was fired by the bank after repeatedly warning bosses they were taking excessive risks .
Lord Stevenson , ex HBOS chairman , denies being in denial .
But he admits the company 's " stress - testing " systems had not worked .
1135 London 's Evening Standard newspaper has just arrived on my desk .
The front page headline is big and bold saying : " We 're profoundly sorry say bankers blamed for crash " .
( The unrelated front page picture is of a smiling Sarah Brown who was apparently a " surprise guest at the Elle awards in Holloway " ) 1127 Lord Stevenson is coming under pressure now .
He insists that there was not an excessive " sales culture " at HBOS or that it took unacceptable risks , as has been alleged by a former staff member .
Lord Stevenson blames the bank 's problems on its failure to predict the collapse of wholesale banking markets .
That was the " fundamental mistake " that the bank is apologising for today , not its alleged recklessness , he tells the MPs .
Lord Stevenson is coming under pressure now .
He insists that there was not an excessive " sales culture " at HBOS or that it took unacceptable risks , as has been alleged by a former staff member .
Lord Stevenson blames the bank 's problems on its failure to predict the collapse of wholesale banking markets .
That was the " fundamental mistake " that the bank is apologising for today , not its alleged recklessness , he tells the MPs .
1124 " As a long - term NatWest customer and share - holder I 'm as angry as anyone at what has happened , but I find this show - trial highly distasteful .
Many of the MPs seem less concerned with finding out the truth than with making political points . "
Jonathan Riley - Smith , Cambridge " As a long - term NatWest customer and share - holder I 'm as angry as anyone at what has happened , but I find this show - trial highly distasteful .
Many of the MPs seem less concerned with finding out the truth than with making political points . "
1121 Andy Hornby looks more nervous than the rest of them .
He insists he listened to warning voices .
He is asked about a quote from a former HBOS risk specialist who claims he was subject to " threatening behaviour " when he raised concerns with top executives .
Mr Hornby says he does not recognise that version of events .
Lord Stevenson denies concerns that the bank was " going too fast " were not recorded in board meeting minutes .
1119 " Sir Fred seems to be moving from defence to attack .
He will protect his back all the way down this slippy slope . "
Dave Harle , Doncaster " Sir Fred seems to be moving from defence to attack .
He will protect his back all the way down this slippy slope . "
1116 Andy Hornby is quizzed on whether , as a former retailer , he had enough experience to run a bank .
He says he had been on the HBOS board for seven years and he was surrounded by experienced colleagues .
1115 " We all enjoyed our interest free credit card deals , cheap credit for cars and easy mortgages .
These guys made it happen and it was unsustainable and we all need to take our share of blame . "
Phil Grimason , Dublin " We all enjoyed our interest free credit card deals , cheap credit for cars and easy mortgages .
These guys made it happen and it was unsustainable and we all need to take our share of blame . "
1113 Andy Hornby says the bank did take evasive action , such as reducing liquidilty , when he took over as HBOS chief executive , as he could see trouble coming .
But he admits that , like others , did not forsee the complete closure of wholesale banking markets .
And he wishes the bank had done more to prepare for the crisis .
1110 " I 'm beginning to wonder what the point of this questioning is ?
It appears that all the MPs are trying to do is make headlines out of the bankers rather than using it as an opportunity to seek useful answers that can help tackle the economic situation . "
James , Rugby " I 'm beginning to wonder what the point of this questioning is ?
It appears that all the MPs are trying to do is make headlines out of the bankers rather than using it as an opportunity to seek useful answers that can help tackle the economic situation . "
1109
The four men seem to be holding up well to the grilling .
They appear well within their comfort zones as they are quizzed about their credentials or qualifications to run a bank in the first place .
The wince - inducing mass apology at the start of the session is a fast - fading memory .
1105 Tory MP Sir Peter Viggers is grilling Sir Fred Goodwin about whether taxpayers ' money was invested in RBS with the appropriate safeguards and checks .
It was , insists the former RBS chief , but there was not time for the normal process of " due diligence " .
1104 " Maybe I 've missed it but I have yet to hear any questions that try to get to the heart of the matter of where we are today . "
Tim Purdon , Kilmarnock 1103 " Andy Hornby says he does n't feel ' personally culpable ' for what happened as he'd only recently taken over as chief executive when the storm hit .
So by rights he can't take any credit for the good stuff that happened before and therefore does n't deserve any bonus . "
Anonymous , Edinburgh " Andy Hornby says he does n't feel ' personally culpable ' for what happened as he'd only recently taken over as chief executive when the storm hit .
So by rights he can't take any credit for the good stuff that happened before and therefore does n't deserve any bonus . "
1101 " This is not a negotiation it is a drive - by shooting " .
That is what Sir Fred Goodwin , ex-RBS boss , is reported to have said about talks with the government on their bail - out plan .
The dapper Sir Fred , who is giving a very measured performance , tells MPs that was a private comment , but the deal was done very quickly and under a lot of pressure .
"
It was very clear to everyone that it had to happen there and then , " he adds .
Lord Stevenson , former chairman of HBOS who is given an equally calm and deliberate performance , says there was " not much negotiation " with the government .
" This is not a negotiation it is a drive - by shooting " .
That is what Sir Fred Goodwin , ex-RBS boss , is reported to have said about talks with the government on their bail - out plan .
The dapper Sir Fred , who is giving a very measured performance , tells MPs that was a private comment , but the deal was done very quickly and under a lot of pressure .
"
It was very clear to everyone that it had to happen there and then , " he adds .
Lord Stevenson , former chairman of HBOS who is given an equally calm and deliberate performance , says there was " not much negotiation " with the government .
1058 " John Mann 's questioning of Andy Hornby was gratuitous .
It had all the sophistication of a public flogging . "
Shane Wexford , Stoke - on - Trent " John Mann 's questioning of Andy Hornby was gratuitous .
It had all the sophistication of a public flogging . "
1057 John McFall asks Andy Hornby whether he was expressing sympathy because his PR advisers had told him to do so .
Mr Hornby repeats his apology and says the bank takes full responsibility .
1054 John Mann gets stuck into Sir Fred Goodwin , the ex-RBS chief , now .
He asks if Sir Fred has a moral compass .
Sir Fred again as he defends his integrity and repeats his apologies .
1053 " Some of this questioning is very childish .
How executives choose to invest their pensions and mistaken change of address forms are hardly constructive issues . "
Pete , Manchester " Some of this questioning is very childish .
How executives choose to invest their pensions and mistaken change of address forms are hardly constructive issues . "
1052 " These bankers seem to think that apologies will absolve them of blame - they do n't fully realise or care how their selfish actions have compromised the finances of the whole country . "
Jonathan Guy , Warwick
" These bankers seem to think that apologies will absolve them of blame - they do n't fully realise or care how their selfish actions have compromised the finances of the whole country . "
1050 Andy Hornby says he is still being paid £ 60,000 a month by HBOS but the arrangement will only last another three months .
Looking contrite , he insists he is not being rewarded for failure as he has lost money since the bank hit the buffers .
He says he invested all his bonuses in the bank 's shares .
Andy Hornby says he is still being paid £ 60,000 a month by HBOS but the arrangement will only last another three months .
Looking contrite , he insists he is not being rewarded for failure as he has lost money since the bank hit the buffers .
He says he invested all his bonuses in the bank 's shares .
1049 Andy Hornby , ex-HBOS boss is getting a bit testy after the Jobseekers ' Allowance exchange .
He has now been quizzed by MP Mann , a customer of the bank , on the morale of staff , which Mr Mann says is " in meltdown " .
Mr Hornby says it would be " extraordinary " if there had not been some demotivation but he believed morale would improve over the next two years .
1047 From BBC Political Editor Nick Robinson : Perhaps sensing that the bankers are finding this too easy Labour MP John Mann 's deploying heavy sarcasm in taking on Fred " the Shred " Goodwin .
" How much worse could it have been " - he asked - " if you 'd not been in charge " .
He 's now embarrassed Andy Hornby by asking him the level of the JSA which many of his former staff will be receiving .
He had to have it pointed out that this was the new name for the dole .
Perhaps sensing that the bankers are finding this too easy Labour MP John Mann 's deploying heavy sarcasm in taking on Fred " the Shred " Goodwin .
" How much worse could it have been " - he asked - " if you 'd not been in charge " .
He 's now embarrassed Andy Hornby by asking him the level of the JSA which many of his former staff will be receiving .
He had to have it pointed out that this was the new name for the dole .
1044 Sir Fred 's pension , worth a reported £ 8 m , is not linked to the share value of RBS , he reveals .
It would not be allowed under the rules apparently .
However he says he has lost £ 5 m due to RBS 's collapsing share price .
Sir Fred 's pension , worth a reported £ 8 m , is not linked to the share value of RBS , he reveals .
It would not be allowed under the rules apparently .
However he says he has lost £ 5 m due to RBS 's collapsing share price .
1043 " I did once sympathise with these bankers , feeling that they were just the brunt of the media and the public 's wrath but their lack of remorse for careless spending has changed my mind . "
Robbie Newton , Edinburgh " I did once sympathise with these bankers , feeling that they were just the brunt of the media and the public 's wrath but their lack of remorse for careless spending has changed my mind . "
1042 Andy Hornby , ex-HBOS boss , says he does not feel " personally culpable " for what happened as he had only recently taken over as chief executive when the storm hit .
Sir Fred Goodwin , ex-RBS boss , says he does take responsibility .
1039
The due diligence process to assess the economic health of ABN Amro was done six months before the takeover by RBS , says Sir Tom McKillop .
But there had been a " financial earthquake " in the intervening months , points out an incredulous committee chairman John McFall .
1037
The heat is on HBOS ( Halifax / Bank of Scotland ) now .
Andy Hornby , its former chief executive , insists it did have sufficient controls via non-executive directors on risks being taken by bank executives .
Lord Stevenson , ex-chief executive of HBOS , says the bank had " very elaborate systems of risk management and stress - testing " and the board was " all over " the risks being taken .
But he says : " We failed to consider some of the extreme scenarios that actually happened " .
The heat is on HBOS ( Halifax / Bank of Scotland ) now .
Andy Hornby , its former chief executive , insists it did have sufficient controls via non-executive directors on risks being taken by bank executives .
Lord Stevenson , ex-chief executive of HBOS , says the bank had " very elaborate systems of risk management and stress - testing " and the board was " all over " the risks being taken .
But he says : " We failed to consider some of the extreme scenarios that actually happened " .
1036 " While apologies wont fix anything now , at least these guys are willing to say ' we made a mistake ' and ' sorry ' , even if they thought it was a good idea at the time . "
Jonathan Hewitt , Newcastle " While apologies wont fix anything now , at least these guys are willing to say ' we made a mistake ' and ' sorry ' , even if they thought it was a good idea at the time . "
1035 " This little spot of public humiliation will be over shortly , and then they will probably pop off to their yachts in Monaco for cocktails this evening . "
Nick Hawkins , Oxford 1035 From BBC Political Editor Nick Robinson :
The first flash of the anger felt by many watching at home .
The Tory MP Michael Fallon told Sir Tom McKillop - the former chairman of Royal Bank of Scotland - that he'd " destroyed a great bank and cost the taxpayer £ 20 billion " .
I can't help noticing that the bankers are looking more not less relaxed .
The first flash of the anger felt by many watching at home .
The Tory MP Michael Fallon told Sir Tom McKillop - the former chairman of Royal Bank of Scotland - that he'd " destroyed a great bank and cost the taxpayer £ 20 billion " .
I can't help noticing that the bankers are looking more not less relaxed .
1030 " Sir Fred seemed to be excusing bonus culture as a method of retaining staff & stopping ' churn ' " Emalyse , UK " Sir Fred seemed to be excusing bonus culture as a method of retaining staff & stopping ' churn ' " 1030 Sir Tom insists ABN AMRO only cost £ 10 bn .
That 's OK then !
He says : " The bulk of what we paid for ABN Amro will be written off as goodwill and we paid about £ 10bn " .
At the time , he repeats , it seemed like a good deal .
The whole board agreed to it and it was not driven by Sir Fred Goodwin alone , says Sir Tom , and it was given FSA approval .
1029 Jaw dropping stuff .
Sir Tom McKillop , former Royal Bank of Scotland ( which includes NatWest ) chairman , says it was a " bad mistake " that RBS bought Dutch bank ABN Amro , which was , lest we forget , a £ 50 bn deal .
At the time it did not seem such a bad idea , he adds .
Jaw dropping stuff .
Sir Tom McKillop , former Royal Bank of Scotland ( which includes NatWest ) chairman , says it was a " bad mistake " that RBS bought Dutch bank ABN Amro , which was , lest we forget , a £ 50 bn deal .
At the time it did not seem such a bad idea , he adds .
1027 " Why are these men being treated so gently .
Will someone please ask the difficult questions of them ? "
Tony Grace , Southampton 1024 " ' Have your banks lived up to the definition of a bank ? '
If they can't answer that , what is the point of anything else ? "
John Rogers , Bristol " ' Have your banks lived up to the definition of a bank ? '
If they can't answer that , what is the point of anything else ? "
1023 Andy Hornby is tackled about his £ 940,000 salary , which Mr McFall gives him a nice comfort zone .
He agrees .
1022 Sir Fred Goodwin says it is a " highly competitive market " and the big bonus culture was imported from the US .
This was a " source of angst " for British banks , he tells the MPs , but they did not know what to do about it .
1019
How can bankers justify bonuses of ten times their salary ?
Lord Stevenson says HBOS was not paying that kind of ratio and is moving towards a system that rewarded long - term performance .
Tom McKillop also rejects the " ten times your salary " equation .
Bonuses at RBS were far more modest , he insists .
But the bonus culture was imported into High Street banks from the investment banks , he adds .
How can bankers justify bonuses of ten times their salary ?
Lord Stevenson says HBOS was not paying that kind of ratio and is moving towards a system that rewarded long - term performance .
Tom McKillop also rejects the " ten times your salary " equation .
Bonuses at RBS were far more modest , he insists .
But the bonus culture was imported into High Street banks from the investment banks , he adds .
1019 " Sorry is just not good enough , give the bonuses back .
We should not reward failure . "
Walter Biggin , Perthshire 1018
" These bankers have at least said ' sorry ' for the collapse of the global economy .
Well , that 's all OK then ... "
Steve Fouch , Medway " These bankers have at least said ' sorry ' for the collapse of the global economy .
Well , that 's all OK then ... "
1016 From BBC Political Editor Nick Robinson : A split has emerged .
A white faced , nervy looking Andy Hornby - the former chief exec of HBOS - said in a quivering voice that bonuses were " not rewarding the right type of behaviour " .
He defended himself by saying that he'd not taken his bonus in cash but in shares and had lost more in those than he gained in money .
Sir Fred Goodwin who told us simply that he was paid £ 1.6 m last year was not really challenged on this issue .
The bankers should feel that they 've escaped pretty easily on this .
1014 From BBC Political Editor Nick Robinson :
The scripted apologies are over .
The first sign of frustration from MPs followed when the witnesses struggled to answer the straight question from the Treasury Committee Chairman .
Had their banks lived up to the definition of a bank ie an institution that safeguarded customer 's money ?
Their answers ranged from " er " to " mmm " to " we did not forsee with enough clarity . "
The scripted apologies are over .
The first sign of frustration from MPs followed when the witnesses struggled to answer the straight question from the Treasury Committee Chairman .
Had their banks lived up to the definition of a bank ie an institution that safeguarded customer 's money ?
Their answers ranged from " er " to " mmm " to " we did not forsee with enough clarity . "
1011 Lord Stevenson , former HBOS chairman , says he can " understand why " people are concerned about short - term cash bonuses .
Former RBS chairman Tom McKillop says current events should prompt a review of bonus policy across the board - but it cannot be carried out in a " piecemeal way " .
1010 " I 've worked for RBS for 26 years , Fred turned us from an admired institution to a laughing stock . "
Anonymous , London 1010 Bonuses now .
Sir Fred Goodwin - " Fred the shred " as he is known by many newspapers - says he did not take a bonus in 2008 .
He says he and his colleagues have made considerable losses in the past year as they , like Andy Hornby formerly of HBOS , had invested their bonuses in bank shares .
Mr Hornby criticises bonuses for short term performance , saying annual cash bonuses should be tied into longer term share performance , perhaps two or three years .
Bonuses now .
Sir Fred Goodwin - " Fred the shred " as he is known by many newspapers - says he did not take a bonus in 2008 .
He says he and his colleagues have made considerable losses in the past year as they , like Andy Hornby formerly of HBOS , had invested their bonuses in bank shares .
Mr Hornby criticises bonuses for short term performance , saying annual cash bonuses should be tied into longer term share performance , perhaps two or three years .
1009
They are asked by committee chairman John McFall on whether they lived up to the definition of a bank that they are responsible for the safekeeping of people 's money .
After a lot of talking around the subject , Mr McFall decides they did not .
1006 From BBC Political Editor Nick Robinson : So " sorry " is n't the hardest word .
Each of the former bankers in turn have , predictably enough , said sorry .
Each claimed that they had apologised before already - although that was to shareholders and not the public .
Interesting that Lord Stevenson - the most political of the bunch - anticipated what will surely be another line of questioning on whether they 've gained whilst we 've suffered the pain by saying that " our shareholders - all of us - have lost a great deal of money " .
So " sorry " is n't the hardest word .
Each of the former bankers in turn have , predictably enough , said sorry .
Each claimed that they had apologised before already - although that was to shareholders and not the public .
Interesting that Lord Stevenson - the most political of the bunch - anticipated what will surely be another line of questioning on whether they 've gained whilst we 've suffered the pain by saying that " our shareholders - all of us - have lost a great deal of money " .
1003 Sir Fred Goodwin says they did not get the scale and speed of the downturn .
Everyone thought it was going to turn " at some point " but everyone was taken by surprise by the speed of it , he tells the MPs .
1002
Did they think low interest rates and favourable economic conditions would last forever .
Lord Stevenson chooses his words carefully .
He did not " slavishly worship at that doctrine " .
Three years ago HBOS decided to lower their share of the housing market out of caution .
But , he adds , the prevailing view was " bound to have an influence on us . "
0958
This is starting to look like a show trial .
All four men have now offered sincere apologies .
Former RBS chief Sir Fred " Goodwin said he wanted to offer a " profound and unqualified apology for all the distress that 's been caused . "
This is starting to look like a show trial .
All four men have now offered sincere apologies .
Former RBS chief Sir Fred " Goodwin said he wanted to offer a " profound and unqualified apology for all the distress that 's been caused . "
0956 We 're off .
Lord Stevenson is first to be given the opportunity to apologise by committee chairman John McFall .
He says : " We are profoundly and I think unreservedly sorry at the turn of events . "
We 're off .
Lord Stevenson is first to be given the opportunity to apologise by committee chairman John McFall .
He says : " We are profoundly and I think unreservedly sorry at the turn of events . "
0954 " I would ask whether they 're sick of being made scapegoats for an entire nation 's folly and addiction to debt . "
Pete , Cheshire " I would ask whether they 're sick of being made scapegoats for an entire nation 's folly and addiction to debt . "
0952
The four men - former HBOS chief executive Andy Hornby , his former chairman Lord Stevenson , former RBS CEO Sir Fred Goodwin and his former chairman Sir Tom McKillop - have just filed into the Thatcher Room to face the panel of MPs .
They are swapping small talk and pouring each other glasses of water .
We should be under way any second now .
0948 " They should all be stripped of their knighthoods and made to pay back all bonuses paid to them during the period in question . "
Robert Taylor , London " They should all be stripped of their knighthoods and made to pay back all bonuses paid to them during the period in question . "
0946 Committee chairman , Labour MP John McFall , told the BBC News Channel he wants to find out " what went wrong " and how these " once proud institutions have been brought to their knees and what lessons we can learn for the future . "
He is also expected to quiz them about how they justify their bonuses .
Committee chairman , Labour MP John McFall , told the BBC News Channel he wants to find out " what went wrong " and howthese " once proud institutions have been brought to their knees and what lessons we can learn for the future . "
He is also expected to quiz them about how they justify their bonuses .
0935 Welcome to our live text coverage of the Treasury Select Committee .
This morning , the four men who presided over the rise and spectacular fall of two of Britain 's biggest banks will be questioned for two hours or more on their role in Britain 's financial crisis .
The four - until recently senior executives at the Royal Bank of Scotland and HBOS - will face a panel of senior MPs in the Thatcher Room at Westminster 's Protcullis House .
The session is due to start at about 0945 .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version SEE ALSO Former banking bosses say ' sorry '
10 Feb 09 | Business Q&A : Bank bonuses
09 Feb 09 | Business Brown ' very angry ' about bonuses
09 Feb 09 | UK Politics RBS bail - out hits public finances
21 Jan 09 | Business
RELATED INTERNET LINKS
Treasury Committee
The BBC is not responsible for the content of external internet sites
TOP UK POLITICS STORIES Prison ' not linked ' to crime drop
Whitehall ' supported Guantanamo '
Government wins VAT Commons votes
MOST POPULAR STORIES NOW SHARED
READ
WATCHED /LISTENED
Tourists flock to ' Jesus 's tomb ' in Kashmir Most popular now , in detail SHARED
READ
WATCHED / LISTENED BBC
News
BBC News
BBC News
BBC News
BBC News
BBC News
BBC News
BBC News
BBC News
BBC News
Most popular now , in detail SHARED
READ
WATCHED / LISTENED BBC
News
BBC News BBC News
BBC News BBC News
BBC News BBC News
BBC News BBC News
BBC News BBC News
BBC News Indonesia 's female ' devil wheel ' riders
Indonesia 's female ' devil wheel ' riders BBC News
BBC News BBC News
BBC News BBC News
Most popular now , in detail FEATURES , VIEWS , ANALYSIS
Ghost town
Has China 's housing bubble burst ?
The guerilla plant
How the world 's oldest clove tree defied an empire Walking away
Why Royal Ballet principal Sergei Polunin quit Most Popular Now Most Popular Now | 56,514 people are reading stories on the site right now . " ;
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement A rare New Zealand reptile has become a father , possibly for the first time , at the age of 111 .
The keepers of Henry , a tuatara , had thought he was past his prime - especially after showing no interest in females during 40 years in captivity .
But he mated with 80 - year - old Mildred last July and 11 of the eggs she produced have now hatched .
Henry 's keepers have put his newfound vigour down to a recent operation to remove a tumour from his bottom .
' Love story '
Henry arrived at Southland Museum in the South Island city of Invercargill in 1970 and , his keepers say , soon became overweight and idle .
I have done lots of eggs before but these are just special because they are Henry's
Lindsay Hazley
Museum curator
He was known for his foul temper and had a tendency to attack other tuatara - forcing the museum to keep him in solitary confinement for many years .
But since his operation , Museum tuatara curator Lindsay Hazley said he had had a " major personality transplant " .
" I have done lots of eggs before but these are just special because they are Henry's , " Mr Hazley told the Southland Times .
Tuatara , which are found only in New Zealand , are sometimes referred to as " living fossils " .
They are the only surviving members of a family of species which walked the Earth with the dinosaurs more than 200 million years ago .
The museum now has about 70 of the rare creatures , and Mr Hazley is hopeful that Henry might provide more offspring in the future .
He lives with three female tuatara " in great harmony " , said Mr Hazley , and described the hatching of the eggs as " the completion of a love story " .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
By Paul Rincon
Science reporter , BBC News
EUROPA JUPITER SYSTEM MISSION Nasa : Jupiter Europa Orbiter could launch on Atlas rocket in 2020 Esa : Jupiter Ganymede Orbiter ( above ) lofted by an Ariane Probes use Venus gravity assist to arrive 6 years later Orbiters conduct joint observations at other Jupiter moons
Would finally settle into orbits around dedicated targets Studies will focus on Europa 's and Ganymede 's interiors End destructions will allow unique measurement opportunities Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Nasa and the European Space Agency have decided to forge ahead with an ambitious plan to send probes to the Jupiter system and its icy moon Europa .
The proposal could be the agencies ' next " flagship " endeavour , to follow on from the successful Cassini - Huygens mission to the Saturn system .
Officials had been considering the Jupiter mission along with a venture to Saturn 's moons Titan and Enceladus .
But they will target an earlier flight opportunity for the Europa mission .
A Saturnian return will have to wait until later in the century , agency chiefs say .
The missions would cost several billion dollars / euros to build and execute and might never fly if other future space endeavours become higher research priorities .
The decision was made last week at a meeting in Washington DC .
Scientists and engineers from the space agencies carefully studied both potential missions , which resulted from merging separate Nasa and Esa mission concepts .
They decided it was most technically feasible to do the Europa Jupiter System Mission ( EJSM ) first .
Combined effort Professor David Southwood , Esa 's director of science and robotic exploration , said : " This joint endeavour is a wonderful new exploration challenge and will be a landmark of 21st Century planetary science . "
But Esa 's Solar System Working Group decided that , based on scientific merit , there was little to separate this venture from the Titan Saturn System Mission ( TSSM ) .
They therefore recommended , with Nasa 's agreement , that both missions move forward for further study and implementation .
TITAN SATURN SYSTEM MISSION Mission would leave Earth on Atlas heavy - lift rocket Would take 9 years to reach Saturn with Venus fly - by Nasa : responsible for 1.6 - tonne instrumented orbiter Esa : would provide balloon and hydrocarbon lake lander ( above ) Orbiter to tour Saturn system before entering Titan orbit Tour allows further studies of Enceladus and its plumes
Will need to raise the high scientific bar set by Cassini Ed Weiler , associate administrator for Nasa 's science mission directorate in Washington DC , commented : " Although the Jupiter system mission has been chosen to proceed to an earlier flight opportunity , a Saturn system mission clearly remains a high priority for the science community . "
EJSM proposes Nasa and Esa combine efforts in the Jovian system .
Major targets here would be the Galilean moons Europa and Ganymede .
Scientists have long dreamed of visiting Europa with sophisticated instrumentation .
The icy moon 's cracked surface is thought to hide a sub - surface ocean ; and researchers want to start assessing the habitability of this strange world .
Louis Friedman , executive director of The Planetary Society , commented : " A mission to Jupiter 's icy moon Europa will take us to one of the most likely habitats in the Solar System - other than Earth - where life might have evolved . "
He added : " We are delighted that it is being organised as an international project - making the mission more affordable and increasing its support . "
The EJSM assessment team suggests the US and Europe both send orbiters .
Nasa would despatch the Jupiter Europa Orbiter ( JEO ) ; Esa would send the Jupiter Ganymede Orbiter ( JGO ) .
" It 's a double integrated mission .
What we want to do with two platforms is to contemplate the Jupiter system as a whole - each platform looking at specific objects ; and the two platforms looking at the same objects from two different perspectives , " said Michel Blanc , from the CESR ( Centre d'Etude Spatiale des Rayonnements ) in Toulouse , France .
A mission to Jupiter 's icy moon , Europa , will take us to one of the most likely habitats in the Solar System - other than Earth - where life might have evolved
Louis Friedman , The Planetary Society Although the two spacecraft would occasionally conduct joint observations , only Nasa 's probe would spend time around Europa - which is known to have a severe radiation environment .
A previous Esa feasibility study into a Europa mission gave spacecraft orbiting the moon a lifetime of just 66 days .
Nasa plans to use specific shielding to protect sensitive electronic systems .
" [ The Americans ] are confident now that they can operate for several months in orbit and do the mission which is complete coverage both of the surface and the interior , " Dr Blanc told BBC News
The JEO and JGO would end their missions by crashing into their respective moons .
' Fascinating ' targets
On the subject of the Galilean satellites , Dr Blanc added : " They are fascinating .
They are coupled ; they are in resonance .
" While Ganymede is doing one turn around Jupiter , Europa is doing two turns ; and Io is doing four orbits .
And in this motion they keep eccentricity ; they excite each other .
And there is a lot of tidal interaction which heats the internal bodies of those satellites . "
My heart belongs to Titan
Professor John Zarnecki , Open University Professor John Zarnecki , from the Open University in Milton Keynes , UK , told BBC News : " Europa will be absolutely brilliant when it happens . "
But the planetary scientist , who is a principal investigator on the Cassini - Huygens mission to the Saturnian system , added : " My heart belongs to Titan .
" One gets used to long timescales , but when it came home that I will probably be in my Bath chair by the time [ TSSM ] happens , it was disappointing . "
The TSSM concept envisages sending an orbiter to the moons Titan and Enceladus .
It would build on the discoveries made by Cassini - Huygens , which arrived at Saturn in July 2004 and continues to operate .
Cassini has sent back data indicating that Titan resembles a primitive Earth - albeit one that is deep frozen .
It has a thick , hazy atmosphere and is rich in organic ( carbon - rich ) molecules .
Recent revelations at Enceladus show that its southern polar region contains hot spots spewing huge jets of water - ice into space .
And scientists think this moon may also host an ocean of liquid water beneath the surface .
Tasting chemistry British scientists and engineers will look to play key roles on the European aspects of the Europa and Jupiter system venture .
One group will put forward the idea of firing darts , or penetrators , at the icy surface of Europa to " taste " its chemistry .
The icy surface of Europa is riven with cracks
The UK Penetrators Consortium , led from the Mullard Space Science Laboratory , is working on a proposal that would see instrumented probes dropped into the dusty surface of Earth 's moon .
But the researchers believe the technology could just as easily be deployed into a Jovian satellite .
" It allows you , for example , to implant a seismometer under the surface ; or to do some simple organic chemical analysis , " explained Dr Andrew Coates from MSSL .
Other small sensors could determine the temperature of the sub - surface , its mechanical properties and detect any movement ; they could also probe the minerals present and assess the local magnetic and radiation fields .
Professor Zarnecki commented : " If you can't sample the surface directly , one option would be to look at the ejecta - the material thrown off the surface during impacts .
" [ At the Open University ] we would like to fly a spectrometer around Europa to find out whether we can see organics . "
Paul.Rincon-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
There was a day when we worried about the " Arab masses " – the millions of " ordinary " Arabs on the streets of Cairo , Kuwait , Amman , Beirut – and their reaction to the constant bloodbaths in the Middle East .
Could Anwar Sadat restrain the anger of his people ?
And now – after three decades of Hosni Mubarak – can Mubarak ( or " La Vache Qui Rit " , as he is still called in Cairo ) restrain the anger of his people ?
The answer , of course , is that Egyptians and Kuwaitis and Jordanians will be allowed to shout in the streets of their capitals – but then they will be shut down , with the help of the tens of thousands of secret policemen and government militiamen who serve the princes and kings and elderly rulers of the Arab world .
Egyptians demand that Mubarak open the Rafah crossing - point into Gaza , break off diplomatic relations with Israel , even send weapons to Hamas .
And there is a kind of perverse beauty in listening to the response of the Egyptian government : why not complain about the three gates which the Israelis refuse to open ?
And anyway , the Rafah crossing - point is politically controlled by the four powers that produced the " road map " for peace , including Britain and the US .
Why blame Mubarak ?
To admit that Egypt can't even open its sovereign border without permission from Washington tells you all you need to know about the powerlessness of the satraps that run the Middle East for us .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Open the Rafah gate – or break off relations with Israel – and Egypt 's economic foundations crumble .
Any Arab leader who took that kind of step will find that the West 's economic and military support is withdrawn .
Without subventions , Egypt is bankrupt .
Of course , it works both ways .
Individual Arab leaders are no longer going to make emotional gestures for anyone .
When Sadat flew to Jerusalem – " I am tired of the dwarves , " he said of his fellow Arab leaders – he paid the price with his own blood at the Cairo reviewing - stand where one of his own soldiers called him a " Pharaoh " before shooting him dead .
The true disgrace of Egypt , however , is not in its response to the slaughter in Gaza .
It is the corruption that has become embedded in an Egyptian society where the idea of service – health , education , genuine security for ordinary people – has simply ceased to exist .
It 's a land where the first duty of the police is to protect the regime , where protesters are beaten up by the security police , where young women objecting to Mubarak 's endless regime – likely to be passed on caliph - like to his son Gamal , whatever we may be told – are sexually molested by plain - clothes agents , where prisoners in the Tora - Tora complex are forced to rape each other by their guards .
There has developed in Egypt a kind of religious facade in which the meaning of Islam has become effaced by its physical representation .
Egyptian civil " servants " and government officials are often scrupulous in their religious observances – yet they tolerate and connive in rigged elections , violations of the law and prison torture .
A young American doctor described to me recently how in a Cairo hospital busy doctors merely blocked doors with plastic chairs to prevent access to patients .
In November , the Egyptian newspaper Al - Masry al - Youm reported how doctors abandoned their patients to attend prayers during Ramadan .
And amid all this , Egyptians have to live amid daily slaughter by their own shabby infrastructure .
Alaa al - Aswani wrote eloquently in the Cairo paper Al - Dastour that the regime 's " martyrs " outnumber all the dead of Egypt 's wars against Israel – victims of railway accidents , ferry sinkings , the collapse of city buildings , sickness , cancers and pesticide poisonings – all victims , as Aswani says , " of the corruption and abuse of power " .
Opening the Rafah border - crossing for wounded Palestinians – the Palestinian medical staff being pushed back into their Gaza prison once the bloodied survivors of air raids have been dumped on Egyptian territory – is not going to change the midden in which Egyptians themselves live .
Sayed Hassan Nasrallah , the Hizbollah secretary general in Lebanon , felt able to call on Egyptians to " rise in their millions " to open the border with Gaza , but they will not do so .
Ahmed Aboul Gheit , the feeble Egyptian Foreign Minister , could only taunt the Hizbollah leaders by accusing them of trying to provoke " an anarchy similar to the one they created in their own country . "
But he is well - protected .
So is President Mubarak .
Egypt 's malaise is in many ways as dark as that of the Palestinians .
Its impotence in the face of Gaza 's suffering is a symbol of its own political sickness .
On the third day of the The State Canvassing Board 's review of the challenged ballots , the board began reviewing the nearly 800 challenges from Sen. Norm Coleman .
MPR Photo / Mark Zdechlik
Secretary of State Mark Ritchie says the board charged with reviewing disputed ballots in Minnesota 's U.S. Senate race will finish that part of the process today .
But that does n't mean the recount will be over .
The Minnesota Supreme Court has extended the recount to allow for the counting of wrongly rejected absentee ballots , but there 's a hitch .
The court ordered a wide array of officials , including the Coleman and Franken campaigns , to set a standard for identifying the ballots .
The Supreme Court ruling means that the winner of the 2008 Senate race will probably not be declared until 2009 .
It gives both sides a victory .
The infamous " Lizard People " ballot was thrown out by the state Canvassing Board today .
The voter filled in the bubble for Al Franken , but also put " Lizard People " as a write - in candidate .
MPR Photo / Tom Robertson
Democrat Al Franken 's campaign gets to see any wrongly rejected absentee ballots counted .
Meanwhile Republican Norm Coleman 's campaign gets its wish of setting a uniform process to identify those ballots .
And that 's where things get tricky .
The court said Secretary of State Mark Ritchie , local elections officials and the two campaigns need to come up with that process .
" I expect us to get to this pretty quickly , " said Ritchie .
Ritchie said he 's confident that the campaigns can agree on a process , especially because there are only four legal reasons for an absentee ballot to be rejected .
He said anything that falls outside of those four reasons should be counted .
" If somebody 's going to vote and they want to make some kind of a statement of some sort , they may not get their vote counted . "
But time is also a factor .
Local election officials will have to sort and count as many as 1,600 wrongly rejected ballots after an agreement is reached .
They will then have to issue a report to the State Canvassing Board with new vote totals by December 31 , and the State Canvassing Board could have to resolve additional challenges from both campaigns .
Ritchie said it 's possible the process will drag into the new year .
" So if you assume that some people will do it at the end , that means we will not be allowed to certify until after that .
So that would make it a 2009 , but early 2009 process , " said Ritchie .
In a dissenting opinion , Supreme Court Justice Alan Page wrote that the court should not have included the campaigns in the process , because they have an interest in winning the election , not in making sure the process is fair .
Wrongly rejected absentee ballots became an issue after the Franken campaign identified voters who had their ballots rejected for no legal reason .
The five member State Canvassing Board requested that local elections officials sort and count any ballots that were wrongly set aside .
The Coleman campaign argued in court that the ballots should not be included in the recount .
After the Supreme Court ruling , Franken attorney Marc Elias said he 's hopeful they can reach an agreement on identifying the ballots .
" There 's no question that there were improperly rejected absentee ballots .
Everybody knows it .
You all know it .
You reported about it .
The Coleman campaign knows about .
The canvassing board knows it .
That 's beyond question , " said Elias .
" Now , whether or not the Coleman is going to do the right thing or whether it 's going to insist that the sun rises in the west and sets in the east and the world is flat , I do n't know . "
Coleman attorney Tony Trimble said his side intends to cooperate with the court order .
" The Supreme Court has now ordered a procedure , which we requested , a uniform procedure to do something that will bind us all .
Well , we 're going to proceed with that procedure at this point , " said Trimble .
The court 's decision comes at a time when every vote matters .
After the state canvassing board finished the third day of reviewing disputed ballots , Coleman is leading Franken by just two votes .
But the outcome of the race is far from known , since thousands of challenged ballots withdrawn by the two campaigns have yet to be processed .
The board is also picking up the pace .
Members processed nearly as many ballots on Thursday as they did on the two days before that .
Most of the rulings have been monotonous , but every once in a while a ballot draws a chuckle .
On Thursday , there were write - in votes for Flying Spaghetti Monster , Jesse Ventura and the now infamous Lizard People .
On that ballot , a voter filled in the oval for Franken , but wrote Lizard People in the write - in portion .
Board members Kathleen Gearin and Eric Magnuson agreed that the ballot should not be counted , because it had two votes for U.S. Senate .
" If somebody 's going to vote , and they want to make a statement of some sort , " said Gearin .
" They may not get their vote counted , " said Magnuson .
" They may not get their vote counted .
This is an example of that .
And I 'm fairly certain they did n't mean it , but the rules are the rules .
The statute is the statute , " said Gearin .
The canvassing board said it 's also set to rule first thing this morning on whether it should count duplicate ballots .
Coleman 's attorneys are arguing that original and duplicate ballots have been mixed during the recount , perhaps creating a double count .
Several board members , and Franken 's attorney , have suggested that the canvassing board is n't the right venue for the complaint .
They say Coleman may be better off using the issue to contest the outcome of the election in court .
More on : Economic Crises
Words do n’t really do justice to the brutality of recent downturn in Korean and Taiwanese exports .
These look a lot like charts of financial variables after a bubble bursts , not charts of the level of exports .
That is n’t good .
Looking just as the monthly data risks being misleading .
There is a lot of seasonality in Taiwan ’s exports .
They usually dip in February .
It is a short month , it often corresponds with the Chinese new year and the data is n’t seasonally adjusted .
A small dip in December after the end of the Western holiday season also is n’t unusual .
But such a big dip in December is most unusual .
Plotting the rolling 3 m sum eliminates the big February dip .
The current downturn is real .
The data do not look much better if plotted as a percent change .
The y/y change in the 3 m rolling sum is n’t quite as bad as it was at the depth of the tech bust .
But give it time .
The 40 % fall in Taiwan ’s December exports is worse than anything observed then .
Almost all of Taiwan ’s exports seem to go to China for final assembly .
Korea though exports to both China ( electronic components , steel , no doubt other products ) and the US ( cars ) .
And there has been a very sharp fall in both Korean shipments to both the US and China .
Then again , it seems that exports are down across the board .
Europe does n’t look much different .*
Korean and Taiwanese imports are down too .
Korea ’s trade balance is actually improving even as its exports fall off a cliff .
Imports from the Gulf are following the trajectory one would expect .
What of China ?
Well , the official data is n’t out -- but if the data leaked to Dow Jones is accurate , China is following a similar trajectory but with one difference : its imports are down more than its exports .
In December , year over year exports were down close to 3 % and year over year imports were down 21 % .
Why is the fall in China ’s exports lagging the fall in Korean and Taiwanese exports ?
Is China taking market share in the downturn ?
Or does the regional supply chain mean that the fall in China ’s export will take longer to materialize , fewer imported components from Taiwan in December could just mean lower Chinese exports in January and February .
It also sure seems like China ’s own internal downturn is adding to the global contraction in trade .
Incidentally , China ’s 2008 trade surplus ( custom ’s basis ) should come in at close to $ 300 billion in 2008 -- up from about $ 260 billion in 2007 , even with the big run up in average commodity prices .
Korea and Taiwan are n’t the global economy .
But they both report their trade data quickly – and they both export a ton .
I wish I could say that I thought they were sending a deceptive signal ….
Three other points :
a) The trajectory of this downturn looks much worse than the trajectory of the 2000 recession .
That is n’t news .
But it is still worth noting .
Korea and Taiwan export a lot of electronics , so they were among the hardest hit by the tech bust .
b) It is striking that neither Taiwan nor Korean exports seem to have been impacted by the ( modest ) slowdown in US imports that started in 2006 .
They made up for slower export growth to the US – counting both their direct exports to the US and their indirect exports through China – with strong growth in their exports to Europe , China and the Gulf .
Y/y export growth rates for Taiwan and Korea were actually up a bit earlier this year , during the peak of " decoupling . "
No more …
c ) Policy choices matter .
From 2002 to 2004 , the won depreciated significantly v the euro .
After 2004 the won rose the RMB - - and China slammed the brake on domestic demand growth .
That too had an impact on Korea ’s exports to China .
These trends show up more easily on a graph that shows the percentage change in the rolling 12 m sum of Korean exports ( a variable that moves slowly but capture big trends ) than in the monthly data .
But right now the sheer severity of the global downturn dominates all other variables .
Everything is shrinking .
Thanks to Paul Swartz of the Council on Foreign Relations for help with the data downloads and the graphs .
* To flesh out the November and December data for Europe , I used the the fall in Korean shipments to France to extrapolate the fall for smaller European economies .
Using the fall in exports to Germany would have produced an even sharper fall .
But this data should be taken with a grain of salt .
Jeremy Lusk : Freestyle Motocross Rider Dies of Injuries ( Crash Video )
It is a sad day in the motocross world .
Freestyle motocross riderwas killed last night after he sustained head injuries during an X - Knights event in Costa Rica .
He was performing a move known as the Seatgrab Indian Backflip when he lost control of his bike .
Lusk , 24 , was taken to Calderon Hospital ICU in San Jose where he died at 11:03 p.m. on February 9 , surrounded by his parent , Chuck and Linda Lusk , his wife Lauren , and fellow Metal Mulisha riders Brian Deegan , Ryan Hagy , Cameron Steele and Erik Apple .
Lusk had an impressive year in 2008 , grabbing X Game gold in the FMX event and silver in Moto X best trick .
He was also names FMX rider of the year , appearing on the cover of TransWorld Motocross magazine 's January 2009 issue .
We have photos and the video of the crash below .
Please be advised that it is graphic .
July 2009 UPDATE : Cam Sinclair lands Double Backflips in competition .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Renting a billboard , handing out flyers or printing up T - shirts with your contact information used to seem like an outlandish way to get a job but now unemployed workers are going to just such lengths to get attention .
There were more jobs lost in 2008 than any year since 1945 and more layoffs are announced practically on a daily basis .
Unemployment now stands at 7.2 % , a 16 - year high , and the number of job seekers outnumber openings by three to one , so it 's no wonder people are getting creative .
" In today 's marketplace it is critical that you stand out in a crowd , " said Eric Winegardener , a vice president at Monster Worldwide .
But standing out is harder than ever when there are 11 million unemployed people in the crowd .
Most experts agree that networking is the best way to find a job , and many job searchers are aiming to broaden their network online by using sites like Twitter , Facebook and Linked In .
But with sites like those becoming mainstream , job seekers need to think outside the box to make contacts .
Jacob Share , 33 , started an email chain by sending his resume and job search objective to his family and friends .
He asked them to send it on to others and offered a monetary prize in the amount of $ 150 to the person who led him to a job as a Web development manager .
" The process went quickly after I sent my initial mailing to almost everyone I knew , " he said .
" It only took one friend 's forward beyond that initial mailing to get a referral that lead to the ultimate job offer . "
To find employment as a private duty registered nurse in Hobe Sound , Fla. , Peggy Greco , 53 , printed a T - shirt with her Web site and contact information and wears it while riding her bike ride around her neighborhood .
Even though she has n't gotten a job yet , Greco says she has gotten a few calls so far - and lost about five pounds .
Kelly Kinney , 29 , has been looking for a full - time position as a marketing manager for over a year .
She also decided to put her resume on the front of her shirt , along with her cover letter on the back and hit the streets .
After landing a few interviews , Kinney is hopeful to have an offer by the end of the week .
Other job seekers have worn their contact information on sandwich boards , posted it on billboards , or even printed it on cocktail napkins to get attention .
Unconventional vs. unprofessional
Tony Beshara , author of " Acing the Interview " and " The Job Search Solution , " encourages job seekers to employ such unusual strategies to find jobs .
" People spend hours crafting their resume , " he says , but " it can get lost in the shuffle . "
Instead , he advocates putting more effort toward getting face time .
" Wait in the lobby of the building where you want to work and ride the elevator with the manager , " he said .
" Try to bypass HR if you can . "
But others say unconventional strategies can be a gamble .
" I think your odds are far better by standing out through the traditional means , " said Winegardener from Monster .
Winegardener recommends that job seekers focus their energy on getting informed about their job prospects , including who is hiring and where the demand is for their skills , in addition to tailoring their message to each employer and being mindful of the details , which means having a " perfectly accurate " resume and following up every interview with a handwritten " thank you " note .
More than half , or 52 % , of marketing executives and 26 % of advertising executives said they view unusual job - hunting tactics , such as sending a potential employer a shoe " to get a foot in the door , " as unprofessional , according to a survey by The Creative Group , a staffing firm specializing in advertising and marketing positions .
David Perry , co-author of " Guerrilla Marketing for Job Hunters , " says job seekers should aim to be creative , but only as long as it's specifically targeted to the job they want .
For example , Perry suggests appealing directly to the hiring manager in the department that you want to work in .
" You can rent a billboard , but you are far better off deciding who you want to work for and crafting a message especially for them . "
Microsoft started 2009 by fixing just one security flaw in its software ; this month 's Patch Tuesday only had a single security bulletin , MS09 -001 .
The security update kills three birds with one stone : two privately reported vulnerabilities and one publicly disclosed vulnerability .
This is possible since all three problems , which could allow remote code execution and give an attacker full user rights , are found in the Microsoft Server Message Block ( SMB ) Protocol .
While Microsoft issued the patch for Windows 2000 , Windows XP ( x86 and x64 ) , Windows Server 2003 ( x86 and x64 ) , Windows Vista ( x86 and x64 ) , and Windows Server 2008 ( x86 and x64 ) , the company left Windows 7 out of the party .
Microsoft gave the following explanation for this decision :
We know that there might be some questions about the beta version of Windows 7 and today 's bulletin .
Windows 7 is affected only by the SMB Validation Denial of Service Vulnerability ( CVE - 2008 - 4114 ) and , like Windows Vista and Windows Server 2008 , would be rated as Moderate because the vulnerability would require authentication for any attack to succeed .
We provide security updates for beta versions of Windows through Windows Update for Critical issues only .
So the SMB Validation Denial of Service Vulnerability ( CVE - 2008 - 4114 ) will be addressed in the next public release for Windows 7 .
Coupled with the patch for the MP3 corruption issue , this should squash any speculation saying that Microsoft does not bother patching beta software .
Still , I 'm not sure I agree with the step the company is taking considering the millions that have downloaded ( and still can until January 24 ) and installed the beta .
Hopefully , the fact that Microsoft is n't bothering with a patch means that a release candidate build is n't too far off .
Further reading :
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
In its final week in office , the Bush administration might have some serious work to do : recovering millions of emails .
For over a year , the administration has battled a lawsuit by two Washington - based watchdog groups seeking to force the White House to locate unaccounted for internal emails , and on Wednesday morning a federal judge issued a last minute preservation order [ PDF ] .
In full , it reads :
The Executive Office of the President ( “ EOP ” ) shall : ( 1 ) search the workstations , and any .PST files located therein , of any individuals who were employed between March 2003 and October 2005 , and to collect and preserve all e-mails sent or received between March 2003 and October 2005 and ( 2 ) issue a preservation notice to its employees directing them to surrender any media in their possession –irrespective of the intent with which it was created –that may contain e-mails sent or received between March 2003 and October 2005 , and for EOP to collect and preserve all such media .
This is a major assignment for the Bush administration , which has to date been tight - lipped about what it has or has not been doing to preserve its emails for post - administration archiving .
“ The EOP [ Executive Office of the President ] is going to have to go to each of the workstations and find PST files and save them , ” says Meredith Fuchs , one of the lawyers representing the National Security Archive in the case .
“ It also means all of the EOP employees who may have used CDs , DVDs , external hard drives , zip drives , memory sticks , etcetera , to save emails are going to now have to turn them over before they leave . ”
It ’s unclear how much of this work , if any , the Bush White House has already completed .
But it could potentially throw a wrinkle into what has so far been a smooth transition : “ It ’s going to mean they ’re going to have to work a little harder as they walk out the door , ” says Fuchs .
The judge ’s order does n’t place a deadline on the White House , but since the National Archives is days away from taking custody of the Bush administration ’s records , Fuchs believes the ruling must be satisfied before Bush departs for Texas .
A status hearing in the case is scheduled for Wednesday afternoon , and it ’s possible the administration ’s lawyers could seek to change of the terms of the ruling .
At the very least , says Fuchs , the order “ requires them to come forward and say what they ’ve done ” to preserve and recover any missing White House emails .
Whatever the outcome of Wednesday ’s hearing ( more on that later ) , the missing emails controversy seems destined to carry over into Obama ’s presidency — and it remains to be seen how his administration will handle any ongoing litigation .
In a related matter , which could be read as a positive sign for government accountability advocates , Obama has pledged to “ nullify the Bush attempts to make the timely release of presidential records more difficult . ”
This suggests that his administration may seek to overturn a Bush executive order giving current and past presidents , along with their heirs , greater control over the release of White House records .
But with the economic stimulus package , along with other pressing issues , on his plate , restoring the Presidential Records Act and dealing with any lingering White House email issues may not figure high on his to - do list .
Says an Obama transition aide , “ We are in the process of working through these issues , but the commitments that President - elect Obama made during the campaign will guide our decisions moving forward . ”
Actor John Travolta arrives at the 80th annual Academy Awards , the Oscars , in Hollywood , February 24 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Lucas Jackson
NASSAU ( Reuters ) -
The teenage son of actor John Travolta died suddenly on Friday during a family vacation in the Bahamas , according to police and the family ’s lawyer .
Jett Travolta , 16 , suffered a seizure at his family ’s vacation home at the Old Bahama Bay resort on Grand Bahama Island , attorney Michael Ossi said .
The teen apparently hit his head and a caretaker found him unconscious in the bathroom on Friday morning .
He was taken by ambulance to Rand Memorial Hospital in Freeport , where he was pronounced dead , according to a statement from the Royal Bahamas Police Department .
Jett , who had a history of seizures , was the eldest child of Travolta and his wife , actress Kelly Preston .
They also have an 8 - year - old daughter , Ella .
An autopsy was pending , police said .
The family , who have homes in California and Florida , arrived in the Bahamas on Tuesday by private plane , police said .
And ... Anne Boleyn 's daughter ?
Queen Elizabeth I : When she died at Richmond Palace on the 24th March 1603 , England was one of the most powerful and prosperous countries in the world .
- King Henry VIII of England ( Love Letter To Anne Boleyn , 1528 .
Image : - Circle of John Bettes the Elder .
Temple Newsam House , " Portrait Of Queen Elizabeth I , " 1592 ) .
In 1509 King Henry VIII of England married his dead brother 's wife Catherine of Aragon , whose seven pregnancies failed to produce for him a male heir .
In 1533 he annulled the marriage and married Boleyn , dissolving ties with the papacy and becoming the head of the Church of England one year later .
Love letter to Anne Boleyn : Boleyn did not bear a male heir either .
King
Henry charged her with adultery , incest and treason .
She was beheaded in 1536 .
According to prominent British historian Eric W. Ives , her Executioner was so taken and shaken by Anne , he found it difficult to proceed .
In order to distract her , he shouted , just before killing her .
Anne could die thinking she had a few more seconds to live .
Ten days after the execution , Henry VIII married Jane Seymour .
People who have survived severe trauma such as events during war , torture or sexual assault can experience after - effects , a condition called posttraumatic stress disorder ( PTSD ) .
The symptoms may include anxiety , uncontrolled emotional reactions , nightmares , intrusive memories , sleep and concentration difficulties , evasion of situations that resemble the trauma , and feelings of shame or even amnesia .
For many , the condition fades away with time but for some PTSD is a chronic condition that needs treatment , which typically involves drugs that help with anxiety and depression and / or psychotherapy .
Psychotherapy usually involves a combination of talk sessions and tasks .
In exposure therapy , the focus is to help the patient digest the traumatic event in a safe context .
So the patient realizes that the memories of the traumatic event and the situation surrounding it are not dangerous .
The patient learns to deal with the traumatic incident as a painful memory , and not as if it will happen again .
“ Studies show that exposure therapy can be a very effective treatment of post traumatic disorders .
Yet far too many patients receive treatment only with drugs .
But anxiety reducing drugs and anti-depressants may work against our efforts and reduce the patient ’s emotional learning ” , says Pål - Ørjan Johansen , a psychologist at the Norwegian University of Science and Technology .
Along with Teri Krebs , a neurobiologist at the university , he is now exploring what happens when chronic trauma patients are treated with a combination of psychotherapy and pharmacological versions of ecstasy , MDMA ( 3,4 methylenedioxy - N- methyl - amphetamine ) .
A U.S. study , recently conducted by psychiatrist Michael Mithoefer , has shown what the Norwegian group called ' remarkable success ' with this combination .
MDMA ( 3,4 - methylenedioxy - N-methylamphetamine ) , also known as Ecstasy Mithoefer took 21 people with chronic PTSD , all of whom had been subjected to documented abuse .
All had also been through six months of treatment with traditional therapy , in addition to a three - month treatment with drugs .
None , however , had shown any improvement from the treatment .
Under Mithoefer ’s treatment , the patients stopped their usual anxiety - reducing drugs , and began a new treatment with twelve sessions of psychotherapy .
During two of these therapy sessions , some patients were given doses of MDMA , while the others were given a placebo ( a fake pill ) .
Two months after the treatment , 92 percent of MDMA patients had clinically significant improvement in their conditions :
They were more open to therapy and were able to process the trauma .
They managed to escape from their shells and shame , and to see lifelong patterns of behaviour .
They were less dispirited , evasive and afraid .
In contrast , only 25 percent of the patients in the placebo group showed progress .
Everyone in this group was subsequently offered treatment with MDMA , and the results have been good , with no serious or lasting side effects .
Neuropsychological tests suggested that patients had improved mental ability after treatment .
None of MDMA patients continued to take the drug after treatment .
But many of them had managed to transform a crippling trauma into " only " a memory -- a painful memory , but still more manageable than before .
“ This was a small study , and it must be followed up by more .
But the results are promising , both in terms of safety and the effects of treatment .
It is also important to stress that this is not about daily medication , but short - term , controlled use , " Johansen and Krebs say .
The Norwegian scientists have investigated both this and a number of other studies , and suggest the following explanation : “ For the first , MDMA contributes to increasing the level of oxytocin in the brain .
This hormone stimulates emotions such as connection , proximity and trust .
In a therapeutic context , it means that the patient may be better able to open up and have confidence in the therapist .
" For the second , MDMA increases activity in the ventromedial prefrontal cortex .
This is an area in the anterior part of the brain that processes fear , lowers stress , and enables us to see events in perspective .
This is where decisions are taken and feelings are regulated .
Activity here is closely linked to activity in the amygdala , the area of the brain that is the centre for feeling fear .
You could say that fear is formed in the amygdala , but is processed in the ventromedial prefrontal cortex .
While activity in the cortex is increased with MDMA , the drug simultaneously reduces activity in the amygdala .
We believe this will help improve the regulation of emotions , allay fears and reduce evasive behaviours in a therapy situation .
" For the third , MDMA triggers the ‘ stress ’ hormones noradrenalin and cortisol .
These hormones are necessary to activate the emotional learning that leads to long - term reduction of fear .
"
In summary , we suggest that MDMA is an emotional enhancer that helps the patient feel safer and in control , better able to connect with memories , and more capable of the emotional processing that is needed for improvement .
” Poster : Mithoefer , M , Mithoefer , A , Wagner , M ( 2008 ) ' Methylenedioxymethamphetamine ( MDMA ) - assisted psychotherapy in subjects with chronic posttraumatic stress disorder : A Phase II clinical trial completed 19 September , 2008 . '
Presented at the 24th Annual Meeting of the International Society of Traumatic Stress Studies , Chicago .
Teri Krebs ’ and Pål - Ørjan Johansen ’s explanatory model is being published in the Journal of Psychopharmacology .
Who is the author ?
An Egyptian in London .
I was raised in Nigeria , went to university in Egypt , and have lived in London since I was 21 .
In my late thirties now , I work as a university professor in computer science .
I am sojourning in Cairo these days .
Call Us Today !
888-686-8395
Top Debt Tips in 2009 to Survive the Recession
Americans recently ushered in the New Year , hoping for a fresh start and an economic recovery from the previous year .
Marred by foreclosures , 401 ( k ) losses , and unemployment , 2008 was a difficult time .
Unfortunately , the economic outlook for 2009 is n’t exactly promising , so Americans must prepare themselves for protracted recession conditions .
One way to help stave off the deleterious effects of a recession is to end the debt habit .
Proper debt management , especially in a seemingly perennial credit crunch , can make or break your finances .
In this post , we ’ll offer tips on how to become debt - free in the tough economy that lies ahead in 2009 .
As oil edged closer to $ 60 a barrel in New York futures trading Monday , the Energy Department said that pump prices continued an unprecedented free fall from their all - time highs recorded this past summer .
The price of a gallon of self - serve regular gasoline fell a further 25.8 cents over the last week to a national average of $ 2.656 , marking the first time all year that the price dropped below 2007 levels , according to the Energy Department ’s weekly survey of filling stations .
A year ago , the national average was $ 2.872 a gallon .
California remained the most expensive region for gasoline in the continental U.S.
But its price change also was striking , down 22.5 cents , or 2.9 cents below the price a year earlier , to $ 3.13 a gallon .
Barring a major refinery mishap , analysts said , California motorists should see the average drop below $ 3 by mid-month .
Since the record national average of $ 4.114 on July 7 and the California record of $ 4.588 reached June 16 , prices have dropped by 35 % and 32 % , respectively .
Advertisement
The declines , analysts said , are n’t over yet .
“ I think we definitely have another 15 cents to 20 cents to go , ” said Fred Rozell , director of retail pricing for the Oil Price Information Service in New Jersey .
Every dollar drop in the price that Americans pay for gasoline amounts to $ 378 million saved a day , he said .
“ We ’re still seeing a lot of room for prices to continue to fall , ” Rozell said .
Advertisement
Economists warned that savings at the gas pump alone probably would n’t jump - start consumer spending and give a boost to the U.S. economy .
Those lower fuel costs would have to trickle down to the prices consumers are paying for every other thing they buy , said Bruce Bullock , executive director of the Maguire Energy Institute at Southern Methodist University .
“ Most of that money will go to debt reduction and to essentials , ” Bullock said .
In the oil markets , not even rumors of another emergency meeting by the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries and the threat of more cuts in production were enough to halt the slide in oil futures trading Monday .
Advertisement
“ The market was unimpressed ” by those rumors , said Phil Flynn , vice president and senior market analyst for Alaron Trading Co. in Chicago , adding that some of the producers might be too dependent on oil revenue to meet the recently announced production cuts of 1.5 million barrels a day at a time when their own economies were slowing .
Light , sweet crude for December delivery fell 93 cents to settle at $ 63.22 a barrel on the New York Mercantile Exchange after trading as low as $ 61.30 earlier in the day .
Oil was following a direction , but not one set by OPEC , said John Kilduff , senior vice president at MF Global in New York .
“ Oil is taking its cues from the global economic outlook , ” Kilduff said .
“ Sixty dollars a barrel looks precarious , and we could drop down in the $ 50s . ”
Advertisement
--
ron.white@latimes.com
White phosphorus fired by Israel falls on Gaza City .
( Eva Bartlett )
It ’s hard to believe it can get worse , but daily it does .
Last week , I saw the white phosphorus clouds doctors have written about and condemned .
From a tall Gaza City building , the panoramic view showed a spreading stream of poison , on eastern Gaza .
The chemical burns deeply , to the bone , experts say .
It is considered illegal warfare , not to be used in civilian areas .
Yet the accounts grow of its use : heavy use in the Khosar region , east of Khan Younis , and in the northwest of Gaza , and in eastern Jabaliya , Sheik Zayid , Sheik Rajleen , al - Zaitoun , everywhere .
The United Nations headquarters housing hundreds of fleeing Palestinians which was bombed on 15 January was hit with white phosphorus .
“ Five days ago , in Jabaliya , I saw an abnormal material : white dust , spread out in spinning circles which spread the dust further .
From inside there was something falling down which looked like snow .
It covered a large area , over many houses , ” Maher al - Madhouan , head of the physiotherapy department in Sheik Radwan hospital , told me last week .
At al - Shifa hospital , Dr. Nafez Abu Shabaan , Head of the burn department , told me they ’ve received some burn cases unlike anything they ’ve ever seen .
“ We ’re not familiar with phosphorous burns , but some patients have very deep burns , very strange burns . ”
He cites the case of a patient sent for a brain scan who three hours later , still alive , “ came back smoking . ”
In one room , Lada , 20 , lies staring blankly , half of her pretty face and soft skin mottled with burns and blisters .
Her right hand is bandaged , so the extent of the burn has to be judged by her unbandaged left hand , which has burn gashes and bloated fingers .
A medical report charts her burns : right side of face and head ; right arm , hand , side , abdomen , leg , and foot .
Apparently the incendiary chemical struck from her right .
Forty - three percent of her total body surface is covered by these deep burns .
She comes from Siatta , north of the northwestern Attatra area , where a tank invasion now rages , well into its first week .
At 4 pm on 4 January , Lada and her family were inside their house when it was shelled four times by Israeli tanks .
The shell which landed inside her home hit the area closest to Lada .
At the time , she was sitting with Mara , her three - year - old daughter , who survived the blast with equally disfiguring and painful burns .
A swirl of angry red burn beards Mara ’s face , dots her nose , ears and forehead , and cuts into 22 percent of her tiny body ’s surface area .
Ali , 4 , Yusuf , 17 , and their mother ( name and age not given ) also all suffered facial and bodily burns from the shelling and the chemicals .
“ The whole house was filled with fire and black smoke , different than normal smoke from a fire .
It was hard to breathe and swelled our throats , ” a brother , uninjured , recounted .
The shells which seared the skin of four members of the family killed a further five , including Lada ’s father , 44 , three younger brothers , 10 , 11 and 13 , and a baby sister , one and a half , who the mother was holding at the time .
Ambulances were called , and were prevented from arriving .
Surviving family members loaded onto a tractor , driven by one of Lada ’s cousins .
He and another cousin , both 18 , were targeted by Israeli soldiers , said the mother , shot dead .
The remaining family members had no option but to walk half an hour before they were able to get transportation to a hospital for treatment for their many serious injuries .
Eva Bartlett is a Canadian human rights advocate and freelancer who spent eight months in 2007 living in West Bank communities and four months in Cairo and at the Rafah crossing .
She is currently based in the Gaza Strip after having arrived with the third Free Gaza Movement boat in November .
She has been working with the International Solidarity Movement in Gaza , accompanying ambulances while witnessing and documenting the ongoing Israeli air strikes and ground invasion of the Gaza Strip .
Related Links
One argument that I tend not to hear very often but occasionally stumble onto , is the accusation that Communism or Marxism is akin to a religion , that is , something based on faith .
The reason this is used strikes me more like a way to hit a soft spot on an Atheist or skeptic , rather than an attempt at true argumentation .
Indeed , such a claim does not tackle any of the core tenets of Communism such as the labour theory of value , the explanation of capitalist shortcomings etc , but rather takes a generic shallow look at the history of attempted Communism and draws conclusions from that .
So let ’s see what the arguments might be .
It is not based on science
Communism as any other socioeconomic system is not based on the scientific method .
The scientific method requires an observation to happen before it can create a theory but you cannot observe a system that does not exist yet .
Capitalism is not based on the scientific method either .
It did not come about because some scientists sat down and observed the current feudal system and found out that capitalism is a more optimal choice .
No .
It first came about and then the pseudo - science of economics set out to find out the rules that control it .
If anything else , Marxism is a absolutely materialistic philosophy and considers that only science can discover the truth about the world .
In this regard , it is diametrically opposed to any other religion .
It is based on faith
As a completely faithless person , such an accusation seems absurd to me .
For something to be based on faith , it needs to be believed regardless of conflicting evidence .
But no such evidence exist against Communism .
This is doubtly untrue since things based on faith tend to be hammered onto the minds of children in order to stick .
The enemy of faith is reason .
Certainly it is possible that someone is brainwashed as a child to be a Communist , but such a person would be a very poor example of one as for Communism to work , it requires conscious , skeptical , critical and active people who can take action into their own hands and be willing to cooperate with others democratically .
A passive , brainwashed follower might be fitting for a Stalinist regime but can never be considered a Communist unless he starts accepting the theory based on reason instead of faith .
Personally , I was always very critical of Communism for the same reason everyone else in the world is .
Misunderstanding of what it really is .
I only started accepting it once I dug a bit deeper and started criticizing my own preconceptions .
It is evangelising
This is the accusation that , like any religion , Communism requires people to spread the knowledge of it to others before they can accept it .
Like any idea before it , there is no way to spread it except through discussion with people who know about it .
The idea of Capitalism , markets and merchants did not spread itself .
Humanity did not begin with a part of it being merchants or capitalists .
These classes of people were created when someone thought of the concept and then started spreading it to others , thought words and actions .
If this is a definition of a religion , then any idea is a religion .
It has a holy book , prophets and apostles .
This is absolutely untrue by the common definition of those terms .
The Communist Manifesto is simply the expression of the part of an idea and as such it is subject to improvement as any other idea .
It is not a dogma .
The people who accepted Communism and spreaded the word can no more be called Prophets than Adam Smith who spread the idea of Capitalism .
Nor can leaders who accept one idea over another make that idea a religion .
Finally
It is very easy to stretch the meaning of words in order to make a term less positive to the people who might embrace it .
But this is a dishonest tactic .
If one wishes to tackle Communism , the best way to do so is through rational dialogue on the actual points it proposes .
Like any philosophy and idea , there will certainly be people who are dogmatic about it , but that does not describe the philosophy as a whole .
Spread the love : Email
Reddit
More
Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Tumblr
" Tell a lie loud enough and long enough and people will believe it . "
- Adolf Hitler
" Fluoridation is the greatest case of scientific fraud of this century . "
- Robert Carlton , Ph.D , former EPA scientist , 1992
The history of forcing fluoride on humans through the fluoridation of drinking water is wrought with lies , greed and deception .
Governments that add fluoride to drinking water supplies insist that it is safe , beneficial and necessary , however , scientific evidence shows that fluoride is not safe to ingest and areas that fluoridate their drinking water supplies have higher rates of cavities , cancer , dental fluorosis , osteoporosis and other health problems .
Because of the push from the aluminum industry , pharmaceutical companies and weapons manufacturers , fluoride continues to be added to water supplies all over North America and due to recent legal actions against water companies that fluoridate drinking water supplies , precedent has been set that will make it impossible for suits to be filed against water suppliers that fluoridate .
There is a growing resistance against adding toxic fluoride to our water supplies , but unfortunately , because fluoride has become " the lifeblood of the modern industrial economy " ( Bryson 2004 ) , there is too much money at stake for those who endorse water fluoridation .
The lies of the benefits of water fluoridation will continue to be fed to the public , not to encourage health benefits to a large number of people , but to profit the military - industrial complex .
The story begins in 1924 , when Interessen Gemeinschaft Farben ( I.G. Farben ) , a German chemical manufacturing company , began receiving loans from American bankers , gradually leading to the creation of the huge I.G. Farben cartel .
In 1928 Henry Ford and American Standard Oil Company ( The Rockefellers ) merged their assets with I.G. Farben , and by the early thirties , there were more than a hundred American corporations which had subsidiaries and co-operative understandings in Germany .
The I.G. Farben assets in America were controlled by a holding Company , American I.G. Farben , which listed on it ’s board of directors : Edsel Ford , President of the Ford Motor Company , Chas .
E. Mitchell , President of Rockerfeller ’s National City Bank of New York , Walter Teagle , President of Standard Oil New York , Paul Warburg , Chairman of the federal reserve and brother of Max Warburg , financier of Germany ’s War effort , Herman Metz , a director of the Bank of Manhattan , controlled by the Warburgs , and a number of other members , three of which were tried and convicted as German war criminals for their crimes against humanity .
In 1939 under the Alted agreement , the American Aluminum Company ( ALCOA ) , then the worlds largest producer of sodium fluoride , and the Dow Chemical Company transferred its technology to Germany .
Colgate , Kellogg , Dupont and many other companies eventually signed cartel agreements with I.G. Farben , creating a powerful lobby group accurately dubbed " the fluoride mafia " ( Stephen 1995 ) .
At the end of World War II , the US government sent Charles Eliot Perkins , a research worker in chemistry , biochemistry , physiology and pathology , to take charge of the vast Farben chemical plants in Germany .
The German chemists told Perkins of a scheme which they had devised during the war and had been adapted by the German General Staff .
The German chemists explained of their attempt to control the population in any given area through the mass medication of drinking water with sodium fluoride , a tactic used in German and Russian prisoner of war camps to make the prisoners " stupid and docile " ( Stephen 1995 ) .
Farben had developed plans during the war to fluoridate the occupied countries because it was found that fluoridation caused slight damage to a specific part of the brain , making it more difficult for the person affected to defend his freedom and causing the individual to become more docile towards authority .
Fluoride remains one of the strongest anti-psychotic substances known , and is contained in twenty - five percent of the major tranquilizers .
It may not seem surprising that Hitler ’s regime practiced the concept of mind control through chemical means , but the American military continued Nazi research , exploring techniques to incapacitate an enemy or medicate an entire nation .
As stated in the Rockerfeller Report , a Presidential briefing on CIA activities , " the drug program was part of a much larger CIA program to study possible means of controlling human behavior " ( Stephen 1995 ) .
The ‘ dental caries prevention myth ’ associated with fluoride , originated in the United States in 1939 , when a scientist named Gerald J. Cox , employed by ALCOA , the largest producer of toxic fluoride waste and at the time being threatened by fluoride damage claims , fluoridated some lab rats , concluded that fluoride reduced cavities and claimed that it should be added to the nation ’s water supplies .
In 1947 , Oscar R. Ewing , a long time ALCOA lawyer , was appointed head of the Federal Security Agency , a position that placed him in charge of the Public Health Service ( PHS ) .
Over the next three years , eighty - seven new American cities began fluoridating their water , including the control city in a water fluoridation study in Michigan , thus eliminating the most scientifically objective test of safety and benefit before it was ever completed .
American ‘ education and research ’ was funded by the Aluminum Manufacturing , Fertilizer and Weapons Industry looking for an outlet for the increasingly mounting fluoride industrial waste while attaining positive profit increase .
The ‘ discovery ’ that fluoride benefited teeth , was paid for by industry that needed to be able to defend " lawsuits from workers and communities poisoned by industrial fluoride emissions " ( Bryson 1995 ) and turn a liability into an asset .
Fluoride , a waste constituent in the manufacturing processes of explosives , fertilizers and other ‘ necessities ’ , was expensive to dispose of properly and until a ‘ use ’ was found for it in America ’s water supplies , the substance was only considered a toxic , hazardous waste .
Through sly public re-education , fluoride , once a waste product , became the active ingredient in fluorinated pesticides , fungicides , rodenticides , anesthetics , tranquilizers , fluorinated pharmaceuticals , and a number of industrial and domestic products , fluorinated dental gels , rinses and toothpastes .
Fluoride is so much a part of a multibillion - dollar industrial and pharmaceutical income , that any withdrawal of support from pro-fluoridationists is financially impossible , legally unthinkable and potentially devastating for their career and reputation .
Funded by US industrialists , in an attempt to encourage public acceptance of fluoride , Edward Bernays , known also as the father of PR , or the original spin doctor , began a campaign of deception to persuade public opinion .
Barnays explained " you can get practically any idea accepted if doctors are in favour .
The public is willing to accept it because a doctor is an authority to most people , regardless of how much he knows or does n’t know " ( Bryson 2004 ) .
Doctors who endorsed fluoridation did n’t know that research discrediting fluoride ’s safety was either suppressed or not conducted in the first place .
Fluoride became equated with scientific progress and since it was introduced to the public as a health - enhancing substance , added to the environment for the children ’s sake , those opposing fluoride were dismissed as cranks , quacks and lunatics .
Fluoride became impervious to criticism because of a relentless PR offensive , but also because of it ’s overall toxicity .
Unlike chemicals that have a signature effect , fluoride , a systemic poison , produces a range of health problems , so it ’s effects are more difficult to diagnose .
Recently declassified US Military documents such as Manhattan Project , shows how Fluoride is the key chemical in atomic bomb production and millions of tonnes of it were needed for the manufacture of bomb - grade uranium and plutonium .
Fluoride poisoning , not radiation poisoning , emerged as the leading chemical health hazard for both workers and nearby communities .
A - bomb scientists were ordered to provide evidence useful for defense in litigation , so they began secretly testing fluoride on unsuspecting hospital patients and indignant , mentally retarded children ..
" The August 1948 Journal of the American Dental Association shows that evidence of adverse effects from fluoride was censored by the US Atomic Energy Commission for reasons of " national security " ( Griffiths 1998 ) .
The only report released stated that fluoride was safe for humans in small doses .
During the Cold War , Dr. Harold C. Hodge , who had been the toxicologist for the US Army Manhattan Project , was the leading scientific promoter of water fluoridation .
While Dr. Hodge was reassuring congress of the safety of water fluoridation , he was covertly conducting one of the nation ’s first public water fluoridation experiments in Newburgh , New York , secretly studying biological samples from Newburgh citizens at his US laboratory at the University of Rochester .
Since there are no legal constraints against the suppression of scientific data , the only published conclusion resulting from these experiments was that fluoride was safe in low doses , a profoundly helpful verdict for the US Military who feared lawsuits for fluoride injury from workers in nuclear power plants and munitions factories .
Fluoride pollution was one of the biggest legal worries facing key US industrial sectors during the cold war .
A secret group of corporate attorneys , known as the Fluorine Lawyers Committee , whose members included US Steel , ALCOA , Kaiser Aluminum , and Reynolds Metals , commissioned research at the Kettering Laboratory at the University of Cincinnati to " provide ammunition " ( Bryson 2004 ) for those corporations who were fighting a wave of citizen claims for fluoride injury .
The Fluorine Lawyers Committee and their medical ambassadors were in personal and frequent contact with the senior officials of the federal National Institute for Dental Research , and have been implied in the ‘ burying ’ of the forty year old Kettering study , which showed that fluoride poisoned the lungs and lymph nodes in laboratory animals .
Private interests , sought to destroy careers and censor information by ensuring that scientific studies raising doubts about the safety of fluoride never got funded , and if they did , never got published .
During the 1990 ’s , research conducted by Harvard toxicologist Phillis Mullenix showed that fluoride in water may lead to lower IQ’s , and produced symptoms in rats strongly resembling attention deficit and hyperactivity disorder ( ADHD ) .
Just days before her research was accepted for publication , Mullenix was fired as the head of toxicology at the Forsyth Dental Center in Boston .
Then her application for a grant to continue her fluoride and central nervous system research was turned down by the US National Institute of Health ( NIH ) , when an NIH panel told her that " fluoride does not have central nervous system effects " ( Griffiths 1998 ) .
Despite growing evidence that it is harmful to public health , US federal and state pubic health agencies and large dental and medical organizations such as the American Dental Association ( ADA ) , continue to promote fluoride .
Water fluoridation continues , despite the Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) ’s own scientists , whose union , Chapter 280 of the National Treasury Employees Union , has taken a strong stand against it .
Dr. William Hirzy , vice president of Chapter 280 , stated that " fluoride ( that is added to municipal water ) is a hazardous waste product for which there is substantial evidence of adverse health effects and , contrary to public perception , virtually no evidence of significant benefits " ( Mullenix 1998 ) .
Although fluoride is up to fifty times more toxic than sulfur dioxide , it is still not regulated as an air pollutant by the American Clean Air Act .
Since thousands of tonnes of industrial fluoride waste is poured into drinking water supplies all over North America , supposedly to encourage gleaming smiles in our children , big industry in the US has the benefit of emitting as much fluoride waste into the environment as they like with absolutely no requirement to measure emissions and no way of being held accountable for poisoning people , animals and vegetation .
In August 2003 , the EPA requested that the National Research Council , the research arm of the National Academy of Sciences ( NAS ) , re-evaluate water fluoride safety standards by reviewing recent scientific literature , because the last review in 1993 had major gaps in research .
" Neither the US Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) , nor the National Institute for Dental Research ( NIDR ) , nor the American Academy of Pediatric Dentistry has any proof on fluoride ’s safety or effectiveness " ( Sterling 1993 ) .
The International Academy of Oral Medicine and Toxicology has classified fluoride as an unapproved dental medicament due to it ’s high toxicity and the US National Cancer Institute Toxicological Program has found fluoride to be an " equivocal carcinogen " ( Maurer 1990 ) .
Currently the US government is continuing to introduce further fluoridation schemes throughout the country , including the Water Act passed in November 2003 , which has made it impossible for water companies to undergo civil or criminal hearings as a result of adding fluoride to public water supplies .
In a society where products containing asbestos , lead , beryllium and many other carcinogens have been recalled from the marketplace , it is surprising that fluoride is embraced so thoroughly and blindly .
It seems absurd that we would consider paying the chemical industry to dispose of their toxic waste by adding it to our water supply .
Hiding the hazards of fluoride pollution from the public is a capitalist - style con job of epic proportions that has occurred because a powerful lobby wishes to manipulate public opinion in order to protect it ’s own financial interests .
" Those who manipulate this unseen mechanism of society constitute an invisible government which is the true ruling power of our country ... our minds are molded , our tastes formed , our ideas suggested , largely by men we have never heard of " ( Bernays 1991 ) .
Related Video on Edward Bernays and Mass Manipulation :
The Century of the Self : The Untold History Of Controlling The Masses Through The Manipulation Of Unconscious Desires
During science fiction 's Pre-Golden Age ( 1904 - 33 ) , writers dreamed up mechanical and quasi-organic humanoids so compelling that they continue to haunt today 's scifi , forcing us to ask what it means to be human .
Advertisement
Forget WALL-E and GORT .
Forget sexy Summer Glau and Tricia Helfer in Terminator : The Sarah Connor Chronicles and Battlestar Galactica .
OK , do n't forget them .
But check it out : Long before Autobots , Fembots , and the Urkelbot , PGA SF authors obsessed over electricity - , steam - , and clockwork - powered machine - men or " robots " ( a term introduced in 1921 ) that might free us from the burden of labor ... or else run amuck and destroy / enslave us .
Before Yul Brynner , Daryl Hannah , and Brent Spiner played troubled biomechs , replicants , and skin-jobs in Westworld , Blade Runner , and Star Trek : TNG , SF novels and stories published from 1904 - 33 asked what , exactly , distinguishes an " android " - a term , meaning " human - like , " first popularized in an 1886 French SF novel - from one of us ?
And before the Six Million Dollar Man , the Terminator , and the Borg popularized the obscure 1960s notion of the " cyborg , " PGA SF authors had already inserted human brains into machines , and vice versa , creating existential crises of every variety for their characters .
Advertisement
Here 's a list - in no particular order - of 10 of the most compelling and uncanny robot , android , and cyborg - oriented novels , stories , and plays that were published in the decades immediately before SF 's so - called Golden Age .
There 's a more complete list at the end , too .
Suggestions , criticisms welcome !
Read more in this series .
1 ) L. Frank Baum , Ozma of Oz ( Chicago : Reilly & Britton , 1907 ) .
The third Oz book , and the first in which we meet one of Baum 's most delightful characters : " He was only about as tall as Dorothy herself , and his body was round as a ball and made out of burnished copper .
Also his head and limbs were copper , and these were jointed or hinged to his body in a peculiar way , with metal caps over the joints , like the armor worn by knights in days of old . "
From a printed card attached to its neck , Dorothy learns that Tiktok is a " Patent Double - Action , Extra - Responsive , Thought - Creating , Perfect - Talking Mechanical Man Fitted with out Special Clock - Work Attachment .
Thinks ,
Speaks , Acts , and Does Everything but Live . "
Though one of the earliest fictional appearances of true machine intelligence , Tiktok ( above , with Nome King ) is not a free agent like his ( equally metallic , yet living ) new friend , the Tin Man , to whom he confides that " When I am wound up I do my du -ty by go-ing just as my ma - chin - er -y is made to go . "
Fun fact :
Baum revisited this story for his 1913 musical , The Tik - Tok Man of Oz , in which Tiktok sings : " Always work and never play ! / Do n't demand a cent of pay ! "
READ IT | OZ IMAGES
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
Advertisement
2 ) Karel Čapek , R.U.R. : Rossum 's Universal Robots ( 1921 premiere as R.U.R. : Rossumovi univerzální roboti ; in translation , 1923 ) .
This surreal morality play takes place in the 1960s or so , and it 's set in the factory of a ( USA ? ) manufacturing concern that has shipped hundreds of thousands of " Robots " - biological humanoids designed for cheap labor - around the world .
( We 'd call Čapek 's Robots " androids , " now ; see Spock - like sketch of one from the ' 22 New York production , at left . )
The Robots , which have a limited life span , are supposedly soulless .
Not so , claims Helena Glory , a liberal activist who marries the factory 's GM ( who envisions a utopia in which humans wo n't have to do any work ) .
At Helena 's urging , R.U.R.'s scientists develop Robots tricked out with extra humanity ... at which point they rise up and exterminate humankind .
In an epilogue , Alquist , R.U.R.'s construction engineer and the last surviving human , give his blessing to two new - model Robots , Primus and Helena , who have discovered love .
Warning them to avoid the sins that destroyed his own species , Alquist sends them forth to be fruitful and multiply .
Fun fact :
The term robot , coined by Čapek 's brother , Josef , comes from the Czech for " serf labor . "
READ IT | R.U.R. IMAGES
Advertisement
3 ) Thea von Harbou , Metropolis ( 1926 ; in translation , 1927 ) .
Set in a dystopian city - state , this Expressionist novel asks us to imagine a perverse synthesis of the era 's seminal dichotomy : Henry Adams 's dynamo - vs. - virgin question .
Metropolis's Pharaonic master , Joh Fredersen , deplores those weaknesses that make his dehumanized laborers ( they wear standard uniforms , and answer to numbers ) inferior to machines .
So he orders the mad inventor - magician , Rotwang , to build him " machine men . "
Instead , Rotwang constructs an alluring female - shaped machine whom he names Parody , or Futura : " The being was , indubitably , a woman ...
But , although it was a woman , it was not human .
The body seemed as though made of crystal , through which the bones shone silver . "
After rendering Futura 's face in the exact likeness of Maria ( a flesh - and - blood woman who is both the conscience of the rebellious workers and the object of Fredersen 's pinko son's affection ) , the villainous technocrats program their synthetic Virgin / Dynamo to act as an agent provocateuse .
The workers revolt , and Futura / Maria is destroyed .
But in the end , the Virgin ( sentimental religiosity ) triumphs over the Dynamo ( technology - driven development ) .
Hooray ?
Fun fact : Von Harbou and her husband , film director Fritz Lang , developed the scenario for Metropolis , then she wrote the novelization while he directed the brilliant 1927 movie .
LEARN MORE | READ IT
4 ) Frigyes Karinthy , Voyage to Faremido : Gulliver 's Fifth Voyage ( Utazás Faremidóba ; Gulliver ötödik útj , 1916 ; in translation , 1965 ) .
It 's 1914 , and Jonathan Swift 's Lemuel Gulliver is eager to go to sea again .
He signs on as a surgeon on a British ship , only to be torpedoed in the Baltic , then picked up by a UFO and transported to Faremido , a planet ruled by intelligent machine - folk .
They regard organic life as a loathsome disease of matter , so they 're tickled about the Great War , which looks likely to exterminate humankind .
Agreeing that the Faremidoans ( whose society is peaceful , and whose fa - re - mi - do language is musical ) are superior beings , Gulliver accepts an injection of their own brain - matter - quicksilver and minerals - into his head .
Now a proto- cyborg himself , Gulliver is sent back to England , where he finds it difficult to adjust to the irrational horrors of everyday life .
Fun fact :
The sequel to this Hungarian novella is Capillária ( 1921 ) , in which Gulliver gains insight into sexual politics when he visits a submarine civilization whose women dominate and eat their menfolk .
Also see Karinthy 's recently reissued autobiographical novel , A Journey Round My Skull .
BUY IT | READ IT ( HUNGARIAN )
Advertisement
Advertisement
5 ) S. Fowler Wright , " Automata : I - III " ( Weird Tales , September 1929 ) .
The first episode of this three - part series - by the British author of The Amphibians , Deluge , and Dawn - is set in the present or near future .
Addressing the British Association for the Advancement of Science , the distinguished scientist Dr. Tilwin announces that humankind 's prerogatives will soon be taken over by machines , which are already superior to us in certain ways .
Intelligent machines are omnipresent in the second episode , set at some point after the 20th century .
By this time , human procreation has almost stopped ( Wright , a would - be Wellsian social prophet , was a fierce critic of birth control ) and children are increasingly rare .
In the final episode , one of the last humans on Earth is drawing a picture - one of the few tasks that machines can't perform , because it requires imagination .
Alas , because he does n't properly finish his assignment , he is condemned to be executed .
Fun facts : Robots did n't come hardwired with systems of ethics until Isaac Asimov and John W. Campbell made it so in the ' 40s .
Also , Wright translated Dante 's Inferno and Purgatorio .
ABOUT SFW | BUY SFW BOOKS
Advertisement
6 ) Jean de La Hire , The Nyctalope on Mars ( Le Mystère des XV , 1911 ) .
Léo Saint - Clair , alias the Nyctalope , is an indomitable Doc Savage - style crimefighter gifted with night vision .
As we learn somewhat late in the series , he 's also equipped with an artificial heart , which he gained after being tortured and nearly assassinated , and which prevents him from aging .
In this , the first of a series of exploits published through the mid-1940s , the Nyctalope - pictured at left , in a different adventure - battles Oxus , leader of the sinister Society of the Fifteen , who is plotting to conquer Earth from his secret base on Mars .
Later , however , he allies himself with Oxus and the planet 's benign inhabitants in order to defeat H. G. Wells ' evil Martians .
Then he gets married .
Phew !
In subsequent SF adventures , the Nyctalope will travel to the planet Rhea , where he 'll end a war between the day - and night - siders ; discover a lost civilization of Amazons in Tibet ; and have himself cryopreserved so that , 170 years later , he can defeat an enemy who has also been frozen ( hello , Demolition Man and Austin Powers ) .
A pioneering pulp superhero and cyborg .
Fun fact : Nyctalopia is a real medical condition that causes you to see poorly - or well - in the dark .
LEARN MORE | BUY THE 2008 ENGLISH - LANGUAGE EDITION
Advertisement
7 ) Sax Rohmer , The Day the World Ended ( London and New York , 1930 ) .
Three international crimefighters - Lonergan , an American secret service agent ; Gaston Max , a dandified French police detective ; and Brian Woodville , an English journalist - are investigating a series of strange events : radio silence in the USA , reports of man-bats in the Black Forest , the sudden death of everyone in a French village .
It turns out that Anubis , a dwarfish evil genius , is plotting to establish a utopian society populated by surgically altered and highly conditioned humans ( i.e. , androids ) .
How ?
By destroying the rest of the Earth 's population with a sonic weapon .
The trio infiltrate Anubis 's German castle , populated by 7 - foot - tall guards and " soulless " houris - hello , Westworld and Stepford Wives - and call in an air strike .
Fun fact : Rohmer was best known for his ( racist ) thrillers about Dr. Fu Manchu .
BUY IT | ABOUT ROHMER | READ ROHMER |
Advertisement
8 ) Neil R. Jones , " The Jameson Satellite " ( Amazing Stories , July 1931 ) .
In 1958 , Professor Jameson arranges for his body to be cryopreserved - in a rocket orbiting the Earth - after he 's dead .
Forty million years later , a crew hailing from the planet Zor , whose inhabitants had " built their own mechanical bodies , and by operation upon one another had removed their brains to the metal heads from which they directed the functions and movements of their inorganic anatomies , " discover the satellite .
The Zoromes transfer Jameson 's brain into a machine body , then take him to visit the lifeless Earth , an experience that nearly drives him mad , until he realizes that " He could be immortal if he wished !
It would be an immortality of never - ending adventures in the vast , endless Universe among the galaxy of stars and planets . "
Indeed , Jones would publish 21 more " Professor Jameson " stories ; cover illustration for 2d installment , at left .
Fun fact : Isaac Asimov claimed the Zoromes , who are thoroughly objective , gave him his " feeling for benevolent robots who could serve man with decency . "
READ IT | BUY THE BOOKS
Advertisement
9 ) Gaston Leroux , The Machine to Kill ( 1924 as Le machine à assassiner ; 1935 translation ) .
France 's top police detective , Lebouc , is on the trail of a human - looking mechanical man ( pictured at left ) whose skull houses the brain of Benedict Masson , a guillotined murderer .
Animated with radioactive serum , the cyborg - named Gabriel by its creator , a clockwork expert named Norbert - has carried off Norbert 's daughter , Christine .
She 's the one who witnessed Benedict burying a corpse in his basement ... so does Gabriel / Benedict want revenge ?
And what 's with the Hindu vampire cult that kidnaps Christine - did they commit the murders for which Benedict died ?
G/B is captured by Lebouc , but escapes and rescues Christine from the cultists before destroying itself by leaping into a river .
The End ?
No !
Christine , who has fallen in love with the cyborg , reassembles G/ B's remains , and prepares to reanimate it ... only to discover that her husband has destroyed its brain .
Fun fact : Leroux is best known for his 1910 horror tale , Le Fantôme de l'Opéra , on which the movies and Broadway show are based .
READ IT ( FRENCH ) | MORE LEROUX
Advertisement
10 ) W.K. Mashburn , " Sola " ( Weird Tales , April 1930 ) .
Though he despises women and can't stand their company , Dr. Franz Dietrich desires them sexually .
So he invents a flesh - like substance , which a sculptor helps him shape into a gorgeous female android .
Having wired Sola with complex responses - the apparatus is supposed to react in particular ways , immediately upon perceiving his telepathically projected emotions - the mad scientist invites a group of colleagues over to dinner .
Growing tipsy , Dietrich flies into an embarrassed fury , because he thinks Sola is unresponsive , and tries to destroy it .
But his colleagues - and eventually , the entire town - pitch in to raise his self - esteem by treating Sola as a member of the community .
Oh wait , I 'm thinking of Lars and the Real Girl .
What actually happens is that Sola 's emotion receptors are activated by the professor 's rage , and his own creation crushes him to death .
A classic example of what McLuhan - in The Mechanical Bride ( 1951 ) - would call " the curious fusion of sex , technology , and death . "
Joshua Glenn is a Boston - based freelance journalist and independent scholar , who writes frequently about science fiction .
His most recent book is The Idler 's Glossary .
Advertisement
ALSO OF INTEREST
NINETEENTH CENTURY
* E.T.A. Hoffmann , Der Sandmann ( 1814 ) - lifelike clockwork
* Mary Shelley , Frankenstein ( 1818 ) - human , assembled and reanimated
* Edgar Allan Poe , " Maelzel 's Chess Player " ( 1836 ) - Poe disputes machine intelligence
* Edgar Allan Poe , " The Man That Was Used Up " ( 1843 ) - human , artificial body
* Nathaniel Hawthorne , " The Artist of the Beautiful " ( 1844 ) - mechanical butterfly
* Herman Melville , " The Bell Tower " ( 1855 ) - automaton bell - ringer comes to life ?
* Edward S. Ellis , The Steam Man of the Prairies ( 1865 ) - man -shaped engine
* H. D. Jenkins , " The Automaton of Dobello " ( 1872 ) - 14th - century automaton as ghost
* Julian Hawthorne , " An Automatic Enigma " ( 1878 ) - human disguised as automaton
* E.P. Mitchell , " The Ablest Man in the World " ( 1879 ) - Babbage 's analytical engine in head ; first cyborg ?
* Jacques Offenbach , The Tales of Hoffmann ( 1881 ) - lifelike clockwork
* Don Quichotte , " The Artificial Man : A Semi-Scientific Story " ( 1884 ) - human , artificially grown
* Luis Senarens , Frank Reade and His Electric Man ( 1885 ) - electricity - powered mecha ?
* Auguste Villiers de l'Isle - Adam , Tomorrow 's Eve ( 1886 ) - popularized " android "
* Howard Fielding , " Automatic Bridget " ( 1889 ) - robot housemaid amuck
* Cyrus Cole , The Auroraphone ( 1890 ) - humanoid " dummies " rebel
* William Douglas O'Connor , " The Brazen Android " ( w. 1857 , p. 1891 ) - steam - powered mecha ?
First steampunk ?
* Jerome K. Jerome , " The Dancing Partner " ( 1893 ) - dancing robot amuck
* M.L. Campbell , " The Automatic Maid - of - All - Work " ( 1893 ) - robot housemaid amuck
* G.H.P. , The Artificial Mother : A Marital Fantasy ( 1894 ) - robot nursemaid amuck
* Elizabeth Bellamy , " Ely 's Automatic Housemaid " ( 1899 ) - robot housemaids amuck
Advertisement
THE NINETEEN - OUGHTS ( 1904 - 13 ) :
* H.P. Fitzgerald Marriott , The Iron Detective of Germany : A Comedy of the Near Future ( 1908 )
* Ambrose Bierce , " Moxon 's Master " ( 1909 )
* Henry A. Hering , " Mr. Broadbent 's Information " ( 1909 )
* Charles Hannan , The Electric Man ( 1910 )
* Edgar Rice Burroughs , The Monster Men ( 1913 , 1929 )
Advertisement
THE TEENS ( 1914 - 23 ) :
* L. Frank Baum , Tik - Tok of Oz ( 1914 )
* Perley Poore Sheehan & Robert H. Davis , Blood and Iron ( 1917 )
* Jean de La Hire , Lucifer ( 1921 - 22 )
* Jean de La Hire , Le Roi de la Nuit ( 1923 )
* E.V. Odle , The Clockwork Man ( 1923 )
Advertisement
THE TWENTIES ( 1924-33 ) :
* John Lionel Tayler , The Last of My Race ( 1924 )
* Jean de La Hire , L'Amazone du Mont Everest ( 1925 )
* Ivan Narodny , The Skygirl , A Mimodrama ( 1925 )
* Edmond Hamilton , Across Space ( 1926 )
* Edmond Hamilton , The Metal Giants ( 1926 )
* Jean de La Hire , L'Antéchrist ( 1927 )
* Maurice Renard & Albert Jean , Blind Circle ( 1925 )
* David H. Keller , " The Psychophonic Nurse " ( 1928 )
* Edmond Hamilton , The Comet Doom ( 1928 )
* Amelia Reynolds Long , " The Twin Soul " ( 1928 )
* Francis Flagg , The Chemical Brain ( 1929 )
* Jean de La Hire , Titania ( 1929 )
* Stephen Leacock , " The Iron Man and the Tin Woman " ( 1929 )
* William Salisbury , The Squareheads ( 1929 )
* Jean de La Hire , Belzébuth ( 1930 )
* Otis Adelbert Kline , The Prince of Peril ( 1930 )
* Ainslee Jenkins , " Men of Steel " ( 1930 )
* Abner J. Gelula , " Automaton " ( 1931 )
* Aldous Huxley , Brave New World ( 1932 ) - maybe
* Jean de La Hire , Gorillard ( 1932 )
* John Wyndham , " The Lost Machine " ( 1932 )
* David H. Keller , Revolt of the Pedestrians ( 1932 )
* Neil R. Jones , " The Planet of the Double Sun " ( 1932 )
* Neil R. Jones , " The Return of the Tripeds " ( 1932 )
* Jean de La Hire , L'Assassinat du Nyctalope ( 1933 )
* Jean de La Hire , Les Mystères de Lyon ( 1933 )
* Neil R. Jones , " Into the Hydrosphere " ( 1933 )
* Neil R. Jones , " Time 's Mausoleum " ( 1933 )
* J. Storer Clouston , Button Brains ( 1933 )
Advertisement
PLUS :
* Gustave Le Rouge & Gustave Guitton , The Billionaire 's Conspiracy ( 1899 - 1900 )
* Harle Oren Cummins , " The Man Who Made a Man " ( 1902 )
* Harl Vincent , " Rex " ( 1934 )
* A. Merritt , " The Last Poet and the Robots " ( 1934 )
Not included : myths ( the Golem , Pygmalion ) or fantasies ( L. Frank Baum 's Tin Man ) where no attempt at achieving scientific verisimilitude , however feeble , is made .
Also : I have mostly left automatons ( or mecha ) - defined as mechanical apparatuses programmed or devised to do certain operations that rely on control from outside ; no possibility of independent action - off this list .
Advertisement
FOR FURTHER READING :
You can read my previous posts about Pre-Golden Age science fiction here .
この記事へ のTrackBack URL ※言及リンクのないトラックバックは受信されません。
×
この広告は180日以上新しい記事の投稿がないブログに表示されております。
This is probably one of the scariest videos I 've seen :
The spread of Walmart .
It may just be the slimy green , but it looks like an outbreak movie where everyone dies .
The first Wal - Mart , called Wal - Mart Discount City , opened in Rogers , Arkansas , in July 2 , 1962 .
Five years later , the company already had 24 stores in Arkansas alone .
By May 1971 , Wal - Mart had already propagated to five states .
From there , the growth was just explosive , eating the country from its heart .
In 1975 they took Texas , upping the number of stors to 125 .
Advertisement
A decade later in 1987 , boom , 1,198 stores were spewing out everything from clothes to electronics to movies to music to toys all through the US .
Soon , the epidemic ran into the rest of the world and in 2005 , they already had 3,800 stores in the US and 2,800 all across the world , with 1.6 million employees and mainframe systems as big as the Death Star , permanently cross-tabulating and linking providers , stores , and customers ' data to optimize their sales and distribution flows .
But that was all well known .
Seeing it animated , however , is a completely different story .
Where 's Dustin Hoffman and Rene Russo when you need them ( specially Rene ) .
Check out the zoomable interactive version here . [ < a href= " " >
Flowingdata and Wikipedia via Dark Roasted Blend ]
Two nurses from the Fabeltjesland daycare walk outside a crisis centre set up in Dendermonde , near Brussels , after the attacks on Friday .
(( John Thys / AFP / Getty ) )
The injured victims of a stabbing rampage that killed three people at a daycare outside of Brussels were in stable condition in hospital , officials said Friday evening .
A man with a black - and white - painted face entered a daycare outside Brussels Friday morning and stabbed to death two children and an adult , police said .
Police said the suspect , identified only as a 20 - year - old man , rode a bicycle to the Fabeltjesland daycare in the small town of Dendermonde in western Belgium around 10 a.m. local time .
Prosecutor Christian Du Four said the man found the daycare unlocked and went inside after he arrived on his bike .
" After he entered he started slashing at everyone he ran into … the daycare workers , the children , " Du Four told a news conference .
Police said the suspect entered a room in the daycare where babies were sleeping and stabbed them with a 20 - centimetre knife as staff members tried to stop him .
He then moved to a second room and stabbed several more infants , police said .
Emergency surgeries
Two children aged three or younger were killed along with a female staff member .
Ten other children and two adult staff members were rushed to six area hospitals , where emergency procedures were performed .
Dr. Ignace Demeyer , head of emergency services at Our Lady Hospital in nearby Aalst , said the children arrived at his hospital with serious stab wounds .
" This was a particularly violent attack , " Demeyer said .
" All the kids had multiple stab wounds on their legs , arms , and all over their bodies . "
Nine of the 21 children at the daycare were unharmed , officials said .
All of the victims who were wounded in the attack were in stable condition by Friday night , Demeyer said .
Horrific scene
Peter Claymens , the director of the Dendermonde Ambulance Centre , said the scene at the daycare was horrific .
" It was a disaster .
All the children were lying down on the ground , bleeding , in the neck , in the stomach , everywhere , " he said .
Anguished parents gathered outside the daycare as police showed them digital pictures of the injured so they could identify the children .
The suspect reportedly left the daycare and bicycled several kilometres before he was caught and arrested by police in a grocery store .
Witnesses said police arrested a tall , thin , red - haired man wearing a bullet - proof jacket .
His eyes were painted with black makeup and the rest of his face was white , they said .
Some residents told the Associated Press the suspect is a local man who has a history of mental illness .
Officials have refused to confirm reports that the man had a psychiatric disorder .
But police said the suspect behaved as if he was in a stupor when he was arrested .
He does not have a criminal record , Du Four said .
The man was questioned by police on Friday and was expected to appear in court Friday night or Saturday morning , officials said .
" An act of great brutality has happened here against our weakest citizens , " said Dendermonde Mayor Piet Buyse .
The small town is about 30 km northwest of Brussels .
Police say they have no motive for the attack .
' Totally in shock '
Officials opened up a nearby community centre to provide psychological counselling to family members and witnesses on Friday .
Crown Prince Philippe and his wife , Princess Mathilde , also met with relatives of the victims and first aid workers .
" People are totally in shock , " said Leene Du Bois , a spokeswoman for the regional government of Flanders .
" Nobody would have imagined anyone could do so much harm .
There is much grief . "
" [ It 's ] something you hear about from America , not here , " said area bakery owner Bie Hoornaert .
Du Bois said the suspect is not believed to have a connection to the daycare centre .
Veerle Heeren , social welfare minister for the regional Flemish government , said she would be investigating security measures at the centre .
SACRAMENTO , Dec. 31 ( UPI ) -- California 's head wildfire fighter says the state is considering a radical change that would train residents in fire zones to pitch in rather than evacuate .
Ruben Grijalva , director of the California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection , told the Los Angeles Times the idea is based on Australia 's " stay - and - fight " policy in which homeowners help man the fire lines when flames approach their neighborhoods .
Advertisement
The goal in Australia is to prevent flying embers from igniting structures , the Times said .
" You 'll start seeing pilot programs of what they do in Australia , with some modifications in California -- huge education programs , " Grijalva said .
The proposal is being considered as California wraps up a costly fire season that consumed 1.4 million acres and more than $ 1 billion in firefighting costs .
" The solution is not just more fire engines and more airplanes , " said Grijalva .
I 've often found myself wanting to store passwords for other web services ( e.g. maillist managers , IMAP accounts , IM accounts etc ) for use by a web application , but have not wanted to hard - code them in settings.py or store them as plaintext in the database .
This uses the pycrypto library to encrypt each bit of information using the concatenation of a salt value and the SECRET_KEY value from your settings.py , hopefully leading to a bit more security and flexibility .
You 'll probably want to add some views to let people edit these things as I can't find a way to make the admin interface play nicely with it .
Example usage :
We 've seen Dynamic Towers , the planned condo skyscraper in Dubai where every floor rotates independently .
But according to The Economist , this Jetsons - esque way of living could become the next big thing in luxury housing .
Advertisement
Companies all over the world , not only from Dubai , but also Nevada and Brazil , are beginning to develop their own way of creating both houses and towers that have the ability to rotate ( generally 360 degrees / hour ) .
Custom contractors are building homes on a one - off basis out in California , while Brazilian developer is wrapping up their Suite Vollard , where the 11 flats will sell for $ 550,000 .
They also have deals to develop in Canada , Japan , Portugal , the US and the UAE .
Advertisement
Apparently , the big issue in the past with building houses like these came down to plumbing .
Now contractors and plumbers are working around those limitations with rubber hoses , rounded half pipes , or just leaving all that stuff in a stationary center column .
The custom houses built in California only use between 370 watts and 1 kilowatt of power for every hour the house was rotating .
These houses also have an interesting way of delivering power : there 's a metal brush on the that sweeps against a metal ring connected to a power supply inside the anchored base .
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
In any case , while the idea of rotating houses may not be entirely new , the prospect of them becoming somewhat commonplace is .
[ The Economist ]
Does Xenu know no shame ?
The Church of Scientology , which is neither church or science , have obtained the medical records of protesters who have demonstrated against the cult and , after finding out that two of the regular protesters are HIV positive , are seeking a public ordinance that would prevent further protests because they would pose a health risk to cult members .
Because it ’s a well established fact that HIV is transmissible only through loud chanting and speeches given on bullhorns .
Boston ’s Edge Magazine explains :
“ Worldwide pickets against Scientology have surged in the last year , and Scientology has been fighting to stop them , especially near the Hemet compound .
According to the protesters , Scientology has used tactics ranging from physical attacks , false reports to police , and the emission of a loud organ note from loudspeakers in an attempt to drown out the protesters ’ chants .
Attorney Graham Berry and activists who call themselves “ Angry Gay Pope ” ( AGP ) and “ Happy Smurf ” ( a former Scientologist ) are openly gay .
Scientology , which policy states that homosexuals are “ low on the tone scale ” and should be “ disposed of quietly and without sorrow , ” has obtained AGP and Happy Smurf ’s private records and discovered that they are HIV positive .
Scientology is lobbying for the passage of a county - wide ordinance in Riverside County that would result in restricting protesting at “ Gold Base . ”
Scientology lawyers are advocating that the presence of the two HIV - positive men presents a threat to the well - being of the alleged 500 workers at the Base , and is seeking to restrict protests . “
And here ’s a video of a “ Gold Base ” protest .
The tone in the background is the Church pumping noise out on speakers to drown out protesters .
You probably have n't heard of Johanna ter Steege , even if the legendary American film - maker Stanley Kubrick once called her the best actress he knew .
Ter Steege , who was born in 1961 , has had a reasonably successful career , appearing in such films as George Sluizer 's The Vanishing ( 1988 ) , Istvan Szabo's Sweet Emma , Dear Boebe ( 1992 ) , and Bruce Beresford 's Paradise Road ( 1997 ) but she is hardly a household name , even in her native Holland .
It could all have been so very , very different .
The actress chuckles as she remembers the circumstances in the early 1990s when she was summoned over to St Albans to meet Kubrick .
He wanted her to play the lead in his " Holocaust " film , The Aryan Papers , which he was planning to adapt from Louis Begley 's semi-autobiographical novel , Wartime Lies .
If the film had been made , she would have become a huge international star .
" He [ Kubrick ] was convinced that he had found an actress whose performance would catapult a new star to the forefront of international stardom and give this dark and serious film the needed ' gloss ' , " Kubrick 's brother - in - law and producer Jan Harlan has said of Ter Steege .
He believes that it was " devastating " for her that the film was n't made .
" It 's like a young musician getting his first Carnegie Hall [ concert ] and then being told you can't do it .
It must be terrible , after you 've prepared yourself for months and months . "
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The movie may have been abandoned but audiences will at least have the chance to experience the " ghost " of The Aryan Papers through a new installation by the Turner Prize - nominated artists Jane and Louise Wilson , which will be shown as part of next month 's Stanley Kubrick season at BFI Southbank .
The Wilson sisters have scoured the Kubrick archives for stills and information about the movie , poring over wardrobe research stills and period stills .
As Jan Harlan reveals , Kubrick had been trying to make a Holocaust - themed drama for more than 20 years .
It was a daunting challenge – how do you condense one of the most horrific episodes of the 20th century into a two - hour dramatic feature ?
Kubrick had no desire to make a documentary .
At one stage , he had considered making a film set in the German film industry of the Nazi era , as propaganda chief Joseph Goebbels was pulling the strings .
However , he could n't find a story or script that satisfied him .
When Harlan approached the novelist Isaac Bashevis Singer on Kubrick 's behalf to ask him to write an original , Holocaust - themed screenplay in the 1980s , Singer responded : " I do n't know the first thing about it . "
What Singer inferred was that an outsider could n't begin to do justice to the Holocaust .
This was certainly a subject too challenging for a film - maker – even one as brilliant as Kubrick – to have any chance of interpreting in a meaningful way in a dramatic movie .
Chastened by Singer 's remark , Kubrick continued to do a huge amount of research .
Eventually , in Begley 's novel ( published in 1991 ) , he found a book that was both intimate and authoritative .
" It 's a big , risky topic , " Harlan says today of Kubrick 's screenplay for The Aryan Papers .
" It is not a drama that is over - the - top and has lots of action .
It is a very silent film , a very serious film .
The tension is in this horrendous , low valley of humanity that existed because of the Nazis . "
The role of Aunt Tania in Wartime Lies would have been extremely demanding .
Ter Steege was to play a beautiful and acerbic Polish - Jewish woman who helps her young nephew Maciek escape the Nazis by pretending to be Catholic .
" He [ Kubrick ] phoned me .
We talked for 30 minutes on the phone .
He asked me several questions about the films I had done – very specific questions , " the actress recalls of her first talk with the film - maker .
He had seen her films several times and was in deadly earnest about casting her .
Ter Steege was summoned over to England to meet Kubrick for a screen test .
Bizarrely , during their first meeting , Kubrick asked her questions about sport and about Richard Krajicek , the Dutch tennis player .
He was cordial and polite : very different from his reputation as a Prospero - like hermit .
" He was very , very interested in who you were .
He was interested in me as a human being , not as an actress .
He asked me political questions .
We talked about acting .
He asked me about the Germans – how I related to the Germans . "
The blonde Dutch actress , who grew up on a farm , had relatives who had been part of the Dutch resistance .
She knew many stories : that her grandparents hid Jewish refugees from the Nazis ; that her uncle had to flee the Germans .
She was n't Jewish herself but there was enough in her family experience for her to understand a character like Aunt Tania .
Ter Steege recalls that she was first embarrassed and then grew angry when Kubrick kept on telling her she was the best actress he knew .
" I said : ' Stanley , that 's not true . '
Then he said it again .
Then I said : ' I really do n't like it when you say that .
First of all , it 's not true and I always say that I am as good as my director .
If you tell me I am the best actress you know , you give me a huge responsibility which I can't bear . ' "
In hindsight , she thinks that Kubrick was testing her .
The flattery was designed to make her feel uncomfortable .
" I think he liked it when I got a little bit angry .
I felt that he was studying everything I did or said .
I remember that he was studying the movements of my hands while we were talking . "
They met in the kitchen of Jan Harlan 's house .
Ter Steege had deliberately taken a seat with her back to the windows .
" I thought , when he comes in , my face will be in the shadows .
I will be able to see him first .
He came into the kitchen and said hello .
The second thing he said was : ' Can you take another chair ? '
He put me in the light . "
Kubrick filmed her with different lenses as he asked her questions about her childhood and earlier youth .
" Sometimes he used lenses that made look very , very young and sometimes lenses which made me look old .
In a way , we were working . "
Late in the evening , Kubrick stopped filming and said to her , " Let 's open a bottle of champagne because you 've got the part . "
In Ter Steege , Kubrick had seemingly found a muse for what would have been his most daring and contentious feature .
The director was in great earnest about making the film .
Although he was famously reclusive , Kubrick was prepared to leave England to shoot in Eastern Europe .
" He [ Kubrick ] would very reluctantly have moved himself to Bratislava and to Brno .
He would n't have liked that but it was no pain , no gain in this case .
There was no way you could have done these locations in England , " says Harlan .
Kubrick had studied the early episodes of Edgar Reitz 's Heimat in detail for ideas for the look of the film .
He had even hired Reitz 's art director .
As preparations got under way , the leading actress was sworn to secrecy .
Back in Holland , Ter Steege waited patiently .
She was told that production would begin in three or four months ' time .
Nothing happened .
Harlan called her regularly , telling her that shooting was postponed but not to worry .
She did n't take other jobs .
Then , after seven months , she was informed that Kubrick had decided not to make the film .
News had filtered through of Steven Spielberg 's plans for Schindler 's List .
Kubrick and the top brass at Warner Brothers were worried that The Aryan Papers would suffer commercially if it appeared after Spielberg 's movie .
It was widely accepted that the box office for his earlier Vietnam war - themed feature Full Metal Jacket had been affected by appearing after Oliver Stone 's Platoon .
Kubrick did n't want to suffer the same experience twice .
The audience , he feared , would n't countenance two Holocaust films at the same time .
Ter Steege reacted to the bad news by spending two days in bed with " my head under the blankets . "
For years , she would n't talk about it .
Only now , with the Wilson sisters making their installation Unfolding the Aryan Papers , has she agreed to discuss it .
She remains in contact with Harlan and with Kubrick 's family .
A few years after Kubrick 's death , when she was appearing as Countess Geschwitz at the Almeida Theatre in a Jonathan Kent production of Franz Wedekind 's Lulu , she was invited with her husband and daughter for Easter at Kubrick 's house .
" I remember my daughter searching for chocolate eggs near Stanley 's grave because he is buried in the garden . "
The actress was told by Kubrick 's widow , Christiane Kubrick , that Kubrick had grown very depressed " because of all the research he did " for The Aryan Papers .
" We know that he [ Kubrick ] was a perfectionist .
We also know the dangerous thing for a perfectionist is that , at a certain point , he comes to a zero , " Ter Steege speculates as to other reasons why the film was never made .
Harlan has suggested that Kubrick felt a measure of relief that the film did n't happen .
It remains conceivable that The Aryan Papers project might be resurrected by another director .
Warner Brothers hold the rights .
Harlan insists that the family would have no objections to a new film version , as long as a capable director takes on the job .
" It would have to be really a good director .
In the wrong hands , this would become a very cheap movie .
But if Ang Lee wanted to do it , I would jump to the ceiling ! "
Fifteen years after The Aryan Papers was abandoned , Ter Steege is still working as an actress .
This month , she can be seen at the Rotterdam Festival in The Last Conversation , a single - shot , feature - length drama , entirely set in a car , about a jilted mistress making one last phone call to her married lover .
When she looks back on the Kubrick film that never was , she can't quite hide the frustration .
When Kubrick was preparing The Aryan Papers , top Hollywood agents were courting her .
When the film did n't happen , they melted away .
The offers which would surely have come her way as star of a Kubrick film failed to materialise .
" What can I say ? " the actress asks .
" I do n't regret what happened .
I still feel it as a huge compliment .
It was a wonderful experience .
The ending was very painful .
There was a huge future ... then it felt like a huge balloon was suddenly burst .
Then , that 's it .
You have to go on .
Not for the first time in my life , I realised that personal happiness has nothing to do with success . "
' Unfolding the Aryan Papers ' , the installation by Jane & Louise Wilson , is at BFI Southbank Gallery , London SE1 ( 020-7928 3232 ) from 13 February to 19 April ; a Kubrick film season runs at the BFI from 30 January to 28 February
The Kubrick legacy : Four not to miss
Barry Lyndon
This was one Kubrick movie that failed at the box office .
A lengthy , slow - moving costume drama , based on a Thackeray novel , it somehow did n't catch audiences ' imaginations but it now seems like one of its director 's great achievements .
As he tells the story of an Irish rogue on the make ( played by Ryan O'Neal ) , Kubrick combines exquisite craftsmanship with bawdy humour .
There is also the most devastating moment in any Kubrick film – a death of a child – that makes the criticism that the film is aloof and emotionally frozen seem absurd .
Paths of Glory
Kubrick 's anti-war film is driven by Kirk Douglas 's impassioned performance as the idealistic French officer appalled by the behaviour of his superiors , who are ready to sacrifice their own soldiers and brand them cowards rather than lose face .
The Killing
An exemplary film noir , leaner and less portentous than some of the director 's more self - conscious later efforts , ' The Killing ' is about a heist at a race course .
The thieves ' ingenuity is matched by that of the film - maker telling their story .
Dr Strangelove
So much to savour : the extraordinary production design by Ken Adam , Peter Sellers 's virtuoso performances , the trenchant Cold War satire and the unlikely beauty of the imagery ( for example , Slim Pickens riding the bomb to oblivion ) .
A WOMAN whose boyfriend filmed them having sex and tried to distribute the tape to her friends , family and employer has been awarded $ 40,000 damages for " breach of confidence " in an Australian first .
In a judgement that has implications for how the media handles privacy issues , Victoria 's Court of Appeal found that Justice Bill Gillard had erred by dismissing Alla Giller 's claim for damages against her former de facto partner Boris Procopets because she had suffered distress but not psychiatric injury .
In one instance , Mr Procopets took a tape to the home of an elderly woman , the mother of a friend of Ms Giller , and returned with a video recorder when she said she did n't have one .
The woman watched the tape for a couple of minutes but demanded Mr Procopets leave when she saw that it showed explicit sex .
I mentioned last October that W3C is redesigning key pages of its site , including the home page .
Love in the air , Karl Dubost waxed the other day .
I am managing this project and have enlisted Airbag Industries to design the templates .
A number of Web designers ( including some people on staff ) are reviewing design ideas and draft information architecture .
We have a ways to go , but I am confident that the effort will result in a much improved site .
Here ’s where we stand :
Airbag Industries has delivered templates .
On 24 June in Boston , Ethan Marcotte will give a talk at An Event Apart .
I believe he will share some of the novel ideas that emerged from this project .
He may give a sneak preview of what some pages will look like .
The information architecture is stabilizing .
We are still working out relationships among pages related to technical reports .
Today , the technical reports home page is an unsightly list .
The new site will feature higher - level explanations of technology and will make it easier to find related information ( tutorials , translations , business cases , and more ) .
It will be easier to understand which specifications to use or not use , and how they relate .
The additional information should help more people understand the big picture , but quick links will give frequent users direct access to resources such as specifications or group home pages .
To answer Anne ’s question : we are also planning to simplify the technical reports themselves , by moving some of the front matter one link away , so you can plunge right into the spec .
I do want to point out that this project does not include a redesign of Working Group home pages ; we ’ve saved that for later .
We have just started the implementation phase and are evaluating content management options that fit with our current publishing practices ( including software and social expectations ) .
I would like to have a beta version available in September .
We will need content for the new “ technology home pages . ”
Although we have not finalized the template for these pages , I expect they will resemble the Guías Breves ( “ Quick Guides ” ) ( see , for example , the guide on accessibility ) created by the W3C Spain Office .
Please contact me if you are interested in writing introductory material about any W3C technologies .
Or , if you have written material already , we can link to it from the new site ; send me the URI .
I will invite feedback more broadly when we announce the beta site .
I also expect to blog about some of the choices we have faced in this process ( for example , on how the templates behave on text resize or browser window changes ) .
I should also write up notes about the tool that I wrote to experiment with information architecture .
It uses Semantic Web technology ( n3 with rules ) and XSLT 2 to generate a demo site from a set of page and menu descriptions .
Cease your rescue attempts !
Harvest my connective tissues so that the Motherland may restock her glue reserves …
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
ADDIS ABABA ( Reuters ) - Ethiopia began inviting tourists to visit its dwindling elephant herd Monday as part of efforts to boost income from tourism .
The Babile wildlife sanctuary near Harar , 560 km ( 350 miles ) east of Addis Ababa , is the first in Ethiopia to offer visits specifically aimed at seeing elephants , whose numbers have been ravaged by poaching and decades of neglect .
There are around 300 in Babile , which is also home to a national symbol : the rare black - mane lion , depicted on Ethiopia ’s currency .
The government has invested heavily this year in hotels , airports and other infrastructure , hoping to boost tourism earnings by 15 percent to around $ 200 million .
Harar was an ancient trading hub and a center of Islamic scholarship in the Horn of Africa .
Developers are already at on games for a successor to Sony 's PSP , which will itself see a new iteration of hardware over the next twelve months according to rumours .
Citing unnamed publisher sources , is reporting that 2009 will see a new version of the existing hardware , although the update 's likely to be as slight as the one recently witnessed with the PSP 3000 , which offered an improved screen , built - in microphone and altered button configuration .
Details on the PSP2 are scarce , however , and despite Sony 's David Reeve ' slast week , a follow - up is somewhat inevitable given the success of the original .
Neither system specifications or a firm release window have been granted to the rumoured successor , though if claims that developer 's are already at work on software for the machine a reveal should n't be too far along the horizon .
U.S. - Iran Nuclear Negotiations in 1970s Featured Shah's Nationalism and U.S. Weapons Worries
Newly Declassified Documents Reveal Remarkable Continuity with Today's U.S. - Iran Nuclear Controversy
National Security Archive Electronic Briefing Book No. 268
Edited by William Burr
Posted - January 13 , 2009
For more information contact :
William Burr - 202/994-7032
President Gerald R. Ford and the Shah of Iran confer over a map during the Shah's May 1975 visit to Washington , D.C. Secretary of State Henry Kissinger sits in the background .
( Photo courtesy of Gerald R. Ford Presidential Library )
Washington , D.C. , January 13 , 2009 - During the 1970s the Shah of Iran argued , like current Iranian leaders today , for a nuclear energy capability on the basis of national " rights , " while the Ford and Carter administrations worried about nuclear weapons possibilities , according to newly declassified documents published today by the National Security Archive for the first time .
Uranium enrichment capability is now the major point of controversy between Tehran and the world community , while during the 1970s Washington 's greatest concern was that Iran sought a capability to produce plutonium , but in both instances the implication was that a nuclear weapons option might not be far away .
The documents , obtained by the Archive through a mandatory review request , show that two U.S. presidents dealing with the Shah of Iran , Ford and Carter , put concerns over proliferation and the Shah 's possible desire to build a nuclear bomb front and center when they approved negotiating positions for a deal to sell nuclear reactors to Iran .
While Iranian officials argued then , as they do today , that Iran had " rights " under the Nuclear Nonproliferation Treaty to develop nuclear technology , the U.S. government successfully sought an agreement that put nonproliferation controls over U.S. - supplied nuclear material .
The 1979 Iranian Revolution derailed the agreement , but the approach that the Ford and Carter administrations took shows significant continuity with contemporary U.S. and world policy , which holds that Iran must not use its technological capabilities to produce nuclear weapons .
The documents contradict the 2005 claim by former Secretary of State Henry Kissinger that non-proliferation was not an issue in the 1970s negotiations ; this was a " commercial transaction , " Kissinger told The Washington Post .
The 1970s nuclear negotiations have other parallels with the current situation .
The Bush administration has raised questions about Iranian claims that its interest in a nuclear energy program are peaceful , while the declassified record indicates that U.S. policy - makers during the 1970s were also skeptical of , but ultimately willing to accept , the Shah 's similar claims , as long as a nuclear agreement with Iran restricted its freedom of action in the nuclear field .
Significantly , the Bush administration also disparages Iran 's assertion that it needs to develop alternative fuels in anticipation of the eventual decline in the country 's extensive oil reserves .
But the Shah and his government made the exact same statements in the 1970s .
The record also shows that the Shah 's regime and the current Iranian government have made the same claims that their pursuit of nuclear technology was an inherent national entitlement .
No country " has a right to dictate nuclear policy to another , " said the Shah 's chief atomic energy official in 1977 .
Among the disclosures in the new documents :
In 1974 Department of State officials wrote that if the Shah 's dictatorship collapsed and Iran became unstable , " domestic dissidents or foreign terrorists might easily be able to seize any special nuclear material stored in Iran for use in bombs . "
Moreover , " an aggressive successor to the Shah might consider nuclear weapons the final item needed to establish Iran 's complete military dominance of the region . "
According to national security adviser Brent Scowcroft , the Ford administration hoped that the Shah would commit himself to a " major act of nuclear statesmanship : namely , to set a world example by foregoing national reprocessing . "
When officials from Oak Ridge National Laboratory received briefings on the planned Esfehan Nuclear Technology Center ( ENTEC ) , they concluded that the " bears watching " because " unusually large " size of the facility " makes it theoretically possible to produce weapons - grade material ( plutonium ) " and the ENTEC plans include a " large hot lab , " the first step toward reprocessing .
Questioning U.S. efforts to restrict Tehran 's freedom of action , Iranian officials argued that " Iran should have full right to decide whether to reprocess " and the " right to effective control of the management and operation of … reprocessing facilities . "
By the summer of 1978 , Tehran and Washington had overcome differences and agreed to a nuclear pact that met U.S. concerns and the Shah 's interest in buying reactors , but the agreement closely restricted Iran 's ability to produce plutonium or any other nuclear weapons fuel using U.S. supplied material without Washington 's " agreement . "
Drawing on the new documents , National Security Archive senior analyst William Burr has written an article to give perspective to the nuclear talks : " A Brief History of U.S. - Iranian Nuclear Negotiations , " now appearing on - line in the January - February 2009 issue of The Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists .
While the documents available so far illuminate the negotiations , more needs to be learned from U.S. government files .
To a great extent the intelligence side of the story remains an unknown .
So far , the Central Intelligence Agency has denied all documents gleaned from the Archive 's mandatory review request , although they are presently under appeal .
The Iranian Nuclear Program , 1974 - 1978
Edited by William Burr
Next to a statement by the Shah disavowing an interest in reprocessing plutonium , a staffer at the Pentagon 's Office of International Security Affairs drew a little picture of a bull to express his skepticism .
( See Document 30
To provide some historical background on the current controversy over the Iranian nuclear program , National Security Archive senior analyst William Burr has written an article , " A Brief History of U.S. - Iranian Nuclear Negotiations , " now appearing in the January - February 2009 issue of The Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists .
The Iranian nuclear controversy makes it worth looking at the years before the 1979 revolution , when the Shah of Iran was setting his sights on major nuclear power investments .
Seeking a huge electrical power generating capability , Shah Mohammad Rez Pahlavi negotiated nuclear reactor deals with France and West Germany and wanted to buy eight reactors from the United States .
This nuclear power initiative overlapped with Washington 's growing concern over nuclear proliferation triggered by India 's " peaceful nuclear explosion " in May 1974 .
While the Shah had publicly disavowed a nuclear weapons capability , the Iranians declared that they had the " right " to a full nuclear fuel cycle , including reprocessing of spent fuel .
Not sure about the Shah 's ultimate purposes , neither the Ford nor the Carter administrations would sell reactors without strings attacked .
Washington policymakers tried to use the nuclear negotiations as leverage to minimize the extent to which Iran could develop any of the critical elements of a nuclear weapons capability .
The Carter administration would go further than its predecessor in attempting to reduce Iran 's freedom of action , but both Presidents insisted on the tightest controls possible over Iran 's ability to use U.S. - supplied nuclear technology and fuel for producing plutonium .
While the Iranians made nationalist arguments asserting their " rights " to reprocessing and other activities under the NPT , by the summer of 1978 , the two sides had reached an agreement , which the Iranian revolution effectively nullified .
Interestingly , former Secretary of State Henry Kissinger , who presided over the negotiations during 1974 - 1976 , has downplayed the role of proliferation during the nuclear negotiations with Iran .
In a 2005 Washington Post interview , he said that " I do n't think the issue of proliferation came up " ; " They were an allied country , and this was a commercial transaction .
We did n't address the question of them one day moving toward nuclear weapons . "
( Note 1 ) Certainly no one saw an Iranian nuclear weapons capability as a likely near - term possibility , but Kissinger and the State Department never treated the agreement as simply a " commercial " proposition .
First , Ford administration officials wondered whether the Shah of Iran would move toward a nuclear weapons option , should the regional balance of power change .
Second , Kissinger and his senior advisers would only sign off an agreement that constrained Iran 's capability to use U.S. - supplied resources for producing nuclear weapons material .
This was no less true of the Carter administration ; both Ford and Carter wanted to ensure that the terms of the agreement met U.S. nuclear nonproliferation goals .
( Note 2 )
What made the The Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists article possible is the ongoing declassification of documentation on the nuclear negotiation from the Ford and Carter administrations -- State Department and Tehran embassy cables , Defense Department papers , and White House and National Security Council memoranda and studies — that provide significant insight into the positions that Washington and Tehran took on the nuclear deal .
All of the documents cited in the footnotes of the article , as well as a few more items , are reproduced in this briefing book ( see below ) .
As rich as the documentation is , however , more needs to be learned from U.S. government files , including materials at the Ford and Carter presidential library .
For example , to a great extent the intelligence side of the story remains an unknown .
So far , the Central Intelligence Agency has denied all documents gleaned from a mandatory review request to the Department of Defense , although they are current under appeal .
Read the Documents
Documents 1a-d : The Shah's Statements on Nuclear Weapons : " Without Any Doubt "
1a : U.S. Embassy Paris cable 15305 to Department of State , " Interview with Shah , " 24 June 1974 , Unclassified
1b : U.S. Embassy Paris cable 15445 to Department of State , " Further Remarks by Shah on Nuclear Weapons , " 25 June 1974 , Unclassified
1c : U.S. Embassy Tehran cable 5192 to Department of State , " Shah 's Alleged Statement on Nuclear Weapons , " 25 June 1974 , Confidential
1d : U.S. Embassy Tehran cable 5389 to Department of State , " Iran 's Intentions in Nuclear Matters , " 1 July 1974 , Confidential
Sources : Mandatory review ( MR ) request to Department of Defense and Access to Archival Documentation ( AAD ) , National Archives and Records Administration
Not long after the Indian " peaceful nuclear explosion , " the Shah of Iran caused a flap when asked by a journalist whether Iran would have nuclear weapons : " without any doubt , and sooner than one would think . "
Iranian officials quickly denied that the Shah had said any such thing ; instead , " HIM ( His Imperial Majesty ) actually said Iran is not thinking of building nuclear weapons but may revise its policy … if other non-nuclear nations do . "
In another statement , this one to Le Monde , the Shah ridiculed the nuclear arms race , but observed that if other nations in the region acquired nuclear weapons , " then perhaps the national interests of any country at all would demand the same . "
Ambassador ( and former CIA chief ) Richard Helms was satisfied with the corrections offered by the Shah and his advisers .
In a cable to the Acting Secretary of State , Helms wrote that " I want to emphasize to you personally that there has been no change in Iran 's declared policy not to acquire nuclear weapons . "
Later in 1974 , CIA analysts suggested that under some circumstances , Iran 's declaratory policy could change .
In light of the Shah's " ambition to make Iran a power to be reckoned with , " if he " is alive in the 1980s , if Iran has a full - pledged nuclear power industry and all the facilities necessary to make nuclear weapons , and if other countries have proceeded with nuclear weapons development , we have no doubt that Iran will follow suit . "
( Note 3 )
Document 2 : Office of Assistant Secretary of Defense for International Security Affairs to Secretary of Defense , " Nuclear Energy Cooperation with Iran ( U ) – Action Memorandum , " n.d. [ Late June 1974 ] , enclosing Atomic Energy Commission and Department of State memoranda , Confidential , with handwritten note attached
Source : Mandatory Review
These memoranda provide a sense of the concerns that shaped the U.S. position throughout the nuclear negotiations with Iran .
Not only did Defense Department officials observe that the nuclear power plants sought by the Shah would provide a capability to produce hundreds of nuclear weapons , Department of State officials worried that should the Shah 's dictatorship collapse and Iran became unstable , " domestic dissidents or foreign terrorists might easily be able to seize any special nuclear material stored in Iran for use in bombs . "
Moreover , " an aggressive successor to the Shah might consider nuclear weapons the final item needed to establish Iran 's complete military dominance of the region . "
It was those concerns that made the Ford administration seek special controls to ensure that U.S. - supplied nuclear materials in Iran were safeguarded for peaceful uses only .
The agencies raised legitimate issues , but the Ford administration had ample incentive to make nuclear sales to Iran .
When the nuclear deal was first proposed the United States was heading toward a deep recession , so reactor sales would be a plus .
Moreover , just like the Nixon administration , the Ford White House saw the Shah and Iran as a critically important ally in the volatile Middle East , and not only as a source of oil , but as a major proxy in support of U.S. interests in the region .
Despite the notoriety of the Shah 's police state , the importance that Ford and Kissinger attached to a stable Iran made them willing to conciliate the Shah by keeping their eyes blind to the human rights abuses associated with the dictatorship .
For his part , the Shah sought close relations with Washington to strengthen his domestic position as well as to counter the Soviet Union , such rivals as Iraq , and radical forces in the region generally .
No puppet , the Shah was relatively impervious to U.S. importuning against oil price increases , although he recycled billions of petrodollars in arms purchases from the United States .
Indeed , the White House maintained a " green light " for arms sales to improve the balance of payments .
In light of the varied interests at stake , U.S. senior officials worked hard at cementing the relationship , to the point where Vice President Nelson Rockefeller compared " His Imperial Majesty " to Alexander the Great .
( Note 4 )
Document 3 : " The Proliferation Problem is at a Crucial Juncture "
NSC Under Secretaries Committee to Deputy Secretary of Defense et al , " US Nuclear Non-Proliferation Policy , " 4 December 1974 , enclosing Memorandum for the President from Robert S. Ingersoll , Chairman , 4 December 1974 , and NSSM 202 Study , " Executive Summary , " Secret
Source : National Archives , CIA Research Tool ( CREST )
Other priorities , including an ongoing interagency nuclear proliferation policy review , put the Iranian nuclear deal on the backburner .
The policy review completed in early December 1974 recommended an " intensified program to inhibit the further spread of independent nuclear explosives capabilities . "
Worried that inhibitions to nuclear proliferation and security guarantees were weakening , the NSC Under Secretaries recognized that it might be possible only to delay proliferation , but that even a " partially effective strategy " could serve U.S. national security policy .
Any action taken , however , had to be cooperative because the United States was beginning to lose its dominant position as a nuclear exporter .
To meet non-proliferation goals , the report called for 1 ) concerted action by nuclear industrial states to tighten controls on nuclear exports , especially to " sensitive regions " ( e.g. , Middle East ) , 2 ) intensified efforts to support the NPT and to secure treaty ratification by Japan and EEC countries , among others , 3 ) multilateral efforts to discourage further proliferation in South Asia ( e.g. , discourage further Indian tests and encourage India to place IAEA safeguards on nuclear exports ) , and 4 ) a U.S. interagency mechanism to " formulate and oversee future U.S. nonproliferation policies . "
One of the key proposals in the report was for a conference of nuclear exporters ; this was the germ of the idea of the Nuclear Suppliers Group , which has played a key role since the mid-1970s in decisions on exports of sensitive technology .
Another cooperative approach was to consider the possibility of " regional multinational plants … offering favorable terms for reprocessing services to smaller countries , " thus avoiding independent national reprocessing capabilities .
Some of the ideas in the report , for example on " peaceful nuclear explosive " ( PNEs ) , represented a compromise .
While emphasizing the need to prevent non-nuclear states from developing PNEs , which was the same as a weapons capability , some language in the report suggested that Washington should support Article V of the NPT encouraging the accessibility of " potential benefits of peaceful applications of nuclear explosions " to signatory states so that Moscow did not get an advantage in that area .
Document 4 : " Minimize Proliferation Risks "
Executive Secretary Samuel R. Gammon to Sidney Sober , Bureau of Near Eastern Affairs , and Thomas Clingan , Bureau of Oceans , International Environmental , and Scientific Affairs , " Nuclear Energy Agreement for Cooperation with Iran , " 11 December 1974 , enclosing memorandum to Secretary Kissinger from Alfred Atherton , Bureau of Near Eastern Affairs and Nelson F. Sievering , Bureau of Oceans , International Environmental , and Scientific Affairs , " Nuclear Energy Agreement for Cooperation with Iran , " 6 December 1974 , Confidential
Source : RG 59 , Record Group 59 .
Department of State Records .
Executive Secretariat Records .
Memorandums of the Executive Secretariat , 1964 - 1975 , box 11 , S/S memos - December 74
Among his other ambitions , the Shah of Iran wanted a " full - pledged nuclear power industry " to power new industries when petroleum resources began to decline .
Toward that end , the Shah negotiated the purchase of reactors and other technology with a number of nuclear exporters : France , West Germany , and the United States .
The Ford administration also encouraged the Bechtel Corporation to propose to the Shah an investment of hundreds of millions of dollars in a U.S. - based uranium enrichment plant .
On the U.S. side , the Nixon , and then the Ford , administration , wanted to initial a nuclear cooperation agreement that would set the policy conditions for the sale of eight rectors to Iran ; it could not be simply a commercial sale .
Necessarily , the Indian PNE was part of the backdrop for the negotiation and Congressional concern about nuclear proliferation had grown exponentially , especially because New Delhi had used a Canadian - supplied reactor as its source of plutonium .
These conflicting pressures led senior State Department officials to recommend a position that was not so " strong " that it would encourage the Shah to buy elsewhere , but not so " weak " that Congress would reject it .
Secretary of State Kissinger accepted the recommendation for option three , giving Washington " veto rights " so that it could insist either on " external processing and storage " of spent fuel or set standards " for internal disposition and possible construction of a multilateral reprocessing plant . "
Nevertheless , plainly irritated that his subordinates had already told Congress that the agreement would " include additional bilateral provisions that go beyond IAEA requirements , " Kissinger wanted them to explain why they had limited his freedom of action .
Documents 5a-d : National Security Study and Decision Memoranda : Balancing Proliferation Concerns and Export Interests
5a : " Report of the NSSM 219 Working Group [ , ] Nuclear Cooperation Agreement with Iran , " [ April 1975 ] , Secret
5b : U.S. Embassy Tehran cable 3437 to Department of State , " Draft Agreement on Atomic Energy , " 15 April 1975 , Secret
5 c : Deputy Secretary of State Robert Ingersoll to Assistant to the President for National Security Affairs [ Kissinger ] , " Department of State Response to NSSM 219 ( Nuclear Cooperation with Iran ) , " 18 April 1975 , Secret
5d : National Security Decision Memorandum 292 , " U.S. - Iran Nuclear Cooperation , " 22 April 1975 , signed by Henry Kissinger , Secret
5e : Secretary of Defense James R. Schlesinger to Assistant to the President for National Security Affairs , " Nuclear Cooperation Agreement with Iran : NSSM 219 , " 25 April 1975 , Secret
Source : Digital National Security Archive , Presidential Directives on National Security , Part II : From Harry Truman to George W. Bush , Jeffrey Richelson , editor .
( Except B which is AAD )
While Kissinger already had signed off on a policy position , the Iranian deal had to go through a major review so that it would have the support of all of the relevant agencies .
During the early spring of 1975 , before the Shah 's scheduled visit to the United States in May , the agencies considered possible approaches to the reactor sale , trying to secure an optimal balance between proliferation " principles and objectives " and such goals as export business and good relations with the Shah .
After reviewing a number of options , ranging from a veto over reprocessing to allowing Iran to " perform reprocessing " with adequate safeguards , the White House issued a National Security Decision Memorandum , signed by Henry Kissinger on 22 April 1975 .
While Kissinger took a flexible position on fuel supply issues , the initial negotiating position on reprocessing would be hard : " Continue to require U.S. approval for reprocessing of U.S. supplied fuel , " with the establishment of a multinational reprocessing facility an " important factor " for securing such approval .
For a fallback position , the U.S. would approve reprocessing in Iran so long as the supplier of technology and equipment was a " full and active participation in the plant , " with the possibility of U.S. participation to be held " open . "
As long as the U.S. was able to ensure additional safeguards , the possibility of a binational option was generally consistent with Richard Helms ' advice that Washington work for a tacit veto by acquiring " a voice in management decisions " in a reprocessing plant .
Document 6 : Department of State Briefing Paper , " Peaceful Nuclear Cooperation , " May 1975 , Confidential
Source : National Archives , Record Group 59 , State Department Briefing Books , box 215 , State Visit of the Shah of Iran May 15 - 18 , 1975
Records of the late April 1975 nuclear talks in Tehran are not yet available , but apparently the Shah 's representatives wanted more give on reprocessing :
If they made a " strenuous " effort to get a supplier involved in a reprocessing plant , but it did not work out , they should not be penalized .
U.S. negotiators , however , insisted that the Iranians get suppliers involved : " the added assurances against [ proliferation ] which accompany supplier involvement depend on its actually being achieved . "
The Ford administration had to take into account Congressional concerns , which strongly opposed concessions that could weaken non-proliferation and the White House could not even be sure that its fallback would satisfy the Hill .
The nuclear issue did not come up during the Shah's May visit and the negotiations would continue .
Document 7 : The Shah's Motives Are " Not Entirely Clear "
Tehran Embassy cable 5939 to State Department , " Multinational Nuclear Centers : Assessment of Iranian Attitudes toward Plutonium Reprocessing , " 17 July 1975 , Secret
Source : AAD
Deputy chief of mission ( DCM ) Jack Miklos explored the Shah 's interest in nuclear power and why Iranian officials objected to the U.S. proposal for a multinational reprocessing facility .
He did not rule out the possibility that the " interest in acquiring nuclear know - how and plutonium is , in part , motivated by the desire to preserve [ the nuclear option ] should the region 's balance of power shift toward the nuclear [ states ] . "
Whatever the Shah 's intentions were , Miklos argued that Iran wanted to develop uranium enrichment capabilities and to " possess [ its ] own fuel reprocessing facility . "
In light of those objectives , it was possible that the Iranian 's opposed proposals for a multinational reprocessing facility because of an " unwillingness to submit their plant to foreign surveillance . "
Document 8 : Lewis A. Dunn , Hudson Institute , " Iran and Nuclear Weapons , " Briefing Notes for Office of Director , Near East / South Asia Region , International Security Affairs , Major General Gordon Sumner , Jr. , The Pentagon , 29 July 1975
Source : Mandatory Review
Before he joined the Reagan administration in 1981 , political scientist Lewis A. Dunn was an analyst at Herman Kahn 's Hudson Institute , where he worked on nuclear proliferation issues .
A major contract study , written with Kahn , for the Arms Control and Disarmament Agency , developed a " proliferation chain " argument , suggesting that the Indian PNE had unleashed a chain reaction that could lead to significantly widespread proliferation .
( Note 5 ) Some talking points from Dunn 's briefing at the Pentagon in July 1975 outlined the considerations that might influence an Iranian decision during the 1980s to develop a weapons capability as well as the various shapes that such a capability could take .
A chart prepared for the briefing exemplified the proliferation chain approach by showing possible time - lines for national nuclear decisions influenced by the Indian PNE .
The " chain " for Iran could be either a straight line from India or the influence of earlier decisions by Israel to develop an overt capability , by Egypt to announce an intent , and by Libya to develop a bomb in the " basement . "
Documents 9a- c : " Incompatible with our Sovereignty "
9a : State Department cable 254826 to Embassy Tehran , " Nuclear Agreement for Cooperation , " 25 October 1975 , Secret
9b : Tehran Embassy cable 11089 to State Department , " Shah 's Interview by Business Week Given Prominent Coverage by English Language Kayhan , " 13 November 1975 , Confidential
9c : Tehran Embassy cable 11539 to State Department , " US / Iran Nuclear Agreement , " 26 November 1975 , Secret
Sources : A and B : AAD ; C : Mandatory review request
Discussions at Vienna disclosed serious disagreements over the nuclear cooperation agreement , with Iranian atomic energy chief Etemad rejecting Washington 's insistence that , through the multinational plant , it participate in decisions on reprocessing of U.S. - supplied spent fuel .
Kissinger was not ready to back down from this position ; a telegram that he approved asked Ambassador Richard Helms to explain U.S. motives to the Shah and to make the point that " we are not in any way singling out Iran for special , disadvantageous treatment " ; the issues at stake were not technical ones but " directly related to security and stability in the region . "
But Helms was worried " how serious a problem the nuclear deadlock has become , " especially after the Shah observed , in an interview , that the U.S. position conflicted with Iran 's " sovereignty " and that Washington was asking for things " that the French or Germans would never dream of doing . "
Given the Shah 's frame of mind , Helms concluded that the proposal for a regional reprocessing facility could not be sold and that if Iran insisted on a reprocessing plant it should be under joint U.S. - Iran control with " stringent safeguards .
Document 10 : " Focused Solely on Energy "
U.S. Embassy Tehran Cable 73 to State Department , " Iranian Nuclear Policy , " 6 January 1976 , Confidential
Source : Mandatory review request
While the negotiations were in abeyance , Dr. Ahmad Etemad , the Chairman of Iran 's Atomic Energy Organization traveled to India where he reportedly discussed Iran 's nuclear program and mentioned his interest in " peaceful nuclear explosions " ( PNEs ) .
Meeting with DCM Jack Miklos , who was seeking clarification of the press coverage , Etemad confirmed that he was indeed interested in PNEs , but that Iran would seek them only in the context of an " international agreement that nuclear explosions might be found economically useful and feasible to move mountains , dig canals , etc . "
To underline the point , he confirmed that Iran was not interested in building reprocessing facilities , which were necessary to develop PNEs .
Assuring Miklos of Iran 's commitment to the NPT , even a stronger version with more safeguards , Etemad stated that Iran sought nuclear power for economic reasons only .
Nevertheless , Iran would not accept " safeguard terms or conditions that go beyond its present commitments if they are dictated by nuclear - have nations . "
To dispel notions that the impasse on the nuclear cooperation agreement reflected larger problems in the U.S. - Iran relationship , Etemad suggested he visit Washington for technical discussions .
Document 11 : " To Set a World Example "
National Security Adviser Brent Scowcroft to President Ford , " Letter to the Shah , " n.d. [ Circa 19 February 1976 ]
Source : Gerald R. Ford Library , President 's Correspondence with Foreign Leaders , box 2 , Iran - The Shah ( Folder 1 )
The stalemate in the nuclear negotiations led President Ford to approve recommendations that a high - level team visit Tehran for meetings with the Shah and his advisers .
The outcome , Brent Scowcroft , hoped , would be a commitment by the Shah to a " major act of nuclear statesmanship : namely , to set a world example by foregoing national reprocessing . "
Document 12 : National Security Adviser Brent Scowcroft to President Ford , " Response from the Shan on nuclear Cooperation , " 22 March 1976 , Confidential
Source : Gerald R. Ford Library , President 's Correspondence with Foreign Leaders , box 2 , Iran - The Shah ( Folder 1 )
Describing recent correspondence with the Shah of Iran and the meeting between the Shah and Robert Seamans , director of the Energy Research and Development Administration ( ERDA , predecessor of the Energy Department ) , and Caryle Maw , Under Secretary for Security Assistance , Scowcroft observed that the Shah's " remarks to Seamans and Maw give us some hope that a mutually acceptable compromise formula may be attainable . "
Document 13 : Exploring New Options
Memorandum from Deputy Secretary of State Charles W. Robinson to Henry Kissinger , " Meeting on Nuclear Negotiations with Iran , " 14 April 1976 , with memorandum attached from Myron B. Kratzer and Alfred L. Atherton to the Secretary , " Next Step in Our Nuclear Negotiations with Iran , " 25 March 1976 , Secret / Exdis
Source : RG 59 , Records of Deputy Secretary of State Charles W. Robinson , box 7 , Memos to the Secretary , April 1976 - June 1977 ( 2 of 2 )
The Maw - Seamans talks with the Shah led the ERDA chief to conclude that the Shah would not accept an " ultimate U.S. veto to prevent Iranian reprocessing . "
Nevertheless , if a multinational or binational reprocessing facility proved unworkable , he suggested that Washington might be able to persuade him to accept some level of U.S. " consent " , including participation in a reprocessing facility , assignment of U.S. personnel to the facility , and " continuing requirement that we be satisfied the safeguards applied to these activities by the IAEA are effective . "
State Department officials believed that the discussions with Seamans suggested that the Shah " may be willing to join the U.S. in an act of leadership to explore alternatives to national reprocessing . "
Nevertheless , other alternatives were under consideration such as an option for the United States to " buy back " spent fuel rods so that Washington would have more leverage over any Iranian decisions on national reprocessing .
Document 14a-b : Iran 's Atomic Energy Structure
14a : U.S. Embassy Tehran Airgram A - 76 to State Department , " The Atomic Energy Organization of Iran , " 15 April 1976 , Confidential
14b : U.S. Embassy Tehran Airgram A - 69 to State Department , " The Atomic Energy Organization of Iran , " 11 May 1977 , Confidential
Source : MDR release
These airgrams provide a detailed overview of the Atomic Energy Organization of Iran , the key officials who managed it , Iran 's nuclear power policy , power plant projects , and nuclear relations with the United States and West Germany , among other countries .
Also discussed is Etemad 's program for developing a cadre of nuclear scientists by sending students for training in the West so that they could operate reactors and staff research facilities .
Iran already had a Nuclear Research Center in Tehran ; in the works was a Nuclear Technology Center to be located near Esfehan .
The biographical detail here is interesting ; for example , in the 1977 report , the director of Raw Materials and Fuel , Dr. Ghassem Arabian , is identified as " probably the only one in AEOI with an anti-American bias . "
Document 15 : David Elliott , Robert Oakley , National Security Council Staff , to Brent Scowcroft , " Nuclear Negotiations with Iran , " 16 April 1976 , Secret
Source : Gerald R. Ford Library , NSC Institutional Files , Box 64 , NSSM 324 , Nuclear Agreement with Iran
In light of Etemad 's forthcoming visit to Washington , the State Department made suggestions on the approach that U.S. negotiators could take .
" Buy - back " should be explored with the Iranians , but if they were not interested , Washington should try to secure a " strong political commitment " to a multinational / binational reprocessing facility , as well as " to consult closely with us on its prospective reprocessing plans before making any firm decisions . "
If , however , the multinational option failed , the United States would accept an Iranian reprocessing facility as long as IAEA safeguards applied and the Iranians accepted supplemental safeguards " with the assignment of U.S. personnel . "
A memorandum from ACDA chief Fred Ikle emphasized the importance of statements made by the Shah to the effect that Iran would not be interested in exercising rights for reprocessing facilities " approximately ten years from now . "
The statements , Ikle believed , suggested the possibility of " common ground " that would leave Tehran with a " reasonable set of options to handle its spent fuel . "
His basic position dovetailed with the State Department 's interest in buy - back , multinational plants , or effective safeguards if Iran established a national reprocessing facility .
Document 16 : Brent Scowcroft to the President , " Negotiation of a Nuclear Agreement with Iran , " 19 April 1976 , Secret
Source : Gerald R. Ford Library , NSC Institutional Files , Box 64 , NSSM 324 , Nuclear Agreement with Iran
Reporting on the Seamans conversations with the Shah and the Shah 's recent letter to President Ford , National Security Adviser Scowcroft observed that the sticking point was that the monarch remained " unwilling to commit to … a joint [ reprocessing ] venture as the sine qua non for our approval of the reprocessing of U.S. - supplied fuel in Iran . "
Worried that the lack of a nuclear agreement " represents a serious irritant in our relations with Iran , Scowcroft argued that it was pointless to press for the multinational option .
Instead , he suggested that president Ford approve a second option , involving " buy - back " of spent fuel .
If the Iranians rejected " buy - back " , then the United States could , as a fall back , insist on bilateral measures that supplemented the safeguards of the International Atomic Energy Authority .
Ford approved that recommendation .
Document 17 : " [ We Should ] Not Fall on Our Own Swords to Push Others into Multinational Projects "
Memorandum of Conversation , " Proposed Cable to Tehran on Pakistani Nuclear Processing , " 12 May 1976 , Secret / Nodis
Besides negotiating an agreement with Iran that he could live with , Kissinger also faced dilemmas created by Pakistan 's nuclear program and the German nuclear sale to Iran , which also raised concerns about reprocessing .
While Kissinger believed it important to oppose national reprocessing , as the quote about " falling on our own swords " appears to suggest , he was doubtful about the viability of the multinational concept .
Documents 18a-b : Draft Nuclear Agreement
18a : State Department cable 132760 to Embassy Tehran , " Iranian Nuclear Power Agreement , " 28 May 1976 , Confidential
18b : State Department cable 135220 to Embassy Tehran , " Nuclear Power Agreement with Iran , " 2 June 1976 , Confidential
Source : MDR request
Even if Kissinger was getting sour over the concept of multinational processing , it had gone too far in the negotiations with Iran to be abandoned .
During talks with Iran 's atomic energy chief Etemad in April , the two sides appeared to converge on the basic principles of an agreement , including the new U.S. " buy - back " concept .
Based on the talks with Etemad , on 28 May , ERDA and the State Department sent the Embassy a draft agreement and , a few days later , talking points to be used in discussions with the Iranians .
Designed to serve as a model for future nuclear agreements with other countries , the text included complex requirements to ensure that the nuclear materials and technology were used only for purposes that were consistent with non-proliferation goals .
The key provisions concerned reprocessing and safeguards .
In keeping with earlier discussion of the principle of " consent , " the draft stipulated that any reprocessing of Iran 's spent fuel must be " performed in facilities acceptable to the parties . "
But even before reprocessing could be a possibility , the U.S. proposed buying back spent fuel , with payment in money or in the equivalent value of reactor fuel .
Alternatively , Iran could transfer spent fuel to another country or group of nations , as long as it was used for peaceful purposes under mutually acceptable safeguards .
In addition to the safeguards imposed by the IAEA to prevent diversion into military applications , the U.S. draft spelled out additional arrangements to safeguard nonproliferation interests .
For example , the United States would have right to review " design of any reactor " or other equipment and devices " determined to be relevant to the effective application of safeguards . "
Moreover , the designated U.S. personnel would have " access in Iran to all places and data necessary to account for … special nuclear material . "
Besides the agreement , the U.S. included a note designed to reflect " special " aspects of the U.S. - Iran relationship .
If the U.S. did not exercise the buy - back option and Iran chose to establish reprocessing facilities , Tehran would be required to " achieve the fullest possible participation in the management and operation of such facilities of the nation or nations which serve as suppliers of technology and major equipment . "
Moreover , Iran would invite the United States to " participate fully and actively in [ the ] management and operation " of the facilities .
Nevertheless , if Iran 's " strenuous " efforts to secure multinational participation failed for " reasons beyond [ its ] control , " and , again , Washington had not exercised the buy - back option , Iran could develop reprocessing facilities " acceptable to the parties " and following the rigorous safeguards spelled out in articles XI and XII of the agreement .
While Etemad wanted the agreement to include the provisions of the note , U.S. negotiators did not want to change the procedure because they expected that agreements with other countries would include notes to reflect the circumstances of the negotiations .
Documents 19a- b : " Proliferation is Anathema to Iran "
19a : U.S. Embassy Tehran cable 5735 to State Department , " Iranian Nuclear Power Agreement , " 7 June 1976 , Confidential
19b : U.S. Embassy Tehran cable 5765 to State Department , " Iranian Views on Non-Proliferation and US / Iran Nuclear Cooperation , " 7 June 1976 , Secret
Source : MDR release
On 6 June 1976 , Ambassador Richard Helms and science attaché Albert Chapman presented atomic energy chief Etemad with the draft agreement and note .
Once Tehran had digested the U.S. proposals , ERDA and the State Department could send a team for detailed negotiations .
Helms stated that he supported Etemad 's earlier proposal for a " high - level exchange , " once the agreement was finalized , during which the two parties could reaffirm non-proliferation commitments and " announce our intentions to explore diligently the binational / multinational fuel reprocessing concept . "
Comments by Etemad suggested that the Shah was not interested in the high - level exchange , but he emphasized Iran 's support for the NPT 's goals , noting that " proliferation can only weaken Iran 's position vis-à - vis its neighbors , and therefore proliferation is anathema to Iran . "
He was especially concerned about Indian pressure on Pakistan and suggested that Washington provide a " guarantee against nuclear attack by India , " implying that such action would reduce pressure on Pakistan to go nuclear .
Document 20 : The Iran - West German Agreement
Memorandum of Conversation , " The Secretary 's Meeting with FRG Ambassador Von Staden on the FRG / Iran Agreement for Nuclear Cooperation , " 2 July 1976 , Secret / Nodis
Source : Digital National Security Archive
The Iran - West German nuclear negotiations mentioned earlier ( and related talks with Brazil ) were a source of heartburn for Kissinger and the State Department because they believed that Bonn did not take a tough enough position on reprocessing .
As Kissinger reminded Ambassador Von Staden , " we had strongly urged that the FRG not transfer reprocessing to Iran . "
While Von Staden argued that the agreement included a number of safeguards designed to limit Iran 's freedom of action , he conceded that the agreement did not prevent reprocessing in Iran .
This prompted Kissinger to observe that " This agreement is not greeted with enthusiasm by the US … [ W ]e cannot avoid saying that we did not approve of this agreement . "
Document 21 : " Iran Shall Have Full Right to Decide "
U.S. Embassy Tehran cable 7485 to State Department , " Iranian Counterproposals for Atomic Energy Agreement , " 23 July 1976 , Confidential
Source : MR request
On 22 July , Etemad gave Helms his government 's response to the U.S. draft agreement .
Embassy officials later characterized Tehran 's paper as " extreme " , probably because it rejected the U.S. veto of Iranian reprocessing of the spent fuel supplied by the United States .
The Government of Iran " seriously intended to have [ reprocessing ] performed in facilities established in Iran " and in " all fairness [ Washington should ] be prepared to supply Iran with the means to establish all facilities which … constitute integral part of [ Iran 's ] nuclear power program . "
So that Iran could control the entire nuclear fuel cycle , it should " have the right to effective control of the management and operation of the reprocessing facilities . "
U.S. participation would be appreciated , but Washington would have only minority voting rights " and no veto .
" Iran should have full right to decide whether to reprocess or otherwise dispose or treat the materials provided under the agreement . "
Nevertheless , the U.S. buy - back option remained on the table ; if Iran did not want to reprocess the United States could either provide financial compensation or enriched uranium " equivalent in energy value to the recoverable special nuclear material " contained in the spent fuel .
Document 22 : " How We Gave the Farm Away " ?
Tehran Embassy cable 7886 to State Department , " Nuclear Energy Discussions , " August 3 , 1976 , Confidential , with annotations and cartoon by Pentagon official
Source : Mandatory Review
In early August 1976 , Henry Kissinger and other U.S. officials traveled to Iran for meetings of a joint U.S. - Iran Economic Commission for talks on the nuclear agreement , among other issues .
Etemad held on to his position about a U.S. " obligation to assist Iran in all areas of nuclear technology " and his view that Iran would not " accept discriminatory treatment . "
Nonetheless , he acknowledged that Washington was in no position to assist with reprocessing and conceded that the key issue for Iran was an " assured fuel supply . "
U.S. officials could not make assurances about anything , but they explained that they wanted the agreement to reflect " U.S. intent to perform , " within " necessary practical and legal limits . "
" They also stressed that bottom line of U.S. May 31 draft enables reprocessing in Iranian national facilities , thus ensuring that Iran is not foreclosed from every solution to reprocessing problem . "
In the ensuing discussion , the Iranians showed readiness to consider the alternatives to the " bottom line , " e.g. , the buy - back ( " fuel exchange " ) or third - country reprocessing .
While Ambassador Helms saw a " promising basis for continuing discussion , " a skeptical official at the Iran desk of the Pentagon 's Office of International Security Affairs ( ISA ) was far from satisfied .
Probably worried that the " bottom line " position enabling Iranian reprocessing under some circumstances was a danger ( and unaware of Kissinger 's position on buy - back ) , the official believed that Washington was giving the " farm away " and drew an amusing cartoon of the Shah standing in front of a prostrate Uncle Sam , with the latter saying " Oh – please walk all over me . "
Documents 23a-b : " We 'll Insist on Reprocessing in [ the ] US "
23a . Memorandum for the Secretary from Charles W. Robinson , " Nuclear Negotiations with Iran , " 13 August 1976 , Secret / Nodis
23 b . Memorandum for the Secretary from Charles W. Robinson , " Nuclear Negotiations with Iran , " 18 August 1976 , Secret / Nodis
Source : RG 59 , Records of Deputy Secretary of State Charles W. Robinson , Box 6 , CWR - Memos to the Secretary , July 1976 - Sept 1976
Besides meeting with the Joint Economic Commission , Kissinger had meetings with the Shah to discuss the nuclear deal .
Records of Kissinger 's discussions with the Shah are not yet available , but State Department memos include some significant details on the negotiations .
Apparently , Kissinger explained to the Shah that a " purely national " Iranian reprocessing plant would not be acceptable .
The nuclear cooperation agreement would provide alternatives to national reprocessing --" buy - back , " binational reprocessing , and reprocessing in a third country ( e.g. , in Western Europe ) - - but the U.S. , as Kissinger saw it , would consistently exercise the buy - back option .
Thus , while Iran would have a theoretical right to reprocess U.S. - provided spent fuel as a " last resort , " it would never exercise it .
From Tehran 's perspective , one problem in the buy - back option was the possibility of " commercial risks " for Iran .
If , at some point , the commercial value of enriched uranium and plutonium increased , the spent fuel rods would be worth more and the Iranians would have made money if they had held on to them .
Under proposed new terms of the agreement , the U.S. would compensate Iran for " any loss it has suffered as a result of our reprocessing of the spent rods . "
Deputy Secretary Robinson told Kissinger that he " did n't believe that there would be any great financial burden to the U.S. in assuming the ' commercial risks . ' "
A more significant complication was the extent to which Washington could provide " ironclad assurances " to Iran that it would be a reliable supplier of nuclear fuel under the agreement .
For example , the Nuclear Regulatory Commission would have to review each nuclear shipment to Iran separately ; it had authority to block any nuclear export that it deemed inconsistent with U.S. security interests .
While the Ford administration could explore the possibility of changing NRC procedures so that it could provide a blanket license to cover export commitments to Iran , the " policy and institutional issues appear so profound " that it would require major changes in nuclear export procedures to implement the agreement with Iran .
With the 1976 presidential campaign under way , the U.S. - Iran nuclear negotiations came to a halt , although serious conflict with the Shah over petroleum prices , which exacerbated in November , probably contributed to the standstill .
Nevertheless , an important policy development occurred during the final days of the campaign , when President Ford belatedly responded to Jimmy Carter 's criticisms , as well as public concern generally , by issuing a major statement on nuclear proliferation policy .
Consistent with the approach that the administration had been taking toward the negotiations with Iran , Ford took a highly restrictive stand on reprocessing :
It " should not proceed unless there is sound reason to believe that the world community can effectively overcome the associated risks of proliferation . "
To support that judgment Ford called for changes in domestic nuclear policies , cooperation between nuclear exporters on behalf of " ' maximum restraint in the transfer of reprocessing and enrichment technology , " and international cooperation to ensure that " customer nations have an adequate supply of fuel for their nuclear power plants , " among other measures .
( Note 6 )
Document 24 : " We Should Move Heaven and Earth "
Memorandum of conversation , " Secretary 's Meeting with the General Advisory Committee on Arms Control and Disarmament , " 6 January [ 1977 ] , Secret
Source : Digital National Security Archive
As secretary of state , Kissinger held periodic meetings with the General Advisory Committee on Arms Control and Disarmament ( GAC ) , which was the statutorily - mandated advisory body to the late lamented Arms Control and Disarmament Agency ( ACDA ) .
During this particular meeting , which included reviews of SALT policy and developments in China , the discussion turned to the problem of nuclear proliferation .
Worried about loose command - and - control arrangements in new nuclear states and the possibility that nuclear use in an India - Pakistan conflict could " increase temptations for their use elsewhere , " Kissinger asserted that " we should move heaven and earth " to curb proliferation .
" Even if we can buy only a decade [ it is ] worth it to prevent it . "
Documents 25a-b : The ENTEC Facility " Bears Watching "
25a : U.S. Embassy Tehran Cable 1232 to State Department , " Nuclear Power : Comments of Head of Atomic Energy Organization of Iran ( AEOI ) , " 7 February 1977 , Unclassified
25 b : U.S. Embassy Tehran Cable 1437 to State Department , " GOI / AEOI Plans for Isfhahan Nuclear Technology Center , ENTEC , " 14 February 1977 , Secret
Source : Mandatory Review
Following President Ford 's electoral defeat , Richard Helms resigned from his post in Tehran in late 1976 , and a void at the Embassy 's top level ensued for some months .
Nevertheless , with a new administration at the White House determined to make major changes in nuclear proliferation policy , the government of Iran was waiting with interest for a U.S. announcement .
During a press conference in February 1977 , Etemad , perhaps realizing that the Carter administration would also oppose reprocessing , declared that Iran had given up the option of a national reprocessing facility and was , instead , looking closely at binational and multinational options .
In addition , Etemad said that he assumed that safeguards would be integral to the U.S. approach , but asserted that no country " has a right to dictate nuclear policy to another . "
He also announced the beginning of construction of the third and fourth French - supplied nuclear power plants .
Officials at the U.S. Embassy and Oak Ridge National Laboratory , who had been visiting Iran , were not taking on faith Etemad 's statements on reprocessing .
When Oak Ridge officials received a briefing on the planned Esfehan Nuclear Technology Center ( ENTEC ) , U.S. officials commented that the location reminded them of the geologically similar site ( " between two mountains " ) of the Sandia Weapons Laboratory in New Mexico .
According to the Oak Ridge scientists , the " unusually large " size of the facility " makes it theoretically possible to produce weapons - grade material ( plutonium ) " , although it was not yet possible to make " categorical statements . "
It would be just as possible for the facility to produce " mixed oxide appropriate for reactor cores . "
In any event , that the plans for ENTEC included a " large hot lab , " the first step toward reprocessing , as well as a " fuel nuclear fuel cycle … but only on a pilot plant scale " encouraged the Oak Ridge officials to " conclude that the … entire facility ' bears watching . ' "
Document 26 : U.S. Policy Review
State Department cable 42988 to Embassy Tehran , " U.S. - Iran Bilateral Agreement for Nuclear Cooperation , " 25 February 1977 , Confidential
Source : Mandatory Review
The nuclear negotiations with Iran could not be resumed until the Carter White House had finished its nuclear proliferation policy review .
Realizing that the " ball is in our court , " the State Department asked U.S. diplomats in Tehran to assure Etemad that " the new administration is moving along expeditiously in its comprehensive policy review " and that decisions would be made in March or April .
Document 27 : Carter 's Nonproliferation Policy Announcement and Its Impact
U.S. Consulate Shiraz Airgram A - 16 to Department of State , " The Persepolis Conference on Transfer of Nuclear Technology : A Layman's View , " 18 April 1977 , Confidential
Source : Mandatory Review
The Carter administration 's policy review took longer than anticipated , but on 7 April , President Carter issued his first official policy statement on nuclear proliferation .
The key announcement was the decision to defer " indefinitely " commercial reprocessing in the United States in order to discourage other countries from reprocessing .
While acknowledging that nuclear exporters like France and West Germany had a " perfect right " to reprocess spent fuel and that Washington did not want to " impose [ its ] will on them , " he wanted to reach a " worldwide understanding " with them to curb the risks of widespread reprocessing capabilities .
To show that the United States would be a reliable supplier of nuclear fuel , President Carter announced that he would be proposing to Congress " legislative steps to permit us to sign … supply contracts and remove the pressure for the reprocessing of nuclear fuels . "
In response to press questions about the multinational reprocessing option that the Ford administration had considered , Carter said that he had not made a decision but that " regional plants under tight international control " were a possibility that would be explored .
( Note 7 )
Carter 's statement came on the eve of an international conference on nuclear technology in Persepolis that the Iranian government sponsored .
As Victor Tomseth , the U.S. consul in Shiraz later reported , the reaction at the conference was " immediate and for the most part quite negative . "
U.S. businessmen in the atomic industry were nonplussed because they believed that White House policy would hurt them ; Washington , they believed , should not worry about curbing sales of " technology [ that developing nations ] can get from other sources . "
U.S. competitors in the nuclear field , for example , in West Germany , were disturbed because Carter 's statements cast doubt on the " wisdom of … reprocessing and the breeder reactor . "
Commercial competitors also believed that Carter 's policy would have only a " marginal " impact on nonproliferation .
Representatives of Third World countries agreed with that , but what especially worried them was that " their lives had once again been impinged upon by policy decisions in the United States over which they had no control . "
This dovetailed with the views expressed by Iranian officials that " no country had the right to dictate nuclear policy to another . "
Document 28 : Explaining Carter 's Policy
U.S. Embassy Tehran cable 4313 to State Department , " US - Iran Nuclear Cooperation Agreement and US - Iran Energy Discussions , " 16 May 1977 , Confidential
Source : Mandatory Review
A visit to Tehran by Deputy Assistant Secretary of State for Near Eastern Affairs Sidney Sober provided an occasion for a discussion with Etemad on the Carter administration 's nuclear nonproliferation policy , including its commitment to be a " reliable supplier " to countries that shared U.S. nonproliferation objectives .
Commending Etemad for his statement disavowing reprocessing , Sober observed that Iran 's decision would " substantially facilitate our bilateral negotiations . "
Once Congress had finalized nuclear energy legislation , Tehran and Washington could resume the nuclear power negotiations .
While Etemad suggested that Washington should be doing more to share nuclear technology as required under Article 4 of the Nonproliferation Treaty , Sober reminded him that such actions could not endanger NPT objectives .
Documents 29a-b : Request for Highly Enriched Uranium
29a : U.S. Embassy Tehran cable 4198 to State Department , " Highly Enriched Uranium ( HEU ) Export to Iran , " 12 May 1977 , Confidential
29b : State Department cable 115011 to Embassy Tehran , " HEU Exports to Iran , " 19 May 1977 , Confidential
Source : Mandatory Review
The State Department 's decision to put on hold an Iranian request for 20.2 kilograms of highly - enriched uranium [ HEU ] for the Tehran Research Reactor met with a skeptical response from DCM Miklos , who worried that it might " feed [ Iran 's ] worst fears " about the U.S. 's reliability as a nuclear supplier .
The HEU at issue was slated to refuel , and help increase the power level of , the Tehran reactor .
Under existing agreements with Iran , however , the limit was 6 kilograms ; moreover , Washington 's concern about overseas inventories of HEU and the " special risk " that they posed influenced new guidelines requiring presidential approval for exports .
According to Deputy of State Warren Christopher , the United States did not want to " impugn " Iran 's nonproliferation intentions and was confident that Iran would understand U.S. motives .
Moreover , negotiation of the nuclear power agreement would provide an opportunity to address the problem of the ceiling of HEU exports to Iran .
Document 30 : Waiting for the Iranians to " Put All their Cards on the Table "
U.S. Embassy Tehran cable 5397 to State Department , " Audience with Shah , " 20 June 1977 , Confidential
Source : Mandatory Review
In June 1977 , a new ambassador , career foreign service officer William Sullivan , arrived in Tehran , presenting his credentials to the Shah on 18 June .
During their meeting , the Shah told Sullivan that he was ready to resume the nuclear power negotiations and expressed hope that the reactors would be sold .
As Sullivan explained in his cable , he did not follow up on the Shah 's observations because he wanted the Iranians to " put all their cards on the table " before using the guidance that President Carter had given him .
Sullivan did not want to " look too eager . "
Moreover , he was concerned that U.S. government agencies had not fully digested President Carter 's new policies and needed time to " catch up " so they would be ready for the negotiations with Iran scheduled to begin on 25 July .
The Shah's " specific disavowal of interest in reprocessing plant " met with a skeptical response from the cartoonist at ISA 's Iran desk who drew a little picture of a bull next to those words .
Documents 31a-b : Final Agreement
31a : State Department cable 125971 to Embassy Tehran , " U.S. - Iran Nuclear Cooperation Agreement , " 17 May 1978 , Confidential
31b : Department of State cable 226045 to Embassy Canberra , " Provisions of US - Iranian Nuclear Agreement , " 6 September 1978 , Secret / Limdis
Source : Mandatory Review
Documentation on the U.S. - Iran nuclear negotiations during 1977 and early 1978 is scarce , pending future declassifications .
While State Department officials had hoped that early Congressional action on White House nonproliferation objectives would expedite the agreement with Iran , Carter did not sign the Nonproliferation Act until March 1978 .
The month before , U.S. and Iranian officials had completed the negotiations , perhaps expedited by a brief conversation that President Carter had with the Shah during his visit to Iran in late December 1977 .
( This was the visit where Carter had famously referred to Iran as an " island of stability . " )
( Note 8 )
In May 1978 , the State Department sent a draft agreement to Tehran .
Like the 1976 agreement , the objective was to avoid proliferation risks , but the Carter administration took a slightly different approach to reprocessing .
In article 6 , Iran would not reprocess spent fuel or enrich uranium supplied by the U.S. " unless the parties agree . "
This was not terribly different from the Ford administration 's language that reprocessing must be " performed in facilities acceptable to the parties . "
The United States retained a veto .
The key differences were in the separate note , which was more detailed than the 1976 version .
Besides including language on physical security , expeditious NRC action on licenses , and international fuel cycle studies , the note provided alternative arrangements for spent fuel resulting from U.S. - supplied material : 1 ) storage in Iran , 2 ) storage in the U.S. , or 3 ) storage , processing , or other disposition … in accordance with internationally accepted arrangements . "
The latter could involve reprocessing in the UK , France , or " other mutually agreed states and return of recovered plutonium in the form of fabricated fuel to Iran , under arrangements which are deemed to be more proliferation resistant than those which currently exist . "
There would be no reprocessing in Iran under any circumstances and buy - back was no longer an option .
Moreover , to a great extent , reprocessing in Western Europe could occur only if storage was not possible in Iran , the United States , or in Western Europe .
According to a cable sent some months later , during the negotiations Washington wanted reprocessing in Western Europe to be " an option of last resort , " but Tehran wanted it to be an " equal choice . "
What the Iranians feared was a discriminatory outcome : the " US would strike a deal with others to allow commercial - scale reprocessing subsequent to US - Iran agreement . "
To accommodate the Iranians on that point , without sacrificing nonproliferation objectives , Washington agreed to a separate paragraph which spelled out circumstances under which non-discriminatory treatment would be possible and reprocessing in Europe would be more than a " last resort . "
In any event , any such option would be " subject to US law which includes determination of no significant increase in the risk of proliferation associated with approvals for reprocessing . "
Documents 32a-b :
32a : U.S. Embassy Tehran cable 7863 to State Department , " Reassessment of Iran 's Nuclear Energy Plans , " 17 August 1978 , Confidential
32b : U.S. Embassy Tehran cable 9154 to State Department , " Nuclear Activities in Iran , " 21 September 1978 , Confidential
Source : Mandatory Review
By the early summer of 1978 , senior U.S. and Iranian officials had " initialed " the nuclear agreement , but President Carter had not yet approved it , so it had not been formally signed by either party .
State Department officials acted as if signing was a possibility , but the ongoing collapse of the Shah 's regime put everything , including the Iranian nuclear program , up in the air .
The Embassy interpreted an editorial on nuclear policy in Kayhan International as a sign that some in the government wanted to renegotiate the nuclear deal with Washington , partly because of the provisions on reprocessing .
A month later , a new prime minister , Jafaar Sharif - Emami , was in charge and Etemad resigned his position as atomic energy chief , with other changes at the nuclear agency possible .
Major cut - backs in government capital investment programs , the Embassy reported , have " essentially paralyzed the decision - making process in both AEOI and Ministry of Energy on matters nuclear . "
Except for the four reactors under construction , " Nuclear activity …has come to a halt . "
Nevertheless , Iranian officials told a local representative of the Westinghouse Corporation that the government wanted to work with the U.S. nuclear industry and that " the bilateral would certainly not be scrapped . "
That , however , proved to be wishful thinking ; with major cities under martial law , a revolutionary crisis was unfolding that put an end to any possibility of U.S. - Iran nuclear cooperation .
Notes
1. Dafne Linzer , " Past Arguments Don't Square With Current Iran Policy , " The Washington Post , 27 March 2005 .
2 . For useful background and analysis of nuclear proliferation policy during the 1970s , see J. Samuel Walker , " Nuclear Power and Nonproliferation : The Controversy over Nuclear Exports , 1974 - 1980 , " Diplomatic History 12 ( Spring 2001 ) : 235-236 .
3. Special National Intelligence Estimate 4-1- 74 , " Prospects for Further Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons , " 23 August 1974 .
4 . For a helpful overview , drawing on the earlier work of James Bill , Mark Gasiorowski , and Barry Rubin , among others , see Kenneth Pollack , The Persian Puzzle : The Conflict Between Iran and America ( New York Random House , 2004 ) , 101-108 .
For Rockefeller , see Asadollah Alam , The Shah and I : The Confidential Diary of Iran 's Royal Court , 1969 - 1977 ( New York : St. Martin's Press , 1992 ) , 476 .
5. William C. Potter and Gaukhar Mukhatzhanova , " Divining Nuclear Intentions : A Review Essay , " International Security 33 ( 2008 ) : 160-161 .
6. Andrew Scott Cooper , “ Showdown at Doha : The Secret Oil Deal That Helped Sink the Shah of Iran , ” Middle East Journal 62 ( Autumn 2008 ) : 582-58 ; Walker , " Nuclear Power and Nonproliferation , " 235-236 .
7. Public Papers of the Presidents of the United States Jimmy Carter 1977 , Book I ( Washington , D.C. , Government Printing Office , 1977 ) , 582-584 .
See also Walker , " Nuclear Power and Nonproliferation , " 237-239 .
8. Gary Sick , All Fall Down : America 's Tragic Encounter with Iran ( New York : Random House , 1985 ) , 29 .
“ We really want the best trial to be done for this first trial , and this might not be it , ” he said .
Dr. Okarma of Geron emphasized that the purpose of the first trial was safety , so that lack of efficacy should not be a problem .
While researchers will also look for signs the treatment works , he said , the best that could be hoped for would be some slight restoration of function that could then be enhanced through physical therapy .
“ We do n’t expect to take someone who is completely paralyzed from the waist down and have them dance six months later , ” he said .
If the first trial shows safety , the company would then hope to test higher doses of cells and treat patients with less severe injuries , he said .
Geron ’s therapy involves using various growth factors to turn embryonic stem cells into precursors of neural support cells called oligodendrocytes , which are then injected into the spinal cord at the site of the injury .
The hope is that the injected cells will help repair the insulation , known as myelin , around nerve cells , restoring the ability of some nerve cells to carry signals .
There is also some hope that growth factors produced by the injected cells will spur damaged nerve cells to regenerate .
The therapy was developed in collaboration with Hans Keirstead of the University of California , Irvine .
He has shown videos of paralyzed rats that were able to walk again , albeit imperfectly , after receiving the therapy .
Those videos helped persuade California voters to approve the $ 3 billion stem cell research program in 2004 .
The main safety concern is that if raw embryonic cells are put into the body , they can form tumors .
Even though most such tumors do not spread like other cancers , any unwanted growth in the spinal cord can further damage nerves .
This video has been viewed by millions around the world with the same gut - wrenching , yet heartwarming reaction .
At the time of my narration , it was reported that the injured dog had lived .
Unfortunately , we now know otherwise .
What is most important to note is the fact that it took a little stray dog with a big heart to touch the world and in doing so , perhaps put us in touch with ourselves .
Judging from the countless comments of concern , it is obvious that , for the most part , we are one in our respect for life .
So , wherever you live and whatever you may take in from the media this week , may you long remember the message this loving homeless canine brought us on the eve of the holiest of seasons .
Sonny Melendrez
Dog Saves Another Dog Hit By A Car
This may be the most amazing animal video we have ever seen .
The video is from a traffic camera overlooking the busy Costanera Norte freeway in Santiago , Chile .
It shows a dog that has been hit by a car on a busy highway .
Under these conditions , such an animal would not have a chance of being saved .
Enter our compassionate hero ...
Update !
Chileans have a new hero : an apparently homeless dog that pulled the body of another dog through traffic off a busy highway .
A surveillance camera on a Santiago freeway captured images of a dog trotting past speeding cars to pull the lifeless body of the other canine , which had been run over by a vehicle , away from traffic and onto the median strip .
The scene was broadcast by Chilean television stations and then posted on Web sites , and hundreds of thousands of people had viewed versions of it by Monday .
Highway crews removed both the dead and live dogs from the median strip of the Vespucio Norte Highway shortly after the Dec. 4 incident .
But the rescuer dog ran away .
Authorities say images of the rescue prompted some people to call and offer to adopt the dog , but neither highway workers nor a television crew could find they animal .
Source : AP News
New North Carolina State University research shows that tequila's surge in popularity over the past 15 years has been a boon for industry , but is triggering a significant hangover of social and environmental problems in the region of Mexico where the once - notorious liquor is produced .
This is an agave field in Mexico .
( Photo Credit : Dr. Sarah Bowen )
Tequila is distilled from the blue agave plant and , according to Mexican law , can only be produced in an area encompassing the state of Jalisco and parts of four other Mexican states .
This sort of distinction , known as a " geographical indication " ( GI ) , conveys the geographical origin of a product , as well as its cultural and historical identity .
Tequila and other GIs , such as Champagne and Napa Valley wine , are protected by a complicated set of organizations , agreements and laws worldwide that tie production to a specific place – making it impossible to outsource .
But the new study , co-authored by NC State 's Dr. Sarah Bowen , shows that the tequila GI is neither socially nor ecologically sustainable , and may serve as a lesson for other regions in Asia and the Americas that are currently trying to establish GIs .
The tequila industry has expanded considerably since the early 1990s , more than doubling its production between 1995 and 2005 alone .
But a series of factors , including pest and disease infestations and the fact that it takes at least six years for a blue agave plant to progress from planting to harvest , have contributed to significant instabilities in the supply of agave .
The supply problems , coupled with a surge in demand , have resulted in companies planting their own agave – rather than relying on independent farmers .
This also means that agave is now being grown in areas that are within the tequila GI " zone , " but that have not previously been used for agave cultivation .
These changes have contributed to a loss of traditional farming practices , such as the practice of pruning agave plants to control for pests .
Instead , there has been a significant increase in the use of pesticides and other chemicals .
" Many of these changes are marginalizing independent agave farmers and workers , " Bowen says , " undermining the social foundation of the region that relies on the agave and tequila industries . "
Furthermore , the study shows that the norms that define tequila production do little to preserve traditional tequila production methods .
As a result , the social and environmental resources in the Amatitán - Tequila Valley , where tequila production originated over 400 years ago , are under threat .
The study is significant because it provides a case study of how the lack of socioeconomic and ecological sustainability can create a vicious cycle where social concerns exacerbate environmental problems and vice versa .
But it also provides some guidance for moving forward .
For example , Bowen says , if GIs want to make real contributions to rural development and long - term environmental health , sustainable production practices should be incorporated into the legal framework of the GI itself .
Source : North Carolina State University
Pictured is a jimador at a tequila distillery .
( Photo Credit : Dr. Sarah Bowen )
Following are excerpts from an interview with Egyptian cleric Zaghloul Al - Naggar , which aired on Al - Rahma TV on January 6 , 2009 .
Zaghloul Al - Naggar : I have written about the conspiracy against the Palestinian people , and about how this abominable conspiracy was hatched by Britain and France , in collaboration with several Western countries .
In our days , this conspiracy has been adopted by the U.S.
This conspiracy has many causes .
The West wanted to avenge its defeat in the Crusades , so it gathered these dispersed [ Jewish ] communities – the scum of the earth and garbage of the nations – and planted them in the heart of the Arab world , thus saying to us : " We 've returned , after you drove us out of this blessed land . "
The Jews used to live a life of squalor and humiliation , and were fought and persecuted in Europe and the whole world .
I lived in Britain from the early 1960s , and many stores and restaurants still had a " no dogs , no Jews " sign .
The Jews wanted to escape the humiliation imposed on them by the West , and to shift it to the Arab nation .
In this case , two goals coincided : The Jews ' goal was to have a state , which would protect them from their humiliation all over the world , and the goal of the West was to avenge its defeat in the Crusades , by returning to the region .
This conspiracy began in the 17th century CE , when the Jews convinced the British to form the Zionist - Crusader Committee .
This committee devised the general outlines of the conspiracy .
Later , Europe , because of its hatred for the Islamic Caliphate , launched a fierce war of attrition against the Islamic countries , and the Caliphate eventually collapsed .
[...]
In the tenth century CE , there was a kingdom called the Khazar kingdom , near the Caspian Sea , which was called the Khazar Sea back then .
This kingdom was ruled by a tyrannical dictator , who fabricated lies about his neighbors , just as Israel does today .
Throughout history , the Jews have excelled at getting close to rulers .
They got close to Bulan , the king of the Khazars , and convinced him to convert to Judaism .
King Bulan converted , and made Judaism the religion of the Khazar kingdom .
Most of the people who belong to Judaism today are of Khazar origin .
They come from Mongol Tatar races , which have nothing to do with the Arab region , or with Jacob , Abraham , and Moses .
Therefore , the Jewish claim to a right to this land is totally groundless .
[...]
The Jews have never been faithful to agreements .
Interviewer : Right .
Zaghloul Al - Naggar :
That is how they are described in the Koran .
They are not faithful to treaties or agreements .
They depend upon American and Western aid .
We – the Arab states , governments , and officials – made a huge mistake in dealing with this as a political issue , when it is , in fact , a religious issue .
Interviewer : An issue of faith .
Zaghloul Al - Naggar : The Prophet Muhammad said : " If [ the enemy ] treads upon even an inch of Muslim land , Jihad becomes a duty , and a child should set out on Jihad even without his parents ' permission , a wife without her husband 's permission , and a slave without his master 's permission . "
Interviewer :
So are you calling to wage Jihad ?
Zaghloul Al - Naggar : Absolutely .
There is no solution ...
Interviewer : But who has the right to declare Jihad ?
Zaghloul Al - Naggar : Let me be clear .
Jihad is the only way to resolve this issue .
With the Jews , one cannot achieve anything by means of peace , or a settlement , or open borders , or diplomatic and commercial ties .
They are devils in human form .
Many people think that Judaism is a religion , but today 's Jews are not really Jews , and have nothing to do with Moses and the Torah .
They are a gang of evil thieves who stole this land .
By nature , a thief who knows he has no right to the land imposes his presence by means of force , by bloodshed , by excessive massacres , by excessive killings , and by destruction , in order to prove that he has rights in this region .
Interviewer : True .
Zaghloul Al - Naggar :
This is the nature of thieves .
Interviewer : Right .
Zaghloul Al - Naggar :
It is inconceivable that we deal with this band of thieves as a state .
We made a big mistake by treating them as a state .
This is not a state .
These are gangs of evil thieves and murderers ...
[...]
By occupying the Arab and Islamic countries , the Western world has managed to exclude Islam completely from the decision - making .
All kinds of impure scoundrels seized power .
The Arab world is ruled by the scum of the earth and the garbage of all nations .
We pray that Allah will guide them .
Either that , or that He would relieve us of them all .
Interviewer : Yes .
Zaghloul Al - Naggar :
There is not a single Arab leader who understands or implements Islam .
[...]
I blame the Islamic countries as well , not just the Arab countries .
I say to Iran :
Where are your missiles ?
You raise the banner of Islam , but where are your missiles ?
Where are all the soldiers you parade in military marches ?
I say to Hizbullah : Where are your missiles ?
When will you use them , if not now ?
I say to Syria , part of whose land has been occupied for over 30 years :
Where is your army ?
Where are your missiles ?
Dear Friend of ASTRA :
WHAT HAS HAPPENED : The House Leadership has moved quickly to increase funding for key scientific and engineering agencies as part of the latest economic stimulus package , now called the American Economic Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 .
Very significant increases over FY 2009 Continuing Resolution ( " C.R. " ) amounts are proposed for key science agencies .
These include :
+$ 3 billion for the National Science Foundation ;
+ $ 1.9 billion for the Department of Energy 's Office of Science ; and
+ $ 300 million for the National Institute of Standards & Technology ( NIST ) .
Both the R&D and education provisions of the new House initiative harmonize with President - elect Obama 's promise to enhance innovation by providing short - term stimulus spending where it is needed , while providing a long - term basis for economic growth .
Further , the House provisions recapture much of the funding that was authorized , but never appropriated , under the bipartisan and ASTRA - supported America COMPETES
Act of 2007 .
For more details about current science spending , as well as the House science and engineering stimulus package , see our latest analysis at :
www.usinnovation.org/files/ASTRAHouseScienceStimulus09.pdf
ACTIONS REQUESTED : Time is of the essence .
A vote is expected as early as Wednesday , January 21 .
1 . Please send a support letter from you or an organization you may belong to similar to ASTRA 's letter from Wayne Johnson to Speaker Pelosi of Jan. 17 , 2009 .
It can be found at this link :
www.usinnovation.org/files/ASTRAPelosiStimulusJan1709.pdf
2. Please contact the House Leadership in both parties immediately by phone or e-mail .
Tell them that you support the Democratic Leadership 's R&D funding provisions of the American Economic Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 .
Your opinion matters and it will be logged in by staff trained to take such calls or tally e-mail communications .
Here are links that contain the numbers to call and e-mail contacts :
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi ( D - CA )
http://speaker.gov/contact/
House Republican Leader John Boehner ( R - OH )
http://www.johnboehner.house.gov/Contact/
Rep. David Obey ( D - WI )
Chairman , House Appropriations Committee
www.obey.house.gov/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=637&Itemid=187
Rep. Jerry Lewis ( R - CA )
Ranking Member , House Appropriations Committee
http://www.house.gov/jerrylewis/IMA/WritetoRepresentativeLewis.htm
Rep. George Miller ( D - CA )
Chairman , House Committee on Education & Labor
http://georgemiller.house.gov/contactus/2007/08/post_1.html
Rep. Buck McKeon ( R - CA )
Ranking Member , House Committee on Education & Labor
http://mckeon.house.gov/lets_talk.shtml
Rep. Bart Gordon ( D - TN )
Chairman , House Committee on Science & Technology
http://gordon.house.gov/contact/contact_form.shtml
Rep. Ralph Hall ( R - TX )
Ranking Member
House Committee on Science & Technology
http://www.house.gov/ralphhall/contact.htm
Also , please contact Members of the House Appropriations Committee , to tell them of your support - especially if you have a constituent relationship with them .
Just click - through on the hyperlinks contained in the list below to make a phone call and / or send an e-mail message .
Thank you ,
Wayne Johnson and Robert S. Boege
for the ASTRA Board of Directors
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Members of the House Appropriations Committee ( this is the latest list provided by the U.S. House Web Site and may not be current )
Democrats
David R. Obey , Wisconsin , Chair
John P. Murtha , Pennsylvania
Norman D. Dicks , Washington
Alan B. Mollohan , West Virginia
Marcy Kaptur , Ohio
Peter J. Visclosky , Indiana
Nita M. Lowey , New York
José E. Serrano , New York
Rosa L. DeLauro , Connecticut
James P. Moran , Virginia
John W. Olver , Massachusetts
Ed Pastor , Arizona
David E. Price , North Carolina
Chet Edwards , Texas
Robert E. " Bud " Cramer , Jr. , Alabama
Patrick J. Kennedy , Rhode Island
Maurice D. Hinchey , New York
Lucille Roybal - Allard , California
Sam Farr , California
Jesse L. Jackson , Jr. , Illinois
Carolyn C. Kilpatrick , Michigan
Allen Boyd , Florida
Chaka Fattah , Pennsylvania
Steven R. Rothman , New Jersey
Sanford Bishop , Georgia
Marion Berry , Arkansas
Barbara Lee , California
Tom Udall , New Mexico
Adam Schiff , California
Michael Honda , California
Betty McCollum , Minnesota
Steve Israel , New York
Tim Ryan , Ohio
C.A " Dutch " Ruppersberger , Maryland
Ben Chandler , Kentucky
Debbie Wasserman Schultz , Florida
Ciro Rodriguez , Texas
Republicans
Jerry Lewis , California , Ranking Member
C.W. Bill Young , Florida
Ralph Regula , Ohio
Harold Rogers , Kentucky
Frank R. Wolf , Virginia
James T. Walsh , New York
David L. Hobson , Ohio
Joe Knollenberg , Michigan
Jack Kingston , Georgia
Rodney P. Frelinghuysen , New Jersey
Todd Tiahrt , Kansas
Zach Wamp , Tennessee
Tom Latham , Iowa
Robert B.Aderholt , Alabama
Jo Ann Emerson , Missouri
Kay Granger , Texas
John E. Peterson , Pennsylvania
Dave Weldon , Florida
Michael K. Simpson , Idaho
John Abney Culberson , Texas
Mark Steven Kirk , Illinois
Ander Crenshaw , Florida
Dennis R. Rehberg , Montana
John Carter , Texas
Rodney Alexander , Louisiana
Ken Calvert , California
Jo Bonner , Alabama
PLEASE SEND THIS MESSAGE ON TO OTHERS :
This message has been sent to approximately 33,000 scientists , engineers , university employees , students , technology workers , policy makers , researchers and others on our " Friends " list .
An estimated 150,000 people will be contacted by this message , and we urge you to send it on to any friends , associates and family who may share our interest in passing this critically important legislative measure .
Thank you !
Robert S. Boege
Executive Director
ASTRA , The Alliance for Science & Technology Research in America
1155 16th Street , N.W .
Washington , D.C. 20036
202/872-6160
202/320-8836
rboege@comcast.net
www.usinnovation.org
US recession ' may last into 2010 '
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
US Federal Reserve chief Ben Bernanke has warned Congress that without the right policies from the government , the US recession could last into 2010 .
But he said if the Obama administration and the central bank can restore some measure of financial stability , 2010 could be a year of recovery .
Mr Bernanke made the comments to the Senate Banking Committee .
He also warned that the global nature of the downturn was a threat because exports would be hit .
In its attempts to revive the economy , the Federal Reserve has cut its key interest rate to nearly zero , while the Obama administration has recently signed a $ 787bn ( £ 546 bn ) economic stimulus package .
Mr Bernanke said that the potential economic turnaround would hinge on the success of such measures in getting credit and financial markets to operate more normally again .
We just got the worst consumer confidence number ever on record
Matt Esteve , Tempus Consulting , Washington
US retailers report profit falls " Only if that is the case , in my view there is a reasonable prospect that the current recession will end in 2009 and that 2010 will be a year of recovery , " he said .
Vicious circle Mr Bernanke reassured legislators that he was , " committed to using all available tools to stimulate economic activity and to improve financial market functioning " .
But he also outlined long - run predictions for the economy , which he said reflected " the view of policymakers that a full recovery of the economy from the current recession is likely to take more than two or three years " .
He described a vicious circle of rising unemployment and shrinking house prices and savings forcing consumers to cut back , which would in turn increase unemployment .
" To break that adverse feedback loop , it is essential that we continue to complement fiscal stimulus with strong government action to stabilise financial institutions and financial markets , " he said .
Speaking of the concern about bankers benefiting from bail - outs , he added that the country " ought not abstain from saving the financial system just because it rewards people who erred " .
Sliding confidence Mr Bernanke 's testimony came shortly after data showed that consumer confidence in February had fallen to the lowest level since the Conference Board began reporting the figures in 1967 .
Its sentiment index fell to a much worse - than - expected 25.0 in February from January 's figure of 37.4 .
" We just got the worst consumer confidence number ever on record , " said Matt Esteve , a foreign exchange trader at Tempus Consulting in Washington .
" Following yesterday 's awful sell - off in the stock market , it just highlights the risk that there is right now . "
House prices
There were also figures showing that the decline in US house prices had accelerated .
The S&P Case Shiller house price index showed the price of a single - family home had fallen 18.5 % in December , compared with the same month of 2007 .
It was the biggest drop since the index began being calculated 21 years ago .
" There are very few , if any , pockets of turnaround that one can see in the data , " said David Blitzer , chairman of S&P 's index committee .
" Most of the nation appears to remain on a downward path . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Alabama was colder than Alaska , water fountains froze into ice sculptures in South Carolina , and Florida shivered through an Arctic air blast as the coldest week of the winter continued to grip large parts of the US .
The Northeast in particular suffered from the bitterly cold air from Canada that sent temperatures plunging in some places below minus 34C ( minus 30 F ) and left even hardy veterans of such weather reluctant to venture outdoors .
It brought to an end a week which will be remembered for some time in Chicago .
The city has now suffered the most consecutive days of snow since records began in 1884 and , on Friday , the wind chill took the temperature to minus 40C .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The cold claimed at least six lives and contributed to dozens of traffic accidents .
One death involved a man in a wheelchair who was found in sub -zero temperatures stuck in the snow , a shovel in his hand , outside his home in Des Moines , Iowa .
Temperatures of minus 12C to minus 18C and sub-zero wind chills were expected in western New York through the weekend , with more seasonable conditions moving in early next week .
To Southerners , who rarely see temperatures so cold , the icebox - like weather was the most jarring .
Construction worker Allen Johnson wore a grey cap , flannel shirt , long johns and boots as he stopped for coffee in Montgomery , Alabama , after an overnight low of minus 6C on Friday .
" No matter how bad it is , it could be worse – we could be in Anchorage , Alaska , " Johnson said .
Actually , the temperature was about 6C warmer in Anchorage on Friday .
Freezing temperatures threatened to kill picturesque Spanish moss hanging from Gulf Coast trees , and in Spartanburg , South Carolina , a hard freeze coated a water fountain in shimmering icicles .
変態モジュール総 覧
Perl の世界には 、 「変態モジュール」と呼ばれるモジュールがたくさん存在します。
これらは、モジュールの形態をとりながら、Perl の内部に踏み込み、蹂躙しているという恐ろしい存在です。
しかしながら、これらのモジュールは使いどころを間違えなければ非常に有用であり、あなたのプログラムに無限の可能性をもたらすことでしょう。
自分の足をどうやって撃ちぬくか、よく考えてからつかってください。
下記のモジュールたちは、それ自体が変態的なものもあれば、変態的なことをするときに使うモジュールもあります。
PadWalker
PadWalker は変態モジュールの筆頭です。レキシカルスコープの変数を、レキシカルスコープの外から見たり書き換えたりできます。 peek_my peek_our peek_sub closed_over とい う４つの関数をサポートしています。
下記のようなありえない操作を可能にしてくれます。
sub increment_my_x { my $ h = peek_my ( 1 ) ; $ { $ h - >{'$ x'} }++ ; } my $ x = 5 ; increment_my_x ; print $ x ; # prints 6
このモジュールを使うと 、String :: TT のようなモジュールが作れます。
Lexical :: Persistence
レキシカル変数を永続的な変数にします。
下記のようなコードが動くようになります。
use Lexical : : Persistence ; my $ lp = Lexical :: Persistence ->new ( ) ; $ lp - > call ( \&setter ) ; $ lp -> call ( \&getter ) ; sub setter { my $x = " some value " } sub getter { print my $ x , "
" }
このモジュールは PadWalker と Devel : : LexAlias に依存しています 。
Devel :: LexAlias
他のスコープにレキシカル変数を export できます 。
use Devel : : LexAlias qw( lexalias ) ; sub steal_my_x { my $ foo = 1 ; lexalias ( 1 , ' $ x ' , \ $ foo ) ; } sub foo { my $ x = 22 ; print $ x ; # prints 22 steal_my_x ; print $ x ; # prints 1 }
Sub :: Name
Sub :: Name を使うと、コードリファレンスに名前をつけることができます。 anonymous coderef に名前を与えることも可能になります。 これにより 、stacktrace を見やすくすることができます 。
use Sub :: Name ; subname ' foo ' , sub { } ;
Devel:: GlobalDestruction
Perl には、インタープリタ終了時に global destruction というゴミ収集フェーズが存在します。 global destruction においては、オブジェクト回収の順番が微妙なので、なんか変な状態になります。 この問題によ り
、Perl ではデストラク タ( DESTROY ) を正しく実装するのが困難です。
この問題を解決するのが Devel : : GlobalDestruction です。このモジュールを使うと、global destruction 状態に あるかどうかを簡単に判別することができます。
use Devel : : GlobalDestruction ; sub DESTROY { return if in_glboal_destruction ( ) ; do_somthing_a_little_tricky ( ) ; }
Scope:: Guard
スコープからぬけるときに実行される coderef を定義できます 。
Devel :: Gladiator
Perl の内部におけるメモリの具合をみることができます。メモリリークをみつけたり、メモリ使用状況をプロファイリングするのに使えます。
autobox
Perl のプリミティブな型をオブジェクトかのように扱えます。PL_check をハックしていて、反則ぎりぎりですが、使いどころをまちがえなければ有用です。
my $ range = 10-> to ( 1 ) ; # [ 10 , 9 , 8 , 7 , 6 , 5 , 4 , 3 , 2 , 1 ]
macro.pm
Perl でマクロっぽいことができます 。
use macro my_if => sub{ $ _ [ 0 ] ? $ _ [ 1 ] : $ _ [ 2 ] } ; my_if ( 0 , say ( ' true ' ) , say ( ' false ' ) ) ; # only ' false ' is printed
Data :: Thunk
Perl で遅延評価を実現します 。
use Data :: Thunk qw ( lazy ) ; my % hash = ( foo => lazy { $ expensive } , ) ; $ hash {bar} {gorch} = $ hash {foo} ; $ hash{bar}{gorch} - > foo ; # vivifies the object warn overload : : StrVal ( $hash {foo} ) ; # replaced with the value
変態名簿
変態モジュールを探すには、変態っぽい人のモジュール一覧から探すのが簡単です。
http://search.cpan.org/~chocolate/
http://search.cpan.org/~nuffin/
http://search.cpan.org/~audreyt/
http://search.cpan.org/~gfuji/
目次へ
Last modified : $ Date : 2008-06-24T14:20:57.955997Z $
GOVERNMENT BLOCKS GAZA DEMONSTRATION AT ISRAELI EMBASSY
Ministers are obstructing the holding of a national demonstration on Saturday
to protest against the Israeli invasion of Gaza , march organisers said today .
Officials of the Royal Parks Agency , acting under the authority of Culture
Secretary Andy Burnham , have blocked a plan to hold a rally in Kensington
Palace Gardens near the Israeli Embassy in London .
The demonstration , organised by the Stop the War Coalition , Palestine
Solidarity Campaign and British Muslim Initiative , is expected to attract tens
of thousands of people from across the country , outraged at the massacre of
Palestinians taking place in Gaza .
" The arrangements for our march and rally were notified to the police days
ago , " Stop the War Coalition chair Andrew Murray said today .
" We have now
found that they are being blocked by the Parks authorities , in consultation
with ministers , on the spurious pretext of a lack of precedent .
" This nonsensical argument recalls government attempts to stop the rally
against the Iraq war in February 2003 on the grounds that the grass in Hyde
Park might be damaged .
" Ministers should understand that the anger against Israeli aggression against
the Palestinian people is also without precedent .
We are determined to
exercise our democratic right to express that outrage in a public space near
the Israeli Embassy .
" Attempting to block our plans - which have been drawn up with a view to
ensuring a peaceful and orderly protest on Saturday - risks making thousands of
people angrier still .
" We are therefore seeking an urgent meeting with Mr Burnham to ensure that he
removes these bureaucratic obstructions and allows our protest to proceed as
planned . "
From the Stop the War Coalition :
Labels : air strikes , gaza , hamas , invasion , Israel , palestine , stop the war coalition
The first time i saw this commercial i was really mad .
But reading other peoples comments I can understand the commercials good points now .
There is only thing about this commercial that still pisses me off :
They show a girl looking at apartment listings in a window with her ( assumed ) bf ( otherwise why else would she be pointing out apartments ? )
I am in this situation ( in a relationship long enough that we are planning on moving in together ) and i know that if i had to get plan B i would drag his ass to the pharmacy with me and make him pay half .
So why are none of these women going to the pharmacy with their significant others ( or just sex partners ) ?
Even if i had to get plan B because of casual sex , i would surely drag my sex partners ass to the pharmacy with me and / or make him shell out 25 bucks to cover half .
I get that they should show some women going alone to say " hey we have your back , even if you think youre in this alone " , but im tired of men having to bear no responsibility when it comes to BC .
So yea , i wish this commercial showed that men should have some responsibility in the matter , even if it is just paying for half .
Heyheyhey .
Hey .
Hey .
Hi. Hi .
How are ya ?
Happy Friday !
Hey .
Happy Friday !
Thanks go out to the couple of people who ordered Charles the Raver dog tags , and to whomever emailed me the completely unintelligible pimp cup email .
Very philosophical .
I know yesterday I figured out what I was going to write here today , but now my thoughts , like greased bowling balls down a slip - and - slide , are outta here .
That 's probably bad , is n't it ?
Oh well .
No worries .
It 's Friday !
Your Comments :
You walk into Bailey ’s or O’Neill ’s or McCann’s .
In the soft light , the sounds of ice clinking and glasses being put on the polished wood plank punctuate the oldies from the jukebox .
Someone at the end of the bar is reading the newspaper , and a couple of young men are playing darts , their beers in dripping steins on the shelf beside them .
You breathe in the smell of sawdust and memories as the bartender pulls a glass from behind the bar for your sacred regular drink .
It ’s the first draft beer of the day , or a vodka and grapefruit , or if you are nursing a hangover , a glass of white wine and soda and a Fernet Branca .
You take a sip and the bright street and blaring horns fade away , replaced by soothing , time - honored rituals : the fifth drink on the house , the way you can ask for a “ traveler ” in a plastic cup if you ’re leaving , the bills you leave on the bar so that the price of each drink is subtracted without the tawdry business of asking for money .
Time stops .
Sometimes , when the light is just right or you are with a certain person , you look into the mirror behind the bottles at the back of the bar — you always look wonderful in that mirror — and experience a moment of breathtaking transcendence .
You are entirely at home in the world , the song on the jukebox is exactly the right song , the drink is perfect , and everything , everything is exactly as it ’s meant to be .
I spent decades in bars , at home in the low light and the three - draft brilliance of the men I drank with .
Some of my earliest memories are of the old Menemsha Bar on 57th Street in Manhattan , where my father smoked Camels and drank Gilbey ’s and I ate maraschino cherries .
A generation later , my son ’s father took him to the bar on the corner near our apartment at bedtime for a nightcap or in the morning for an eye - opener .
The bartender fixed my son ’s regular drink without being asked : a Shirley Temple , heavy on the fruit .
On Saturday there was sometimes a baby in a carrier on the plank because a father had decided to let his wife sleep .
The bar was always a kind of secular church .
It was there that as an adult I confessed my problems to the bartender , there that I savored knowing the holy rituals of the place just as I loved knowing the responses to the questions in the Book of Common Prayer .
At church I also stood in front of a plank of polished wood — the altar rail — and drank a bit of boozy communion from a chalice instead of a shot glass .
Looking back it seems to me that , as a drinker , I was on a low - level search for God and for what they call in church “ the peace that passes all understanding . ”
I ’m not the first to notice a parallel between drinking and the divine .
“ Malt does more than Milton can to justify God ’s ways to man , ” wrote A.E. Houseman .
When he was asked about help for those who drink too much , Carl Jung wrote to Alcoholics Anonymous co-founder Bill Wilson that he thought men and women could only stop drinking after having a spiritual conversion .
The cure for drinking he wrote , was spiritus contra spiritum .
For some drinkers it turns out that God is not in the bars of their drinking days , nor at church , but in another set of rituals , those practiced in the 12 step rooms of A.A. even though the program is not officially religious and has no prescribed God .
In the last years of his life my father took me to A.A. meetings , as he had taken me to bars , as he had often taken me to the early communion service at All Saints church .
On the surface these three places — an Irish bar , an Episcopal Church and an Alcoholics Anonymous meeting — do n’t seem too similar .
They are not even sympathetic to each other .
In bars they do n’t like to hear about A.A. , and in A.A. they do n’t like to hear about church .
But in many ways they are the same , whether we pass a plate or a basket , whether we sit in uncomfortable pews or on uncomfortable folding chairs , whether we share our experiences , tell our troubles to the bartender , or confess to our minister .
They are all part of our human search for the divine , places where through ritual and community we reach for transcendence and sometimes find it .
Officially launched on January 20th , 2009 , GetListed.org is a fantastic new resource for small business owners that will help them learn more about the way their business is listed online .
The main goal of GetListed.org is " to help small businesses claim and enhance their listings at major search engines . "
It 's one of those tools search marketers will find handy in easing the pain of keeping track of local listings for their clients , at least for Google , Yahoo , Live Search and Best of the Web .
I 'm told by David Mihm , one of the tool 's creators , that more engines may be added in the future .
GetListed.org is extremely easy to use .
Simply enter the business name and zip code you want to look up .
You will then be able to view whether or not your business is listed in the local sections of Google , Yahoo , Best of the Web and Microsoft 's Live Search .
The Overview section will show you further details such as how many citations and reviews your listing has received
You 'll notice that for this particular listing , the business have 71 citations and 2 reviews in Google .
Clickable links allow you to see the actual citations and reviews .
As we continue to move through the tabs , you 'll notice a To Do section .
This provides a handy list of reminders on what has been completed and what is still pending for each engine .
This is followed by the Details section which will provide a nice snapshot of each listing .
Last but not least , the tool will provide a quick overview of the reviews that each listing has received .
Best of all , you can save your listings in your Dashboard simply by by entering a email address and password .
So how much does it cost ?
This is the best thing about the tool - nothing !
That 's right , it is completely free ... at least for now .
Whether it will stay free or at least the possibility of a paid version with added features will remain to be seen .
At this time however , it is a valuable tool that every small business owner concerned with their search marketing efforts will want to take advantage of .
These results have been ascribed to the rules imposed on believers and to the social support they receive from fellow worshipers , but these external factors did n’t account for all the benefits .
In the new paper , the Miami psychologists surveyed the literature to test the proposition that religion gives people internal strength .
“ We simply asked if there was good evidence that people who are more religious have more self - control , ” Dr. McCullough .
“ For a long time it was n’t cool for social scientists to study religion , but some researchers were quietly chugging along for decades .
When you add it all up , it turns out there are remarkably consistent findings that religiosity correlates with higher self - control . ”
As early as the 1920s , researchers found that students who spent more time in Sunday school did better at laboratory tests measuring their self - discipline .
Subsequent studies showed that religiously devout children were rated relatively low in impulsiveness by both parents and teachers , and that religiosity repeatedly correlated with higher self - control among adults .
Devout people were found to be more likely than others to wear seat belts , go to the dentist and take vitamins .
But which came first , the religious devotion or the self - control ?
It takes self - discipline to sit through Sunday school or services at a temple or mosque , so people who start out with low self - control are presumably less likely to keep attending .
But even after taking that self - selection bias into account , Dr. McCullough said there is still reason to believe that religion has a strong influence .
“ Brain - scan studies have shown that when people pray or meditate , there ’s a lot of activity in two parts of brain that are important for self - regulation and control of attention and emotion , ” he said .
“ The rituals that religions have been encouraging for thousands of years seem to be a kind of anaerobic workout for self - control . ”
Paper Houses New Design Could Revolutionize World Slums
A new invention could soon change the face of shantytowns across the globe .
Called " Universal World House , " the structures are light , cheap -- and made of paper .
Where Did Taxpayer Money Go? Panel Slams Treasury Congressional panel criticizes Treasury for use of $ 700 billion rescue package .
Jan. 9 , 2009  --
A scathing new report by a congressional watchdog panel blames the Treasury Department for failing to track how banks are spending taxpayer money provided through the government 's $ 700 billion financial rescue package , also known as the Troubled Asset Relief Program , or TARP .
The panel , which has been charged with overseeing TARP and is led by Harvard Law professor Elizabeth Warren , said in its report that it " still does not know what the banks are doing with taxpayer money . "
By investing in banks that have refused " to provide any accounting of how they are using taxpayer money , " the Treasury Department has " eroded " public confidence , the report stated .
The panel also asked whether the Treasury Department , which has allocated more than $ 350 billion from the rescue package so far , failed to comply with Congress ' instructions to tackle the country 's foreclosure crisis .
The department took " no steps to use any of [ the $ 700 billion rescue package ] to alleviate the foreclosure crisis , " and that " raises questions about whether Treasury has complied with Congress ' intent that Treasury develop a ' plan that seeks to maximize assistance for homeowners , ' " the report said .
" I 'll be perfectly blunt with you , I 'm shocked that we have to ask these questions , but what I will say is I 'm not giving up on this , " Warren told Chris Cuomo in an exclusive interview today on " Good Morning America . "
But Warren added that it falls to Congress to " take a very hard look " at whether the Treasury Department has too much discretion in spending TARP funds .
" Ultimately [ I ] do n't have a badge , do n't have a gun , " she said .
" It 's up to Congress [ to decide ] what they 're going to do about making more requirements in how Treasury uses this money . "
The good news , Warren said , " is that these questions have gotten a lot of attention and a lot of people are demanding answers and when a lot of people start to demand answers , things start to change . "
Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson today defended the TARP program while acknowledging that challenges remain .
Paulson Defends TARP
" The TARP has been essential and I believe that the decisions we 've made with 20 /20 hindsight will prove to be the right ones with the TARP , but there 's a lot more that still needs to be done , " he said in an interview this afternoon with Bloomberg television .
Paulson made no direct reference to the Warren report , but he did speak about at least one issue highlighted by the report : the lack of TARP spending in helping homeowners facing foreclosure .
The government 's initial focus , he said , was stabilizing the financial system through investments in banks .
Paulson said he was " reluctant to move ahead with a foreclosure plan immediately " because he was concerned about getting " the maximum bang for the buck " and the initial results of early home loan modification " were not encouraging . "
He suggested that it would be up to the incoming Obama Administration to deal with the foreclosure crisis .
" I think this is something that Congress and the American people want and I 'm going to look with interest at what the next team does here because I think it 's important , " he said .
The Congressional Oversight Panel plans to issue another report with recommendations on stemming foreclosures .
Among the other issues raised in today 's report :
Executive Compensation :
The panel asked why the Treasury Department has n't developed a " uniform program " to limit executive compensation at banks receiving TARP funds , noting that there have been " extensive conditions " imposed on auto companies that are receiving TARP money .
" Healthy " Banks , " Overvalued " Assets ?
The report noted that the Treasury Department initially said that it would invest funds in " healthy " banks , naming Citigroup among them and providing the bank with $ 25 billion .
But less than a month later , Treasury gave Citi $ 20 billion in additional financing " apparently to avoid systemic failure . "
" These events suggest that the marketplace assesses the assets of some banks well below Treasury 's assessment , " the report said .
" Until asset valuation is more transparent and until the market is confident that the banks have written down bad loans and accurately priced their assets , efforts to restore stability and confidence in the financial system may fail . "
TARP Oversight Issues
Strategy Behind Who Receives TARP
Money : Though TARP originally was conceived as a bank rescue plan , the dozens of companies that have received preliminary or full approval for TARP funds include the credit card company American Express and insurance giant AIG .
The panel said that Treasury should " clearly identify the types of institutions it believes fall under the purview " of the rescue package .
" The question is how the infusion of billions of dollars to an insurance conglomerate or a credit card company advances both the goal of financial stability and the well - being of taxpayers , including homeowners threatened by foreclosure , people losing their jobs and families unable to pay their credit cards , " the report said .
Unanswered Questions :
Of the 44 questions the panel presented earlier to the Treasury Department , the department responded to 19 .
The report suggests that some of the answers the Treasury provided were inadequate .
" While Treasury 's letter provided responses to some of the panel 's questions and shed some light on Treasury 's decision - making process , it did not provide complete answers to several of the questions and failed to address some of the questions at all , " the report said .
" The panel is concerned that Treasury 's initial response to our questions is not comprehensive and seems largely derived from earlier Treasury public statements , " it said .
The Origins of the Credit Crisis :
The panel said that the Treasury should " provide an analysis of the origins of the credit crisis and the factors that exacerbated it . "
" Only then , " the report said , " will Congress be able to determine the appropriate legislative responses . "
「 オープンソースカンファレンス2009 Sendai」が1月24日、宮城県仙台市の東北電子専門学校で開催された。公式サイトのタイトルには「来ないとお仕置きだっちゃ☆」との追記が見えるが、アットホームな雰囲気の中で進行するカンファレンスであった。
本稿では 、NEC OSS プ ラットフォーム開発本部 エキスパートの姉崎章博氏による講 演「 OSS をライセンス的に正しく使う／プロプラだけの製品とするための11のチェックポイント」を紹介する。なお、特に断りがない限り、全て日本の著作権法について説明している。
オープンソースソフトウェアをライセンス的に正しく使うために
姉崎氏が挙げたチェックポイントは次の11点。
その社製プログラム、すべて自社の著作物ですか？
商用プログラムを同梱している場合、必要な手続きはお済みですか？
他人の著作物を使用していないことを確認するためコード検査をしていますか？
OSS の「使用」、つまり、一部ソース流用も含め、OSSを一切同梱していないですか？ 単なる同梱でもOSSの「利用」です。ライセンスを遵守していますか？
BSDタイプのOSSライセンスでも許諾要件があります。要件を満たしていますか？
GPL / LGPL/MPLタイプのOSSはソース開示していますか？
LGPL OSS 機能の利用プログラムのリバースエンジニアリングを許可していますか？
GPLタイプOSS機能の利用プログラムのソースを開示していますか？
遵守しやすいように、ライセンスごとに分けたプログラム構造、物件管理をしていますか？ 利用するOSSに還元していますか？
姉崎氏 は
「1～9までは必須（の対応）です。10と11はやってくれたらベター」と語っているほか、「問題が起こることの少ない、6のようなBSDタイプをチェックする必要もある」と指摘している。
1. その社製プログラム、すべて自社の著作物ですか？
姉崎章博氏 姉崎章博 氏
コンピュータプログラムは、著作権法で保護される著作物のひとつだ。著作物には、小説、論文、音楽、絵画、映画、写真などがある。
その著作権に含まれる権利には、複製権や譲渡権、公衆送信権があるが、その中には二次的著作物の利用に関する原作者の権利も含まれる。二次的著作物に対する権利は「映画に対する原作があるなら、原作に対する許可がいるよ」（同）とでもいえよう。そして、映画と同様、著作物として保護されるコンピュータプログラムにも、この権利が適用されることになる。
そのため、姉崎氏は 「 オープンソースソフトウェアは単に、自由に使えるものではない」
「オープンソースソフトウェアにはOSSライセンスと総称されるライセンスがある」と語る。著作権がない、もしくは失効した許諾不要のパブリックドメインソフトウェアとは異なるのだ。
As Israel persists in its military efforts – by ground , air and sea – to protect its citizens from deadly Hamas rockets , and as protests against Israel increase around the world , the success of the abominable Hamas double war crime strategy becomes evident .
The strategy is as simple as it is cynical : provoke Israel by playing Russian roulette with its children , firing rockets at kindergartens , playgrounds and hospitals ; hide behind its own civilians when firing at Israeli civilians ; refuse to build bunkers for its own civilians ; have the TV cameras ready to transmit every image of dead Palestinians , especially children ; exaggerate the number of civilians killed by including as " children " Hamas fighters who are under 18 , and as " women " , female terrorists .
Hamas itself has a name for this .
They call it " the CNN strategy " ( this is not to criticize CNN or any other objective news source for doing its job ; it is to criticise Hamas for exploiting the freedom of press , which it forbids in Gaza ) .
The CNN strategy is working because decent people all over the world are naturally sickened by images of dead and injured children .
When they see such images repeatedly flashed across TV screens , they tend to react emotionally .
Rather than asking why these children are dying and who is to blame for putting them in harm 's way , the average viewer , regardless of their political or ideological perspective , wants to see the killing stopped .
They blame those whose weapons directly caused the deaths , rather than those who provoked the violence by deliberately targeting civilians .
They forget the usual rules of morality and law .
For example , when a murderer takes a hostage and fires from behind his human shield , and a policeman , in an effort to stop the shooting accidentally kills the hostage , the law of every country holds the hostage taker guilty of murder – even though the policeman fired the fatal shot .
The same is true of the law of war .
The use of human shields , in the way Hamas uses the civilian population of Gaza , is a war crime , as is its firing of rockets at Israeli civilians .
Every human shield that is killed by Israeli self - defence measures is the responsibility of Hamas , but you would n't know that from watching the media coverage .
The CNN strategy seems to work better , at least in some parts of the world , against Israel that it would against other nations .
There are many more protests – and fury – directed against Israel when it inadvertently kills fewer than 100 civilians in a just war of self - defence , than against Arab and Muslim nations and groups that deliberately kill far more civilians for no legitimate reason .
It is n't the nature of the victims , since more Arabs and Muslim civilians are killed every day in Africa and the Middle East by Arab and Muslim governments and groups – with little or no protest .
( For example , on the first day of Israel 's ground attack , approximately 30 Palestinians , almost all Hamas combatants , were killed .
On the same day , an Islamic suicide bomber blew herself up in a mosque in Iraq , killing 40 innocent Muslims .
No protests .
Little media coverage . )
It is n't the nature of the killings , since Israel goes to extraordinary lengths to avoid killing civilians – if for no other reason than that it hurts their cause – while Hamas does everything in its power to force Israel to kill Palestinian civilians by firing its missiles from densely - populated civilian areas and refusing to build shelters for its civilians .
It is n't the nature of the conflict , because Israel is fighting a limited war of self - defence designed to protect its own civilians from rocket attacks , while most of those killed by Arabs and Muslims are killed in genocidal and tribal warfare with no legitimate aim .
The world simply does n't seem to care when Arabs and Muslims kill large numbers of other Arabs and Muslims , but a qualitatively different standard seems to apply when the Jewish state kills even a relatively small number of Muslims and Arabs in a war of self - defence .
The international community does n't even seem to care when Palestinian children are killed by rocket fire – unless it is from Israeli rockets .
The day before the recent outbreak of hostilities , Hamas fired an anti-personnel rocket at Israeli civilians , but the rocket fell short of its target and killed two Palestinian girls .
Yet there was virtually no coverage and absolutely no protests against these " collateral " civilian deaths .
Hamas refused to allow TV cameras to show these dead Palestinian children , who were killed by their own rockets .
Nor have there been protests against the cold - blooded murders by Hamas and its supporters of dozens of Palestinian civilians who allegedly " collaborated " with Israel .
Indeed , Hamas and Fatah have killed far more Palestinian civilians over the past several years than have the Israeli Defence Force , but you would n't know that from the media , the United Nations or protesters , who focus selectively on only those deaths caused by Israeli military actions .
The protestors who have filled the streets of London , Paris and San Francisco and elsewhere in recent days were nowhere to be seen when hundreds of Jewish children were murdered by Palestinian terrorists over the years .
Moreover , the number of civilians killed by Israel is almost always exaggerated .
First , it widely assumed that if a victim is a " child " or a " woman " , he or she is necessarily a civilian .
Consider the following report in New York Times last week : " Hospital officials in Gaza said that of the more than 390 people killed by Israeli fighter planes since Saturday , 38 were children and 25 women . "
Some of these children and women were certainly civilians , but others were equally certainly combatants : Hamas often uses Palestinian youths , as well as women , as terrorists .
Israel is entitled , under international law , to treat these children and women as the combatants they have become .
Hamas cannot , out of one side of its mouth , boast that it recruits young people and women to become terrorists , and then , out of the other side of its mouth , complain when Israel takes them at their word .
The media should look closely and critically at the number of claimed civilian victims before accepting self - serving and self - contradictory exaggerations .
By any objective count , the number of genuinely innocent civilians killed by the Israeli air force in Gaza is lower than the collateral deaths caused by any nation in a comparable situation .
Hamas does everything in its power to provoke Israel into killing as many Palestinian civilians as possible , in order to generate condemnation against the Jewish state .
They have gone so far as firing rockets from Palestinian schoolyards and hiding their terrorists in Palestinian maternity wards .
Lest there be any doubt about the willingness of Hamas to expose their families to martyrdom , remember that the Hamas terrorist leader recently killed in an Israeli air attack sent his own son to be a suicide bomber , and then refused to allow his family to leave their house even after learning that he and his house has been placed on the list of military targets .
Nor is this double standard applied to Israel on the one hand , and Arab and Muslim nations and groups on the other hand , limited to the current situation in Gaza .
It has provided an excuse for the international community to remain silent in the face of massive human rights violations including genocides perpetrated by Arabs and Muslims around the world for years .
Many of those who protest Israeli self - defence actions remain silent in the face of real genocides – such as that in Darfur .
The reality is that the elected and de facto government of Gaza has declared war against Israel .
Under Article 51 of the United Nations Charter , they have committed an " armed attack " against the Jewish state .
The Hamas charter calls for Israel 's total destruction .
Under international law , Israel is entitled to take whatever military action is necessary to repel that attack and stop the rockets .
It must seek to minimise civilian deaths in a manner consistent with the legitimate military goal , and it is doing precisely that , despite Hamas efforts to maximise civilian deaths on both sides .
The best outcome for the purpose of producing peace would be the destruction or substantial weakening of Hamas , which rejects the two - state solution .
Israel and the Palestinian Authority could then agree on a peace that would end both the Israeli occupation and the rocketing of Israeli civilians .
' Hoax ' call almost took nuclear powers to war : Officials Stephen C. Webster
Published : Sunday December 7 , 2008
Print This Email This During the recent terrorist assault on Mumbai , India , an alleged ' hoax ' phone call to the Pakistani government had the two countries on the razor 's edge of war .
According to reports Sunday , a man posing as India 's foreign minister called Pakistani President Asif Zardari on Friday , Nov. 28 , and threatened military action if Islamabad did not hand over those behind the attacks , Pakistani newspapers reported on Saturday .
" I had made no such telephone call , " Mukherjee said in a statement explaining how India rushed to clarify that the call was a hoax .
" I can only ascribe this series of events to those in Pakistan who wish to divert attention from the fact that a terrorist group operating from Pakistani territory planned and launched a ghastly attack on Mumbai . "
Some in the Indian media , however , placed blame directly at the feet of Pakistan 's intelligence service , the ISI .
While refusing to comment on the claim , the thinking within the Indian Foreign Office is that such disinformation stories could only mean that the Inter - Services Intelligences dirty tricks department is very much at work , " reported The Hindu .
" The ISI and the Army are trying to divert internal and external attention from their complicity in Mumbai terror and thereby clawing their way into public acceptability in Pakistan .
Pakistan 's public stance on the incident has been quite to the contrary .
Wajid Hasan , Pakistan 's ambassador in London , told UK's Guardian that the call was traced directly to the Indian government .
" They did it , " he said .
" It was not a hoax call , but an instrument of psychological warfare .
They were trying to scare Pakistan , test the waters for our reaction . "
The US sent Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice to India and Pakistan last week to keep a lid on tensions between the neighbours , who have fought three wars since independence from Britain in 1947 .
Pakistan has repeatedly called for " concrete proof " from India , which says the only gunman captured alive has admitted that all the attackers had come from across the border .
The following video is from CBS News , aired Sunday , Dec. 7 .
With wire reports
- 18:07 -
As the publishing industry gradually moves online , Google has discovered that it's hard to shift some of its initiatives in the other direction -- specifically , advertisements .
" While we hoped that Print Ads would create a new revenue stream for newspapers and produce more relevant advertising for consumers , the product has not created the impact that we -- or our partners -- wanted , " Spencer Spinnell , director of Google print ads , wrote in a blog post Tuesday .
" As a result , we will stop offering print ads on February 28 .
" Google launched the print ad program in November 2006 , then expanded it in 2007 , but with the recession in full bloom , the search giant has been winnowing projects to cut expenses .
Google also offers programs for video and radio ads .
Spinnell said Google still wants to find a way to help the ailing journalism trade .
" We remain dedicated to working with publishers to develop new ways for them to earn money , distribute and aggregate content , and attract new readers online , " he said .
" We will continue to devote a team of people to look at how we can help newspaper companies .
It is clear that the current Print Ads product is not the right solution , so we are freeing up those resources to try to come up with new and innovative online solutions that will have a meaningful impact for users , advertisers , and publishers . "
Tomorrow will be the grand opening of the latest addition to the skyline of Dubai , United Arab Emirates ( UAE ) .
The Atlantis Palm Resort , with over 1,500 rooms , will be hosting an opening ceremony with celebrities from around the world tomorrow night .
The rapid development in Dubai and across the UAE has n't all been easy lately , as infrastructure problems ( handling rising levels of waste to match massive development ) , and world financial struggles have slowed progress .
Wealthy Dubai continues to grow though , in both land area as new islands are built , and in height as new , taller skyscrapers are planned to best the Burj Dubai , already the tallest in the world .
( 28 photos total
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) -- President Bush announced Saturday that he will host the first of what could be several summits of world leaders to discuss the global response to the financial crisis .
" It is essential that we work together because we 're in this crisis together , " Bush said at Camp David , Maryland , with French President Nicolas Sarkozy and European Union President Jose Manuel Barroso .
" Together we will work to modernize our financial systems , " Bush said .
" We must resist the temptation of financial isolationism . "
Bush said the summit would include developed and developing nations from around the world .
No date was set , though a White House statement said the gathering would be held in the United States " soon after " the November 4 general election .
Sarkozy emphasized the need to bring Asian states into the discussions .
" We must make haste , because we must stabilize the marketplace , " he said .
" This is a worldwide crisis , so therefore we must find a worldwide solution . "
Watch Bush and Sarkozy discuss the global financial crisis »
The summit will seek to establish reform measures to " assure global prosperity in the future " and would be the first in a possible series of such meetings designed to implement the measures .
White House spokesman Tony Fratto told reporters it would be " too ambitious " to handle all the issues facing the massive financial crisis in a single summit .
Last week , European countries acted quickly to prop up their banking systems , promising billions of euros in loan guarantees and billions more to invest in troubled banks .
Sarkozy alone pledged to pour 360 billion euros into the French banking system .
On Friday , Germany 's upper house of Parliament unanimously voted to adopt a $ 670.7 billion stabilization package for the country 's economy .
Watch how the crisis is affecting emerging markets »
The Swiss government announced Thursday that it would invest $ 5.3 billion into banking giant UBS to strengthen its capital base .
The Swiss National Bank will also give UBS a $ 54 billion loan to create a stabilization fund .
Singapore said Thursday that it will guarantee $ 102 billion worth of bank deposits for more than two years .
Earlier , Hong Kong moved to protect its deposits .
The South Korean government announced a package of foreign currency payment guarantees worth $ 100 billion for domestic banks to help stabilize the nation 's volatile financial markets , state - run media reported Sunday .
The government will guarantee the payment of all foreign currency loans raised by Korean lenders abroad until June for a period of three years , the Yonhap news agency said .
CNN correspondent Kathleen Koch contributed to this report .
All About Financial Markets • European Commission • Nicolas Sarkozy • Germany
Apparently she ’s vewy vewy mad at the mean liberal bloggers who brought her down .
From Jane at FDL :
Ms. Palin directed most of her media criticism at liberal bloggers , whom she twice called , “ those bloggers in their parents ’ basement just talkin’ garbage . ”
Better than running the country from your parents ’ basement .
“ Just talkin , ” huh ?
Seriously , can this woman put a single proper English sentence together ?
Just once ?
Jane has more , included the bios of five of the top bloggers – bios that show that , far from being children writing in their parents ’ basement , the top liberal bloggers actually have far more education and experience than the Wasilla beauty queen .
( And up until the time she was nominated for VP , I ’d met more world leaders than Palin . )
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
Beijing enjoyed its third day of artificially induced snow on Thursday after its longest drought in 38 years .
The four - month drought ended on Tuesday when snow fell after iodide sticks had been fired into the sky to seed clouds .
Hundreds of sticks were also blasted on Wednesday to increase the snowfall over northern China .
" The snow has brought moisture to the soil , which may help end the drought , " Guo Yingchun , an engineer at a meteorological observatory said .
The Chinese capital rarely experiences snow flurries but it was proving to be a draw for some visitor attractions including sections of the Great Wall .
The Chinese authorities have used cloud - seeding methods in the past - including to prevent rain in the run-up to the Beijing Olympics - although there is little scientific evidence of their effectiveness .
The snow led to the closure on Thursday of 12 main roads around Beijing .
However the artificially - induced snow was forecast to end by nightfall , according to Beijing 's meteorological bureau .
" The $ 110 earphones ( that look a whole lot like those In - Tech Vibe earphones we saw yesterday ) "
These are the same headphones as yesterday ...
If you follow yesterdays link to Aving.net , you can see close - ups of the pink headphones with the Outi brand on them .
I would definitely be interested in getting these as ear buds and traditional headphones hurts my ears with extended wear but I am a bit skeptical to the sound quality and can't find any reviews .
Other bone conducting headphone reviews I have found have had less than flattering reviews .
WASP Washington Advanced Systems for Programming
Diamond : A Language for Modules and Objects
Diamond is an object - oriented language we are using to investigate novel module systems .
The current incarnation of Diamond combines ML - style parameterized modules ( functors ) , object - oriented extensibility , and flexible type abstraction .
Diamond extends our group 's previous work on modular extensibility in the EML , MultiJava , and Relaxed MultiJava languages .
We also plan to use a variant of the Diamond core calculus to guide the design of Diesel .
Motivation :
A module system is a mechanism for combining discrete pieces of software ( modules ) into a larger piece of software .
A good module system should support the following software engineering goals :
Local reasoning : Programmers should n't have to think about the whole program in order to write a part of it .
Programmers should be able to program modules against strong , statically checked interfaces that abstractly describe the rest of the program .
Programmers should n't have to think about the whole program in order to write a part of it .
Programmers should be able to program modules against strong , statically checked interfaces that abstractly describe the rest of the program .
Code reuse : Programmers should n't have to repeat themselves .
Programmers should be able to write a piece of code once , and use the module system 's composition mechanisms to extend or adapt that code to many purposes .
Many programming languages support object - oriented extensibility --- the ability both to add new subclasses to existing data types , and to add overriding methods to existing functions .
However , object - oriented programming languages have struggled to provide these features while supporting adequate modules .
The traditional solution has been either to provide a weak module system , to impose highly restrictive limitations on extensibility , or both .
In particular , no previous language has combined good support for symmetric multiple dispatch and parameterized modules .
By integrating all these features , we are able to cleanly support a variety of useful programming idioms , including mixins and most of the traditional uses of parameterized classes ( generics ) .
Key technical challege :
Providing these features in purely unrestricted form can lead to unsound modular type checking , and therefore runtime errors .
The challenge is in devising a set of restrictions and type - theoretic mechanisms that together preserve the useful programming idioms while ruling out unsoundness .
Status :
A paper describing F ( EML ) , a successor to EML , will appear in ECOOP 2006 .
A preprint PDF is available .
A preliminary presentation on F ( EML ) appeared in the FOOL / WOOD 2006 workshop .
This version is deprecated .
Contacts :
These $ 40 Light Saber Umbrellas are the first to combine the coolness of staying dry when it 's raining with the incredible sadness of wielding a nonfunctional lightsaber out in public .
That said , I take mine everywhere .
Wow , is it just me or is it raining lady - killer in here ? *
* It 's just me .
Come get some , beautiful .
Hit the jump for several more pictures of the awesome .
Also , when rain hits a lightsaber does it crackle and pop like a bug - zapper ?
That 's what I imagine .
UPDATE : Bladerunner Umbrellas , not Star Wars .
What , can you blame a guy for drinking ?
Light Saber Umbrella - LED and rain protector together at last [ redferret ]
Thanks to Alexander , who does n't need an LED flashlight to light up the night -- he glows because he was exposed to radiation as a child .
Watching TV is one of the most popular pastimes and favorite leisure activities .
Over the years , the amount of entertainment content offered to viewers online has expanded exponentially .
Here is where FULLTV .TV comes in ; a website that is making its mark in the industry thanks to its outstanding material such as free movies online , TV series online as well as TV shows online .
An ICC prosecutor has sought a warrant for Mr Bashir 's arrest Sudan 's President Omar Hassan al - Bashir has announced an immediate ceasefire in the Darfur region of western Sudan .
He said his government would start disarming militias and restrict the use of weapons among armed groups .
Darfuri rebel groups did not take part in talks , and analysts have questioned the president 's motivation .
Previous ceasefires have failed , while Mr Bashir has faced intense pressure after an international court prosecutor sought a warrant for his arrest .
The International Criminal Court prosecutor sought to indict him in July on charges of genocide , war crimes and crimes against humanity committed in Darfur .
The BBC's Amber Henshaw , in Khartoum , says the government hopes this plan will be enough to convince the international community to defer the case against Mr Bashir .
But similar declarations in the past have come and gone without making any difference on the ground in Darfur , she adds .
Up to 300,000 people have died and more than two million have fled their homes in Darfur since 2003 .
Rebel groups began the conflict in 2003 , but since then militia groups seen as having links to Mr Bashir 's government have been held responsible for waves of violence against civilians .
Monitoring Mr Bashir made the announcement after hearing the final recommendations of the Sudan People 's Initiative ( SPI ) , a government - backed plan to find peace for Darfur that did not involve any rebel groups .
The recommendations were expected to lay the foundation for a possible peace conference in Qatar .
ACCUSATIONS AGAINST BASHIR Genocide : Killing members of the Fur , Masalit and Zaghawa ethnic groups Causing members of these groups serious bodily or mental harm Inflicting conditions of life calculated to bring about these groups ' physical destruction Crimes against humanity : Murder Extermination Forcible transfer Rape Torture War crimes : Attacks on civilians in Darfur Pillaging towns and villages
Who are Sudan 's Darfur rebels ?
Send us your comments " I hereby announce our immediate unconditional ceasefire between the armed forces and the warring factions , provided that an effective monitoring mechanism is put into action and observed by all involved parties , " Mr Bashir said .
The Justice and Equality Movement ( JEM ) , a key rebel group , told the Reuters news agency on Wednesday that it could not agree to the ceasefire .
However , Sudanese Industry Minister Jalal al - Dugair , a spokesman for the SPI , told the BBC that the government would launch contacts with the rebel groups to promote the ceasefire .
Some diplomats believe the ceasefire announcement is a step in the right direction , our correspondent reports .
But the US charge d'affaires in Khartoum , Alberto Fernandez , told the BBC the challenge now would be to translate good ideas into a improvement on the ground for the people of Darfur .
" That was the challenge before the Sudan 's People 's Initiative , [ and ] it is still the challenge , " he said .
Multiple factors Ali Hassan , the head of the Unamid peacekeeping force in southern Darfur , told the Associated Press the Sudanese government was to be praised for putting " something concrete on the table for discussion " .
The proposal puts on the table " almost all the issues the rebels have demanded , " Mr Hassan said , adding that the UN and Qatar would now work to bring the rebels into the ceasefire .
HAVE YOUR SAY
Although it seems unlikely - I really hope this lasts .
Dean , Birmingham , UK
One international observer told our correspondent that it was partly an attempt by the Sudanese government to put pressure on rebel groups to sign up to a 2006 peace agreement , which most rebels rejected .
There are also hopes that the announcement will put pressure on the international community to set up a monitoring force in Darfur , as no such force exists at the moment .
Interviewed by the BBC on Tuesday before Mr Bashir 's announcement , Sudan 's Foreign Minister Deng Alor said any ceasefire would not come as a direct response to the ICC , but might influence it .
" If we come up with the clear roadmap for Darfur , then I think we can have the moral authority to begin to ask ... whether they could defer the decision by the ICC , " he said .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Last night ’s
House vote on the Democratic stimulus package , where not a single Republican voted in favor , was another shot across the bow for this incredibly unmanageable $ 900 billion behemoth of a program that truly will not stimulate the economy .
Team Obama is now regrouping in the face of mounting criticism of this package .
GOP economist Martin Feldstein revoked his prior support of a stimulus plan in this morning ’s Washington Post .
“ In its current form , ” Feldstein wrote , “ [ the plan ] does too little to raise national spending and employment .
It would be better for the Senate to delay legislation for a month , or even two , if that ’s what it takes to produce a much better bill .
We cannot afford an $ 800 billion mistake . ”
Clinton economic adviser Alice Rivlin made the same point yesterday in testimony for the House Budget Committee .
Her message : Divide up the package and slow down the process .
Former Ronald Reagan and George W. Bush economist Larry Lindsey criticized the package in this morning ’s Wall Street Journal .
He said the plan “ is heavily weighted toward direct government spending , transfers to state and local governments , and tax changes that have virtually no effect on marginal tax rates . ”
Lindsey proposes a big payroll tax cut that would slice three points off the rate for both the employer and the employee .
Rush Limbaugh also makes an appearance in today ’s Journal .
He has a clever idea to give Obama 54 percent of the $ 900 billion package — equating that amount to the new president ’s electoral majority — while 46 percent , which was John McCain ’s electoral tally , would go to a tax - cut plan that would halve the U.S. corporate tax rate and provide a capital - gains tax holiday for one year , after which the investment tax would drop to 10 percent .
The man who says he was beaten by three off - duty police officers in downtown Vancouver earlier this week is telling his horrific story for the first time .
Speaking from his Surrey , B.C. home , Phil Khan says he has not been able to sleep since the alleged assault early Wednesday .
" I am traumatized , very afraid ... now I feel very different , " he told CTV News , flanked by his wife and young daughters .
Khan had parked his truck outside the Hyatt hotel in the 600 - block of Burrard St. just past 2 a.m.
Wednesday and was preparing to bring his newspaper delivery inside when he was approached by a man yelling at him .
" ( He said ) come here you idiot , " Khan said .
" You come here f**king now , ( and he ) pulled my kangaroo jacket over my head . "
Khan says by that time two other men arrived on scene .
A cab driver Yash - he did not want to give his full name - said he picked up the officers from the Roxy nightclub on Granville Street and drove them to the location .
He told CTV he witnessed the entire beating .
" He was crying for help so loudly .
He was saying ' they 're going to kill me !
Can anybody help me !
Please help me !'
Then I tried to stop the fight .
I ask the guy ' do n't do this . '
Then the one guy , he come over here , he start swearing to me and yelling . "
Yash said he was frightened for his own safety .
" They were beating very badly that guy ...
They 're kicking , punching .
He had blood coming out from the lips .
I saw it . "
Yash said when the Vancouver police department officers arrived they initially arrested the victim of the attack .
" They were still beating when the police show up .
Police that came and then they break the fight , " he said .
Khan , who has bandages on his hands , says he is traumatized , and has serious injuries to his head - as well as internal injuries .
He has lost a filling and chipped a tooth .
Khan believes the attack could be racially motivated .
" He was telling me ' I do n't like brown people ' he kept saying it .
They said ' we are the police , ' I tell him ' people they do n't beat people like this ' and they kept saying ' you 're going to get it , you 're going to get it . ' "
Police reaction
In a statement issued Thursday , Vancouver Police Chief Jim Chu says he wants to reassure the public that police are investigating the matter fully and aggressively , and he 's urging anyone who may have witnessed or video taped the incident to contact police .
The three officers are from the New Westminster , Delta and West Vancouver police departments .
The 38 - year - old constable from New Westminster has been suspended , while desk duties have been handed to the other two constables .
No charges have been laid .
The trio were arrested around 2:30 a.m. on Wednesday and released last night around 9 p.m .
The officers are relatively new to their jobs , with the most senior of the men having just four years experience .
Statistics released by the Office of the Police Complaints Commissioner in November showed that 106 municipal police officers were guilty of misconduct between Oct. 1 , 2006 , and Oct. 1 , 2008 .
If you have any information about this story , email us at bcassign@ctv.ca
A drug prescribed for male and female infertility and menstrual disorders could hold the key to a more effective treatment for alcoholism , according to a study by researchers at the UCSF - affiliated Ernest Gallo Clinic and Research Center .
The study showed that “ alcoholic ” rodents , when injected with the drug cabergoline , decreased their alcohol consumption and alcohol - seeking behavior and were less likely to relapse .
Cabergoline , which is marketed under the trade name Dostinex , is approved by the Food and Drug Administration in pill form to treat conditions caused by excess of the hormone prolactin .
The study , led by Dorit Ron , PhD , a principal investigator at the Gallo Center and associate professor of neurology at UCSF , is now online , in the journal Biological Psychiatry .
Notably , cabergoline did not impact the rats ’ consumption of sucrose and , in a subgroup of binge - drinking mice , the drug did not appear to significantly affect intake of water or saccharin .
“ This is encouraging , ” says Ron , “ because it demonstrates that cabergoline is specific for alcohol , but does not affect general reward or pleasure .
One of the problems with some existing drugs to treat alcoholism is a side effect that decreases pleasure , making compliance an obstacle to sobriety . ”
The research builds on an earlier , provocative finding by Ron and her colleagues regarding the protein GDNF ( glial cell line - derived neurotrophic factor ) , which they had injected into rats ’ VTA ( ventral tegmental area ) brain region , associated with drug - seeking behavior .
advertisement
In this earlier study , the scientists had trained rats to consume alcohol .
Some , like humans , drank in moderation , while others binged .
But when GDNF was administered , both heavy and light drinkers lost at least some of their craving for alcohol .
This effect became apparent within 10 minutes and lasted at least 24 hours , the scientists discovered .
Importantly , administration of GDNF into the brain prevented the rats from relapsing after a period of abstinence .
While the discovery broke new ground , the scientists knew that GDNF could not be used to treat alcoholic humans because its molecule is too large to cross the blood - brain barrier .
So , in the present study , Ron and her colleagues looked at cabergoline , a compound that has been shown in cells to increase the expression of GDNF .
After establishing that cabergoline treatment resulted in an increase of the level of GDNF and activation of the GDNF pathway in the rats ’ VTA , the researchers sought to test its impact on rodents ’ drinking habits .
Rats underwent a two - month training program in which they learned to press a lever to obtain alcohol .
Researchers found that when rats were injected with cabergoline , they were less likely to press the lever .
The higher the dose of cabergoline , the lower the number of lever presses reported .
The researchers also found that binge - drinking mice consumed less alcohol after cabergoline administration .
In further study , the researchers found that cabergoline was effective in reducing both craving for alcohol and relapse to drinking .
Relapse is a critical issue for alcoholic patients trying to stay abstinent .
advertisement
As further evidence of the interplay between cabergoline and GDNF , alcohol intake was tested on mice that had been genetically engineered to have a single copy of the GDNF gene , and therefore less GDNF in the brain .
As expected , the scientists found that the drinking habits of these genetically modified mice were not affected by cabergoline .
Although the results of the study offer fresh hope to problem drinkers , Ron cautions that human clinical trials are needed before cabergoline can be safely prescribed .
Higher doses of cabergoline have been used to treat Parkinson ’s disease and have been linked to heart valve problems .
“ However , ” notes Ron , “ we show that in mice and rats , a low dose of the drug is enough to reduce excessive alcohol consumption , alcohol seeking and relapse .
The dose is similar to what is given to humans for the treatment of hyperprolactinemia . ”
Cabergoline may eventually be prescribed for other addictions .
A pilot study conducted on cocaine addicts , cited in Ron ’s paper , reported a substantial reduction in cocaine use .
In the United States , 17.6 million people — approximately one in every 12 adults — abuses alcohol or is alcohol - dependent , according to the National Institutes of Health .
But there are just three medications approved to treat alcohol dependence — disulfiram ( Antabuse ) , naltrexone ( Depade , ReVia ) , and acamprosate ( Campral ) .
Lead author of the study is Sebastien Carnicella , PhD , postdoctoral fellow at the Gallo Center .
Co-authors are Dao - Yao He , PhD , senior research scientist ; Patricia Janak , PhD , associate professor of neurology at UCSF ; Selena Bartlett , PhD , director of the center ’s preclinical development group ; Carsten Nielsen , PhD , associate research scientist ; and Somayeh Ahmadiantehrani , graduate student .
Research was funded by the National Institutes of Health and the State of California for medical research on alcohol and substance abuse through UCSF .
The Ernest Gallo Clinic and Research Center at UCSF is one of the world ’s preeminent academic centers for the study of the biological basis of alcohol and substance use disorders .
It is the only center studying alcoholism in the United States that is based in a department of neurology .
Gallo Center discoveries of potential molecular targets for the development of therapeutic medications are extended through preclinical and proof - of - concept clinical studies .
UCSF is a leading university dedicated to promoting health worldwide through advanced biomedical research , graduate - level education in the life sciences and health professions and excellence in patient care .
Michael Edwards
of omelet and chews thoughtfully , savoring a healthy combo of chicken and veggies , part of a dietary redirection that has left him , after six months of supreme willpower and about a trillion crunches , nearly twenty pounds lighter with six - pack abs — a boon to his self - esteem , his love life , and , most directly , his tailor .
Like his father — who spent his entire working career as a chemical compounder on an assembly line at a tire factory — he tends to carry his extra weight below his chest and above his knees .
Once a nerdy , picked - on kid " built like a fuckin ' stick figure , with a big head and skinny everything else , " he was beginning to look a little overfed .
It has been nearly eight years since he graduated with his M.B.A. from Florida A&M University .
During that time , he 's enthusiastically pursued the kind of food , drink , travel , and unfettered social life that befits a young single man rising up the corporate ladder , in his case at Procter & Gamble , to a position with the important title of brand manager , global hair color , NNE .
If it involves Clairol 's Nice 'n Easy hair color , you 've got to talk to him .
" I own the world , " he likes to say with the appropriate amounts of pride and irony .
Thanks to his membership at Bally Total Fitness ( only a mile from his office ) and also to the Fitness Gear Ultimate Smith Machine in his home office / gym ( which he uses on weekends because Bally is twenty minutes from home and he'd rather save the gas ) , he 's had to have the waist of his pants taken in nearly three inches .
A lot of his jackets needed reshaping , too .
He has four closets filled with suits and sport coats .
The closet in the home office / gym holds seventeen winter - weight blazers : an orange corduroy Kenneth Cole , a blue velvet Dragonfly , a green velvet Hugo Boss , a camouflage number from Express , a red cotton from Boss , a couple more from Boss —
Boss is his brand .
The guest - room closet is crammed with summer sport coats , among them a madras and a floral print , both from Ralph Lauren .
There is also a coat closet in the foyer , in which he keeps three dozen outercoats : a peak - lapel dress coat , a couple of car coats , several raincoats , a black Kenneth Cole motorcycle jacket , a Tom Cruise — style bomber jacket with a sheepskin collar that he always wears with his aviator sunglasses , and an army - green snorkel jacket with a fur - trimmed hood that he used to wear with sagging jeans and Timberland boots .
( Upstairs , in the master walk - in closet , there are boxes of vintage Jordans he no longer rocks but can't quite allow himself to donate . )
Luckily he has this great tailor , his tailor , a wonderful Old World craftsman named Paul .
So far , since his weight loss , he 's spent more than $ 1,000 on alterations — obviously he could n't fix everything , just the wardrobe staples .
We wo n't even mention the cost of the new stuff , one size smaller , 42L .
Everyone who has ever lost weight knows that smaller - sized clothes are among the sweetest of all purchases .
Each time he puts on his brand - new Givenchy suit — gray with a black pinstripe , cut narrow and Mad Men-esque — his chin juts forward and his back straightens ; he feels a surge of power and confidence , a palpable psychic tumescence that says , I 'm the man .
" Emily Dickinson once wrote that what makes life so grand is that it will never come again , " he says .
" You 're given this incredible blessing of life , but at the same time it 's a curse , because the second it starts , it begins to end .
So you have to take full advantage of it .
In every aspect of my life , I try to take full advantage .
If people would have the mind - set to live life with a little bit of urgency , if they just have the mind - set to try a little harder in everything they do , who knows what may happen ?
That 's the way I try to live . "
His name is Kenyatte Nelson .
He is six foot two , two hundred pounds .
A Leo ( August 1 ) , thirty - one years old .
He has high cheekbones and a chiseled jaw that tapers into a cleft chin .
His large black eyes are set against luminescent whites .
His ebony face and skull have been shaved clean with a Wahl clipper , an Andis trimmer , and a Gillette Fusion razor , a ritual he performs about once a week .
His body hair is similarly maintained .
He knows his way around a dance floor but is more comfortable in the DJ booth .
He carries two BlackBerrys , one for work and one for personal use .
The latter is a red Pearl , his favorite color , a Mother 's Day special he bought himself cheap .
The ringtone sounds like an old rotary telephone .
For a wallet he prefers a Kenneth Cole cardholder ; four cards and a folded - up twenty for emergencies .
He used to go with the money clip , but he never had enough cash to fill the damn thing .
Until recently he was dating the ex-wife of a pro athlete .
They first met on a Saturday night , when her girlfriend pulled Kenyatte over on the highway after seeing him earlier in a club .
At a bar he orders Grey Goose and tonic ; at home he likes Mike 's Hard Lemonade .
Though he is not particularly religious , he eats no pork ; he prays silently before every meal .
He watches CNN and ESPN every morning , reads USA Today about three times a week and the local paper every Sunday with brunch .
He also reads The Onion and the Drudge Report online and watches Real Time with Bill Maher and The Colbert Report as often as he can .
At work he picked the most expensive health plan ; he 'd rather pay a little more to get the best .
He drives a previously owned car — a 2004 Lincoln Navigator , bought in '05 with twenty - nine thousand miles for under thirty grand — because buying a new car just seems stupid ; he does n't care that it 's maroon .
He makes about $ 150,000 a year .
Though his shoe collection boasts Aldo , Saks , Madden , Dior , Vittorio Russo , Kenneth Cole , a pair of checkerboard Vans , and classic white Chuck Taylors , his favorite piece of footwear is a pair of light - tan cowboy boots appropriated from his father , one size too large .
He wore them on the Today show last September when he won Esquire 's Best Dressed Real Man contest , beating out thousands of others .
He entered the contest because he is into clothes , sure , but it is more than that .
Kenyatte ( pronounced Ken - yat - tah ) believes that a life lived is worth living well .
Fortunately , he has spent within his means .
Fortunately , his job is not in immediate jeopardy .
Many have not been so fortunate .
They have busted the economy borrowing to buy a life like his .
For his part , he has cut down .
Spending conspicuously right now seems a little tasteless .
He is shelling out less on the " non-necessities . "
When he goes out , he tends to go where " I can milk my hookups " — meaning places where he knows the owner or the bartender and can get a free drink .
He has always shopped for deals , continues to do so .
He gets online coupons for stores that he enjoys , like Saks and the Ralph Lauren outlet .
For the first time ever , on Black Friday — the big shopping day after Thanksgiving — he was up and out of the house by 5:00 A.M. , hunting bargains .
" This too shall pass — hopefully , " he says .
Almost every weekend , usually both days , Kenyatte eats brunch here at the Daybreak diner .
It is a large , uncomplicated space in a strip mall in Hyde Park , the hippest and most overpriced part of Cincinnati , Ohio .
His own neighborhood , one exit south on I - 71 , is slowly up - and - coming .
Nearby Xavier University is in the midst of a growth spurt , but you still see a lot of locals in long white T - shirts on the corners .
We 're waiting at the moment for his friend Stefan , another A&M alum .
He also works at P&G , as a consumer - knowledge market manager in the home sector .
Kenyatte still eats out almost every night .
He 's at P. F. Chang 's at least twice a week , usually by himself at the bar ; they do n't even bring him a menu anymore .
He loves sushi , especially half - price Wednesday nights at Beluga , where all the pretty girls go .
He 'll occasionally smoke a Macanudo cigar .
At dinner he 's likely to order the fruity vodka special .
He " tends to like wines that are probably in the middle of the palate , chardonnays and pinot noirs . "
In his effort to become more educated about enology , he has purchased , from World Market , a set of glasses that includes something for every type of wine .
There are glasses for Riesling , for champagne , for zinfandel , etc .
There is also a decanter .
The whole set is stored in his kitchen , on a rolling wine rack / bar also from World Market , which he likes because it 's " Pier 1 taken to the next level . "
He has no respect for the Cincinnati Bengals .
He does n't even think about the Reds .
He once sprained his ankle real bad playing hoops — there is a heroic play - by - play if you ask to hear it .
He is often in situations where there are few ( if any ) other black people in the room .
He likes being well liked .
He is eager to please .
He has a lot of friends ; wherever he goes he seems to run into one or more of them .
He believes in loyalty .
Of his two best friends from college he says : " I would die for them and they would die for me . "
He works until seven or later most nights and then drives to the gym .
There is never a time he is not on the move .
He wishes occasionally he could just go to bed at 8:00 P.M.
Last night , a Saturday , he stayed home alone because he was sick .
It was the first time in adult memory he had stayed home alone on a Saturday night .
He watched The Real Housewives of Atlanta .
He was appalled .
His house has five bedrooms and four full baths , a circa - 1910 brick Victorian he bought for $ 245,000 with no money down .
He honestly does n't know the square footage .
The mortgage is $ 1,600 a month .
His five - year ARM expires this year .
He found the house halfway through a spec renovation , so he was able to have a lot of input into the finished product .
Which of course became like having another full - time job .
He picked out every fixture , appliance , floor covering , and color .
He recommends joining a buyers ' club like DirectBuy .
You pay a pretty significant fee to join , like four grand , but it 's a three - year membership .
You get everything they sell wholesale : furniture , electronics , appliances , outdoor - living stuff .
He priced out his kitchen at Home Depot — forty - two - inch cherrywood cabinets , granite counter , all the trimmings :
It was $ 15 K for the cabinetry alone .
At DirectBuy , he paid like five grand for everything , including the appliances .
While he was away on a weeklong business trip to Switzerland , the refrigerator died .
There is a new motor in a box in his foyer .
The repairman is coming next week .
The home office / gym is painted Rich Red .
The kitchen is Slate Green but looks avocado .
The dining room is Honey Pot Yellow .
The downstairs bathroom is lavender and features the original claw - foot tub , which has been re-enameled or re-epoxied or whatever you call it — it looks brand - new but still old - fashioned .
The moldings and crown moldings and window frames throughout the house are all painted Natural Light White .
The master bedroom is Mocha , though he likes to call it paper - bag brown because his dad used to tell him stories about restaurants you could eat in only if you passed the " paper - bag " test — you had to be lighter than a brown paper bag .
The guest room is painted with alternating light - yellow and dark - yellow stripes .
He 'd seen it in a decor magazine .
When you turn on the Hunter ceiling fan using the wall - mounted switch in the guest room , the one in the home office / gym also turns on , and vice versa .
He knows there is a way to fix this , but he has lived here more than four years and has n't yet bothered to figure it out .
Likewise , he never turns on the huge chandelier in the dramatic atrium stairwell .
Should a bulb blow , he has no clue how he'd ever get up there to change it .
The third floor is a rental unit , a cool space , all eaves and angles .
The tenant is hot .
She has her own entrance but likes to come through the house .
She went to a pricey eastern boarding school on scholarship and then graduated from Stanford .
Now she works for P&G , in research and development in the home - care sector .
Until recently , in her off - hours , she participated in something called " figure fitness competitions . "
Let your imagination wander .
YouTube if you must .
She and Kenyatte are just friends .
" Never shit where you eat , " Kenyatte says .
The same goes for " fishing off of the company pier . "
Michael Edwards
He is the runt of his family .
A " mistake " born ten years after his brother .
A preemie who lived his first several months in an incubator .
The doctors were worried he might be brain damaged .
As it is , there are some weird splotches on his skin , places he did n't develop properly — like somebody spilled bleach .
His dad wanted another kid , but his mom was considering a try at modeling — everyone at church always said she was so statuesque .
His dad 's name is Ellis Nelson .
He is six seven ; everyone calls him Big E .
He is the definition of dapper ; Kenyatte got his clothing sense from him .
Kenyatte 's brother got all the height and athletic ability .
He is now a truck driver who lives in Charlotte , North Carolina , where they grew up .
As a child Kenyatte collected comics .
His favorite character was Wolverine .
He 'd buy two copies of each issue , one to read , one kept in the original cellophane for collecting , all of them stored under the bed .
At his mostly black middle school , " I was the kid who , if I was running down the hall , someone would trip me . "
At his mostly white high school , he gained renown as a rapper and was elected president of the student government .
He attended his historically black college on an academic scholarship , a combined B.A./M.B.A. program .
It was there that he first encountered wealthy African - American kids .
Prior to that , he had never even heard of Prada .
To earn spending money in college , he spun records at private parties and clubs .
He was known as DJ Diamond .
If anybody calls him that today , he visibly winces .
He never took a drink of alcohol until well after graduation .
When Kenyatte 's mom was pregnant , his parents were looking through a book of African names , a trend during the late seventies among middle - class black families .
Jomo Kenyatta led Kenya to independence from Great Britain and became its first president , a lion of a man .
It seemed perfect .
Except for one thing .
His mother felt that the a at the end made the name feminine in appearance .
She changed it to an e .
" My name was always murdered , " Kenyatte says .
" People would call me Ken - yah - tay .
Or Ken-yat .
Or Koonta - ken - yat .
Nobody could pronounce it ; it made me feel so different .
And when you 're young , when you 're a kid , you do n't want to be different .
You do n't understand the value in differentiation .
That 's one of the things in branding — in branding you learn that differentiation is fantastic .
You need it , you want it , you desire it , you drive and strive for it .
But when you 're a child , you do n't understand that concept .
Sameness is . . . paramount .
I mean , you want to blend in , you want to be with the mass , right ?
When I was a kid , I was left - handed , my name was Kenyatte , I was a stick figure with a balloon head .
And I was black .
And I was living in the South .
It was like strike 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , and 5 . "
There is a warm timbre to his voice , like a radio announcer's .
When he speaks , a slight stutter or hesitation becomes evident , as if he were trying very hard to enunciate properly , to pronounce everything just so , to say exactly what he means .
He was the first in his family to earn a four - year degree .
He was the first in his family to earn a graduate degree .
He would n't bring this up if he were n't asked , but Kenyatte is wealthier than anyone in his family has ever been .
He is a healthy consumer , but he is not a crass consumer .
Unless asked , he does not generally talk about all the things he has bought or wants to buy .
He does not talk all the time about money and the cost of things the way some people do .
Ever seen Cribs on MTV ?
" It kinda makes you wanna barf , " Kenyatte says .
" How much shit do you need ? "
As a reflection of his perspective , Kenyatte signs off his e-mails — and his new blog , TweedandVelvet.blogspot.com — with the slogan MAKE IT AN OUTSTANDING DAY !
He appropriated it from a Ford company recruiter who had it on his voice mail .
This was back when Kenyatte was in grad school ; a lot of the big companies go to A&M to recruit executives .
( The other night he went clubbing with some of his closest friends — in a coed group of seven , there were five A&M alums and one from Howard University ; five of them are management types for P&G . )
" My father was really big on attitude , " Kenyatte says .
" The thing that I would get in trouble for the most was having a bad attitude , being disrespectful .
My dad 's thing was ' Your attitude shapes the outcome . '
If someone asks me , ' How are you doing ? '
I say , ' Phenomenal . '
And when I say that , it 's amazing how many people will stop and look at me , as if I 've found the secret to life .
They 're like , ' How is it you are doing phenomenal ?
I need to understand that .
Because I do not feel phenomenal .
I want a piece of what you 've got . '
Here 's a trick .
Try it .
When you 're on the phone , smile as you talk .
You will sound different .
And people are able to tell .
I guarantee it .
You will get results . "
When Kenyatte smiles , his teeth gleam with the evidence of his twice - daily use of an Oral - B Sonic Complete electric toothbrush .
Crest toothpaste .
Period .
It does n't matter what flavor so long as it's Crest , which he buys because P&G makes it and because he is a loyal company man and because every single month he maxes out his contribution to his 401 ( k ) — half of which he puts in P&G stock .
( Over the last several months , he has significantly lowered his 401 ( k ) payroll deduction and is putting more money in cash savings . )
He also buys Old Spice deodorant , Gillette body wash , Tide laundry detergent , Downy fabric softener , a Swiffer for his wood floors , Dawn dishwashing liquid — all of it from P&G .
When you visit him , it does n't really look like he uses the Swiffer too often .
He just does n't seem to notice the rust inside the toilets or the smell of mildew in the fancy slate bathroom with the rainforest showerhead .
Maid service : a marker of a certain stage of adulthood that Kenyatte has yet to reach .
Once , after a raucous party , three of his female friends returned to his place the next day to tidy up .
They ended up scrubbing the baseboards and the toilets , leaving it far cleaner than it was before the party .
A half - full bottle of Pellegrino water remains on the dining - room mantel piece as a souvenir of the evening , integrated into the sticks / rocks / vase arrangement he purchased as separates at Pier 1 .
To Kenyatte 's eye , the exotic - looking label on the Pellegrino bottle complements the large , colorful Leonetto Cappiello posters that dominate the dining room and kitchen .
He collects the posters because he likes the way they look , but also because they were commissioned in the 1920s and 1930s to advertise products .
Kenyatte himself oversees multimillion - dollar art budgets for Nice 'n Easy .
He 's always admired people who have skills in crafts or arts .
For him , living well and dressing well is also a form of art .
Michael Edwards
He scoffs at people who buy the exact outfits off the mannequins in stores .
He 's always looking for ways to maximize his wardrobe , ways to recombine or recycle , and also for new fashion ideas , marriages of styles he would have never considered before , like wearing a tartan tuxedo jacket with two - tone bucks or a brown tweed vest with a blue velvet blazer .
He is a jeans man .
The entire bottom rack in his bedroom closet is taken up with jeans , thirty - two pairs , about a third of which are now too large .
The other night , out clubbing , it was skinny Sliq jeans from H&M with black combat boots from Zara , strings untied and tongues dangling , and a black canvas bomber jacket with a black faux - fur collar from Armani Exchange .
As a scarf he wore an authentic black - and - white - checked Arab kaffiyeh that he bought from a street vendor in New York .
At something like $ 250 a pop , he has n't yet had the heart to toss any of his too - big jeans .
Eventually , they will go to Goodwill .
There is a pile of old suits growing on the banister on the second - floor landing .
He has started working with a group called Career Gear that does career counseling and interview coaching and gives recycled business clothing to down - on - their - luck men actively seeking employment .
He smells pleasantly of Prada d'Homme .
On top of his dresser — which was purchased as a set along with the dark - stained sleigh bed , the bedside tables , two lamps , and the TV cabinet / armoire — he keeps his portfolio of fragrances .
Tom Ford and Dolce & Gabbana the One are his other current favorites .
Next to the bottles are his jewelry box , his watches ( an admitted weakness — seven — Invictas , a gold Donald J. Trump , and the IWC that he won from Esquire ) , and a wedding picture of his parents .
He has his mom's wide nose .
Her name is Rose , short for Rosalee , but her brothers and sisters call her Annamae .
She grew up in Charleston , South Carolina , speaking Gullah , a dialect particular to descendants of West African and Caribbean slaves .
She met Kenyatte 's dad when they were both students at Denmark Technical College in Denmark , South Carolina .
Ellis studied interior design .
( After retiring from Continental Tire , he returned to that interest for a time , painting home interiors . )
Rose took a secretarial degree .
Over the years , she worked her way up to the position of executive assistant to the head of a large manufacturing firm ; she was forced to retire only when it became painfully apparent that she was suffering from the early stages of Alzheimer's .
She was only fifty - four .
Rose Nelson still lives at home in a state of twilight .
Kenyatte drives the seven hours about four times a year .
He frets that the disease has " robbed my parents of their golden years . "
On his father 's sixtieth birthday , five years ago , Kenyatte walked into the restaurant where the family was celebrating and " my mother looked at me and she had no idea who I was , " he recalls .
" Today she 's about as nonresponsive as she could be .
No facial expressions , no talking , nothing .
She wo n't even get out of the bed or a chair without someone 's help .
Through it all , my father has been there .
He pulls her out of bed , showers her , brushes her teeth , does her hair , feeds her , clothes her — 24/7 , 365 .
He ca n't go on vacation and he can't come see me in Cincinnati , because he can't leave my mom . "
When his father showed up unexpectedly at the Today show for Kenyatte 's appearance , his son was so moved , he was nearly dumbfounded .
" My dad is the most amazing man I have ever known , " Kenyatte says .
" He is a perfect example of what devotion looks like .
Which is probably one of the reasons why I hold people to such high standards . "
Kenyatte does not want to get married .
Yet .
But he is starting to get a little tired of " talking to multiple women " at one time .
" I love women and women love me , " he says matter - of - factly .
" I 'm not perfect .
I 've done some dumb shit and I 've hurt people I care about , but I 'm a pretty good person , and I truly think people can sense it .
I know how to make a woman feel safe , appreciated , and sexy .
A woman who feels that way will do anything with you sexually , because she is comfortable .
Sometimes the women I 've dated find themselves comfortable doing things they have n't done before or enjoying things that they hated doing with the previous guy . "
He 's been offered a threesome on multiple occasions but has never thought the offer was genuine .
" In every case I felt like I would be taking advantage of one girl or the other , or both , and I could n't go through with it . "
Several times he has been approached by middle - aged couples .
" Usually the husband is asking me to sleep with his wife .
I 've never done it because I tend to believe karma is a motherfucker .
I want to get married one day . "
From his father he learned to " dress like the cover of a New York Times best seller . "
From his grandma he learned that it is never too late to do the right thing .
From his college roommate he learned that if you buy cheap , you 're going to pay more , and also that you can't wear the cordovan shoes without the cordovan belt , even if you just bought them and you 're dying to take them out for a spin .
From a former manager he learned how to make sure you 're always working in the high - importance / low - urgency quadrant of priorities .
From his aunt on his father 's side he learned how to cook soul food .
From his Williams - Sonoma cookbook , Savoring Italy , he learned to cook his signature dish , shrimp - and - crabmeat risotto .
From his trainer , with whom he worked for only a few sessions in order to get a program started — " I can count the reps myself , thanks " — he learned to use low weight and high reps , even if the other guys in the gym think he looks like a pussy .
He is determined to make the best of every situation .
" When I go out with my friends , I 'm going to have a good time .
I could have fun in a closet . "
His philosophy has always been " Money can buy you fashion , but it ca n't buy you style . "
Neither can it buy you talent or class .
He believes that having something that screams " I paid a ton of money for this " pales in comparison to someone saying , " Wow , I never thought of putting those pieces together that way . "
He just wants to look good for himself .
It helps when women notice , too .
" Honestly , I feel like my life is a dream , " he says .
" A wife and kids would be nice .
I always liked the idea of having the big family dinner on Sundays , looking at my wife and thinking , We did a pretty good job .
That 'll happen one day .
For right now , I 'm living the dream as they say .
Anything else would just be icing .
I do kind of like icing , though . "
After brunch , the Best Dressed Real Man in America needs to do some shopping .
He has a bad cold ; he might have picked it up from his friend Sy , also of A&M and P&G , a senior purchasing manager .
His infirmity notwithstanding , Kenyatte looks smashing as he strides down the sidewalk of the strip mall on a bright and chilly football Sunday afternoon .
He is wearing a herringbone car coat from Express , a black cashmere sweater from Saks Fifth Avenue , a black - on - white polka - dot dress shirt from Banana Republic , a white tank - top undershirt from 2 ( x ) ist .
The jeans are Rock & Republic stone wash ( over 2 ( x ) ist boxer briefs ) .
Gucci belt , black leather with a faux - gold G. Kenneth Cole black leather ankle boots , size 11 .
The socks are striped numbers from Banana Republic .
" I 'm a big sock guy , " he says .
" I think socks are one of those forgotten accessories for men . "
Entering the store , he finds the proper aisle , sets about perusing the seemingly infinite choices that modern life offers , in this case , for the quelling of flulike symptoms .
Someone had suggested Advil Cold & Sinus .
Now all he has to do is find it .
The shelves are crowded with different cold , flu , sinus , and allergy remedies .
He searches high and low .
At last , he comes to a small plastic holder containing cards with an image of a box of Advil Cold & Sinus .
The wording directs him to present the card to the pharmacist .
Because he keeps up with the news , Kenyatte is aware that one of the ways the government is fighting the drug war is by making it more difficult to buy products like Advil Cold & Sinus , which contains small amounts of a legal drug that people need in huge quantities to cook up a batch of illegal methamphetamine .
Because he is now delving into the subject of illegal drugs and because he is an upstanding citizen — a dutiful son , a former scholarship student , an executive at a huge international conglomerate that makes family - oriented household products — a slightly uncomfortable feeling begins to overtake him , a prickly sort of heightened awareness .
That he is the only black person he 's seen ( besides Stefan and the waitress ) in this little strip mall may be adding to his discomfort .
The outfit he 's wearing , perfectly suited outside in the brisk air a few moments ago , starts to feel heavy and constraining in the store .
Moisture begins to gather in the places that men feel moist in these circumstances .
Reaching the pharmacy , he finds the area behind the register empty .
There are two employees over to the right , behind the customary high counter .
One of them is a woman .
She is youngish , not unpleasant - looking at all .
She is busy counting pills .
The other worker , a man , steps to the register .
" How can I help you ? " he asks .
Kenyatte hands him the Advil card .
Soberly , the man asks to see an ID .
As Kenyatte opens his Kenneth Cole cardholder and hands over his driver 's license , he happens to glance up to his right , toward the woman .
She 's staring at him .
Kenyatte is used to having women look at him .
It 's the way she 's looking at him .
It 's not right somehow , not the kind of look you give when you 're impressed by someone .
It is more of a confused look .
Like she does n't know what to think .
Really weird .
First they 're asking him to show an ID in order to buy a supposedly over - the - counter product .
Now this female pharmacist is looking at him cockeyed .
What the hell is this about ?
he wonders .
He returns his focus to the register , takes back his ID from the man , thanks him very politely .
The man disappears into the cool white bowels of the pharmacy .
After an interval , Kenyatte cuts his eyes again to the right .
She 's still looking !
A wave of heat and nausea washes over his head .
He feels clammy and faint .
Maybe it 's the flu .
At last she breaks the silence .
" You look really nice , " she says .
He issues his best Crest smile .
" I th - thought I was doing something wrong , " he stutters .
" Oh , no no no ! " she says musically .
She cocks her head to one side and removes her glasses .
" I was probably just staring at you . "
RELATED LINKS :
Mike Sager Mike Sager is a bestselling author and award - winning reporter who 's been a contributor to Esquire for thirty years .
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
These are awesome !
I simply love these rejected Star Wars product designs .
To see more and to read the story behind them , click here .
This is exactly what every geek needs for Saturday afternoon !
I seriously would buy one of these sun shields right now !
I ’ve got cash ready !
This are hilarious !
I ’d love to have a Wampa or Bantha head mounted on my wall !
This next one was one of the more outlandish ideas , but probably the most clever too .
Many thanks to my old buddy Shockwave for pointing these out to me .
Do n’t forget , be sure to visit Action Figure Insider to see the rest .
Heather Widdows on why society has come to value beauty above all else .
alexander said : I hope this is a joke , there is a little matter of the fuel injectors not being nearly big enough , then there is the whole little matter of trying to run 2 bar with no intercooler or engine management , in a very rapid succession all 3 cats would die , all 4 o2 sensors , then the cylinder temps immediately would get so hot that it would pre-ignite and the rods would snap sending large pieces of metal flying out of the engine ....
Click to expand ...
That is all very negative , and much of what you say is pure speculation .
I got the single dryer system going today and here are the facts : 1 . My 1/4 mile times dropped drastically from a 14.6 at 107 mph to a 5.0 at 197 mph .
AND I can back it up with concrete numbers .
My brother lives about a 1 / 4 from my trailer and my daughter counted off the seconds it took me to get from my trailer to his ( since she can only count to five , I 'll call it an even 5.0 sec ) I probably could have even gone faster but my wifes tube top was wedged in behind the gas pedal from the drive - in last night and I could n't get it to go all the way to the floor !
2 .
My dog 's ears are pinned back to the sides of his head from sticking it out of the sunroof and that never happened below 110 mph before , so I must have been going around 200 mph.3 .
So , near as I can figgure , it 's 5.0 sec at 197 mph and those are thefacts !
Now my engine still works fine so none of those bad things happened and I 'm going to go ahead and use a second blow dryer and make another pass tommorow .
This time I 'm yanking out the tube top and leaving the sunroof closed .
I expect unbelievable results , but will post them here anyway , even if you guys do n't think it will work .
Jim
A popular notion in traditional Asian cultures , as well as the garbled versions of Asian culture imported into the West by the New Age movement , is the idea of qi ( or chi ) , the vital energy that permeates the universe and flows through living things .
A wide variety of pseudoscientific beliefs are based on qi , and today ’s post will examine some of them , through the lens of an article in a local alternative newspaper I picked up touting qi’s uses in interpersonal relations and healing .
The author , Deborah Davis , starts out by defining her terms :
Qi is the life force energy that animates all living things including humans , plants and animals .
As any skeptic should recognize , this is one of the oldest superstititions known to humanity : vitalism , the belief that there ’s something irreducible and magical about life .
This belief has persisted for millennia , even as the progressive workings of science reveal more and more about how life works and leave increasingly less room for magic .
We ’ve studied bacteria , we ’ve investigated the cell : at the bottom everything happens through the interplay of genes and chemical reactions .
There is no part left over for qi or the soul or vital forces to play .
Next , she describes how to detect qi :
Stand or sit in a relaxed manner and take a few deep belly breaths …
Now rub your palms together vigorously until they ’re warm .
Hold your palms about six inches away from one another .
Close your eyes and attune to any sensations between your hands ( if you do n’t feel anything , bring your hands closer together ) .
… I usually begin my Qigong classes with this exercise and most people discover a magnetic pulse , as if there ’s a pressure between the palms .
What this passage describes is an excellent way of invoking the ideomotor effect , a phenomenon that ’s also exploited by pseudosciences such as dowsing and Ouija boards .
Simply thinking about moving your hands in one direction creates subconscious muscle movements , which a sensitively balanced instrument such as a dowsing rod can reveal .
Without an instrument , this is harder to notice , which is why Davis helpfully advises that the sensation may be almost indiscernible and that you should move your hands around until you feel something .
It ’s also noteworthy that what Davis describes is a standard technique used by hypnotists to gauge how suggestible a person is .
More suggestible people are more likely to feel an imaginary force pulling their hands together in response to the hypnotist ’s prompting , which has interesting implications for people who believe in the power of qi .
Others feel tingling or heat .
This is an entertaining exercise to share with your family and everyone will have a different experience , which may vary each time .
What Davis apparently forgets is that one paragraph above , she advised starting by rubbing one ’s palms together vigorously , which could produce sensations of heat or tingling for entirely non-supernatural reasons .
But more importantly : “ everyone will have a different experience , which may vary each time ” ?
If there is no consistency to the feelings she believes indicate the presence of qi – if everyone may feel something different each time they try it – then how does she know that everyone ’s feelings come from the same source ?
How does she know that all these infinitely variable experiences can all be attributed to one phenomenon which she calls qi ?
Any valid scientific theory must have a well - defined explanatory scope ; a theory that can explain anything explains nothing .
By contrast , being compatible with any possible evidence , real or hypothetical , is the mark of a pseudoscience .
Begin by sensing the energy field ( Qi ) surrounding your being ; palpate the space about one to three inches away from your body with your palms .
It ’s very subtle .
Close your eyes to help you focus inward .
The above comments about ideomotor reactions and suggestibility apply here as well .
But Davis , without noticing it , has given us a test for whether qi is real .
If we can feel others ’ qi without knowing whether there ’s a person present , then we would have excellent evidence that this is a real phenomenon , even if we have n’t found any other way to measure it .
As it happens , just such an experiment was carried out – by a nine - year - old girl .
Emily Rosa , for a school science fair project , had qi-believing practitioners of “ therapeutic touch ” insert their hands through a hole in a screen and try to determine if another hand was present below theirs .
Unsurprisingly , they did no better than chance ; their results were indistinguishable from random guessing .
Emily ’s results were published in the prestigious Journal of the American Medical Association , making her the youngest person ever to earn such an honor .
If Davis or anyone else thinks they can improve on the performance of the practitioners in that study , I invite them to try it .
The article closes with this blurb about Davis ’ book :
This comprehensive guide includes Qigong routines for menopause , insomnia , cancer , osteoporosis , and sexual vitality .
Qigong for cancer ?
Breathing exercises and waving one ’s hands around might help with everyday stress , but to suggest this as effective treatment for a life - threatening medical condition borders on criminal irresponsibility .
If there ’s any evidence that this technique can give any tangible benefit to cancer sufferers , we would welcome it .
If there is n’t , advocates of these ideas should stop offering false hope to the gravely ill .
In closing , I have one more question .
Any website on qi will have elaborate charts of the “ meridians ” and “ chakras ” that track qi’s flow through the body , similar to the one on the left .
My question is :
How were these charts derived ?
Similar to Skeptico ’s astrology challenge , I want to know how the ancient people who first came up with these ideas determined all of this .
What studies did they conduct , what experiments did they run ?
Can I see their data for myself ?
These are not facetious questions ; they are questions that scientists spend their careers answering .
If we want to improve our understanding of some phenomenon , we need to tease apart all the threads of causation that contribute to it and test them individually to determine which ones can best be manipulated and in what proportion .
If qi is not just a patchwork of anecdote and superstition , if there is something substantive to these beliefs , then there must be a body of evidence underlying it .
Can skeptics of qi see this evidence for ourselves ?
Other posts in this series :
Filing a Complaint with the IC3
The IC3 accepts online Internet crime complaints from either the actual victim or from a third party to the complainant .
We can best process your complaint if we receive accurate and complete information from you .
Therefore , we request you provide the following information when filing a complaint :
The weather system known as La Nina is thought to be responsible for the wet weather which also brought an end to recent year on year increases in average temperatures .
Paul Krugman is the second Nobel economist in two days ( Stiglitz weighed in yesterday ) to say that Obama ’s stimulus plan is n’t big enough to help , by a long shot .
It ’s difficult to overstate the urgency , and easy to sound histrionic .
We are in trouble .
More and more people , people we trust like Krugman , are throwing around the words “ Great Depression . ”
( There are 23,504 articles in Google News containing the phrase “ Great Depression ” and nearly 50,000 for “ depression . ” )
They ’re also using what appears to be a more pleasant euphemism , “ slump . ”
( When you hear anyone talking about the risk of a “ slump , ” that ’s where they ’re heading . )
I wish I were exaggerating , but I ’m not .
In a column five days ago , Paul Krugman wrote the following :
The fact is that recent economic numbers have been terrifying , not just in the United States but around the world .
Manufacturing , in particular , is plunging everywhere .
Banks are n’t lending ; businesses and consumers are n’t spending .
Let ’s not mince words :
This looks an awful lot like the beginning of a second Great Depression … .
[ T ] his is our moment of truth .
Will we in fact do what ’s necessary to prevent Great Depression II ?
If you ’re not scared yet , you should be .
Stiglitz and Krugman , two Nobel prize winners in economics who are roundly trusted in Democratic circles , who know what they ’re talking about , both concur that the Obama plan is the wrong plan .
It wo n’t be enough to stave off a potential disaster .
There really is n’t much more to say .
We are in serious trouble , folks .
And we need someone at the most senior levels of the Obama campaign , the House and the Senate to put their collective foot down and say “ enough . ”
We do n’t need a stimulus plan that wo n’t stimulate .
We do n’t need a plan that wastes 40 % of its spending on pork to woo Republican votes .
We do n’t need a plan that wastes nearly a trillion dollars on a remedy that is only one - third of what we need .
We need a plan that actually stands a good chance at staving off a Depression .
And from what far too many experts are saying , Obama ’s plan is n’t it .
More from Krugman , who could n’t be any clearer about his opposition to the Obama plan :
$ 1.25 per click , that is .
When you order a comic print from the HijiNKS Ensue store I take the original artwork , bring it into a new Photoshop template , add the title , date and copyright , convert to CMYK PDF , transfer the file to USB drive then take them down to FedEx Kinkos to have them printed on 100 lb card stock by a $ 200,000 laser printer .
Finally , I sign the print and ship them off for you to enjoy .
I ’ve always been pleased with the process and the result … until yesterday .
I walked in and gave my USB drive to the clerk .
Instead of asking me what weight of paper I needed or what printing process , she asked me how many files I had .
I said I did n’t know but they were all in a folder labeled “ Kinkos . ”
She persisted that I tell her how many files .
I was already getting a weird vibe and I knew something was off .
I guess about 7 and she said , “ OK , we can open the first one for free then the rest are $ 2.50 each for “ Digital Rendering . ”
I asked if she was printing the first one for free and she explained that “ Digital Rendering ” was the charge to open the file in their software .
I reassured her that my PDF ’s were perfectly formatted , sized and ready to print .
There was no need to convert them to another format or so any prep work .
She reiterated that “ Digital Rendering ” was the charge to OPEN THE FILE .
At this point I think my brain made an audible “ doink - snap ” sound .
I realized that they were actually trying to use “ fancy tech jargon ” to CHARGE ME for DOUBLECLICKING the files and hoping that I would be dazzled and confused and acquiesce .
I could see from the look in her eyes that she knew that what she was saying did n’t make any sense .
I told her very plainly that I ’ve done this exact same process a half dozen times and that I have only been asked to pay for the paper and the printing , and that under no circumstances would I EVER be paying them anything additional to open the files .
I also wouldnt be reimbursing her for mileage to walk from the desk to the printer , or for the wear and tear on her uniform suffered while filling my order .
I was completely stunned .
The fact that they were trying to foist a bogus fee on me just because it “ sounded real ” made me absolutely livid .
Who do they think they are ?
The phone company ?
TicketMaster ?
Is this their version of a convenience charge ?
And “ Digital Rendering ” ?
Give me a fucking break .
Why not call it “ Binary Computationalization ” or “ Pixel Displayification Fee ” or “ Digital Give Us More Money Just Because Fee ” ?
how about i thow the clerk down a flight of stairs and call it a “ gravity assisted rapid altitude reduction ? ”
I basically yelled panel 3 ( up there ) as loud as I could hoping to make a scene that would at least alert the higher ups to the fact that someone was on to their bullshit .
I ripped my thumb drive out of their PC ( crossing my fingers for an “ improper unmount BSOD ” ) , and left .
I will never have prints made at FedEx / Kinkos ever again .
Those pigfuckers tried to sell me imaginary services ; undercoating for comic prints , if you will , with a straight face .
Unconscionable and unforgivable .
( actually if anyone orders a print of THIS comic , I WILL have it printed at FedEx / Kinkos )
UPDATE :
FB , Josh Smith ( blog / twitter ) is a contributor to WalletPop.com and did a nice write up , inspired by this comic , on the subject of FedEx / Kinko ’s “ Digital Rendering ” charge .
Check it out HERE .
Josh ’s readers got into some lively discourse of their own which seems to have spilled over into the HE comments .
Welcome to HE , WalletPop readers !
This is a Flickr badge showing public photos from missingkittentv .
Make your own badge here
[ Haskell - cafe ] Gtk2HS 0.10.0 Released
Hi everyone , Oh , dear ... it seems I 've forgotten how to spell " cafe " , and sent this message to haskell - caft at haskell.org the first time around .
I resent it to all the lists again ( just to make sure everyone interested receives it ) , so I apologize for any duplicated messages you might have received .
In any case ...
I 'd like to release the announcement of Gtk2HS 0.10.0 .
A lot of new stuff has gone into this release , including : - Support for GHC 6.10 - Bindings to GIO and GtkSourceView - 2.0 -
Full switch to the new model - view implementation using a Haskell model - Support for many more model - based widgets such as IconView and an updated binding for ComboBox - Full Drag - and - Drop support - Better support for Attributes in Pango - Replaced Event for EventM monad , thereby improving efficiency and convenience - Functions for interaction between Cairo and Pixbuf drawing - Lots of bug fixes , code cleanups , and portability improvements
With this release , the bindings to GnomeVFS and GtkSource View - 1.0 have been deprecated .
The TreeList modules have been deprecated from the Gtk+ bindings .
Source and Win32 binaries are available at : https://sourceforge.net/project/showfiles.php?group_id=49207package_id=42440&release_id=659598
Thanks to everyone who submitted bug fixes and features this time around !
Thanks ,
Peter Gavin Gtk2HS Release Manager
When I sat down at the beginning of the Palm Pre announcement press conference I was expecting to watch the death of a company .
Palm ?
Give me a break .
It would NEVER do anything interesting and Nokia , Microsoft , RIM , and expecially Apple were about to kick it into the deathbin of history .
I was wrong .
WAY WAY WAY wrong .
Palm just did what Nokia and Microsoft and RIM could n’t do : deliver a better experience than Steve Jobs did .
“ Give me a break Scoble , you are drinking the shiny new object Koolaid , ” I can hear you saying .
This is why I did n’t post a blog about it all day , even though everyone else did .
I wanted to let the Koolaid wear off .
I went back to the Palm booth again tonight just to make sure what I saw this morning was real .
I learned even more stuff that just blew me away .
From Palm ?
Give me a break !
Nokia ’s devices that I saw last month just suddenly seem so lame .
Why ?
Well , when you look at the Nokia N97 , which will be out at about the same time as the Palm Pre , you see that they also have a nice UI , but it falls apart when you click down into apps and try to do things .
Palm does n’t fall apart .
Click down and you keep getting shocked .
Palm ’s bet on social networking integration is a game changer .
Click into a contact and you see people ’s Facebook info and other info from their social networks .
That is huge and not many people will get it .
Palm ’s web browser is easier to get around than the iPhone ’s is .
Dave Winer will like some of the touches that were integrated here .
Are you surfing the web and alert comes up ?
Your web page does n’t disappear .
Really nice touch .
Are you a developer ?
Everything is based on standard webstuff .
Javascript .
Et al .
Cut , copy , and paste .
Anymore to say ?
How Apple centric is the new Palm team ?
Well , Chris McKillop is director of Software at Palm .
He worked on the iPhone team ( showed me pictures of me and my son buying iPhones at the Palo Alto store ) .
One of the PR people at Palm did PR at Apple .
Jonathan Rubinstein , who runs the Palm Pre team and led off the announcement , was a key person in development of the iPod and lots of people followed him from Apple to Palm , I heard from several people today .
Here ’s some videos .
Peter Skillman , director of new product experience at Palm , shows the out of box experience and how the device ’s size compares to the iPhone .
A piece of the announcement event today where they showed off some of Palm Pre ’s web features .
Here ’s another video of Peter showing off what he thinks the coolest things about the Pre are .
Anyway , the bottom line is Palm has a real winner here .
It shows that you can never count a company out .
Even one that looks like it ’s already out of the game .
By Paul Lewis
BBC Radio 4's Money Box
Justin Urquhart Stewart says negative rates have been known
If the Bank of England cuts interest rates on Thursday could the interest paid on our savings fall below zero ?
Negative interest rates , where the bank charges us to look after our savings , have been seen before .
In the 1970s Swiss banks charged foreign customers rather than paying them interest to hold their money .
But one economist said " it is not impossible but as close to that as you can get .
Zero percent is a possibility for a brief period . "
Cut expected
The problem faced by UK banks and building societies is that the recent Bank Rate cuts have left the interest paid to savers so low it cannot fall much further .
Rachel Thrussell , head of savings at comparison site MoneyFacts told BBC Radio 4's Money
Box programme it was hard to see what would happen if the Bank of England did cut rates again , as is widely expected at its meeting on 8 January .
" It 's getting to the point now with the straightforward accounts there is nowhere for them to go .
" There 's a lot now paying 0.1 % , 0.25 % , 0.5 % , so if base rate does go down again will they be able to pass this on to savers ? "
It does sound very strange , but it has happened in the past
Justin Urquhart Stewart , Seven Investment Management
Out of 256 instant access savings accounts listed by Moneysupermarket.com , 76 already pay less than 0.5 % interest and 117 pay less than 1 % .
Swiss precedent Justin Urquhart Stewart , director of Seven Investment Management , says rates have been negative before .
" It does sound very strange , but it has happened in the past .
" If you go back more than 20 years to Switzerland , people were so worried about the value of currencies that they were running to anything they saw as a safe currency and the Swiss franc was it .
" So overseas investors had to pay for the privilege of holding Swiss francs - a negative interest rate . "
How likely ?
Most banks and building societies will keep rates positive
Patrick Foley , Lloyds TSB
A negative rate of - 1 % would mean that someone depositing £ 10,000 would get back just £ 9,900 at the end of the year , effectively paying the bank £ 100 for the privilege of holding their money for them .
Patrick Foley chief economist at Lloyds TSB said , " It is not impossible but as close to that as you can get .
" Most banks and building societies will keep rates positive .
" Many savers are more concerned about the safety of their money than the interest earned .
" Zero percent is a possibility for a brief period if people feel their savings are safe and it is temporary .
" So you could see that briefly but I can't imagine them going negative . "
BBC Radio 4's Money Box was broadcast on Saturday ,
3 January 2009 at 1204 GMT .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Unstoppable masked killer Jason Voorhees returns to kill more promiscuous teens in this contemporary remake of the classic horror movie .
Whitney ( Amanda Righetti ) , Jenna ( Danielle Panabaker ) , Trent ( Travis VanWinkle ) , and the other counslers at Camp Crystal Lake find themselves hunted down by a machete weilding maniac known as Jason Voorhees ( Derek Mears ) .
Meanwhile Whitney ’s brother Clay ( Jared Padalecki ) shows up looking for her , after she goes missing .
“ Friday the 13th ” remake is directed by Marcus Nispell , based on a screenplay by Damian Shannon and Mark Swift .
The film stars Jared Padalecki , Amanda Righetti , Danielle Panabaker , Travis van Winkle , Aaron Yoo , Jonathan Sadowski , Willa Ford , Derek Mears and Arlen Escarpeta .
Yahoo !
Movies has debuted the new poster for New Line / Warner Bros . ’ “ , ” and will reveal the trailer a bit later today at 5 pm PT .
Poster featuring a shot of Jason Voorhees with the tagline stating : “ Welcome to Crystal Lake . ” “ Friday the 13th ” is currently set to open on Friday , February 13th , 2009 .
Home | Mushroom Info | Experiencing Mushrooms | Trip Reports | Other Substances | Godlike DMT + Skydiving Experience
Godlike DMT + Skydiving Experience written in may of 07
Admin note : this trip report has generated a lot of interest , and it is a good story , but it has been confirmed to be fictional .
" HOLY SHIT ! " is all i have been thinking for the past week .
I finally made my 2.25 grams of crystalline Dimethyl Tryptamine from 2 pounds of Mimosa Hostilis rootbark .
Ive already tried DMT recently a few times with exceptional experiences but nothing can ever sum up to what happened this past weekend .
Ive been an avid skydiver out of my freind 's own private high - altitude propellor plane for some time now .
About a year and a half .
Ive constantly been searching for the " truth about everything " with the use of LSD , Shrooms , and Ecstacy for the past year .
I felt it was about time i made a humongous leap forward into my discoveries .
I made the decision to attempt the world 's first act of tripping DMT while in a high - altitude freefall , at least that i know of .
The qualifications for this type of an experiment has to be exceptional safety and perfect timing .
Prior to jumping , with complete gear on ( including parachute and reserve ) , i planned to inhale one complete rip from my dmt pipe aboard the plane and then immediately proceed out into the abyss of the sky where i will exhale hopefuly after i pull the line .
Nothing in this world , however , could prepare me for what would really happen .
Jumping out of an airplane at 35,000 feet while holding your breath is already difficult enough .
But to do it while the world 's most potent psychoactive begins to flourishly react with my consciousness is a completely different story .
My freind , well call him FRIEND , is the only other person that knows this experiment will take place .
Goals of this experiment are :
1 ) NO DYING
2 ) PULL CORD BEFORE EXHALING DMT
3 ) The most ultimate and godlike experience anyone on this planet could ever experience while faced with complete danger to succeed into the next level of ultimate enlightenment .
You think im crazy ?
Well , yeah , this is proof .
lol .
This past saturday , after a two - day fast , at 10 o'clock in the morning i wake up with the necessary mindset to accomplish a remarkable feat .
Speaking with others was off limits , only complete focus on the objective .
Noon and im at the dusted airstrip taking off with FREIND .
We take one trial run where i take a hit of weed from a pipe , jump off the plane , pull the shoot , and exhale .
I immediately became worried when flight was acheived without being able to hold my breath easily .
I knew it would be harder with plastic - tasting DMT .
I decided another trial was in order .
Once down , i grab another parachute and head back to the airstrip where FREIND is refueling .
Oddly enough , the second trial commenced at 4:20 pm and the jump went smoothly .
Slightly stoned and floating down to the ground , a smile couldnt help but overtake my face as i realized the next time is THE time .
7:00 pm and the sun is getting close to the horizon .
A few minutes are left until 35,000 feet is obtained and then only half an hour max before its too dark .
This was crunch time , and i knew it .
I could hardly bare the anticipation .
My hands shook incredibly fast and my heartbeat was skyrocketing .
I began to have second thoughts and if this didnt work , i could kill myself .
I quickly realized that all of the intellect and wisdom obtained from my previous psychedelic experiences were shouting out at me that anything is possible if i just believe .
I began to meditate in the plane in a state that almost seemed to be an lsd flashback .
I knew my body was pumping fear but my brain was combatting it with faith .
I knew this would be the defining point of my pre-adulthood if i succeed and i knew that i could survive .
Thinking of conquering this unworldly feat began to enstill a sympathy in myself towards myself .
I felt as though i didnt need to do this to define my life , but at the same time i knew i needed to in order to advance in my stages of enlightenment .
All of a sudden once everything seemed to be good to go , and ready to fly , the cockpit hatch opened up and FREIND yelled out to me , " You ready to fuckin FLY ? ! ? "
I responded only with a smile and began to place the pipe to my mouth as my hand holding the lighter trembled .
This time , my bowl was filled with DMT .
I cornered myself away from the wind , slowed down my breathing , lit the lighter , placed it to the bowl and began to inhale .
Immediately i was astonished by how i could stand the taste this time .
Almost as if the DMT was rooting for me as well .
After a deep , deep rip , i shut my eyes , focused on the mission , placed my goggles over my eyes , and darted out the door .
The immediate weightlessness was startling for some reason this time .
Within seconds of shooting out the plane , all hell broke loose .
The trip began .
Scared and in a state of paralysis , i exhaled the smoke and witnessed my life beginning to flash before my eyes in a kaleidoscope of remembered events ordered in a way that seemed incredibly perfect .
All i could think about was my friends , family , and my personal journey through life .
My eyes were shut and the roar of the wind was instantaneously replaced by a shearing high pitched crackle .
I knew i was falling , i knew i was going to die , i knew i'd miss my life but i did not feel as though i had failed .
I suddenly realised that the life that just flashed before my eyes was a good one and began to accept that this is the perfect way to die , in harmony with my own mind .
All of the hectic closed - eye- visulatisations of memories and swirling patterns made me feel as though dying was merely the next step in enlightenment which after all , was the inevitable goal of my experiment .
Feeling at ease with the thought of death , i felt myself relaxing into the flight and let gravity take over .
No longer was i in form and now i was just tumbling through the sky .
Visions from my most recent acid trip began to play before my eyes as i fell further through the sky with my eyes still closed .
The message i took back from that trip was a subjective reality , that which is produced personally at all times , began to flourish about in my hectic thoughts .
I opened my eyes because something compelled me to .
I was in the clouds .
I readjusted into proper skydiving technique .
All i could see was the faint light of the sun glowing my surroundings and i began to wonder if i was in heaven .
I wondered if this was the product of my mind producing a subjective reality while in a DMT trip or if i was really dead .
Emotions at this stage in time seemed incredibly intense .
The clouds parted and gave way to the view of the massive earth quickly accelerating towards me .
Suddenly no longer was this a mission to enlighten myself , it was back to staying alive .
My guess is the brief DMT trip had began to die down and gave me a chance to save myself so i could take back my story to the rest of the world .
Subjective reality philosophy is very interesting to me .
In this case , i began to feel as though i had created the earth that was rushing towards me and i had also created the parachute on my back .
I could either discover the purpose of the hard , brown land or i could discover the purpose of my parachute .
Immediately , all energy that could possibly be imagined was summoned .
I felt as though i was gaining power and spirits were helping me .
There were beings on the ground tossing light at me .
My only response to this vivid hallucination was to embody it and use the energy to my advantage .
As i caught the light , my energy seemed to revive and my arms went out to the side as they began to glow a brilliant white .
I felt as though i was god , or a god , or at least an angel of some sort and that all of me was glowing white .
I felt that if i hit the ground while possessing this much energy , it would be a complete waste and i would let all of the spirits of the world down and the world would gradually die away .
I suddenly felt as though pulling that cord was the only thing that mattered in the world at the time .
I visualized the president in his office dealing with Iraq difficulties , i visulaized a mother giving birth to a baby i even thought of what id perhaps be doing if this had never occurred .
None of it mattered any more .
I had to pull that cord .
With an amazing feeling of lightlessness , i shut my eyes once more and forced my arms up to the cord and released all of my energy .
Instantaneously , the weightlessness was replaced with ultimate heaviness and an incredible pain in my torso .
Once the chute was deployed , a sigh of relief and a release of endless amounts of tension took place .
I survived .
I accomplished .
I defeated .
I conquered .
I fuckin did it !
I survived the ultimate test of concsiousness and obtained the ultimate level of enlightenment .
No more living life half - heartedly .
No more arguments .
No more anger .
No more stress .
Life from then on is to be happy , spiritual and amazing .
From then on , i use my new godlike perspective to help me live through life as though i had created it all .
This viewpoint will allow me to connect with anything or anyone i wish and will allow me to teach others of these ways .
Hovering a thousand feet over the land , i realized how close a call this was and let out a scream of joy that seemed to echo around for miles and minutes .
I must have still been feeling the residual effects .
As i landed back on the ground , i bent over while beginning to cry and kissed the sandy ground .
If i truly am to believe that i created all , than i am to believe that the dirt sticking around my lips at this moment is something i created .
I licked my lips and smiled as though i had just finished a meal i prepared for myself .
Overall , this experience was IMMENSELY enlightening and also probably one of the most idiotic things a person could do .
BUT , i survived and for the better .
Dont try this without either talking to me , feeling as though your life is worth the risk , or if you have experience .
I instead suggest that each of you find your own crazy idea for a trip , fulfill it , and realize the best way you can live your life once you complete it .
Just dont do anything so dumb as to kill yourselves because as i discovered , life can be a beautiful thing and id hate for you to fail at trying to realize this .
Autoflowering Cannabis Seeds , Bulk Cannabis Seeds , Feminized Cannabis Seeds , High THC Strains , USA West Coast Strains Kratom Powder For Sale Red Vein Kratom Shop : Information
It sounds like a headline from The Onion : a Worcester 's Buttonquail ( Turnix worcesteri ) , thought to be extinct , was just found at a poultry market in the Caraballo mountains in northern Luzon , Phillippines .
A local birdwatching group took photos and videos of the bird ( left ) , which was previously only known from drawings of decades - old museum specimens .
Then the rare animal was sold and , presumably , eaten .
" What if this was the last of its species ? " said Michael Lu , president of the Wild Bird Club of the Philippines .
Mmm ... that 's some tasty extinction .
( Actually , the " notoriously cryptic and unobtrusive " birds may still live somewhere in the region -- we just do n't know enough about them . )
( Via ) Photo by Arnel B. Telesforo
In early October , the International Security Advisory Board ( ISAB ) released a report touting the dangers of Chinese military expansion .
Chaired by Paul Wolfowitz , the ISAB is part of the US state department , and reports directly to Condoleezza Rice .
The report warned of the dangers of Chinese nuclear weapons , and called on the United States to revitalise its nuclear deterrent , continue construction of a missile defence shield , and pursue conventional military programmes designed to ensure dominance over China .
In alarmist tones , the report describes a military effort dedicated to making the US vulnerable enough to Chinese nuclear attack to deter the US from intervention in a Taiwan - China war .
To call this claim deceptive is an understatement – it depends on ignorance of 40 years of Chinese military history and of the basics of deterrence theory .
Since the 1950s , Chinese nuclear policy has consistently focused on the goal of developing a second strike capability .
Initially , the Chinese feared war with the US , but they later included the Soviet Union as a potential foe .
The Chinese have never made an effort to match the nuclear arsenals of the US or Russia .
In short , Chinese nuclear policy has n't changed , and the essentials of the deterrent relationship are the same whether China has 20 missiles capable of striking the west coast or 100 missiles capable of striking anywhere on the continental US .
As no American president is likely to consider the destruction of major population centres on the west coast an acceptable cost for preventing a Chinese conquest of Taiwan , the deterrent relationship is no different today than it was 30 years ago .
Indeed , the ISAB report overlooks the central purpose of the Chinese nuclear expansion , which is an effort to restore the nuclear balance that existed in the 70s and 80s .
Advanced US military capabilities have , it is generally agreed , substantially eroded the deterrent relationship that existed between the US and its nuclear competitors during the cold war .
Daryl Press and Keir Lieber argued in Foreign Affairs that the US holds first - strike dominance over both China and Russia , in large part because due to stealth and precision - guidance capabilities .
The development of a credible missile defence system ( one that could knock out a high percentage of incoming missiles ) would further erode the deterrent relationship .
The Chinese are hardly ignorant of these developments .
They recognise that the drive for missile defence on the part of the US means that they need to expand their nuclear capabilities in order to stay in the same place .
It ends up being a good trade for the Chinese , because additional ballistic missiles ( and eventually MIRVs , or multiple independent re-entry vehicles ) are considerably cheaper than the missile defence system .
Nevertheless , the expansion of the Chinese nuclear programme is an effort to maintain the status quo , and not to shift the military balance in China 's favour .
We 've been here before .
Wolfowitz participated in the infamous Team B project , which was an effort to radically overstate Soviet capabilities and radically misstate Soviet intentions in the 1970s .
Like the Team B project , the ISAB report relies on claims about Chinese capabilities that current intelligence cannot verify , such as the existence of tactical nuclear weapons and a vast espionage network inside the US .
Also like the Team B project , the report characterises efforts to maintain the status quo as threatening .
The alarmism is familiar .
Once again , Wolfowitz is claiming that the strategic balance is beginning to tip against the US , and that therefore the US ought to engage in a major effort at revitalising its own capabilities .
President Bush leaves office in two months , and Wolfowitz will be out of a job .
In the neoconservative world , however , no one stays unemployed for long .
This ISAB report will serve as a template for the neoconservative approach to China and provide the foundation for critiques of Barack Obama 's China policy .
It is highly unlikely that Obama will pursue the " revitalisation " of the US nuclear force , as he has already logged his opposition to the Reliable Replacement Warhead programme .
The report should be understood less as an internal effort to drive policy , and more as the opening shot in an effort to criticise Obama as soft on China .
She said : " He has to sit on my elbow rather than my shoulder and she is now more at ease with the world .
Editor 's Note :
Due to the mature nature of this article , some of the sites mentioned below may contain content that is not suitable for all audiences .
Discretion is advised .
In hard times , people often turn to vice for a little consolation .
But lately , even the online offshoot of one of the world 's most successful professions -- and the intimate cousin of the oldest -- is finding the going a little rough .
Once thought to be recession - proof -- the last stronghold of booming businesses when money gets tight -- adult entertainment lulls us into escapism , the theory goes , and actually gains in appeal when we 're down on our luck .
But in the face of consumers ' mounting unemployment and debt , it seems that the revenues for providing a little basic pleasure is n't coming through for online entertainment companies .
In January , Hustler publisher Larry Flynt infamously called for a " porn bailout bill , " $ 5 million in government money to pull the adult industry out of a slump that 's brought down revenue at leading studios by 20 to 30 percent .
One of the biggest reasons the recession has hit traditional studios so hard is their reliance on old , expensive forms of media -- such as DVDs and magazines .
Nobody buys those these days , says Brad Abram , head of online adult video game Virtually Jenna ( adult , NSFW ) , so they can't compete with the Internet .
" The demographic has changed , " Abram explains .
" Younger porn consumers are n't used to going to the store to buy DVDS when the Internet is so full of porn at their fingertips . "
Compared with traditional adult media companies like Playboy , Abram 's sex simulation game has no cost of hard goods , and no physical media to distribute .
Nothing stands between him and his customers but a subscription fee , and the same goes for all paid Web sites .
So is online porn the real recession - proof industry ?
Not exactly .
Who Does n't Like Free Porn ?
Unfortunately , those same young consumers who are n't used to buying DVDs are getting increasingly finicky about paying for porn at all .
Subscription video sites are being pushed aside by " tube " sites -- YouTube clones full of short clips that are entirely free .
Piracy of subscription content has also become a huge issue .
Internet goers grab tantalizing tidbits from professional sites and repost them elsewhere .
Competition from free sites and piracy - prone message boards are putting a firm squeeze on studios that publish their content exclusively online , since consumers can get off to the same videos and photos elsewhere without ever having to hand over a credit card .
Take Kink.com ( adult , NSFW ) , for example - - a large alternative studio with 17 fetish sites , each of which requires a separate membership .
At the beginning of February , public relations manager Thomas Roche said the company was " still going strong , " and that higher - ups were " cautiously optimistic . "
Three days later Roche was laid off , along with 11 percent of Kink 's staff .
Brad Abram is quick to debunk the myth that porn , in its current state , could ever be recession - proof .
It 's a big business just like any other , he says , and as such it has the potential to fall .
While it may appear that porn makers abound , a wave of consolidation has actually left the industry with a small number of large companies running lots of subsidiaries .
Even the tube sites have banded together , says Abram , leaving only a handful of sites whose content makes up 80 percent of what people see when they 're out surfing free porn .
When one of those companies suffers losses , the effects ripple through the industry like a jiggle through a silicone implant .
Deviant Encounters
Though both traditional and online porn vendors have seen portents of approaching doom -- luckily the four horsemen of the apocalypse have yet to be turned into a skin flick ( that we know of ) -- there 's still hope for adult entertainment on the Net .
Companies that take an even higher - tech approach are emerging from the woodwork , and doing well .
Why ?
Because they offer consumers something they can't get on the tube sites , something they 're still willing to dish out cash for : interactivity .
Allen Stein makes mechanical sex machines .
In his latest endeavor , he 's combined his most famous invention , a large machine called TheThrillHammer ( adult , NSFW ) , with a live cam Web site .
On one side of the Webcam , women sit with the machine poised to interact , while potentially thousands of miles away , customers pay to control the devices , deciding what kind of stimulation to dish out .
This combination of machinery and online tech has provided Stein and his performers with a steady income at a time when his old - school comrades are scraping the barrel .
" Live cam sites are having a really good quarter , " he says .
His site in particular offers " a new level of intimacy …
People come back again and again because they 've consummated their relationship with the performers . "
Also seeing consistent sales is Trixie , the star of TastyTrixie.com ( adult , NSFW ) , a personal site that provides members with not only photos of Trixie but also live shows and 24/7 spy cams into her home .
Businesses like hers often start when performers decide to break off on their own from large cam conglomerates .
Hosting her own site gives
Trixie the control to decide her own content and build personal connections with her members .
To be fair , Trixie says her revenue has n't gone up in 2008 , as it had in past years .
Still , she feels she has a leg up on privacy due to the home - grown nature of her site .
She compares herself to a neighborhood espresso stand taking on the Starbucks of big - name porn .
" When money is tight , people feel more resentful towards anonymous corporate entities and want the dollars they spend to go towards people they can relate to , " Trixie reasons .
Digital Titillation
Virtually Jenna 's Brad Abram may have the most resilient model of all , though .
He reports that membership sales on his erotic simulation games are " humming along . "
Last year " was the first year the sale of gaming software exceeded the DVD and Blu-ray sales , " he says .
" That 's a giant freight train , and we just have to go along with it . "
Even the young consumers who wo n't pay for porn are used to paying for games .
It should come as no surprise , then , that studios have started approaching Abram to team up in adapting to new technologies .
Since the budget for video games is so high , they probably wo n't make their own games , Abram predicts ( $ 250,000 makes for a very large budget in porno , whereas video games regularly reach into the millions ) , but they may personalize existing games to their brands .
The next step : " Offering exclusive content within our world , " says Abram .
" Our game becomes a wrapper .
You can view things on monitors in - world .
We can do more for privacy and security than these other methods can . "
There is one thing that all of these adult entertainers agree on :
The recession is biting into their industry , and not in a good way .
" Consumers are becoming more savvy …
It 's going to weed out a lot of the small studios and the inferior products , " says Stein .
" It 's a cleansing .
A lot of people who were marginal players will disappear . "
Still , consumers need not fear this economic trial - by - fire will knock out potentially innovative porn makers , according to Abram .
" The recession is promoting survival of the swiftest and smartest , " he says .
The push to new technologies is sparking new ideas that make businesses more competitive .
And what could be more pleasurable than that ?
Computer audit logs showing what occurred on a vote tabulation system that lost ballots in the November election are raising more questions not only about how the votes were lost , but also about the general reliability of voting system audit logs to record what occurs during an election and to ensure the integrity of results .
The logs , which Threat Level obtained through a public records request from Humboldt County , California , are produced by the Global Election Management System , the tabulation software , also known as GEMS , that counts the votes cast on all voting machines – touch - screen and optical - scan machines – made by Premier Election Solutions ( formerly called Diebold Election Systems ) .
The logs are at the core of an investigation that the California secretary of state 's office is conducting to determine why the GEMS tabulation system deleted 197 ballots from the tallies of one precinct in Humboldt County during the November 4 general election .
But instead of providing transparency into what occurred on the system , the GEMS logs have so far only baffled state investigators .
Deputy Secretary of State Lowell Finley has referred to the logs as " ' Greek ' to anyone other than a programmer . "
A computer scientist who is a recognized expert on electronic voting machines says the logs are no clearer to him .
" These audit logs could give us some assurances [ about an election ] if they were genuinely designed so that a casual bystander could look at them and understand them , " says Doug Jones , a University of Iowa computer scientist and former chairman of a board that examines and approves voting machines for use in Iowa .
" [ But ] having them cryptic and obscure destroys the value in terms of election transparency . "
Computer audit logs are supposed to track activity on a voting system to help officials investigate problems when they occur and ensure that no one tampers with the software .
But the audit logs produced by Premier 's GEMS system do n't appear to provide any date or time stamps to indicate when events occurred .
[ Jones could n't decipher the format of what appeared to be an event code in the logs , but reader Tony Gutierrez says it actually is a Unix timestamp .
See his comment below this post . ]
But the audit logs produced by Premier 's GEMS system do n't record when files are intentionally deleted from the system or unintentionally erased , the most fundamental information an audit log should record .
Humboldt County officials deleted at least 27 batches of optical - scan ballots from GEMS during the November election process – a common practice when officials make a mistake and have to re-scan a batch – yet the audit log shows that only one batch was " aborted " ( aborting a batch is a different procedure from deleting a batch , which might explain why the log recorded this action and not the others ) .
Here 's how the aborted batch ( referred to as " Deck 132 " ) appears in the log :
1225737079 Exception !
" Aborted " ( Deck 132 on 192.168.3.100 ) 1225737079
Lost deck !
132 on 192.168.3.100
Unfortunately , however , deck 132 is not the batch of ballots that went missing from the system .
The batch that went missing is deck 0 .
Line 11 of the log shows when deck 0 was uploaded to the system , but there 's no line showing when it was deleted .
Premier told state officials a different log , called the poster log , records deletions , but state officials could find no evidence of deletions in that log either ( see below for more on the poster log ) .
Humboldt County officials created three versions of the audit log , one designated " Election Night Audit Log , " one designated " Post Election Audit Log " and a third labeled " Final Canvas Audit Log . "
Although at least half of the ballots were scanned into the system after election night , all three audit logs are identical .
The Election Night Audit Log includes all of the ballots that were scanned into the system weeks later , suggesting that the system might not be able to produce " snapshot " reports after an election to reflect how the system looked at a certain point in time during the election .
The logs also do n't distinguish between test ballots scanned into the machine before the election that were never counted in the final results , and official ballots cast during the election .
This created some confusion for Humboldt officials when they found 17 mysterious ballots in their audit log that they could n't account for ( see line 3 of the log ) .
They eventually determined that these were ballots scanned into the system during logic - and - accuracy tests before the election .
The ballots were deleted automatically when the system was re-set for the election , although the audit log does n't indicate that the system was ever re-set or that the test ballots were deleted .
( See the bottom of this post for information about how to read the audit logs . )
The audit logs appear to record only limited types of events on the system and provide no comprehensive record that tracks every event performed by an election official .
Premier did n't respond to a query from Threat Level about the logs .
But Jones said the Premier / Diebold system , as far as he knows , provides no single log file that chronologically lists all events in the life of an election .
Instead , he says , the system keeps " lots and lots of different logs " that appear to have been " independently designed by people who did n't talk to each other " and that are incomprehensible to anyone except the vendor .
He assumes Premier has documentation explaining how to interpret the logs , but says if it does , the company does n't share that information with election officials , making independent audits of a voting system difficult if not impossible .
" From the point of view of actually doing any forensics , it 's a mess , " Jones said .
" Because you have to understand what all of the logs are saying , and all of the documentation to understand what they 're saying are not public documents .
I find that truly reprehensible .
The idea that you can have this inscrutable document , but that you can't have any document to understand that document , is just totally nuts . "
Even more troubling than the audit logs is another log referred to as a " status report by deck " ( .pdf ) .
This log report , which was created after the post- election canvas was completed , lists each batch of ballots , called decks , and does show the dates and times ballots were scanned .
Unfortunately , it shows the wrong date and time for at least three decks .
The report , for example , indicates that ballots that were loaded to the system on November 3 , were loaded on November 25 instead ( see the first entry for deck 0 on page 6 under the heading " mail ballot precincts " ) .
A different status report created on election night ( . pdf ) correctly shows this same batch of ballots scanned on November 3 .
Batches that were loaded sequentially also show up in the status reports with out - of - sync dates and times .
The first batch of " mail ballot precincts " ballots that was scanned on November 3 was scanned right before the batch that follows it .
But in both reports , the first batch appears to have been scanned after the batch that follows it .
The election night report shows the first batch being scanned about 23 minutes after the second batch , while the final canvas report shows the first batch being scanned three weeks after the second batch , all of which raises serious questions about the integrity of the logs and their ability to monitor what occurs during an election .
County election officials discovered several weeks after the election , and after they had certified the official election results to the secretary of state 's office , that the system had deleted 197 ballots .
Humboldt uses Premier 's central - count optical - scan system , and an investigation so far shows that the paper mail - in ballots were scanned properly by officials into the optical - scan system .
Humboldt County provided Threat Level with a manual log that officials filled out by hand as they scanned the ballots , as well as a receipt printed from the machine after they were scanned .
The manual log shows that the 197 ballots were scanned by Elections Manager Kelly Sanders on November 1 , three days before the election .
The receipt from the scanner also shows the ballots in the system , although there 's no date on the receipt – another problem for conducting audits .
The ballots even showed up in the status report ( . pdf ) printed from GEMS on election night .
( See the 197 ballots that show up as " deck 0 " on the first page of this report . )
But some time after election night , the tabulation software deleted the ballots .
( A second report created after the election canvas was completed ( .pdf ) shows the 197 ballots missing . )
Premier attributed the problem to a programming error in GEMS that causes the first " deck " or the first batch of ballots counted by the software to be randomly deleted if a subsequent deck is intentionally deleted .
The GEMS system names the first batch of ballots " deck 0 , " with subsequent batches called " deck 1 , " " deck 2 , " etc .
The system creates a " deck 0 " for each ballot type that is scanned .
Humboldt County has three types of ballots – absentee ballots , provisional ballots and " mail ballot precincts " ( ballots from precincts that are so small they use only mail - in ballots ) – although the audit log actually shows four " deck 0 " files , because one belongs to ballots scanned during the pre-election logic - and - accuracy test .
Premier said that a programming error sometimes causes the " deck 0 " to be erased if any subsequent deck involving the same type of ballots is erased .
The absentee " deck 0 , " containing 197 ballots , is the one that disappeared from the system in Humboldt County .
County officials deleted 26 different decks of absentee ballots , any one of which might have caused the deck 0 to disappear from the system .
( Note that this refers to " deleted " decks as opposed to deck 132 , which was aborted .
A deletion occurs after a batch of ballots is already scanned into the system , and officials discover a mistake and delete the deck in order to re-scan the ballots .
An abortion occurs when an official opens a new file or deck but aborts it before scanning any ballots in the batch . )
Premier initially told Humboldt County Registrar of Voters Caroline Crnich that the deck 0 got deleted when she aborted deck 132 .
But this proved to be incorrect when Crnich realized she 'd aborted deck 132 before election day , and deck 0 was still in the system on election night .
County officials also deleted a deck from the mail ballot precincts category , yet the " deck 0 " in that category did not disappear from the system , which either confirms Premier 's explanation that the deletion problem occurs sporadically or indicates that Premier 's explanation of the problem is wrong .
The state 's investigation is ongoing and has expanded to two other California counties – Santa Barbara and San Luis Obispo – that use the same version of GEMS software that Humboldt uses .
The state plans to release a report of its findings to the federal Election Assistance Commission , to be shared with other election jurisdictions around the country .
A spokeswoman for the secretary of state 's office had only this to say about the investigation so far :
" Secretary Bowen is certainly concerned about Premier 's carelessness with yet another elections product and thinks it 's distressing that the company took virtually no action for years on this apparent defect .
Secretary Bowen is talking with the company , county elections officials and others about how to prevent this problem from ever happening again in California .
One last point .
I mentioned something about the poster log .
When California state investigators expressed their concern that the GEMS audit logs did n't show any record of Humboldt officials deleting 27 decks , Tab Iredale , a programmer who helped develope the Premier / Diebold system , told Deputy Secretary of State Lowell Finley that he would find the deletions recorded in a second set of logs – the poster logs .
Here 's a copy of the poster log .
As you can see , it 's just a listing of " starts " and " stops " that appears to record each time a new batch of ballots was scanned and posted to the system .
The only deviation in the list is one line that reads " Recovering 0 job (s ) , " with no indication of what this might mean .
There 's no mention of the 27 decks being deleted .
Finley has n't responded to a call asking for comment , but here 's an e-mail he sent to Humboldt County Registrar of Voters Carolyn Crnich in December :
From : Finley , Lowell Sent : Friday , December 05 , 2008 6:33 PM
To : Crnich , Carolyn Subject : RE : Poster Logs Carolyn , Tab Iredale said these logs would reflect deletions of decks , but they sure do n't look like it .
The " Recovering 0 jobs " may be related to the aborted Deck 132 , but none of the rest of it seems to correspond to the deletions you knowingly made .
In any event , I would say this would qualify as the proverbial " Greek " to anyone other than a programmer .
I hope you have a great weekend .
Lowell Finley Deputy Secretary of State Voting Systems Technology and Policy California Secretary of State Debra Bowen
Premier became aware of the problem of deck 0 being deleted from GEMS in 2004 with version 1.18.19 of its software .
As I wrote in a previous post , the company sent election officials an e-mail describing a workaround that they should perform , but did n't tell officials the reason for the workaround ( i.e. , that the system might randomly delete votes if they did n't perform the workaround ) .
The company apparently fixed the issue in a later version of the software , but never told California state officials about the flaw so they could urge counties to upgrade to the new version or ensure that county officials knew about the workaround ( Crnich was n't aware of it until the investigation began . )
The problem with " deck 0 " being deleted from the GEMS software is unique to Premier 's central - count optical - scan system , since it appears to be the only Premier system that creates decks to tabulate votes .
However , the basic problems with the audit logs and their lack of transparency in tracking every event that occurs on the tabulation system is likely a global problem in the GEMS design that would affect the ability to audit elections on any Premier voting system .
Jones , who has been examining Premier voting systems since they were first known in the late 90s under the name I - Mark Systems ( before Diebold purchased the technology ) , said there 's no reason to think the audit logs are any more comprehensive for Premier 's other voting machines .
If anyone has information about the GEMS logs for touch - screen and precinct - based optical - scan machines , I 'd be interested in hearing about it .
HOW TO READ THE AUDIT LOG :
The GEMS audit log includes a left - hand column of numbers that is a Unix timestamp , indicating the date and time the event occurred .
appears to be an event ID .
Although the numbers are sequential as you go down the list , there are gaps in them , indicating perhaps other events occurring on the system in between these events , which are not recorded on this log .
The log refers to two different IP addresses ( " connection on 192.168.3.100 " and " connection on 192.168.3.101 " ) .
These are two separate optical - scan machines that were used to upload the scanned ballots to the tabulation server .
" New deck 0 , " " new deck 1 , " indicates each time a file is created for a new batch of ballots .
Once the batch is scanned , the system " commits " the deck to the system and indicates the number of ballots in the batch ( " Commit Deck 0 Count 197 " ) .
HOW TO READ THE STATUS REPORT :
The status report ( .pdf ) has three sections for the different types of ballots – absentee , provisional , and mail ballot precincts .
Reading left to right , the " Deck ID " column lists the number of the deck , followed by the date and time the deck was uploaded to the system , followed by the number of ballots that were in that deck .
You 'll notice there are gaps in the Deck ID .
For example , decks 5 , 6 , and 10 are missing .
These decks are among the 27 decks that had mistakes and were deleted before being re-scanned .
When they were re-scanned , they were scanned with a new deck number .
Deck 5 , for example , was renamed deck 8 when it was re-scanned .
Although the status report does n't indicate that these decks were deleted and re-scanned , Humboldt officials happened to keep a manual log recording each deck that was deleted and the new deck number when it was re-scanned .
See also :
FOREIGN AFFAIRS ANALYSIS:A SMALL but active minority of Irish - Americans took a keen interest in the Troubles in Northern Ireland and many of these had a " simplistic and emotional view " of the situation , which led them to support the Provisional IRA .
This is the analysis provided in a confidential document prepared by the Department of Foreign Affairs for taoiseach Jack Lynch prior to his US visit in May 1978 .
" Those Irish - Americans who interest themselves in Irish affairs or who actively participate in Irish organisations such as the Gaelic Athletic Association , Ancient Order of Hibernians , emerald societies and county organisations are mostly Irish - born or have Irish parents , " it noted .
" The total number of persons involved with these organisations is thought to be about 100,000 .
It is in this group that support for the Provisional IRA exists most strongly .
" On the one hand , the Provisional IRA look to these Irish - Americans for moral and financial support as well as weapons .
" On the other hand , Irish - Americans in this group are almost the only category who continuously parade themselves as such and , to that extent , vociferous support on their part for violence in Ireland can be and has been confused by American politicians and the public generally as representative of an enormous Irish - American constituency and / or of the feelings of the Irish in Ireland . "
This group had shown " considerable loyalty " to Ireland , " especially as tourists " , and comprised a " crucial " proportion of transatlantic passengers each year .
" Their loyalty , however , has never extended to Irish institutions of government , especially so far as the issue of Irish nationalism is concerned , " it added .
Like other emigré communities in the US , these Irish - Americans felt " socially and culturally insecure " .
Their attitude to the government back home was : " We owe you nothing .
You could not even provide us with a job . "
The document observes that " it irks many of them to hear of Irish economic development because that suggests that the personal and cultural sacrifice of emigration was pointless " .
" Many of the Irish - born working - class emigrants feel that Irish State and semi-State activities in the US are geared only to the white - collar middle - class Irish from whom they feel deeply separated and this carries over into their attitude to distinguished visitors from Ireland who , they feel , shun them or despise them .
" They tend to cling closely to a familiar system of historic myths of British repression and Irish failure which provides them with a history , an identity and a cause .
" Northern Ireland provides a focus for all of this .
Some of them see the Republic , its Government and to a lesser extent its people , as having betrayed their cause . "
The analysis , which may raise hackles even 30 years later , concludes : " There is , moreover , little doubt that Irish - Americans ( especially those in this category ) like to be congratulated on their achievements in the US and to be told of the inspiration their success provides to those at home to solve their problems openly , democratically and rationally . "
FEBRUARY 24 --Does this woman look like a testicle crusher ?
Well , that 's what cops claim University of Colorado student Chalie Simon did to a former boyfriend early Saturday morning during a confrontation at a campus apartment .
Simon , a 19 - year - old sophomore , went to Job Donkor 's home at about 4 AM and became irate when he sought to remove her from the residence .
That 's when Simon allegedly ' grabbed his testicles and squeezed hard , ' according to a police report .
Donkor , 23 , replied , ' Yeah , it hurt a lot , ' when a cop asked about Simon 's squeeze play .
Donkor told police that he had dated Simon ' on and off ' during the prior 18 months , and that they had broken up ' approximately 20 times . '
Simon was apparently angry because Donkor had not , as promised , called or sent her a text message by 3 AM ( police noted that another woman was sleeping in Donkor 's bedroom when they arrived ) .
Simon , pictured in a Boulder County Sheriff 's Office mug shot , was arrested on assault , trespass , and domestic violence charges .
( 2 pages )
1 Vladimir Demikhov : The Two - Headed Dog Surgeon
On 1954 , soviet surgeon Vladimir Demikhov , revealed his masterpiece to the world : a two - headed dog .
The head of a puppy had been grafted onto the neck of an adult German shepherd .
The second head would lap at milk , even though it did not need nourishment — and though the milk then dribbled down the neck from its disconnected oesophagus .
Although both animals soon died because of tissue rejection , that did not stop Demikhov from creating 19 more over the next 15 years .
See a video of the surgery .
2 Stubbins Ffirth : The Yellow Fever Vomit - Drinking Doctor
During the 1800s , a doctor training in Philadelphia , Stubbins Ffirth , formed the hypothesis that yellow fever was not an infectious disease , and proceeded to test it on himself .
He first poured infected vomit into open wounds , then drank the vomit .
He did not fall ill , but not because yellow fever is not infectious : it was later discovered that it must be injected directly into the bloodstream , typically through the bite of a mosquito .
3 Josef Mengele : The Angel of Death
Joseph Mengele gained notoriety chiefly for being one of the SS physicians who supervised the selection of arriving transports of prisoners , determining who was to be killed and who was to become a forced laborer , and for performing human experiments on camp inmates , amongst whom Mengele was known as the “ Angel of Death . ”
At Auschwitz , Mengele did a number of twin studies .
After the experiment was over , these twins were usually murdered and their bodies dissected .
He supervised an operation by which two Gypsy children were sewn together to create conjoined twins ; the hands of the children became badly infected where the veins had been resected .
Mengele was almost fanatical about drawing blood from twins , mostly identical twins .
He is reported to have bled some to death this way
Auschwitz prisoner Alex Dekel has said : “ I have never accepted the fact that Mengele himself believed he was doing serious work — not from the slipshod way he went about it .
He was only exercising his power .
Mengele ran a butcher shop — major surgeries were performed without anesthesia .
Once , I witnessed a stomach operation — Mengele was removing pieces from the stomach , but without any anesthetic .
Another time , it was a heart that was removed , again , without anesthesia .
It was horrifying .
Mengele was a doctor who became mad because of the power he was given .
Nobody ever questioned him — why did this one die ?
Why did that one perish ?
The patients did not count .
He professed to do what he did in the name of science , but it was a madness on his part ” .
4 Johann Conrad Dippel : The original Frankenstein
Johann Conrad Dippel was such a mad scientist that he was actually born in castle Frankenstein in 1673 , a place near near Darmstadt , Germany .
He is said to be the model for Mary Shelley ’s novel “ Frankenstein ” , though that idea remains controversial .
After studying theology , philosophy and alchemy , he created an animal oil made of bones , blood and various other animal products , known as Dippel ’s Oil which was supposed to be the equivalent to the alchemists ’ dream of the “ elixir of life .
” It is said that some of his work on anatomy involved boiling various body parts in large vats to make some kind of mad man stew , and that he also tried his hand at moving the soul from one corpse to another , possibly with a funnel , a hose and a lot of lubricant .
5 Giovanni Aldini : The Corpse Electrocutioner
Aldini was the nephew of Luigi Galvani .
His uncle essentially discovered the concept of galvanism , when experimenting with electrical currents on frog legs .
Aldini took those experiments further .
Aldini conducted his experiments on corpses .
In front of an audience , he conducted an experiment on a hung murderer , George Forster .
He applied conducting rods to the man ’s rectum , whereby the dean man began to punch the air , and his legs began to kick and flinch .
Rods applied to the face made it clench and quiver .
The left eye popped open .
Several people present feared the man had come back to life , and had he actually sprung forth , he would have to be re-executed .
One individual was so horrified , that shortly upon leaving the spectacle , he reportedly died .
6 Sergei Bruyukhonenko : The Dog Decapitator
Way before Vladimir Demikhov , Bruyukhonenko ’s mad experiments on dogs led to the development of open - heart procedures .
He developed a crude machine called the autojektor ( a heart and lung machine ) .
By using this primitive machine , Bryukhonenko kept the heads of severed dogs alive .
In 1928 , he displayed one of the heads in front of an audience .
To prove it was real , he banged a hammer on the table .
The head flinched .
When a light was shone in its eyes , the eyes blinked .
And when it was fed a piece of cheese , the remnants promptly popped out of the esophageal tube , much to the displeasure of disgusted viewers .
7 Andrew Ure : The Scottish Butcher
Andrew Ure , despite his many accomplishments as a Scottish doctor , was more famously known for four experiments conducted on Matthew Clydesdale on November 4 , 1818 .
The first experiment involved an incision in the nape of the neck .
Part of the vertebra was removed .
An incision was then made in the left hip .
Then a cut was made in the heel .
Two rods connected to a battery were placed in the neck and hip , which caused great , uncontrollable convulsions .
The 2nd rod was then placed into the heel , whereby the left leg kicked with such force , that it nearly knocked over an assistant .
The 2nd experiment made the diaphragm of Forster ’s chest rise and lower , as if he were breathing again .
Ure had reported that had Forster ’s blood not been drained , or his neck broken from the hanging , he was sure he could bring him back to life .
The 3rd experiment showed the extraordinary facial expressions exhibited when Ure made an incision in Forster ’s forehead .
The rod was inserted , and Forster ’s face began to show emotions of anger , horror , despair , anguish , and hideous , contorted smiles .
The expressions scared viewers so badly , that one doctor who was known to have a strong stomach , passed out on the spot .
The final experiment had people believing that Forster was indeed alive .
A cut was made into the forefinger .
Once the rod was inserted , Forster began to raise his hand and point to people in the audience .
Needless to say , many were horrified .
8 Shiro Ishii : Dr. Pure Evil
Ishii was a microbiologist and the lieutenant general of Unit 731 , a biological warfare unit of the Imperial Japanese Army during the Second Sino - Japanese War .
He was born in the former Shibayama Village of Sanbu District in Chiba Prefecture , and studied medicine at Kyoto Imperial University .
In 1932 , he began his preliminary experiments in biological warfare as a secret project for the Japanese military .
In 1936 , Unit 731 was formed .
Ishii built a huge compound — more than 150 buildings over six square kilometers — outside the city of Harbin , China .
Some of the numerous atrocities committed by Ishii and others under his command in Unit 731 include : vivisection of living people ( including pregnant women who were impregnated by the doctors ) , prisoners had limbs amputated and reattached to other parts of their body , some prisoners had parts of their bodies frozen and thawed to study the resulting untreated gangrene .
Humans were also used as living test cases for grenades and flame throwers .
Prisoners were injected with inoculations of disease , disguised as vaccinations , to study their effects .
To study the effects of untreated venereal diseases , male and female prisoners were deliberately infected with syphilis and gonorrhea via rape , then studied .
Having been granted immunity by the American Occupation Authorities at the end of the war , Ishii never spent any time in jail for his crimes and died at the age of 67 of throat cancer .
9 Kevin Warwick : The First Human Cyborg
Kevin Warwick is a British scientist and professor of cybernetics with such a fascination with for robots , that he ’s endeavoring to be the first man ever to become a cyborg .
On 1998 , a simple RFID transmitter was implanted beneath Warwick ’s skin , and used to control doors , lights , heaters , and other computer - controlled devices based on his proximity .
The main purpose of this experiment was said to be to test the limits of what the body would accept , and how easy it would be to receive a meaningful signal from the chip .
On 2002 , a more complex neural interface was implanted on his nervous system , getting access to his nervous signals .
The experiment proved so successful , that the signal produced was detailed enough for a robot arm to mimic the actions of Warwick ’s own arm .
Later , a highly publicised extension to the experiment , in which a simpler array was implanted into Warwick ’s wife — with the aim of creating a form of telepathy or empathy using the Internet to communicate the signal from afar — was also successful , resulting in the first purely electronic communication experiment between the nervous systems of two humans .
His experiments are still on .
10 John Lilly : The Sensory Deprivation Tank creator
To find out what would happen if the brain was cut off from all external stimuli , scientist John Lilly built the first sensory deprivation tank in 1954 .
Floating in warm water for hours in complete darkness and silence , Lilly began to experience vivid fantasies .
“ These are too personal to relate publicly , ” he reported later .
The hallucinations of his test subjects were similarly difficult to categorize scientifically .
This was one reason why his research did not take off .
Lilly later gave up scientific research and founded the firm Samadhi Tanks , which manufactured tanks for domestic use .
On 1980 Lilly ’s work was the model for the film “ Altered States ” .
Having became something of a New Age guru , he died in 2001 .
A Palestinian stands next to a crater caused by Israeli bombing of the Sheik Radwan cemetery in Gaza City Wednesday .
( ( Hatem Moussa / Associated Press ) )
Hamas envoys in Cairo said Wednesday that Egyptian negotiators have been fully briefed on their ceasefire demands , a day before an Israeli envoy is set to arrive in the city .
" The movement has presented a detailed vision to the Egyptian leadership so that it [ Egypt ] can continue its pursuit to end the aggression and lift the injustice on our people in the Gaza Strip , " Hamas official Salah al - Bardawil said during a news conference Wednesday .
" The Egyptian leadership will … discuss [ the views ] with the aggressor to reach the goals that we want .
During this period we will monitor . "
Al - Bardawil did n't provide any further details on the group 's demands , but it has called for the withdrawal of Israeli forces from Gaza and the reopening of border crossings .
Lead Israeli negotiator Amos Gilad is expected to arrive in Cairo Thursday .
A spokesperson for Egypt 's foreign ministry told the BBC that progress is being made .
" We 're working with Hamas and we 're working with the Israeli side .
We hope to reach an outcome soon , " said Hossam Zaki .
Rockets from Lebanon
As diplomatic efforts continued Wednesday , the Hamas - run Ministry of Health in Gaza said that the death toll in Gaza topped 1,000 .
Thirteen Israelis have been killed since the Israeli campaign started on Dec. 27 in an effort to stop Hamas from firing rockets into the Jewish state .
Officials in both Israel and Lebanon said several rockets were launched at northern Israel Wednesday , although no injuries or damage have been reported .
At least one of the rockets fell short inside Lebanon , according to security officials there .
It 's the second such cross - border attack since the conflict started .
Israeli forces responded to the attack by firing several rounds of artillery fire into southern Lebanon .
The rocket attack came as Israeli ground forces pushed closer toward the Gaza Strip 's main city early Wednesday , with more than 60 air strikes reported overnight in the Palestinian territory .
United Nations Secretary General Ban Ki-moon , who has arrived in the region for talks with key leaders , called for intensified negotiations in order to quickly reach a ceasefire .
" It is intolerable that civilians bear the brunt of this conflict , " Ban said from Cairo , where he met with Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak .
2nd attack launched from Lebanon in a week
It was not immediately clear Wednesday who was behind the rocket attacks from Lebanon , which reportedly landed in the Israeli city of Kiryat Shemona .
A similar attack took place last Thursday when four rockets were fired into northern Israel , marking the first time the Jewish state had come under fire from its northern neighbour since the offensive began on Dec. 27 .
Two people were wounded in that attack .
Israeli soldiers observe south Lebanon , not seen , as they stand in a watch post in northern Israel Wednesday .
( ( Yaron Kaminsky / Associated Press ) )
While rocket launches from Hezbollah fighters in southern Lebanon were a hallmark of the 34 - day conflict in 2006 between Israel and the militant political group , both Israeli and Lebanese officials have said they do n't believe last week 's attack was launched by Hezbollah .
Some have suggested the attack was likely carried out by a small Palestinian group operating out of Lebanon .
Israel , which has repeatedly said it is preparing for an attack in the north , has mobilized thousands of reserve troops .
Israeli helicopter gunships flew reconnaissance missions along the heavily protected border Wednesday as Lebanese troops and UN peacekeepers sent out patrols , Lebanese officials said on condition of anonymity .
Israeli police said residents have been advised to hide in bomb shelters , while some living in southern Lebanon took their children out of school Wednesday for fear of an escalation in the violence .
With Israel 's military offensive in Gaza against Palestinian militant group Hamas entering its 19th day , witnesses said an Israeli warplane fired a missile at the former city hall in densely populated Gaza City .
The building , which has been used as a courthouse in recent years , was destroyed , and many stores in the market around it were badly damaged , the witnesses said .
Aircraft also struck the Sheikh Radwan cemetery in Gaza City , destroying about 30 graves and scattering body parts for metres , residents said .
The military had no immediate comment , but rocket squads have used graveyards as launching pads in the past .
" There was flesh on the roofs , there was small bits of intestines .
My neighbour found a hand of a woman who died a long time ago , we put it all into a plastic bag , " said resident Ahmad Abu Jarbou .
Children make up the majority of Gaza 's population and are suffering in a " conflict which is not theirs , " said Ann Veneman , executive director of UNICEF , in Johannesburg .
Bin Laden urges jihad in taped message
A new audiotape purportedly recorded by al - Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden is urging Muslims to launch a jihad , or holy war , against the Israeli offensive in Gaza .
Al - Qaeda chief bin Laden has urged Palestinian militants to continue their battle against Israeli forces and " enlist the youth into jihad brigades .
" Muslim nation , you are capable of defeating the Zionist entity with your popular capabilities and your great hidden strength — without the support of [ Arab ] leaders and despite the fact that most of [ the leaders ] stand in the barracks of the Crusader - Zionist alliance , " bin Laden said , according to the tape posted Wednesday on Islamic militant websites where the organization is known for issuing messages .
He also condemned Arab governments for preventing their people from acting to " liberate Palestine . "
The authenticity of the tape could not immediately be independently confirmed .
The Arab League said Wednesday it had failed to win enough support among its members to convene an emergency meeting on Gaza .
However , Saudi Arabia will host a separate emergency meeting of Gulf Arab states on Thursday .
On Wednesday night , Venezuela announced it had broken off diplomatic relations with Israel in protest over the Gaza offensive .
It follows last week 's expulsion of Israel 's ambassador to Venezuela by the government of President Hugo Chavez , a vocal critic of Israel .
UN chief arrives
News of bin Laden 's message , his first since last May , came as UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon arrived in Cairo , where international emissaries have been working to find a diplomatic solution to the violence between Israel and Hamas .
Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak , right , meets with United Nations Secretary General Ban Ki-moon at the presidential palace in Cairo Wednesday .
( ( Amr Nabil / Associated Press ) )
Ban met with Mubarak before expected visits to Israel , the West Bank , Turkey , Lebanon , Syria and Kuwait .
His tour will not include any meetings with representatives from Hamas , which has controlled Gaza since June 2007 .
The UN Security Council passed a resolution last week calling for an immediate end to Hamas rocket attacks and Israeli military action in Gaza .
Israel says its military offensive is aimed at bringing an end to Hamas rockets fired from Gaza into the Jewish state 's southern towns , and it accuses the militant group of using civilians in Gaza as human shields and exploiting civilian casualties for political purposes .
Meanwhile , Israeli media reported a rift in the country 's three - member senior security team over whether to continue the offensive .
Israeli newspaper Haaretz reported Prime Minister Ehud Olmert is ignoring calls from Defence Minister Ehud Barak and Foreign Minister Tzipi Livni for an immediate ceasefire .
Barak is promoting a week - long " humanitarian " ceasefire in the Gaza Strip , while Olmert believes the military operation still has not achieved its goals , the paper said , quoting unnamed senior sources .
In what Red Cross chief for Israel and the Palestinian territories Pierre Wettlach described as “ a shocking incident , ” relief workers found four starving children next to their mothers and other corpses in a neighborhood of Gaza City which Israel had denied them access to for days .
“ The Israeli military must have been aware of the situation , ” Wettlach added , “ but did not assist the wounded .
Neither did they make it possible for us or the Palestinian Red Crescent to assist the wounded . ”
The action appears , according to the agency , to have violated international humanitarian law .
The young children were too weak to stand , and the Israeli army erected large earthen barriers and denied ambulances access to the neighborhood for four days .
After discovering yet more bodies in another house in the neighborhood , the Israeli military ordered the rescue team to leave the area immediately .
The Israeli military declined to comment on the specifics of the latest atrocities , but insists that it “ in no way intentionally targets civilians and has demonstrated its willingness to abort operations to save civilian lives . ”
The claim carries considerably less weight after the Israeli military intentionally attacked a UN - run school full of civilians on Tuesday and unsuccessfully tried to blame Hamas .
Over the past week , I have been again exploring low - level functional systems , in which to write an RTS ( notably a garbage collector ) for high - level languages .
The progress has been slim , but I ’ll report on my findings .
I get the hunch that linear lambda calculus is unsuitable , but I have n’t yet convinced myself of that and it ’s the closest I ’ve got so far .
So I have been trying to implement a minimal LLC runtime in C. Apparently Haskell has fried my brain and I can no longer write in C without segfaulting up the wazoo .
Or maybe that ’s what writing in C is like and I had just forgotten :-) .
Said runtime is more complex than I ’d like it to be .
It is a fairly involved pattern - matching graph reduction machine .
It needs a dedicated memory pool to allocate from and deallocate to , holding the graph currently under consideration ( but when things fall off the graph , they are freed immediately , which is its charm ) .
I was hoping that it would run in constant memory , but I do n’t think that ’s possible , so this is the best I could hope for ( in some sense , this memory pool is the “ stack ” ) .
I would like to find a more direct translation , say into a ( parallel ) sequence of instructions .
But that seems to conflict with the graph reduction properties that I like , namely that code can be “ compiled ” on the fly .
I wonder if there is an incarnation which can generate short bursts of assembly and run them , thus taking the best of both worlds .
Still , I ’m not sure it ’s possible to implement an RTS in linear lambda calculus , so I may just be barking up a ditch .
Jeremy
Siek pointed out that copying collectors are simple and composable ; i.e. all they do is copy a root set into contiguous memory and throw away the rest .
A copier for a composition is a composition of copiers .
This is very promising , and is what I ’m shooting for .
He also pointed me at the Categorical Abstract Machine ( sorry I could n’t find any public links ) , which I guess is fairly popular , and definitely a clever little thing .
But alas , it appears to need garbage collection , so I ’m not focusing on that level yet .
The boulder functional programmers group is doing a two - session focus on CUDA , and in particular next meeting we will be talking about functional high - level ( at least in comparison to C for CUDA ) specification of parallel algorithms for CUDA .
I ’m hoping that what I find for the RTS language will also be applicable to this task .
Until next time .
Favorite Answer
What had been a simple farting competition has now turned into a power struggle .
Unfortunately for you , his mother is holding all the cards .
Since you are at a disadvantage , your response must be overwhelming and decisive .
If she will not respect you , then the alternative is to make her fear you .
Draw upon your natural talents .
Now is the time to eat plenty of eggs , beans , and other gassy foods .
Asparagus might add a nice sting to the gift that God has given you .
Just make sure to be well - prepared when the moment comes .
You will need to arrange a face - to - face visit with your boyfriend 's mother .
You may start the call by offering a false apology , but lie as much as is needed to get her to agree to a face - to - face visit at the trailer .
Tell her you forgot something vital .
Maybe you can say you lost an earring that your dead grandmother had given you .
Once she 's agreed to meet you , arrive timely .
Dress well , and give no clue to the colonic violence you are ready to impart .
Wearing a dress is a wise choice , as it gives you faster access to your nether region .
Knock at her door , and when she opens it , thank her for meeting you and quickly punch her in the face .
You will need to do this quickly and with enough force to knock her to the floor .
While she 's stunned , leap onto her face , anus pointed appropriately toward her mouth , and unleash the captive wind God from your powerful rectum .
Make sure to do this last step twice , to illustrate the point that this ability is under your control .
Reaffirm this point by yelling at her that you can do this at any time , and that you 'd hate to have to do it again , but her lack of respect leaves you with few options .
Stand up , brush yourself off , and smile at her .
Thank her again for meeting with you , and let her know you 'll be back in the evening to see her son .
[ social_buttons ]
Tis ’ the season to donate and if you ’re so inclined there are lots of folks trying to help you do it .
Facebook has jumped into the game with an application to give Facebook Charity Gifts .
Through the app , you make a donation as a gift in a friend ’s name and your friend receives a nifty icon on their Facebook page .
Sounds like a great proposition , right ?
The problem is that Facebook did not do its homework on all these nonprofits .
A quick check on Charity Navigator reveals that only seven of the twenty - one nonprofits ( 33 % ) were given 4 - star ratings : American National Red Cross , One Economy Corporation , Heal the Bay , Islamic Relief , MERCY CORPS , Humane Society of The United States and United States Fund for UNICEF .
One group earned 3 - stars ( “ good ” ) , two groups earned 2 - stars ( “ fair ” ) , two are hospitals ( and not 501c3 charities ) [ CORRECTION : the hospitals are both in fact 501c3s ] and seven groups were not even rated , including one group with no website [ CORRECTION : LOVEFUTBOL does have a very nice website ] , no HQ and listed “ c / o ” someone who apparently lives around the corner from me .
I should add that looking at the rating is not always enough .
As a reader named David pointed out in a comment to the post last week , notwithstanding its 4 - star rating , UNICEF has its own questionable practices .
Facebook ’s promotion of questionable charities came to my attention last week when researching another charity giving scheme .
Call me naive , but I was surprised to find out that the mainstream media has n’t been researching what it was writing about .
Do n’t all charities deserve support anyhow ?
Actually , not all charities are created equal .
In the words of Charity Watch , make your donation count more , review charities before you donate :
As charities face inflation , government budget cuts and an increasing public demand for services , they ask you for more donations .
Increasing numbers of charities use high - tech fundraising techniques .
Mailboxes overflow with fund - raising appeals .
Phone calls pour in from high - pressure solicitors .
All this can leave you confused about which charities are most deserving of your contributions .
Most charities are honest and accountable to their donors .
Unfortunately , a few are not .
( Check out Charity Watch ’s tips for giving wisely . )
There are thousands of terrific nonprofit organizations that do 4 - star work and send the vast majority of your donations directly to the programs that they support .
But , there are plenty that do n’t strive for fiscal excellence .
Some use a good chunk ’s of your donation to pay for big salaries , fancy offices and slick fundraising appeals .
So , when an article in Forbes mentions a nonprofit , they are tacitly endorsing it .
All it seems to take is a well written press release .
But , its not just the MSM .
In an attempt to jump on the corporate social responsibility bandwagon , lots of companies — some with very far reaching messaging — are doing the same , including Facebook .
It begs the question , how did Facebook decide which nonprofits would receive its tremendous marketing clout ?
Did someone ’s high school boyfriend think up LOVE FUTBOL ?
Is Youth Service America and its 2 - stars an advertiser ?
I think we need to know .
Facebook has 90 million active members and this kind of endorsement is potentially huge .
Given the stats on some of these groups , however , it smells a lot like charity wash or reckless CSR .
For the record , I sent a bunch of emails asking about selection criteria to various staff members at the group credited with building the app , Project Agape , but heard nothing back .
So , lets send a message to Facebook : it really is n’t hard to set some standards , guys .
You owe it to us .
The other point is that we should choose only high performing nonprofits to align with .
There are plenty of opportunities to align with really good nonprofits that strive for excellence and transparency .
Take Ecohaus , a distributor of green building supplies and household products in the Pacific Northwest .
This holiday season customers can drop off non-perishable food items destined for two local food banks and enter a drawing for a $ 100 ecohaus gift certificate .
When I clicked through to the food bank sites from the ecohaus site , both food banks state right upfront how much money goes to admin and how much goes to programs .
No mention of “ nominal fees ” or any other such marketing claims .
Ecohaus ’ CSR program is well designed ( CSR that brings potential customers through the doors ) and they obviously know and trust the charities with which they have aligned .
CSR is really good stuff , but programs and alliances need to be designed carefully and with thought .
Just the way you do everything else in your business .
Update : At 6:37 PM EST , December 2 , 2008 , I received this response from Malorie Lucich at Facebook ( Malorie@facebook.com ) :
Hi Jennifer ,
All of the third party developers that build applications on Facebook Platform must adhere to Facebook ’s Developer Terms of Use , including “ You must be honest and accurate about what your application does and how it uses information from Facebook users .
Your application cannot falsely represent itself . ”
You can find more information here :
http://developers.facebook.com/terms.php
Also wanted to mention that Facebook has over 120 million active users .
You can find additional stats here : http://www.facebook.com/facebook#/press/info.php?statistics
Best ,
Malorie
So , what do you think ?
Looks like they are passing the buck …
Update # 2 : It turns out that Facebook ’s reach and influence is even greater than thought .
First , I found out that in the last 2 years more people are being driven to charity web sites off Facebook than driven off of email ; and , as Malorie mentioned , they actually have 120 million active users .
Given their tremendous influence Facebook should be ashamed to not take the high ground .
Update #3 : This is LOVFUTBOL’s HQ , 5105 Chevy Chase Parkway
[ social_buttons ]
Art by Iconspedia
New Diesel GenSet Locomotive Cuts CO2 Emissions by 50 %
October 24th , 2008 by Timothy B. Hurst
[ social_buttons ]
On the south side of Chicago where railroads are an integral part of the community ’s history , CSX , one of the nation ’s biggest railroads has begun rolling out a fleet of new diesel GenSet switcher locomotives that can slash CO2 emissions in half and cut particulate emissions up to 80 % .
I was fortunate to be invited by CSX to take a look at these new locomotives located at the company ’s 59th Street intermodal terminal .**
>> More on rail transportation at Green Options
Perhaps you ’ve seen the ads on television or in print .
Freight trains have increased their fuel efficiency by 80 percent over the past 25 years and today ’s locomotives can move a ton of freight more than 400 miles on a single gallon of fuel .
But one of the biggest culprits of air pollution and fuel inefficiency has traditionally been in the railyards themselves where trains are loaded and offloaded , and the “ switcher ” locomotives that move them are left idling for hours on end .
Not only is the practice inefficient and dirty , it can also make for sticky relations with the neighbors ; particulate matter emissions can be the precursor to serious respiratory ailments .
But the new diesel GenSet switcher locomotives can be cranked up as quickly as a truck engine , avoiding the need to leave engines idling for long periods of time , resulting in drastic reductions in pollution and fuel consumption .
The GenSet achieves its impressive 80 % reduction in nitrous oxide and particulate matter emissions , in addition to approximately 50 % CO2 savings capability by monitoring engine idling and switching to a sleep mode after a period of inactivity .
Under the hood of the GenSet are three 700 horsepower Cummins diesel engines .
The engines run independently of each other and depending on the need of speed and amperage , 1 , 2 , or 3 of the engines will be used .
When the need goes away , the third will shut down after one minute , after five the second will shut down , the third will go into sleep mode after 15 minutes .
CSX is only in the early stages of rolling out the $ 1.8 million locomotives , with a total of 9 GenSets in operation by 2009 .
The company plans to eventually replace the entire switching fleet with the low emission locomotives .
** Many thanks to CSX for covering the travel and lodging expenses for this trip , and to all the good folks I met in Chicago from CSX who clearly understand that sustainability is not just a marketing tool but a business strategy ; and to the folks at APCO Worldwide for understanding the importance of social media enough to reach out to the blogosphere and green bloggers like me .
Images : Tim Hurst .
Follow Tim on twitter .
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
Art by Rayne 's Avante - Garde
My Name is E.S. Wynn .
I amthe author of over seventy books in print , as well as the chief editor of Thunderune Publishing .
In my spare time , I spin stories , build board games , stitch together battle jackets , run a pair of magazines , make videos about Norse Shamanism on Youtube and encourage people to create new art constantly .
I am openly transgender and do what I can to pursue acceptance and love for and within the trans community .
During the last decade , I have worked with hundreds of authors and edited thousands of manuscripts for nearly a dozen different magazines .
My stories and articles have been published in dozens of journals , e-zines and anthologies .
I have taught classes in literature , marketing , math , spirituality , energetic healing and guided meditation .
I have also worked as a voice - over artist for several different horror and sci- fi podcasts , albums and ebooks .
This is a follow - up from the earlier article highlighting Mike Tomlin 's brief career as the head coach of the Steelers .
In that piece we talked mainly about the improvements that Coach Tomlin made from his first year to his second .
In this piece we take a look inside the man to see what makes him tick .
The quotes all came from Steelers Press Conferences that were appropriate to the story .
No , Arnold Swarzenegger is not the head coach of the Pittsburgh Steelers .
Mike Tomlin is .
And while Tomlin is a warm , personable family man with excellent people - skills , he does have something in common with Swarzenegger 's character in the 1984 blockbuster movie , " The Terminator . "
Tomlin is a man on a mission and there are no roadblocks that he will acknowledge along the way .
That mission is the Steelers ' sixth Lombardi Trophy , the equivalent of The Terminator 's Sara Connor .
If you recall the movie , trying to negotiate with The Terminator was a pointless exercise in futility .
Similarly , trying to discuss mitigating circumstances with Coach Tomlin is dismissed before the conversation begins .
Do n't talk to Tomlin about injuries .
They simply do not factor into the journey .
He re-iterates with monotonous regularity that " the standard of expectation does not change . "
The Steelers were decimated with injuries in 2007 , losing both safeties , the league 's leading rusher , the team 's best offensive tackle and the NFL 's most underrated defensive end .
Any reasonable mind would agree that such avalanche of bad luck was surely the difference in the 31 - 29 playoff heartbreaker to a healthy Jacksonville .
To Tomlin , bad luck , any luck , is nonexistent .
Do n't bring up officiating .
It is part of the game that does not merit discussion .
Do n't mention weather conditions .
They simply are what they are , and for both teams .
Do n't remind Tomlin that the Steelers had one of the most difficult schedules in NFL history in 2008 according to opponents ' winning percentages in 2007 .
" We play who we play . "
And never bring up the past .
It is irrelevant to the future .
The means do not matter , only the end .
Tomlin is genuinely puzzled at the notion that it is hard to defeat a team three times in one season .
Coming into Sunday 's AFC Championship game , there was concern in Steeler Nation of having to beat the Baltimore Ravens three times .
In Tomlin 's mind , he only had to beat the Ravens once .
" I do n't subscribe to that hocus pocus , " snapped Tomlin .
" What happens in the past has nothing to do with the future , except what you can learn from it . "
Step aside Arnold , you 've got some company .
Tomlin not only fears nothing , he embraces the greatest of challenges .
He thrives on the road less traveled .
" Iron makes iron sharper , " another of the many Tomlinisms that he believes and preaches .
Not many could have followed two legends like Chuck Noll and Bill Cowher without reservation .
Tomlin was attracted to the pressure .
" The tradition is awesome , " beams Tomlin .
" You ca n't put a price tag on it .
It 's inspiring not only to me , but I think everyone who 's a part of our football team and in this organization .
Those who have come before us set the standards for us .
We understand that when we come in the building . "
Got goose bumps ?
The Tomlinator entered Steeler Nation under duress , even if he was the only one who never felt it .
The fans were clamoring for one of the current assistants to get the job .
All Pro guard Alan Faneca pouted through a lame duck preseason and the ever - popular Joey Porter was released .
The man who had not yet turned 35 and had never been a head coach on any level never flinched .
He did n't apologize for getting the job .
He was delicate and yet firm , respectful of the past and yet excited about the future .
There is one major difference between Tomlin and The Terminator , and that is the former 's acumen in human relations , a perfect balance of stern and tender .
When All Pro nose tackle Casey Hampton came into camp badly out of shape , Tomlin made it very clear that this was unacceptable , even for a standout veteran .
Hampton was placed on the Physically Unable to Play List .
More importantly , notice was served .
It is unlikely the same problem will present itself next summer , by Hampton or anyone .
Star running back Willie Parker complained to the media about the running game not being utilized enough .
Coach Tomlin would have none of that .
With a knack for classic soundbites , he reminded everyone that Pittsburgh is the proud owner of " five Lombardis , not five rushing titles . "
His words that " Willie 's comments can be construed as selfish , which he is not , " were perfect .
Moreover , Tomlin named Parker an honorary co-captain before the next game in a public display of forgiving and forgetting .
His human relations instincts are exemplary .
With 2007 's fizzle clear in his mind , Tomlin fine - tuned his regimen in 2008 , an example of his willingness to look in the mirror and adapt .
Veterans like Hines Ward and Deshea Townsend , among others , did not practice on Wednesdays to preserve their aging football bodies .
They were not listed with an ankle or knee , they were honestly depicted as " Hines missed practice because he 's Hines . "
The Steelers played much fresher this past December than in Tomlin 's first December .
They played a full 60 minutes , unlike some of their opponents .
Their late - season energy in 2008 was a complete reversal of 2007 .
The biggest improvement in 2008 , however , was making a very good defense into a great one .
The Steelers finished first in the NFL in passing defense , total defense and scoring defense , and finished second in rushing defense .
Had they won that rushing title , they would have accomplished a Defensive Quadruple Crown for only the second time since the NFL merger in 1970 .
( The Philadelphia Eagles did it in 1991 ) .
In addition , the Steelers did not allow an opponent to tally 300 total yards in any of their first 14 games , accomplished only by the 1974 Los Angeles Rams since that same merger .
They finished holding opponents under that 300 mark in 15 of their 16 regular - season games .
Of course , Steelers ' defensive coordinator Dick Lebeau , who should be in the Pro Football Hall of Fame , deserves much of that credit .
But do n't think for one moment that Mike Tomlin 's imprint is not on those defensive accomplishments .
Tomlin came to the Steelers as a highly - successful defensive guru himself .
His contributions added to LeBeau 's genius is what made Pittsburgh 's 2008 defense one of the greatest of all time .
Moreover , Tomlin did not change the Steelers ' base 3 - 4 defense to one that he had been successful with in the past .
He was big enough to continue working with Lebeau 's scheme and add to its success rather than changing to his own .
" I came into a situation where it was n't broken , " asserted Tomlin .
" Dick LeBeau 's reputation and resume speak for themselves .
It would have been foolish for me to fix something that was n't broken .
It would have been ego - driven .
My ego does n't drive me ; seeking victory does . "
The cohesion of a football team is the direct reflection of its head coach .
The 2008 Steelers are the ultimate model of individuals coming together as one .
It is said that truly great people take more than their share of the blame and less than their share of the credit .
Through Tomlin 's leadership , you can hear that mantra ringing from each and every player .
Not only do Steelers ' players not snipe at each other and look to blame , they genuinely love each other and defend each other .
The camaraderie on the 2008 team was as good as it gets .
Stan Savran , popular Pittsburgh media personality , has been around the team for more than 30 years .
Heading into the AFC Championship Game , Savran could feel the unity .
" There 's something very special going on in that locker room , " said Savran .
" You can feel it . "
Steelers ' quarterback Ben Roethlisberger can attest first - hand about Savran 's intuition .
" We have a special group .
We call ourselves ' The Band of Brothers . '
The offense picks the defense up .
The defense picks the offense up .
Special teams picks us all up .
We say that nothing can come between us .
We 're a real close group .
We really feel that way .
We want to go out and play for each other . "
LaMarr Woodley , a young player in just his second year , is experiencing something that he 's never experienced before .
" I never imagined feeling this way about teammates , " revealed Woodley .
" We 're not playing for ourselves .
We 're playing for the team .
There are no individuals in that locker room .
It 's really hard to explain , but it is very real and very special . "
A head football coach , with one major disadvantage , is much like a master chef .
Both take numerous ingredients in varying amounts to prepare a successful recipe .
The disadvantage the coach has is that he has limited control of the ingredients .
Because of the NFL's infrastructure , the cards are dealt equally from the deck .
Thus , every team has its weaknesses and warts .
Fans clamor to get those situations corrected , but it is not that easy and not that quick .
A successful coach needs to somehow blend the weaknesses into the strengths to produce the finish product .
As a result , style points do n't always look pretty in every phase .
Style points , just like the words injuries , weather , luck , officiating and scheduling , are words that simply do not exist in Mike Tomlin 's vocabulary .
Tomlin , unlike his 1984 counterpart , is a man with great emotion .
He controls that emotion and knows how , when and where to channel it .
He may or may not end up with his coveted prize this year , but either way , I can just picture him on stage when the 2009 Super Bowl is in the books .
" I 'll be back . "
A woman arrested at the Cairo airport because her identity card described her as a Christian has been threatened for her faith by the judge in her case , according to a new report .
As WND reported , authorities in Egypt deprived the woman's two children , ages 2 and 4 , of food to try to coerce her to abandon Christianity and return to Islam .
According to the Assyrian International News Agency , a woman identified as Martha Samuel Makkar was arrested Dec. 13 as she , her husband , Fadl Thabet , and two sons were trying to leave Cairo for Russia .
Makkar , formerly known as Zainab Said Abdel - Aziz , was accused of carrying forged government documents , because she identified herself as a Christian .
Islamic law forbids Muslims from abandoning the faith .
TRENDING : Alleged attacker behind carnage at pro-Trump event linked to ' Caravan 4 Justice ' group
Now , according to Compass Direct News , she has been granted bail , and released to rejoin her husband and sons at home pending her forgery trial .
However , the release was not without complications .
Makkar 's lawyer , Nadia Tawfiq , reported that Judge Abdelaa Hashem questioned Makkar closely about her Christian faith during a courtroom hearing .
The decision to grant her bail came Saturday in the hearing before Hashem after Makkar told the judge about her new Christian faith and her abandonment of Islam .
Tawfiq told Compass Direct " the judge then said , ' I want to talk with Martha alone , ' so we all left the
room , and he said to her , ' Nobody changes from Muslim to Christian – you
are a Muslim . '
" And she said , ' No , I am a Christian . '
He
told her , ' If I had a knife now , I would kill you , ' " the lawyer said .
Makkar , 24 , has said she 's been enduring death threats from police and members of her extended family for the five years since she converted .
There is no established legal precedent in Egypt for allowing people to leave Islam .
And national law does n't provide a channel through which to change the religious designation on an identity card .
The Compass report said George Abyad , 67 , and Masood Guirges , 55 ,
employees of the Coptic Orthodox Patriarchate in Alexandria , also were arrested on suspicion they aided Makkar with her papers .
RELATED : Muslim extremists throw acid on bishop
Egypt formally recognizes Islamic Shariah law as the source of justice , and Christians have faced persecution there for generations .
The American Center for Law and Justice has participated in a fight to keep a man who fled Egypt from being deported from the U.S. A recent decision from the 3rd U.S. District Court of Appeals gave Sameh Khouzam the right to challenge Egypt 's " diplomatic assurances " that he would not be tortured on his return to the Middle East nation .
Egypt has been demanding his extradition in a homicide case he alleges is trumped - up .
The case has been highlighted by spokesman Sam Grace of Coptic News .
He praised U.S. District Judge Thomas Vanaskie 's earlier ruling that Khouzam " most assuredly has a right not to be tortured . "
Grace earlier told WND Christians in Egypt are hostages .
" We live in a time that is really as bad if not worse than the time of the martyrs , " he said .
Multitudes of Christians have been attacked , and many killed , yet not one Muslim ever has been convicted in the attacks , he said .
" The why is very simple , because Shariah law says the blood of the Muslim should not be shed for the blood of an unbeliever , " he said .
Grace said since Egypt 's constitution concludes laws derive from the Quran , persecution of Christians is not only allowed but endorsed by the government .
" In the last 10 years , more than 5,000 Christians have been massacred in Egypt , " he told WND .
" Hundreds of businesses and homes first have been looted , then burned and destroyed .
Churches have been burned and destroyed . "
Grace told WND that attacks , lootings and burnings are common in Egypt on Fridays , after the local imam preaches violence against Christians at his mosque .
" The life of a Christian in Egypt is now worth zero .
Every Muslim now knows killing a Christian [ is not prosecuted ] , " he said .
A report from the Coalition for the Defense of Human Rights concluded Coptic Christians in Egypt have been harassed , tortured and killed by Muslims for 1,400 years .
" They have been subjected to all kinds of hate crimes including , the abduction of young Coptic girls , the killing of Coptic women and children and the destruction of their places of worship , " the report said .
Man Sven is a dick .
New Year 's filler tomorrow , regular comic on Friday .
See you then !
BUFFALO , N.Y. --
Turns out the NHL has a bigger bite than Ottawa 's Jarkko Ruutu .
And that was fine with Andrew Peters on Wednesday evening after the Buffalo Sabres enforcer learned the league had suspended Ruutu two games without pay for biting Peters ' gloved hand in a game on Tuesday night .
" Obviously , I 'm happy about it and glad the NHL took notice , " Peters said , still wearing a bandage around his bitten right thumb while attending a roast for his coach Lindy Ruff .
" That 's all I could ask for .
It 's a good result at the end of the day .
It 's a fair penalty . "
To Peters , taking a punch in a hockey game is one thing , but being bitten during a skirmish breaks what 's known as the tough - guy code in the NHL .
" It goes too far for any player .
It does n't matter who you are , it 's not part of hockey , " he said .
" I just hope kids do n't think that 's acceptable .
It 's not acceptable at any level . "
Ruutu was not immediately available for comment as he with the Senators preparing for their game at Boston on Thursday .
He will lose $ 37,707 in pay .
Aside from missing the game against the Bruins , he 'll also miss a home game against the New York Rangers on Saturday .
Ruutu is eligible to return Jan. 13 when the Senators host Carolina .
The NHL acted swiftly after what happened in the first period of Buffalo's 4 - 2 home win .
Peters started the skirmish by shoving the palm of his glove into Ruutu 's face and pushing him into the boards at the Senators ' bench .
Ruutu responded by chomping down on Peters ' glove , catching his teeth on the player 's thumb , which is not padded .
The force of Ruutu 's bite broke the skin and drew blood on the Peters ' right thumb .
As Peters pulled away in pain , his glove was ripped off by Ruutu 's bite .
Peters was penalized for sparking the skirmish .
Ruutu was not penalized .
Following the game , Ruutu denied he bit Peters despite conclusive replays showing he had , and the skirmish becoming an instant YouTube hit and was shown on numerous international sports broadcasts .
Peters was still taken aback by what happened .
" It 's not really the thumb that 's the issue , it 's the incident that took place , " Peters said before the suspension was announced .
" It 's weird to even think that that goes on in hockey .
Even in my role , I would never think of doing something like that . "
Peters shrugged his shoulders when informed of Ruutu 's denial .
" I do n't think if I did something that stupid I 'd really be admitting to it either , " he said .
The injury was minor , and nothing like one of sports ' most infamous bites when boxer Mike Tyson took a chunk of Evander Holyfield 's ear during a bout in 1997 .
Biting is rare in hockey , but it does happen .
Current Bruins star Marc Savard was suspended for one game in 2003 when , playing for Atlanta , he bit Darcy Tucker on the glove in a game against Toronto .
Last January , New Jersey 's Travis Zajac required stitches on his finger after being bitten by Philadelphia defenseman Derian Hatcher .
Hatcher was not disciplined by the league .
Sabres coach Ruff said biting goes back to when he played in the NHL in the 1980s .
" I witnessed a few .
I saw one teammate get bit right on the back , " he said .
Ruff said he nor the team was going to overreact to what happened .
" I find it a little humorous to tell you the truth , " Ruff said .
" It makes it something good to talk about .
Games need a little spice and we get a little spice . "
A while ago I was chatting with a post - doc on his way to an academic career .
He was asking me about research topics wanting my input as he felt I could inform him on what would be research of practical use .
I was n't very helpful , but I did mention that the best way to do this would be to spend some time in industry to get a feel of how software development works in the wild and what problems could do with some research effort .
His answer to this thought was very troubling .
He said he'd be up to do that , but if he spent time in industry that would ruin his chances of getting a job in academia .
Competition for academic jobs is high , and what they look it is your publication history .
A year or two in industry would create a gap in your publication history that would be lethal to your job prospects .
The divide between academia and industry has always been an awkward one for software ( as indeed for other professions ) .
My contacts with academia have been stilted at best .
The academics I respect are , I 'm told , not highly regarded within academia because the things that I count as useful are usually dismissed by the academic community .
A good example of where this came to a head is the patterns community .
Those involved in the patterns world were keen to look at practice to discover , package , and document techniques that had been proved through experience .
But this is in direct opposition to academic standards which consider value to lie in novel things .
My work , for example , is generally dismissed because all I do is write about stuff that is old hat ( at least to some ) .
I think this is a terrible shame , not because I 'm looking for an academic post , but because I think there is huge value in mining effective techniques from the experience of software development .
To me it seems that trying to draw lessons from our experience is a very worthwhile academic activity .
By devaluing it the academic world is ignoring a fruitful avenue to improve the capabilities of our profession .
If my opinion counted , I 'd argue that any academic department worthy of note should include a group of faculty with a long experience of the day - to - day of industrial software development .
They would be valued on how they had reflected on this experience and drew from the lessons to inform their teaching and research .
I 'd like to see a regular rotation of people from the academic to the industrial world , where it 's common to see people spend several years in industry , then academia , then industry again , and so on .
This problem is n't only in software .
A friend of mine had the chief engineer role in one of the most challenging engineering projects in the world .
He fancied a stint in academia , but was only able to get a second - class position reserved for people who were n't considered to be real academics , certainly not something that was tenured or would lead to tenure .
I find it hard to believe that students would n't gain an enormous amount from being taught by people with a long and thoughtful experience in the profession they are entering .
It 's always frustrating to see communication gaps between different groups within the same profession .
I 've become a big fan using Rotation to help open up communication channels , as people are the key to good knowledge transfer .
Being tolerant of academic rotation , indeed encouraging it , could do a great deal to make academia more aware of where industry needs help and industry more aware of where academics can improve practice .
Realize all your fantasies on EnvyCams !
EnvyCams sexy models will make you hard ...
Very hot EnvyCams liveshow sex cam !
There is something about a funny message on a girl ’s t- shirt which does very little to distract us from the pleasures contained within .
Hence , a fairly typical joke is to make light of the fact that we are all looking at her chest instead of her face anyways .
Check out these funny t- shirts ( largely NSFW ) , and the lovely ladies who wear them :
Regular Contemporist readers might remember that back in November we posted about the Yellow Treehouse Restaurant being built on a site north of Auckland , New Zealand …. well , it ’s now complete , and they ’ve sent us photos .
You can read our original post about the Treehouse – here .
The Treehouse was designed by architects Peter Eising and Lucy Gauntlett from Pacific Environments Architects .
Lucy Gauntlett was also the photographer of these photos .
Visit the Pacific Environments Architects website – here .
Visit the website for the Yellow Treehouse Restaurant – here .
Published online 19 December 2008 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news.2008.1326
News
Hundreds of companies falsely registered to receive higher subsidies .
Almost 4,200 photovoltaic installations in Spain are not producing the power they have promised .
Getty
Many of the solar parks that stretch across vast tracts of the Spanish countryside are guilty of fraud , Spain 's National Energy Commission ( CNE ) has found .
In the past two years , Spain 's solar industry has grown by a spectacular 900 % .
The country now has the third largest solar capacity in the world , behind the United States and Germany .
But an ongoing investigation by Spanish authorities has so far unearthed nearly 4,200 photovoltaic installations that were falsely registered as being online by a 30 September deadline in order to receive higher levels of subsidy from power companies .
According to the CNE report , however , none of the questionable installations , which are located in 1,447 or 13.3 % of the country 's solar parks , is actually producing any power .
Spain 's Photovoltaic Industry Association ( ASIF ) has cautioned that not all of the 4,200 suspect installations are necessarily guilty of fraud .
" We can talk about three kinds of installations that have received subsidies , " says ASIF spokesperson Tomás Díaz .
" Those that are ' in the light ' — that is , they 're producing ; those that are ' in the shade ' , which means they are finished but are not connected yet ; and those that are ' in the dark ' , which are n't finished .
The ones that are in the dark are fraudulent , and they should be punished .
But some of the ones in the shade are n't online because the local infrastructure is n't ready for them . "
Firms rushed to register after the Spanish government agreed in July to reduce its ' feed - in ' tariffs for solar panels not operational before 30 September .
Under the scheme , companies failing to register active installations before the deadline would receive € 320 ( $ 460 ) per megawatt - hour of capacity for 25 years compared with the original €450 for companies that did .
The government also made moves to cap the subsidies by declaring that it would only subsidize a total of 500 megawatts of new installations .
Many solar companies — both fraudlulent and legitimate — have also taken advantage of another loophole in the law .
This allows installations to be divided into many smaller units , each of which is eligible for subsidy , explains Francesco d'Avack , an analyst at New Energy Finance in London .
" It made it so incredibly profitable , " he says .
Cashing in
The boom in the solar sector has coincided with the bursting of Spain 's real - estate bubble .
With the state assuring returns of at least 12 % over the next 25 years for solar installations , developers have continued to buy up rural lands , only instead of filling them with cookie - cutter housing , they have laid down rows and rows of photovoltaic panels .
" It 's true that the real - estate sector has entered the solar industry , " says Díaz .
" In some cases , it makes sense — most solar panels are going to go on rooftops , and that means involving construction companies .
But there are also speculators . "
Spain 's real - estate industry has a long history of paying kickbacks to officials who ignore zoning laws or grant preferential treatment .
Already there are signs that some of the same practices have crept into the solar sector .
Earlier this year , six functionaries in the provincial government of Castilla y León resigned after evidence emerged that they had granted installation permits to family members .
" You see a lot of the same practices , " says Luis García , of OpciónDos , a company that specializes in urban photovoltaic installations .
" Anyone can buy a point - of - connection permit and start receiving payments .
It 's a piece of paper , it 's smoke . "
Cleaning up
Among industry analysts , there is concern that the fraudulent installations will effectively use up the government 's 500 - megawatt cap for 2009 .
Although a spokesperson at CNE said that those found guilty of fraud will not be eligible for subsidies on their installations if they come online next year , d'Avack worries that another loophole in the law could unfairly allow these firms to benefit .
ADVERTISEMENT
" There 's a provision in the law that says that if you have the paperwork complete , you 'd have significant priority in the next round , " he says .
" We 're going to see the pipe already clogged with those trying to get in under the old feed - in tariff . "
That prediction seems to have been accurate .
On 17 December , the Industry , Tourism and Commerce ministry announced it would postpone the January award of tariffs to new installations until 1 March .
The reason , according to the ministry , was " the elevated number of applications presented " .
China overtook Germany to become the world 's third largest economy yesterday after revising its figures for output growth .
The Chinese economy has grown tenfold in three decades and grew 13 % rather than 12 % in 2007 , Beijing said , putting it behind only the United States and Japan in terms of gross domestic product .
The revision raised the Chinese gross domestic product to 25.7 trillion yuan , the national statistics bureau said , or $ 3.5tn at 2007 exchange rates .
That would be ahead of Germany 's 2007 GDP of € 2.4tn , or $ 3.3tn .
The fact that China has 1.3 billion people , though , means that GDP per head – a typical measure of individual wealth – remains well behind leading economies .
Germany 's 85 million people were far ahead of China in this category in 2007 at € 28,200 euros per head ( $ 38,800 ) .
China 's per-person figure was 19,800 yuan ( $ 2,800 ) in 2007 , although many Chinese survive on a lot less than that .
The Chinese government says 100 countries in the world enjoy a higher income per head than it does .
China expects to keep on growing in spite of the current economic turmoil .
But economists have slashed 2009 growth forecasts to as low as 6 % .
That would be the highest for any major economy but is worrying for the country 's leaders , who are concerned about public anger over recent job losses .
Nevertheless , economists think it will take only three to four years for China , which recently overtook Britain , to surpass Japan ( $ 4.4tn GDP ) to become the world 's number two economy .
The United States is the world 's biggest economy , at $ 13.8tn in 2007 .
The increase in the occurrences of natural disasters and the high numbers of victims of conflicts are urgent issues that require effective and rapid action .
However , accurate and precise information for ensuring prompt and efficient humanitarian responses are often inaccessible or hard to understand .
To minimize the impact of crises and disasters , we deliver satellite imagery analysis as well as training for capacity development on the use of geospatial information technologies to Governments and relief organizations within and outside the UN system .
The Phantom Lapboard is one of those fabled legends of the gadget world , a keyboard and mouse that you can use comfortably on a couch — in the making since 2004 .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Phantom was kind enough to send us the first final production unit off of the line — preorder shipments should be fulfilled starting Feb 20th .
It 's unfair to judge any product with higher standards only because of funding and manufacturing delays — even if the Phantom Lapboard is the Duke Nukem Forever of the keyboard world .
But despite these delays and issues , there 's still no clone or ripoff to compare it to .
Phantom 's pitch is a wireless , ambidextrous keyboard that can be used via lap for a home theater PC with a full - sized mouse .
The keyboard itself pivots vertically , lifting the keys from the platform on your lap to make room for a mouse , while simultaneously spinning 360 degrees horizontally so that it works for righties and lefties .
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
In use , the lapboard functions as promised .
It synced instantly to both my PS3 and Mac through a 2.4GHz USB dongle ( though , I should mention , I had left mouse button recognition issues on the PS3 ) .
The keyboard locks after a gentle tilt , and you can actually spin it round and round indefinitely ... which can be addictive .
Advertisement
Typing , however , is a bit more problematic than I expected .
It 's certainly possible , and the keys are clicky and responsive .
But the keyboard tilts a bit too much for my taste ( a full 22 degrees ) and I found myself typing with one hand uncomfortably higher than the other .
I wish there were two tilt settings — one that would just fit your mouse hand under it , and one with a little more clearance .
That said , a few hours of hands - on gaming would probably put you more at ease with the design .
Advertisement
To tilt the keyboard back down , you push in on a semi- awkward rubber latch .
Advertisement
The mouse has a subtler style than you 'd expect to see with a hardcore PC peripheral , with a one - piece plastic top creating two buttons with perfect resistance .
( There 's also a clicking scroll wheel . )
It 's rated at some insane DPI — it felt accurate enough — but there 's one downfall to gamers .
The board for the mouse is just too slippery .
At the slightest angle on your lap , the mouse will literally slide off .
I 'm actually tempted to sand the plastic or add new pads to the mouse because this very small ( overlooked ? ) detail makes the lapboard far less pleasant to use .
Advertisement
I find the Phantom Lapboard 's $ 130 asking price a bit steep — but if it cost less than $ 100 it would be a strong recommendation .
Using the mouse can feel a bit like walking on ice and the keyboard tilts a lot , but given that there are few competitors that can offer a full keyboard / mouse that fit comfortably in your lap , I 'm glad to see the still - fresh idea finally come to market .
[ Phantom ]
Apple 's next - generation iMacs are being held up for business reasons and a minor technical obstacle , according to one Wall Street analyst .
" We wanted to give an update on the Mac business from what we are picking up from our latest supply chain checks , " Kaufman Bros.
analyst Shaw
Wu wrote in a report to clients Monday .
" While new the iMac appears to be almost ready for primetime , what is holding it up appears to be business reasons and a potential small technical hurdle . "
Specifically ,
Wu said his sources indicate that external casing changes will likely be modest and that " Apple is in the midst of figuring out whether to power the new iMac with Intel quad - core processors or more high - powered dual - core processors with larger caches . "
Back in November , Taiwanese rumor site DigiTimes claimed Apple was waiting for new quad - core chips from Intel so it could " launch products based on " the new processors , but did not specify in which systems Apple would use the parts .
Â
Intel subsequently rolled outÂ the new processors just last week .
Wu said he was surprised Macworld did n't bring new iMacs and believes Apple may be hesitating on quad - core processors for the iMac on fears that the decision could cut into Mac Pro sales .
" While quad - core would provide a material improvement in performance and potentially jumpstart sales , it could cannibalize the Mac Pro , its high - end tower , whose low - end configuration is currently a quad - core , " he wrote .
" Apple could choose to stick with dual - core on the iMac or make 8 - core the new low - end for Mac Pro . "
Wu 's concern may be misplaced given acting chief executive Tim Cook 's comments during Apple 's fiscal first quarter earnings call last week .
Asked about Apple 's Pro segment , Cook admitted that Mac Pro sales are sluggish given the " current economic climate " , and that Apple 's desktop business is " primarily iMac . "
In addition , Wu said he's also picked up on chatter that the iMac 's vents and cooling systems may see a redesign to deal with higher heat dissipation .
A report from last December noted that the cooling module for the next - gen iMacs would be manufactured jointly by Foxconn and Auras Technology .
Given that the report , which provided no further details , singled out the cooling system , it led to speculation that the new iMacs may employ a different cooling system than current models .
Whether that 's actually the case remains unclear .
In his report to clients Monday , Wu suggested that one final variable delaying the release of new iMacs could be the timing of Snow Leopard .
" While Leopard would take advantage of multiple cores , Snow Leopard takes it to the next level with better support for multi-core , multi-processors , and OpenCL , with enhanced graphics capability , " Wu wrote .
Ricky Gervais is in trouble this week for the fat jokes in his new audiobook , The Ricky Gervais Guide to Medicine , currently the top download on iTunes .
Announcements , Events & more from Tyee and select partners John Horton ’s Paintings Preserve History .
His Seamanship Saves Lives
Meet the fascinating Order of BC winner who also happens to be a Tyee supporter .
Talking about gastric bypasses , liposuction and other weight - related surgical procedures , he said , " I really do n't know why a doctor under a Hippocratic Oath takes the risk of something going badly wrong , sometimes with general anesthetic , because someone can't be bothered to go for a f--- ing run .
" They have bits sliced off and tied up and sucked out .
I want to say to them , ' You lazy f--- ing fat pig .
Just go for a run and stop eating burgers .
You might f--- ing die . '
He added , " In supermarkets , the really fattening stuff should be behind a really thin door .
Shops should be full of salads , but if you want to get to the pies and cakes , you 've got to crawl through a little tube . "
Gervais , who frequently says he 's ashamed of his own weight , and makes jokes about it in his stand up , went on to defend himself on his blog , " I heard someone on the radio once say that they were tired of the prejudice aimed at the overweight .
They said something like ' you 're not allowed to make fun of gay people , so why are you allowed to make fun of fat people ?
It 's the same thing . '
" It 's not the same thing though , is it ?
Gay people are born that way .
They did n't work at becoming gay .
Fat people became fat because they would rather be that way than stop eating so much .
They had to eat and eat to get fat .
Then , when they were fat they had to keep up the eating to stay fat .
For gayness to be the same as fatness , gay people would have to start off straight but then ween themselves onto c --k .
Soon they 're noshing all day getting gayer and gayer .
They 've had more than enough c -- k ... they 're full ... they 're just sucking for the sake of it .
Now they 're overgay , and frowned upon by people who can have the occasional c--k but not over indulge .
" When a doctor tells me that that 's how you become gay , I 'll stop making jokes about fat people . "
Funny but not because it 's true
This week , gyms across North America are the busiest they 'll be all year , and the top stories in the tabloids are about celebrity weight : weight loss " victories " credited with both physical and career resuscitations ( Britney Spears ) , weight gain sagas full of pain and shame ( Oprah ) , and apparently noteworthy detoxifying cleanses ( Gwyneth Paltrow -- based on the cleanse in her weekly newsletter ) .
Plus stories and photos of ordinary people who have " lost half their size ! " and get lots of kudos for doing so .
I 'm glad Gervais has raised the topic of fat ; it 's a white elephant in the cultural politics room .
But though I am a big fan of his , and though he 's right there 's a supersized problem that needs fixing , this time , his funny bone is pointed in the wrong blame direction .
The only reason Gervais gets away with it ( if he gets away with it at all ) is because he 's overweight ( by his own admission ) and his humour is , therefore , self - deprecating .
If he were skinny , it would be a bit , well , mean , would n’t it ?
But the point he 's trying to make , it seems , is that while we 're bombarded with messages encouraging us to consume , we ’re not off the hook when it comes to self - control and personal responsibility .
Not that simple
What 's weighing on me ( sorry ) is that while the tabloids and comics are , in my opinion , one of the best barometers of public opinion and of interest in a topic , the issue is a bit more complex than the simple stories they and others are telling .
Healthy eating is n't always about self - discipline .
It 's not just about pulling yourself together and battling your personal Goliath .
Because it 's not as if everyone has equal access to information about nutrition , nor to bank accounts that can finance organic food and local ingredients instead of a McDonald 's hamburger .
Sure , Britney Spears turned it around and it took grit and hard work -- but she hired a team of people to help her .
It 's great that she works out six hours a day and has had a nutritionist design a 1200 calorie a day , nutritionally complete menu , but most people actually have to show up at the office for most of the day and do n't have dietitians on staff .
And , yes , people can theoretically do it themselves , but it 's not always that simple ( though the message we get from the headlines is always simple ) .
Like most hot button topics , weight is an issue mired deep in class , gender , education , money and politics .
It 's one with medical factors ( hypothyroidism to name but one ) and psychological ones ( eating disorders and depression to name but two ) .
It 's one that 's driven by a multi-billion dollar industry , with high stakes for junk food companies , diet companies and everyone in between .
So , on the one hand , we 're fed ( again , sorry ) a constant stream of messages to eat , eat , eat .
And on the flip side , we 're fed simple morality tales and quick fixes ( liposuction , diet pills , fasting , stomach staples ) that allow us to , well , continue to eat .
Run away from the buffet
So it 's not really surprising that in pop culture right now , when it comes to rise of obesity , the tendencies are to ignore the problem or blame the overweight person sidling up to the all - you - can - eat buffet or getting gastric bypass surgery or liposuction , rather than to grapple with issues like a lack of public health education , poverty , the constant message to consume , and the host of other factors that are the real culprits -- ones that deserve some pointed humor as well as real political action .
But here 's what I 'm wondering : is n't overconsumption of food as much an environmental problem as the overconsumption of fossil fuels or any other resource ?
And is n't it 's time it got the same kind of attention that other kinds of overconsumption get ?
Do n't get me wrong .
We should n’t use someone 's weight to determine their ecological footprint .
In fact , maybe it 's time we looked at the Ironman athlete who consumes 3000 calories a day and then turns around and spends all those calories on bikes plugged in to the wall at the gym , and in heated swimming pools .
Yes , they 're healthier .
And yes of course we need to encourage exercise for a whole variety of reasons .
But it 's double the food and likely double the food miles .
How about targeting some humor at double standards like that for a start ?
Related
Tyee stories :
hs - dotnet is a pragmatic .NET interop layer for Haskell .
It exposes both
. NET classes to Haskell ( via GHC ) and Haskell function values to .NET .
For mutual benefit , one would hope .
Download and Installation
The package is available either as a Windows Installer ( MSI ) or as a source Cabal package :
On Hackage , http://hackage.haskell.org/cgi-bin/hackage-scripts/package/hs-dotnet
Windows installer for ghc - 6.10.1
Windows installer for ghc - 6.10.2
The Windows Installer will give you the option of building the Cabal package from source or simply install it , but if you prefer to handle this yourself simply pick up the Cabal package directly and build + install it yourself .
The package has been tested with GHC - 6.10 .
{1,2} on Windows with versions 2.0 and 3.5 of the .NET Framework .
NOTE : If you install via the MSIs and elect not to have the installer perform the ' install ' step , you will have to do that yourself afterwards .
Simply go into the directory where you installed the package and type runghc Setup install to take care of this .
Examples
The examples / directory in the package contains some Haskell samples of how to access
and use the package .
Here 's how to program LINQ :
-- from examples / LinqQuery.hs
where Query :: IO ()
where Query = do
intQ <- newQueue ( 0:: Int32 )
mapM_ ( flip enqueue intQ ) [ 1..5 ]
let query Pred v = return ( v>=3 )
putStrLn " Performing the query ... "
-- creating the LINQ query , passing it the ( Haskell ) predicate
res <- intQ # whereQ queryPred
putStrLn " .. query done ; predicate not yet invoked .. "
-- let 's force the query by getting out a result list ..
ls <- res # getList
putStrLn ( " Query result : " ++ show ls )
Here 's another one , computing the MD5 hash from a string :
module MD5 where
import NET
import Data .
Word
import Numeric
calcMD5 FromString :: String -> IO String
calcMD5 FromString str = do
md <- invokeStatic " System.Security .
Cryptography .MD5 " " Create " ()
fi <- getFieldStatic " System.Text.Encoding " " ASCII " ()
bs <- fi # invoke " GetBytes " str
vec <- md # invoke " ComputeHash " ( bs :: Vector Word8 )
res <- vec # bytesToString
let resStr = foldr ( showHex ) " " res
return resStr
And getting file input via the File - Select Common Dialog :
module FileDialog where
import NET
selectFile :: IO String
selectFile = do
obj <- new " System.Windows.Forms.FolderBrowserDialog "
( obj :: Object ( ) ) # invoke_ " ShowDialog " ()
obj # get Field " SelectedPath " ()
examples / Forms.hs shows how to build a .NET hosted UI application with a Concurrent
Haskell application running on the Haskell side , which the UI application calls back into .
More information on the API provided is included in the Haddock documentation .
To load up and test these examples , go into the examples / directory and load them up
via ghci , e.g. , ghci Forms.hs
Tools
tools /
hswrap
doc /
Feedback
A tool is provided for generating Haskell module wrappers for .NET classes ; see thedirectory for the simple , easy - to - use tool .
Documentation for it can be found in
The interop layer is evolving ; if you have feedback on what 's there and what you wishwas available , please get in touch - sof at forkio.com
With a faction of compliant , adulatory and skin - deep chroniclers added to the media mix , Obama has found a consistent wing of support , one that can be used to upend the traditional political media apparatus , bringing new storylines to the fore and changing the game of how a president is covered .
Obama 's paparazzi presidency
ABC ’s Jake Tapper predicted this week that Barack Obama will be " the Britney Spears of 2009 . "
Considering that Obama was deemed by some to be the Britney Spears of 2008 , it was n’t much of a leap .
Advertisement
But a funny thing happened on the way to the cover of Us Weekly .
While Obama ’s political opponents were able to use his star power against him during the campaign — remember John McCain ’s “ Celeb ” ad ? — the entertainment press ’s fixation with the president - elect seems to be helping him as he prepares to take office .
With a faction of compliant , adulatory and skin - deep chroniclers added to the media mix , Obama has found a consistent wing of support , one that can be used to upend the traditional political media apparatus , bringing new story lines to the fore and changing the game of how a president is covered .
“ The number of eyeballs that read People magazine are enormous compared to political publications , ” says veteran Democratic strategist Chris Lehane .
“ If you ’re able to communicate through those outlets , you ’re able to reach more people more quickly , without your message being ‘ translated ’ by the historic gatekeepers . ”
The mainstream media caught a glimpse at the future last week in Hawaii , when resourceful paparazzi nabbed beefcake shots of the president - elect on the beach as well as shots of him at a memorial service for his late grandmother .
All this , while the regular photo pool played by the rules and missed the shots .
" The idea that the Washington [ photographers ] agreed not to cover him and the paparazzi did so changes the rules of the Washington press corps , " says media critic Jeff Jarvis , the founding editor of Entertainment Weekly .
“ If one person breaks away from the pack , there is no pack . ”
Or the pack simply follows .
For a day or so , the photos of Obama ’s muscular chest were just enough to divert attention away from more pressing crises facing the nation and that nagging mess involving the Illinois governor .
The Huffington Post posted one of the swimsuit photos at the top of its homepage , accompanied by a simple , fawning headline : “ O ! ” The New York Post similarly slavered : “ FIT FOR OFFICE : Buff Bam is Hawaii Hunk . "
Other media outlets — including Politico — ran stories about the photos .
The fluffy tail was wagging the Washington dog .
“ Does this trivialize the presidency ? ” asks Democratic strategist Peter Fenn .
“ At times , yes .
Why is it important to know the back and forth of what kind of tuna fish sandwich the president - elect ordered ?
On the other hand , does this often humanize a leader ?
The answer to that , of course , is sure it does . ”
Mark McKinnon , former communications strategist to McCain and President George W. Bush , says Obama is enjoying the benefits of being “ a celebritician or a polebrity . ”
" So , he 's getting different treatment and coverage , and his team understands that and is adjusting the dials accordingly , ” McKinnon says .
“ I suspect this is a phenomenon that will continue and is going to drive the mainstream media and Republicans batty . "
“ In the past , ” says Lehane , “ you had to rely on the mainstream media to get your message out .
You ’d pay a price for that , too — you would need to be open to their questions and have exchanges with them — and it meant your message was n’t going out unfiltered .
Now , however , he has the potential — and there ’s a big ‘ P ’ there — to circumvent how the process has traditionally worked . ”
And for the time being , at least , the celebrity press is happy to play along .
Us Weekly editor Janice Min explains that the target audience of her magazine “ correlates to the rabid supporters of Obama : young women — highly educated , high income , some of them with children .
They see that the Obama family basically has a lot of attributes they admire and like and want to learn more about . ”
Arianna Huffington notes that Obama has n’t yet been subjected to the harsh side of tabloid life , à la Spears or Michael Jackson .
Instead , the entertainment magazines have doted on him with the ritual fawning once afforded to movie stars of an earlier era .
" I think that it 's not so much a celebrity angle ; I think it ’s more of a romantic aura around the Obamas , a kind of Camelot angle , ” Huffington says .
Lehane says the attention lavished on Obama may actually make him a better president .
“ You can make the argument that , by being considered an entertainment figure , Obama will at least have his finger on the pulse of what ’s going on in our culture , ” he says .
“ It ’s a potentially helpful thing that will help him avoid being tremendously isolated . ”
Even the man behind McCain ’s anti-Obama “ Celeb ” spot , ad guru Fred Davis , acknowledges that the president - elect can now harness the power of his fame — and that he ’s entitled to do so .
" He is the new president of the United States , " Davis says .
" He did raise about a billion dollars , he did revolutionize politics with African - Americans and the young , and he did win by a healthy margin in the electoral vote .
Guess I think he 's earned some degree of celebrity . "
Greece was inhabited from the prehistoric times .
Its history is more than 3,000 years old , beginning with the Bronze Age and the development in this period of the Minoan , Mycenaean and Cycladic civilisation , followed by the Classic Era of Greece , the Hellenistic period , the Roman period , the Byzantine era , the Middle Ages and the occupation by the Crusades , the Venetians and the Turks and finally the modern times since the Greek war of independence in 1821 .
Modern Greece is a European country and member of the European Union .
Greece is one of the most beloved holiday destination for many millions of tourists that travel to Greece every year .
The mountains , the islands and the cities of Greece have everything to offer to the visitor , history , mythology , interesting places and sights to visit , wild nature , rivers and lakes with unique habitats .
The aim of this site is to give general tourist and travel information for everyone that wants to visit Greece and know better the Greek History , Mythology and everyday life of modern Greece .
Introduction
Greece located at the SE end of Europe , where three continents meet : Europe , Asia and Africa .
Its area is small , but its spiritual radiation is very large .
This is where the ancient culture of antiquity developed .
Geographically , it belongs to the family of 33 European countries , in which it ranks 13th in area .
Globally , its area corresponds to less than 1/1000 of the total land area .
The state of the country is a Presidential Republic .
Athens is the capital .
The Greek space has undergone many changes in the course of history .
Its natural map has also undergone alterations and its physiognomy has changed in many places .
Greece has a very rich history and is one of the few countries whose history is known in every detail .
She has lived since the Neolithic era and has fought many times to keep or gain her freedom .
The name “ Greece ” is derived from the Latin “ Graecia ” given by the Romans after the hellenistic Era from a smaller Greek nation that inhabited western Greece , the Graecians .
So Italian and Spanish are calling Hellas as Grecia , the English Greece , Germans Griechenland , while most of middle east countries are calling Greece as Yunanistan , that derives from the name of Ionia ( from the Ancient Greek nation of the Ionians who first inhabited the modern Asia Minor .
Greece has a rich historical heritage , which is reflected in the 18 UNESCO World Heritage Sites located in its territory .
Throughout its history it has interacted culturally mainly with peoples of the Middle East and Europe .
The ancient Greeks are the cornerstone of world culture since democracy and philosophy , the Olympic Games , drama , tragedy and comedy were born in ancient Greece .
From the 8th century BC , the Greeks were organized into independent city - states , known as cities , which covered the entire Mediterranean region and the Black Sea .
Philip II of Macedonia united most of the Greek mainland in the 4th century BC , with his son Alexander III quickly conquering much of the ancient world , spreading Greek culture and science from the eastern Mediterranean to India .
Greece was annexed by Rome in the 2nd century BC , making it an integral part of the Roman Empire and its successor , the Byzantine Empire , where the Greek language and culture dominated .
The Christianization of its inhabitants began as early as the 1st and ended in the 6th century AD .
The Greek Orthodox Church helped to shape the modern Greek identity and to transmit the Greek traditions to the wider Orthodox world .
After 1204 , Latin possessions were created on islands and coastal areas of Greece .
In the middle of the 15th century , the Ottoman Turks conquered almost the entire area , which remained under Ottoman rule for about four centuries .
1821
After the emergence of the Greek national movement , in 1821 a Greek revolution broke out against the Ottoman Empire with the aim of establishing an independent state , which was recognized in 1830 .
In the next century the Kingdom of Greece expanded territorially , mainly with the Balkan Wars , until failure .
The Asia Minor campaign in 1922 .
In the following decades Greece pursued a turbulent political life and followed a long period of authoritarian rule , [ 7 ] during which a royal dictatorship was imposed , the country was under military occupation during World War II , and experienced civil war .
a seven - year military dictatorship .
From 1974 until today , the state has been the presiding parliamentary democracy .
Greece became a member of the European Union ( then the European Communities ) in 1981 and the Eurozone in 2001 .
It has been a member of NATO since 1952 and a founding member of the UN since 1945 , the OECD , the WTO , the OSCE and the International Organisation of La Francophonie .
The unique cultural heritage of Greece , the large tourism industry , the prominent shipping sector and its geostrategic importance classify it as a middle power .
It is the largest economy in the Balkans and a major investor in the region .
It is considered a developed country with a high per capita income and a very high rate of human development .
It was ranked as the 29th best country in terms of quality of life in the world for 2015
Location
The geographic location between the continents of Europe Asia and Africa was a reason that made the Greeks to travel and make colonies in many areas in the Mediterranean and along the coasts of the Black Sea , exchanging ideas and knowledge with other ancient nations like the Egyptians the Phoenicians the Persians and nations around the Mediterranean .
Many of the Ancient Greek myths has to do with the Greek colonisation and the exploration of foreign places by the Ancient Greeks like the journey of Jason and the Argonauts , the Trojan war and the journey of Odysseus .
Greece is part and of the Balkan Peninsula .
It belongs to the Northern Hemisphere , between the 34th and 41st parallel .
Its northernmost point is the village of Ormenio of Northern Evros , the southernmost is the island of Gavdos , the easternmost is the island of Stroggili and the westernmost is the island of Othonoi .
It borders NW with Albania , NW with North Macedonia and Bulgaria , North East with Turkey , to the East is washed by the Aegean Sea , to the north by the Mediterranean Sea and to the west by the Ionian Sea .
Climate
The climate of Greece presents all the characteristics of the Mediterranean climate .
It has a limited rainy season , a lot of summer drought , a lot of sunshine and a mild winter .
From a climatic point of view , time can be divided into two main periods : the cold , which lasts from October to March , and the warm , which lasts from April to September .
In Greece , one can distinguish four climatic regions : 1 ) the mountainous , 2 ) northern Greece , 3 ) the Ionian and 4 ) the Aegean .
Characteristic features of the climate of the mountainous region are the low temperatures , the long period of snowfall , the great cloud cover and the strong winds .
The winter in the mountainous country is severe and the summer is cool .
Characteristic features of northern Greece are the limited summer drought and the uniform distribution in the rainy season .
The winter here is harsh and the summer rainy .
The characteristics of the Ionian are the mild winter , the abundant rains , the small cloud cover and the great sunshine .
It is the sunniest region in the country with a temperate pleasant climate .
In the area of ​ ​Agaios , the characteristics of the climate are the high intensity and frequency of the winds , the great sunshine and the humidity .
People
In recent years , when Greek society has become urbanised , Greeks have changed their way of life .
The majority of the Greek population tends to look like the middle class of the industrialised countries .
But the Mediterranean temperament and national heritage are deterrents to the formation of the “ industrial ” Greek .
Morals and customs and religious beliefs make Greeks stand out from the rest of Europe .
Here they meet the old with the new , the marriage of the modern way of life with the traditional Greek thought .
The Ancient Greeks and Politics Politics for the ancient Greeks was a new way of thinking , a way of relating to one ’s fellow human beings .
Citizens differed in wealth , beauty or intelligence , but as citizens they were equal .
This was because the ancient Greeks regarded themselves as rational beings and the only suitable relationship between rational beings is that of persuasion .
Persuasion differs from commandment because it presupposes equality between the one who speaks and the one who listens .
Plato offers us a famous example of this type of political life in the dialogue of Cretan .
Socrates , having been sentenced to death for youth corruption , refused to flee Athens , arguing that his departure would be logically inconsistent with his devotion to the city ’s values , a feeling that reflected the way he had lived his entire life .
Zoe .
Even the manner in which he was killed reflected the basic belief that violence among citizens was not appropriate : he was given to drink hemp .
The ancient Greeks voluntarily obeyed the law of the city and were proud of it .
The worst fate for someone was exile , a form of political death sometimes imposed by the expulsion of Athenian politicians whose power was considered to threaten the regime .
To the Ancient Greeks we owe the foundation of the theoretical preconditions of freedom : a life between equal citizens , subject to the law with alternation of rulers and ruled .
The ancient Greeks were the first people historically to create societies of this type and also the first to create a theoretical production that studied them .
ASUS Launches New Range Of GeForce GTX 295 & GTX 285 Graphics Cards
ASUS , world - leading producer of top quality graphic solutions , has today introduced the world ’s fastest dual and single GPU graphics cards incorporating the latest generation of NVIDIA GPUs — the GeForce ™ GTX 295 and GeForce ™ GTX 285 chipsets ; with the ASUS ENGTX295 , ENGTX285 ULTIMATE , and ENGTX285 TOP graphics cards .
With an outstanding 3DMark Vantage Extreme Preset score of 9126 , the ENGTX295 leads the pack as the world ’s fastest graphics card ; while the ASUS ENGTX285 ULTIMATE and ENGTX285 TOP deliver 10 % and 5 % improvements respectively in gaming experiences when compared to reference designed boards .
Furthermore , in order to show that ASUS cares for all gamers , both the ASUS ENGTX295 and ENGTX285 Series graphics cards will come bundled with a special coupon to obtain up to $ 25 or 10 % off on a total of 5 games or CUDA ™ applications at the NZONE webpage .
Up to 10 % Performance Upgrades
The ENGTX285 ULTIMATE and ENGTX285 TOP ’s core , shader , and memory clock performances are boosted from 648MHz up to 712MHz and 670MHz , from 1476MHz up to 1620MHz and 1550MHz , and from 2484MHz up to 2760MHz and 2600 MHz respectively .
This generates an astounding 10 % improvement in terms of GPU performance for the ENGTX285 ULTIMATE when compared to any other reference designed board .
Such extraordinary performance upgrades help to elevate the ENGTX285 ULTIMATE and ENGTX285 TOP ’s 3DMark Vantage Extreme Preset score from 6003 to 6607 and 6298 — an astonishing 10 % and 5 % improvement in speed when compared to any other reference designed board .
With such overwhelming performance boosts , get ready to feel the adrenaline rush of gaming like never before — only with the ASUS ENGTX285 ULTIMATE and ENGTX285 TOP !
Exclusive ASUS GamerOSD for Versatile Graphics Usage
The ASUS ENGTX295 and ENGTX285 Series also come equipped with the exclusive ASUS GamerOSD that unleashes the true power of ASUS ’ VGA cards .
This handy feature delivers GPU overclocking from onscreen displays during gameplay — allowing users real - time performance upgrades whenever required .
In addition , GamerOSD can also provide users with the option to record live gaming action or broadcast live over the Internet with ease .
SmartDoctor for the Most Powerful Overclockability
ASUS garners yet another world ’s first with the ASUS SmartDoctor — an overclocking utility capable of tweaking the Shader Clock on GPUs .
With this application , users will be able to overclock the Shader Clock and Engine Clock independently for astonishing performance boosts , without the hassle of rebooting or re-flashing their BIOS .
Value - added Coupon Offer to All Gamers in Holiday Season
To further provide users with added gaming value , the ASUS ENGTX295 and ENGTX285 Series graphics cards will now come with a limited edition coupon .
This coupon will allow them to obtain up to $ 25 in value or 10 % off on up to 5 games or CUDA ™ applications at the NZONE webpage .
With over 200 game titles like Fallout 3 , Far Cry 2 and Call of Duty : World at War , users will be spoiled for choice for the hottest and latest games .
The latest CUDA applications like Badaboom are also offered on the site for users interested in unlocking the true power of their graphic card ’s GPU cores to help accelerate the most demanding graphical tasks .
Speak Visual with Graphics Plus
The ASUS ENGTX295 and ENGTX285 Series graphics cards are also outfitted with CUDA ™ technology — which not only provides world - class gaming experiences , but also offers the brand new Graphics Plus™ pack enhancements .
Users can experience jaw - dropping PhysX™ gaming effects , Stereoscopic 3D , and lightning fast video and image processing all accelerated by the GPU .
Regardless of whether users are experiencing new worlds of realistic physical motion and massively destructible environments , strapping on their GeForce 3D Vision™ glasses to game in true Stereoscopic 3D , transcoding HD videos in minutes to their portable video players , or rapidly editing digital images using Adobe CS4 , the ASUS ENGTX295 and ENGTX285 Series graphics cards can do it all with mind - blowing performances .
Now , let 's take a look at their specifications !
Support Tech ARP !
If you like our work , you can help support out work by visiting our sponsors , participate in the Tech ARP Forums , or even donate to our fund .
Any help you can render is greatly appreciated !
Former top narcotics officer , Barry Cooper tired of the corruption in his department , quit his position in the drug enforcement arm of the police .
He later created videos how to avoid getting arrested by the police , where to hide marijuana from prying eyes , and how to conduct yourself during a traffic stop .
Of course , corrupt law enforcement , marches on , they just can't seem to help themselves as excessive power goes hand in hand with illegal behavior .
Cooper ratcheted it up a notch and formed www.kopbusters.com, a television reality show that entices crooked cops with various sting operations into breaking the law .
Their first episode featured a fake “ grow house ” complete with lighting , ventilation and giving all the appearances of an illegal marijuana growing operation .
What was actually being grown there was two Christmas trees .
With cameras to film it all and an illegally obtained warrant to search the grow house in the first place , the police raiding party ended up with egg on their faces .
“ Good ” cops should absolutely adore the concept of Kopbusters and should help Barry Cooper , not fear his actions .
Would they dare deny that crooked officers even exist ?
They always say that “ if you 've got nothing to hide … ” then it would only be fair for citizens to film them in action as they should as police have even less to hide .
Those that want to make a positive change to their operations , claim that they are afraid of the wrath of their higher ups that rise through the ranks as scum does to the top of a pond .
Police should do what they can to expose and eliminate those criminals , that are covering up for other criminals , in the name of removing criminals from the streets .
The badge is not a license to outright ignore the law or twist it for a person 's own ends .
With Liberty ,
Dan Steward
Psychologists doubt the results would apply to badly behaved children today People who behaved badly at school are more likely to suffer mental health and social difficulties as adults , a 40 - year - study of Britons suggests .
Canadian researchers writing in the British Medical Journal examined data from 3,500 people from the age of 13 until they reached their 40s or 50s .
Those who had school behaviour problems were more likely to be depressed , divorced or have financial problems .
But a psychologist questioned whether the same would apply in other eras .
I 'd like to think that things are much different today , and that today 's children would not have these problems later in life
Linda Blair
Clinical psychologist
In the late 1950s and the start of the 1960s , teachers across Britain were asked to rate the behaviour of a nationally representative sample of children , all of them born in 1946 , as they entered their early teenage years .
A quarter of the children were described by the teachers as having some sort of mild or more severe behavioural problem .
The participants were then reinterviewed between the ages of 36 and 53 , asked about their mental health , and social and economic status .
Those who had been described as having behavioural problems by their teachers decades earlier were more likely to have left school with no qualifications , and to suffer a number of problems in adulthood .
These included depression and anxiety , failed relationships , teenage pregnancy , and financial difficulties .
Even when the results were adjusted to take account of other factors , such as sex , the social class of parents , depression in adolescence and IQ , the link to behaviour held true .
Discipline change
The researchers , from the University of Alberta , wrote : " Given the long - term costs to society , and the distressing impact on the adolescents themselves , our results might have considerable implications for public health policy . "
However , Linda Blair , a clinical psychologist who works with families , said that she believed that in general the children born in the 1940s faced a completely different school and home environment to those born today .
Harsh criticisms and discipline for bad behaviour would have contributed to a " vicious cycle " of low self - confidence and poor achievement , she said .
She said : " You can't imagine anyone back then asking a child how they felt about something .
" I 'd like to think that things are much different today , and that today 's children would not have these problems later in life .
" The key thing is how you respond to behavioural problems in schools - hopefully we now handle them in a way that will increase self - esteem , not reduce it . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Only one in four approve of the Republicans , their worst rating since 1999
PRINCETON , NJ -- Just one in four Americans approve of the job the Republicans in Congress are doing , an approval rating just below that given to President Bush .
Americans are somewhat more charitable in their ratings of the Democrats in Congress .
The 25 % approval rating for the Republicans in Congress establishes a new Gallup Poll low , surpassing the 26 % measured about this time last year .
Gallup first began asking about approval of the Congressional parties in 1999 .
Congressional Democrats ' approval rating is also low from an historical perspective , but does represent a significant improvement from 30 % measured a year ago , their lowest rating to date .
Congress ' overall approval rating -- asked without reference to either party and measured in a Dec. 4 - 7 Gallup Poll -- is just 20 % .
Typically , both Congressional parties receive higher approval ratings than the institution overall .
Asking about the individual parties appears to cause respondents to answer in more partisan terms .
In general , ratings of Congress overall do not vary much by party affiliation , but the approval ratings of the parties in Congress show large differences when looking at party affiliation .
Bush Job Approval Slump Continues
Bush 's 29 % job approval rating in the Dec. 12-14 USA
Today / Gallup poll matches his average since Election Day .
It remains slightly above the 25 % rating he had in the final pre-election poll .
However , it continues Bush 's 27 - month streak of approval ratings below 40 % -- his last approval rating above that mark came in September 2006 .
Bush has now matched Harry Truman 's string of sub - 40 % approval ratings which began in late October 1950 and continued through the end of his presidency .
Bush will surpass Truman 's record if his approval ratings remain below 40 % for his last month in office .
In his second term in office to date , Bush has averaged 36.5 % approval .
That is the same as Truman 's second - term average .
However , Richard Nixon has the distinction for the lowest term average of 34.4 % from the beginning of his second term to his resignation amidst the Watergate scandal .
Bolstered by very high ratings following the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks , Bush averaged 62 % job approval his first term in office , one of the better term averages for a president .
The overall unpopularity of the current government incumbents stands in contrast to the high ratings given to president - elect Barack Obama .
The Dec. 12 - 14 poll finds 75 % approving of the way he is handling his presidential transition .
Certainly , the decisions made during a presidential transition are not likely to be as controversial as those made while governing , and all president - elects and new presidents enjoy a bit of a " honeymoon period " with positive ratings .
Indeed , both Bush and Bill Clinton received very high scores for the way they handled their transitions .
Even so , Obama has been rated significantly more positively than both Bush ( who averaged 63 % approval ) and Clinton ( 66 % ) during their transitions .
Survey Methods
Results are based on telephone interviews with 1,008 national adults , aged 18 and older , conducted Dec. 12 - 14 , 2008 .
For results based on the total sample of national adults , one can say with 95 % confidence that the maximum margin of sampling error is ±3 percentage points .
Interviews are conducted with respondents on land - line telephones ( for respondents with a land - line telephone ) and cellular phones ( for respondents who are cell - phone only ) .
In addition to sampling error , question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error or bias into the findings of public opinion polls .
BBC
December 24 , 2008
From August next year , the Brazilian government will be equipping every new and imported car with an anti-theft and tracking system .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
A car is stolen every 12 minutes in Rio de Janeiro and every three minutes in Sao Paulo .
Digital Planet ’s reporter Helen Clegg visited Rio de Janeiro to find out how this tracking device will work in practice .
It is mainly criminals and drugs traffickers who are behind the car thefts in Rio .
They manage to steal around five cars an hour in thefts that are often accompanied by violent assault .
Pablo Schargrotsky had his car stolen from one of the supposedly safest and wealthiest areas of the city .
“ It was in Leblon , a very rich place .
I was working there and it was n’t very late , seven PM , ” he said .
Read article
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
This is a list of some of the best freeware that is available out there for 3D .
Many of them are open source , and other are freeware applications .
They provide a way to start familiarizing with 3D with no cost , and some are really valuable tools for 3D and virtual worlds .
STOLEN POST .
ILLEGAL COPY DETECTED .
news.hiperia3d.com
3D Modelers
3D Canvas : Modeler for the POV raytracer .
Design your POV scenes in a visual way .
STOLEN POST .
ILLEGAL COPY DETECTED .
news.hiperia3d.com
JPatch : This is a 3D modeler for POV or Renderman .
Sculptypaint : Create sculps for Second Life , that after all are . dxf files , and can also be used in other apps , like Blender , Wings3D , and Google Sketchup .
Moray : One of the most popular 3D modelers for POV .
Wings3D : Wings3D is another very popular 3D modeler that exports to many formats ( 3DS and VRML amongst others ) and can apply textures and materials .
ShapeOnYou : A very interesting concept of 3D modeler .
You can model something and insert a 2D view in a document .
If you change your 3D model , the 2D image in all the docs that had it , also change .
CBModelPro : Organic modeling program , used to build humanoids , animals , or anything that has rounded muscles and shapes .
The beta version is free and has sketch based modeling and blobs .
Anim8 or : Anim8 or is a good 3D modeler and animator with many tools for these purposes .
Has a big community of users .
gCAD3D : Free CAD software for architecture and industrial design .
Blender : Blender is one of the most popular 3D modeler .
Its interface is not as intuitive as others but it's an extremely powerful tool that is used on cinema productions .
If you need a book to make its use easier , read this .
Misfit Model 3D : This is a modeler for Milkshape 3D , Quake , and OBJ .
Can import 3DS and Lightwave .
Art of Illusion : We covered Art Of Illusion in an article .
It 's by far one of the most intuitive and powerful modelers for 3D .
STOLEN POST .
ILLEGAL COPY DETECTED .
news.hiperia3d.com
Posing Tools
DAZStudio : Free posing and animation tool for Poser figures and others made by DAZ , that can be used to compose scenes and render them .
STOLEN POST .
ILLEGAL COPY DETECTED .
news.hiperia3d.com
Render Tools
MakeHuman :
This project consist in something similar to Poser but free .
You have a human figure that you can handle , and exports to obj and COLLADA .
Terragen : I own a copy of this great software for natural landscapes , that is really worth buying for professional use .
Anyway , for personal use , it is free .
An excellent way to render awesome natural landscapes .
MegaPOV : MegaPOV is an improved version of POV , that adds more realism and some rendering improvements and tools to that popular and accurate raytracer .
Photo by Smws
YafRay : Free raytracer that can be integrate with Blender and get photorealistic images .
Photo by Eric Terrier .
PoseRay : Import 3DS or VRML and export to POV , and do other interesting things for POV - ray .
STOLEN POST .
ILLEGAL COPY DETECTED .
news.hiperia3d.com
Texture Tools
UVMap per :
Apply textures to 3D shapes with the UV Mapping technique in an easy way using this free program .
Hugin : Make panoramas from photos .
These panoramas can be used in virtual worlds as a background .
STOLEN POST .
ILLEGAL COPY DETECTED .
news.hiperia3d.com
Other Tools
FreeWRL : You can have VRML and X3D in your Macintosh using this free viewer .
WhiteDune :
We covered this tool for X3D and VRML here in this article .
3D Box Shot Maker : Useful tool to make graphics of the box of your latest software or product for free .
STOLEN POST .
ILLEGAL COPY DETECTED .
news.hiperia3d.com
Room3d Desktop : Although there are other 3D desktop applications , this is somewhat immersive and fun to use .
With a key stroke , you can toggle it .
Dryad :
This application generates 3D trees for virtual worlds .
- Jordi R. Cardona-
© 2008 by Jordi R. Cardona .
Link to this post without copying the text .
get updates of Hiperia3D News for FREE
Merlin Mann - " Toward Patterns for Creativity " - Macworld PULSE
Here 's a video of my presentation , " Toward Patterns for Creativity , " from earlier this month at Macworld , here in SF .
My slides were kind of a mess thanks to a bonehead technical problem on my part , but you can follow along fine below .
As I said , I 'm very interested in seeing where a topic like this could go .
Because I truly believe it's an idea that could help push a lot of people to the next level .
Related : if you 're interested in where my head was as I prepped for this , be sure and catch the previous post , The Problem with “ Feeling Creative ” .
Also , if you have n't done so already , do yourself a favor , and pick up the book I highlight in this talk : The Creative Habit by Twyla Tharpe .
Addendum : 2009-01-28 06:42:03
It should not go without mentioning five ( 5 ) John Gruber - related things :
Seriously .
I really did like John 's talk , and I think he 's totally onto something with the Auteur thing .
( cf. )
John very kindly let me borrow his laptop after my learning that my own was un - dongle - able .
The slide problem stemmed from my preparing the presentation on a newer version of Keynote than John had installed .
I 'm pretty sure John did have Helvetica Neue installed .
Because he 's a giant type nerd .
John invented Markdown .
In which I write everything .
Including this .
Which is just to say that John is a friend as well as my favorite person in the Apple universe .
So , upon watching this a second time , I realize I 'd hate to leave you with the impression that I feel anything other than embarrassingly abundant aloha for him .
Thanks , John .
[ video via : Macworld Pulse : Merlin Mann | Macworld ]
Summary
The invention suggests employing a super tall chimney to facilitate heat exchange in the atmosphere as a remedy to Global Warming .
Calculations show that if we can construct a chimney 5 kilometers ( 3 mile ) tall and 20 meters in diameter out of flexible fabric material .
Such Chimney will be sturdy enough to stand upright and withstand side winds .
We will need as many 25,000 of such chimneys to stop global warming .
25,000 chimneys will offset Global Warming .
Each chimney will produce electricity
Each chimney will induce rain generation in surrounding areas
Each chimney will transform desert into arable land capable of trapping .
CO2
See how it works :
Prototype in Action :
Size v. Results : Height m 2000 3000 4000 5000 5000 5000 Diameter m 500 500 700 1000 10 20 Air Temperature at the base °C 30 30 30 30 30 30 Air Temperature at the upper end °C 10 0 - 10 - 20 - 20 - 20 Air Speed m/s 52.7 80.4 109.2 139 139 or 500 km / h or 300 mph 139 or 500 km / h or 300 mph Air Flow kg /s 12,034,838 18,379,911 48,938,418 127,292,000 12,729 50,916 Producing electric power Mega Watt 4447 15790 77542 327,786 32.8 131.1 amount of water condensate / precipitation kg per second 0 73,520 327,887 929,231 93 371 CO2 uptake by irrigated desert tons 0 147835 946,146 1,478,354 148 592 number of super - chimneys needed to cool the atmosphere 224 99 27 10 100,000 25,000
The goal of this website is to explain the idea of utilizing super - chimney technology as a unique way to avert global warming catastrophe at the same time as generating clean energy and irrigation .
After looking through the information on this site you will understand how this technology works , and -- in fact -- how simple it is !
I suspect you might have questions , concerns , or criticism .
In this regard , I urge you not to hesitate to contact me at mike@superchimney.org .
I promise to do my best in replying to you in a timely fashion with more detailed explanations and discussion .
Sincerely , Michael Pesochinsky
Vadim wrote some time ago about how to find unused indexes with single query .
I was working on the system today and found hundreds of unused indexes on dozens of tables so just dropping indexes manually did not look fun .
So I extended Vadim ’s query to generate ALTER TABLE statements automatically .
I also made it to look only at tables which were accessed :
mysql > select concat ( ' alter table ', d.table_schema , '.' , d.table_name , ' drop index ' , group_concat ( index_name separator ' , drop index ' ) , ' ; ') stmt from ( SELECT DISTINCT s.TABLE_SCHEMA , s.TABLE_NAME , s.INDEX_NAME FROM information_schema.statistics s LEFT JOIN information_schema.index_statistics iz ON ( s.TABLE_SCHEMA = iz .
TABLE_SCHEMA AND s.TABLE_NAME=iz.TABLE_NAME
AND s.INDEX_NAME=iz.INDEX_NAME )
WHERE iz .
TABLE_SCHEMA IS NULL AND s.NON_UNIQUE=1 AND s.INDEX_NAME !=' PRIMARY ' and ( select rows_read+rows_changed from information_schema.table_statistics ts where ts.table_schema=s.table_schema and ts.table_name=s.table_name ) >0 ) d group by table_schema , table_name ; +-----------------------------------------------------------+ | stmt |
+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| alter table board .
country_language drop index country_id ; | +-----------------------------------------------------------+
1 row in set ( 0.99 sec ) 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 mysql > select concat ( ' alter table ' , d .table_schema , '.' , d .table_name , ' drop index ' , group_concat ( index_name separator ' , drop index ' ) , ' ;' ) stmt from ( SELECT DISTINCT s .
TABLE_SCHEMA , s .TABLE_NAME , s .INDEX_NAME FROM information_schema .statistics s LEFT JOIN information_schema .index_statistics iz ON ( s .TABLE_SCHEMA = iz .
TABLE_SCHEMA AND s .
TABLE_NAME = iz .
TABLE_NAME AND s .INDEX_NAME = iz .INDEX_NAME ) WHERE iz .
TABLE_SCHEMA IS NULL AND s .
NON_UNIQUE = 1 AND s .INDEX_NAME != ' PRIMARY ' and ( select rows_read + rows_changed from information_schema .table_statistics ts where ts .table_schema = s .table_schema and ts .table_name = s .table_name ) > 0 ) d group by table_schema , table_name ; + -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - + | stmt | + -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - + | alter table board .
country_language drop index country_id ; | + -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - + 1 row in set ( 0.99 sec )
I however would warn against using it blindly in production .
It is possible some indexes were not used since startup but are still used … for example if you ’re having monthly billing or something like it .
However it is very helpful for testing allowing to drop all potentially not needed indexes so you can perform proper QA and ensure you really did not drop anything you needed .
In such case it would make sense to run this query in production but then do changes in test envinronment first .
Note this query requres MySQL with Percona Extensions and user statistics running .
Last week , President - elect Barack Obama 's call for a delay in the Digital TV transition , long scheduled for February , sent tech and telecom firms into a tizzy .
Both Verizon and the Consumer Electronics Association have been pushing back hard against any postponement of the move from analog to digital broadcasting , while AT&T has joined the Consumers Union and several prominent Democratic legislators in supporting the call to give the troubled transition more time .
Among those with a vested interest in the debate over a DTV delay is Clearwire , which has been racing to deploy its 4G WiMAX networks ahead of competitors wedded to the LTE standard .
And Ars has learned that Clearwire Executive Vice President R. Gerard Salemme has quietly joined the Obama transition team as a key advisor on DTV issues .
The main rationale advanced for pushing back the drop - dead date for analog broadcast is that the coupon program established to subsidize digital converter boxes for those who rely on over - the - air analog signals has run out of money .
Households seeking the $ 40 vouchers are now being placed on a burgeoning waiting list , and consumer advocates fear that without a delay , millions of older analog sets will go dark in February .
Opponents of a delay have argued that changing the date would be " disruptive , " upsetting longstanding plans and signaling that companies and consumers need not heed government deadlines .
A wireless battleground : LTE vs. WiMAX
But the transition will also free up huge swaths of spectrum in the 700MHz band currently in use by analog broadcasters , which the Federal Communications Commission auctioned off last year .
As FCC commissioner Robert McDowell noted on a panel at the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas this weekend , " there are companies paying hundreds of billion of dollars to use this spectrum , and they expect the goods to be delivered . "
One of those companies is Verizon , which ponied up nearly $ 9.4 billion for spectrum it plans to use for its 4G Long - Term Evolution wireless broadband network .
In a letter to top members of the House and Senate commerce committees Monday , Verizon CEO Ivan Seidenberg urged members of Congress to resist any delay of the transition , warning that it could impede the company 's plans .
" Verizon Wireless intends to begin field testing and deployment of LTE this year , " wrote Seidenberg .
" Deployment of LTE , however , can only be done if we have access to the 700MHz frequencies .
Delaying the DTV transition will delay our ability to upgrade those frequencies to 4G broadband for American consumers and have a negative impact on our nation 's international competitiveness . "
That viewpoint has put Verizon at odds with AT&T , which has signaled its support for a delay in order to ensure a smooth transition — and , coincidentally , is not planning to use its own winnings from the 700 Mhz block for LTE .
It 's not clear whether Verizon would really be able to make good on its plans to begin deploying its LTE network by the end of 2009 .
Most analysts believe that a relatively short postponement , on the order of three months , would have little effect on 4G deployment — provided it did not set the stage for further delays , as Verizon clearly fears it might .
Such a delay might also avoid a spate of homeowners sliding off icy rooftops as they struggle to install new antennas .
But a longer , more disruptive delay might provide some breathing room for Verizon competitor Clearwire .
That company is seeking to build market share for its own WiMAX network , a joint venture with Sprint , before LTE is ready for prime time .
Clearwire has boasted that it remains years ahead of the competition , but while WiMAX networks in Portland and Baltimore are already up and running , scheduled expansions to other cities have been delayed until late 2009 , even as Verizon has bumped up its own schedule .
The company 's stock has now been in free - fall for months , and several major backers recently announced they would take major write - downs on their investments in Clearwire .
( The roster of large investors in Clearwire includes Obama - ally Google . )
A toxic negative feedback loop in investor confidence could leave it unable to finance its promised buildouts for 2009 .
With any transition delay certain to push the spectrum handover into the next quarter of the fiscal year , if not further , the attendant uncertainty could also factor into investment decisions as Wall Street — and equipment makers — decide which standard to back .
A conflict of interest ?
Enter Gerry Salemme .
A telecom industry veteran ; former lobbyist ; and Clearwire executive vice president for strategy , policy , and external affairs , Salemme has also been a generous Obama supporter .
Early in the primary season , Salemme gave the maximum $ 2,300 to Obama for America , and then in August threw in another $ 10,000 to the Obama Victory Fund , a joint fundraising committee that accepts large contributions and carves them up between the party and candidate .
( An apparent typo in the OVF 's FEC filing credits this donation to " R. Gerard Salemine . "
OpenSecrets shows the cash as split into $ 5,400 for the Democratic National Committee 's Services Corporation and two contributions of $ 2,300 to Barack Obama , which on face would seem to exceed Salemme 's cap for the primary and general combined . )
Once the race to the White House was won , Salemme scrounged another $ 5,000 for the transition effort .
Salemme is not listed on Change.gov
As of this writing , Salemme is not mentioned anywhere on the Change. gov site — which lists members of the Obama transition 's staff , policy working groups , and agency review teams — nor has there been any public announcement of his involvement with the presidential transition .
A spokesman for his company says that Salemme " remains in his position as Executive VP at Clearwire . "
But Ars has learned that Salemme has been on leave using accrued vacation and joined the Obama transition team as a key adviser on DTV issues .
Last week , Salemme met with Sen. Jay Rockefeller ( D - WV ) and Tom Wheeler , who is heading Obama 's science and technology working group , to discuss a DTV delay , Rockefeller 's office confirms .
Rockefeller is among the prominent Democratic legislators supporting Obama 's call for a DTV changeover postponement .
So is Rep. Ed Markey ( D - MA ) , whom Salemme once served as chief of staff .
Both have previously expressed concern about the uneven progress of the transition .
Salemme 's pivotal role on the Obama team , however , suggests that his judgment would have weighed heavily in the decision to bite the bullet and call for a delay — as well as the subsequent effort to rally support for that decision .
Salemme is widely praised for his expertise , both in the tech industry and on Capitol Hill .
It 's no surprise his résumé made him attractive to a transition effort noted for prizing technocratic competence — especially as it became apparent how massive were the remaining challenges for DTV a mere month or so from the February deadline .
And it is an unfortunate fact of life that people with serious expertise in the tech industry also tend to have strong ties to the tech industry .
But Salemme 's high position with a primary competitor of Verizon — the company most vocally protesting that it would be adversely affected by a delay — creates an unavoidable appearance of conflict of interest .
[ Update : Make that the appearance of multiple conflicts of interest . ]
Wheeler , meanwhile , arguably has his own stake in the outcome of the 4G wars , albeit a more tenuous one .
He 's currently on leave from Core Capital Partners , whose portfolio includes a $ 10 million investment in BridgeWave , a company that provides the high - speed wireless backhaul services demanded by 4G networks .
Companies like Verizon , flush with fiber , have less need for such services , as a BridgeWave white paper explains :
All things being equal , most operators will choose fiber optic cabling as their preferred backhaul solution .
It is perceived as a well - proven technology ( it 's been deployed in core networks for decades ) with nearly limitless capacity scalability .
Unfortunately , most of the time operators do not already happen to own fiber running directly to a base station site , and are therefore faced with either paying to install a new fiber run or paying installation and recurring costs to another operator to provide fiber - based services to the site . [....]
Leasing high - capacity data services from another operator is almost always unacceptable from a cost perspective .
Canadian firm DragonWave was the incumbent wireless backhaul provider for Sprint 's WiMax network , and appears to have continued its relationship with the new Clearwire joint venture .
Neither DragonWave nor BridgeWave , however , would comment on any future deployment plans either might have with the company .
Behind the need for speed
Opponents of a delay , such as the Consumer Electronics Association , may also have motives beyond a passion for sound policy .
One Capitol Hill source complained that the electronics industry had championed a " bare - bones " converter box program in hopes that frustrated consumers would conclude it was simpler to buy newer television sets ready to receive digital signals .
The cable industry , meanwhile , has remained publicly neutral , while asserting its readiness to help meet the current deadline by assisting in a recently assembled call - center effort .
But cable , too , may stand to gain from a chaotic transition that drives consumers into its coaxial grasp .
Republicans , for their part , are loath to be blamed for a botched transition requiring a change of schedule .
Panels at CES this weekend were rife with criticism of the FCC — and in particular of Chairman Kevin Martin , who opposes a delay — for dragging its feet in preparing for the inevitable flood of consumer questions , both before and after the transition .
Any chaos that ensues when analog goes dark , however , will occur on Barack Obama 's watch .
Whether Congress agrees to postpone the DTV changeover or decides to press ahead , the only certainty is that either decision will leave some powerful interests sorely displeased .
Israel escalates offensive into Gaza cities Agence France - Presse
Published : Tuesday January 6 , 2009
Print This Email This
GAZA CITY ( AFP ) - Israeli tanks and helicopter gunships went blazing into towns across the Gaza Strip on Tuesday , attacking Hamas targets and searching for its leaders as the war death toll approached 600 .
Troops fought Islamist militants around the back alleys of Gaza 's main city in the heaviest fighting of the 11 - day - old offensive to halt rocket attacks on Israel .
Hamas made its deepest rocket strike yet into Israel .
On the diplomatic front , Arab nations pressed the case for a UN Security Council resolution condemning the onslaught , but Israel rejected ceasefire calls by French President Nicolas Sarkozy and other leaders .
" Europe must open its eyes , " President Shimon Peres told an EU ministerial delegation that demanded a truce .
" We are not in the business of public relations or improving our image .
We are fighting against terror and we have every right to defend our citizens . "
Black smoke covered districts of Gaza City and the edges of Deir al - Balah and al - Bureij where heavy fighting raged on Tuesday .
Tanks backed by helicopter gunships rolled into the southern town of Khan Yunis before dawn , to be met by return fire from Hamas and its allies , witnesses said .
One air strike killed 12 people -- including seven children -- from the same family in Gaza City .
Israeli strikes also hit two UN - run schools , one crowded with refugees , killing at least five Palestinians , medics and UN officials said .
Two people were killed when an artillery shell slammed into a school in Khan Yunis and three people were killed in an air strike on a school in the Shati refugee camp in Gaza City , they said .
Four Israeli soldiers were killed in two friendly fire incidents during the overnight surge in fighting , the army said .
Five have now died since Saturday .
About 12 Hamas rockets were fired over the border , one reaching 45 kilometres ( 28 miles ) inside Israeli territory , the deepest yet , lightly wounding a baby , the army said .
Three civilians and one soldier have been killed by rocket fire inside Israel since the offensive was launched .
Protests against Israel 's action have spiralled around the globe and the French president led new calls for a truce in talks with Israeli and Palestinian leaders on Monday .
" We , Europe , want a ceasefire as soon as possible , " Sarkozy said in Jerusalem .
" Time is working against peace .
The weapons must be silenced and there must be a temporary humanitarian truce . "
But Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert vowed that the campaign will continue until Israel completely wipes out Hamas 's ability to fire rockets into Israel .
Sarkozy also called Hamas rocket attacks " irresponsible and unforgivable , " sparking the Islamists ' retort that he was " totally biased " towards Israel .
Israel launched Operation Cast Lead on Hamas on December 27 with a massive air bombardment of Gaza , and sent in thousands of ground troops a week later .
Since then , at least 592 Palestinians have been killed , including more than 160 children , and more than 2,700 wounded , according to Gaza medics .
Israel has denied there is a humanitarian crisis in Gaza but the International Committee of the Red Cross said Tuesday that there is a " full blown " crisis and people are dying because ambulances cannot reach them .
" I cannot sufficiently underline the level of concern and anxiety that is felt at the ICRC in relation to the crisis in Gaza , " said Pierre Kraehenbuehl , the ICRC director of operations .
" There is no doubt in my mind that we are dealing with a full blown and major crisis in humanitarian terms .
The situation for the people in Gaza is extreme and traumatic as a result of 10 days of uninterrupted fighting . "
Kraehenbuehl said ICRC staff in Gaza described the past night as " the most frightening to date " in the territory where there is no power or water and finding food is a daily struggle .
Israeli officials have insisted they are doing all to prevent civilians casualties and have blamed Hamas for operating from civilian centres .
Olmert and Sarkozy agreed the French leader should pursue a peace deal involving
Egypt which brokered a six - month truce that ended on December 19 .
Hamas refused to renew the deal , sparking the war .
The UN Security Council was to meet again on Tuesday to weigh an Arab call for an immediate ceasefire and for protection of Palestinian civilians , diplomats said .
Israel 's main ally the United States has given strong support to the operation , with President George W. Bush saying any truce must ensure an end to rocket fire .
Southern California may think of itself as disaster - prone , alternately bemoaning and reveling in its status as earthquake - , wildfire - and mudslide - plagued .
But it seems a reality check is in order :
The region is actually one of the nation ’s safest -- at least in terms of human lives .
The natural hazards that bedevil us are small potatoes compared with those in other parts of the country , researchers said Wednesday in releasing a disaster map of the U.S .
Extreme heat and cold , flooding and tornadoes are the deadliest natural hazards , and they strike most frequently in the Gulf Coast , the northern Great Plains and the Mountain West , researchers reported online in the International Journal of Health Geographics .
Advertisement
“ There is a public perception that the risk of dying in earthquakes and hurricanes is higher than that from everyday hazards , ” said Susan L. Cutter , a respected health geographer at the University of South Carolina who led the study .
“ Most people say earthquakes are big events that kill lots of people , but they do n’t .
The same is true for hurricanes . ”
Heat waves , extreme cold and flooding “ do n’t garner as much attention in the news , and may not be as catching to the eye for publicity . . . but the risk associated with them over the course of a year is quite high , ” said Tricia Wachtendorf , associate director of the Disaster Research Center at the University of Delaware .
“ Because of their frequency , they are going to be impacting a greater number of people , ” she said .
Most studies of natural hazards have tended to map one type of disaster , making it difficult to compare relative risks , Cutter said .
There also have been conflicting claims about which natural hazards caused the most deaths .
Advertisement
To attempt to get a handle on the issue , Cutter and graduate student Kevin A. Borden used data from two national databases for the period 1970 to 2004 .
They identified 19,958 deaths from natural hazards and mapped them on a county - by - county basis .
Heat and drought together were the greatest hazard , accounting for 19.6 % of the total , followed by severe summer weather at 18.8 % and winter weather at 18.1 % .
Earthquakes , wildfires and hurricanes combined accounted for less than 5 % .
Mortality was greatest in the South , where most people were killed by severe weather and tornadoes .
In the northern Great Plains , heat and drought were the biggest killers .
In the Mountain West , winter weather and flooding caused the most deaths , and in the south - central U.S. , floods and tornadoes posed the biggest risk .
California is lucky because “ we do n’t have lots of severe weather , ” said Kimberly Shoaf of UCLA ’s Center for Public Health and Disasters .
“ Although we have heat , it is constant heat .
Advertisement
“ It ’s not the temperature itself but the difference between the average temperature and the heat extremes ” that is dangerous because it catches people unprepared , she said .
As for the wildfires that sweep through the region with alarming frequency , they create the perception that Southern California is particularly disaster - prone -- but fires claim relatively few lives .
Earthquake preparation has gone a long way to mitigate the risks in a seismically unstable area .
California has “ done a great deal in terms of its emergency management and risk reduction , has been very proactive , so it does n’t surprise me that the number of deaths has been fairly low , ” Wachtendorf said .
Charlie Sardou , interim communications manager for the greater Los Angeles chapter of the American Red Cross , was n’t surprised that the nation ’s earthquake capital ranked low on deaths from natural disasters .
Advertisement
He said California ’s strict building codes protected the state from the huge losses seen in countries with more vulnerable structures .
But the number of deaths is just one measure of a disaster , Sardou said .
A large quake would damage homes and businesses , close freeways and all but shut down Los Angeles and other cities .
“ The bigger question is what would happen to the quality of life here in Southern California for some time afterward , ” Sardou said .
“ The total amount of damage could be many , many times greater than , say , a [ Hurricane ] Katrina . ”
Added Jay Alan , spokesman for the state ’s Governor ’s Office of Homeland Security : “ We do face obviously the potential of a major disaster in the form of an earthquake or a tsunami .
Those are things Kansas does n’t have to worry about . ”
Advertisement
But even for property damage , earthquakes rank low in the overall scheme of things .
“ Floods tend to be No. 1 for everything because they happen frequently and affect large areas , ” Shoaf said .
“ We had two flooding events this year where the entire Midwest was covered .
. . .
The property damage for that is huge . ”
--
thomas.maugh@latimes.com
Advertisement
mary.engel@latimes.com
In recent years , the newer drugs , which account for about 90 percent of the market , have become increasingly controversial , as prescription rates to children and elderly people have soared .
Doctors use the drugs to settle outbursts related to a host of psychiatric disorders , including attention deficit disorder and Alzheimer ’s disease .
Most are not approved for such use .
After an analysis of study data , the Food and Drug Administration required that all antipsychotics ’ labels contain a warning that the drugs were associated with a heightened risk of heart failure in elderly patients .
The new study , an analysis of more than 250,000 Medicaid records , is the first to rigorously document that risk for the newer drugs in adults over 30 without previous heart problems .
In the study , researchers at Vanderbilt University and the Nashville Veterans Affairs Medical Center analyzed Tennessee Medicaid records for 276,907 people ages 30 to 74 .
About a third of them began taking an antipsychotic medication in the period studied , from 1990 to 2005 , either a newer atypical or an older drug .
Two - thirds made up a control group .
The researchers excluded patients with heart disease or other problems that might put them at higher risk of cardiac failure .
Antipsychotic drugs can affect heart rhythm in some vulnerable people .
They found 478 sudden cardiac deaths among those taking the drugs , about twice the rate of the control group .
The risk  equivalent to 3 deaths for every 1,000 patients taking the drugs for a year  was about the same whether people took the newer or older medications .
The higher the dose of the drug , the study found , the higher the risk of sudden death .
“ The implication of this study is that physicians need to do a very careful cardiovascular evaluation prior to prescribing these drugs , ” especially if there are alternative treatments , said the lead author , Wayne A. Ray , a professor of preventive medicine at Vanderbilt and the Nashville veterans ’ hospital .
“ Then , if they ’re used , to pay careful attention to using the lowest possible dose . ”
You can save 50 % or more when you order international edition textbooks for your college classes !
What are International Edition Textbooks ?
International Edition
An international edition textbook has been published at a lower production cost for sale in foreign markets .
Distributors overseas then re-sell the titles to customers in other parts of the world at a much lower price .
International edition textbooks save students an average of 50 % over the prices offered at their college bookstores .
Contrary to what their name might imply , international editions are published in English .
International edition markings
Most international editions are marked as such , with phrases such as " international student edition " , " IE " , " int'l edition " , " global edition " and of course " international edition " .
Many also have labels that indicate they are not for sale in certain areas , such as " not for sale in the United States " , " not authorized for sale in North America " , or " not for sale in the U.S. or Canada " .
However , as mentioned above , it is not illegal for students in the U.S. to purchase international edition textbooks .
How to order the correct international edition
International editions of textbooks may have different ISBN 's from the U.S. edition .
We recommend that you search by title and author as well as ISBN .
International edition textbooks will be clearly identified as such in Biblio 's search results .
Carefully compare your search results to the author and title of the book you want to order .
Check for other details such as revised and / or newer editions , etc .
Read the seller 's entire description of the book available .
Disgraced conservative pastor faces more sex accusations Associated Press
Published : Saturday January 24 , 2009
Print This Email This DENVER ( AP ) — Disgraced evangelical leader Ted Haggard 's former church disclosed Friday that the gay sex scandal that caused his downfall extends to a young male church volunteer who reported having a sexual relationship with Haggard& # 8212 a revelation that comes as Haggard tries to repair his public image .
Brady Boyd , who succeeded Haggard as senior pastor of the 10,000 - member New Life Church in Colorado Springs , told The Associated Press that the man came forward to church officials in late 2006 shortly after a Denver male prostitute claimed to have had a three - year cash - for - sex relationship with Haggard .
Powered by Mochila
The right is fuming over the prospect of Al Franken becoming a senator , said Steve Young in OpEdNews , but if it had n't been for attacks by Fox News ' Bill O'Reilly and other angry conservatives , the Democratic comedian probably would n't have run , " let alone won . "
Franken entered the race far behind GOP Sen .
Norm Coleman , but " the more venom the right threw at Franken , " the more money he raised .
The feud wo n't end any time soon , said David Neiwert in Crooks and Liars .
Franken's " looming elevation " to the Senate is making Republicans crazy .
Last week O'Reilly aired one of Franken 's old comedy videos just so he could call the Democrat a " pinhead . "
Franken should have fun with it — " they 're gonna savage him no matter what he does . "
Partisan warriors might indeed propel Franken into the Senate , said Brian Darling in Human Events , but they 'll be Democrats .
Coleman , who led by 215 votes in the original count , challenged the Minnesota Canvassing Board 's decision to declare Franken the winner , saying officials botched the recount .
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid evidently knows better than the Minnesota courts and declared " the race in Minnesota 's over . "
MySQLのInnoDBストレージエンジンは行ロックをサポートしています。しかしOracleと同じ感覚でアプリケーションを作っていると、思わぬところでデッドロックに出くわすことがあります。これはInnoDBのロック範囲がOracleよりも微妙に広いためです。
実際の例で確認してみましょう。
mysql > select * from t ; +----+------+ | c1 | c2 | +----+------+ | 10 | a | | 15 | a | | 20 | a | | 25 | a | | 30 | a | | 35 | a | | 40 | a | | 45 | a | | 50 | a | +----+------+
c1列は主キーになっています。1つめのセッションで以下のSQLを実行します。
mysql > set tx_isolation = ' repeatable - read ' ; mysql > set autocommit = 0 ; mysql > update t set c2 = ' b ' where c1 < 30 ; Query OK , 4 rows affected ( 0.00 sec ) Rows matched : 4 Changed : 4 Warnings : 0
2つめのセッションで以下のSQLを実行すると…
mysql > set tx_isolation = ' repeatable - read ' ; mysql > set autocommit = 0 ; mysql > update t set c2 = ' c ' where c1 = 30 ; ERROR 1205 ( HY000 ) : Lock wait timeout exceeded ; try restarting transaction
このようにc1 = 30 の行のロックを獲得することができません。
1つめのセッションではc1 < 30の行だけロックをすればいいのですが、実際にはc1 = 30の行もロックされてしまっています。これはInnoDBのアーキテクチャからもたらされている制限事項で、このロックのことをネクストキーロックといいます。ある範囲をロックする際に、一つ先の行までロックをかけることで「範囲」というものを表現する仕組みです。
MySQL 5.0、バイナリログON、トランザクション分離レベルREAD
COMMITTED(RC ) とREPEATABLE READ(RR ) 、SERIALIZABLE( S )でいくつかのパターンを試してみました。
先行トランザクション 後続トランザクション RC RR S update t set c2 = ' b ' where c1 = 30 select * from t where c1 = 30 ○ ○ △ 〃 update t set c2 = ' c ' where c1 = 25 ○ ○ ○ 〃 update t set c2 = ' c ' where c1 = 35 ○ ○ ○ 〃 insert into t values ( 29 , 'c ' ) ○ ○ ○ 〃 insert into t values ( 31 , 'c ' ) ○ ○ ○ update t set c2 = ' b ' where c1 < 30 select * from t where c1 < 30 ○ ○ △ 〃 update t set c2 = ' c ' where c1 = 30 × × × 〃 update t set c2 = ' c ' where c1 = 35 ○ ○ ○ 〃 insert into t values ( 29 , 'c ' ) × △ △ 〃 insert into t values ( 31 , 'c ' ) ○ ○ ○ update t set c2 = ' b ' where c1 > 30 select * from t where c1 > 30 ○ ○ △ 〃 update t set c2 = ' c ' where c1 = 25 ○ ○ ○ 〃 update t set c2 = ' c ' where c1 = 30 ○ ○ ○ 〃 insert into t values ( 29 , 'c ' ) ○ ○ ○ 〃 insert into t values ( 31 , 'c ' ) × △ △ update t set c2 = ' b ' where c1 <= 30 select * from t where c1 <= 30 ○ ○ △ 〃 update t set c2 = ' c ' where c1 = 35 × × × 〃 insert into t values ( 29 , 'c ' ) × △ △ 〃 insert into t values ( 31 , 'c ' ) × × × update t set c2 = ' b ' where c1 >= 30 select * from t where c1 >= 30 ○ ○ △ 〃 update t set c2 = ' c ' where c1 = 25 ○ ○ ○ 〃 insert into t values ( 29 , 'c ' ) ○ ○ ○ 〃 insert into t values ( 31 , 'c ' ) × △ △
○：後続トランザクションがロックを獲得できた
△：後続トランザクションは待たされるが、待たされることが適切である
×：後続トランザクションは待たされないことが理想だが、MySQL 5.0 のInnoDBでは待たされてしまう
ネクストキーロックで待たされてしまっているのは、c1
< 30 のときのc1 = 30、c1 <= 30 のときのc1 = 35 、INSERT 31です。特にc1 <= 30のときの挙動はなかなか強烈だと思います。
不等号の向きによって挙動が変わる点も注意したいところです。c1 > 30、c1 >= 30のときはネクストキーロックは観測されません。ネクストキーロックは一つ先の行をロックする仕組みなので、一つ前の行には何もしません。
△について少し補足すると、REPEATABLE
READでc1 < 30のときにINSERT
29がブロックされるのは、REPEATABLE
READがファジーリードを許さないためです。ファジーリードを防ぐ仕組みをどのように実装するかはRDBMSによって異なるのですが、InnoDBでは最初からINSERTやUPDATEをさせないという方針になっています。INSERTも止めてしまうので、ファントムリードも発生しないことになります。「InnoDBのREPEATABLE
READはファントムリードを起こさない実装」というのはこのことを指しています。
さて、表をじっくり見ると、READ COMMITTEDとREPEATABLE
READが実はまったく同じことに気づくかと思います。READ
COMMITTEDはファントムリードを許すので、例えばc < 30のときのINSERT
29は本来許可されるべきです。そうなっていないのは、MySQL
5.0におけるバイナリログの制限が原因になっています。MySQL
5.0までのバイナリログはこのようなトランザクションに対してログの整合性を担保できないことがあるため、InnoDB側であえてロックの範囲を広げているのです。結局のところREAD
COMMITTEDとREPEATABLE
READで挙動が変わらないのですから、InnoDBのデフォルト分離レベルがREPEATABLE
READになっているのもなるほどという感じです。
MySQL 5.1では行ベースレプリケーションという新機能でこの制限が緩和されています。MySQL 5.1で起動パラメータbinlog_formatにmixedまたはrowを指定して同じパターンの動作確認をしてみると、以下のようになります。
先行トランザクション 後続トランザクション RC RR S update t set c2 = ' b ' where c1 = 30 select * from t where c1 = 30 ○ ○ △ 〃 update t set c2 = ' c ' where c1 = 25 ○ ○ ○ 〃 update t set c2 = ' c ' where c1 = 35 ○ ○ ○ 〃 insert into t values ( 29 , 'c ' ) ○ ○ ○ 〃 insert into t values ( 31 , 'c ' ) ○ ○ ○ update t set c2 = ' b ' where c1 < 30 select * from t where c1 < 30 ○ ○ △ 〃 update t set c2 = ' c ' where c1 = 30 × × × 〃 update t set c2 = ' c ' where c1 = 35 ○ ○ ○ 〃 insert into t values ( 29 , 'c ' ) ○ △ △ 〃 insert into t values ( 31 , 'c ' ) ○ ○ ○ update t set c2 = ' b ' where c1 > 30 select * from t where c1 > 30 ○ ○ △ 〃 update t set c2 = ' c ' where c1 = 25 ○ ○ ○ 〃 update t set c2 = ' c ' where c1 = 30 ○ ○ ○ 〃 insert into t values ( 29 , 'c ' ) ○ ○ ○ 〃 insert into t values ( 31 , 'c ' ) ○ △ △ update t set c2 = ' b ' where c1 <= 30 select * from t where c1 <= 30 ○ ○ △ 〃 update t set c2 = ' c ' where c1 = 35 × × × 〃 insert into t values ( 29 , 'c ' ) ○ △ △ 〃 insert into t values ( 31 , 'c ' ) ○ × × update t set c2 = ' b ' where c1 >= 30 select * from t where c1 >= 30 ○ ○ △ 〃 update t set c2 = ' c ' where c1 = 25 ○ ○ ○ 〃 insert into t values ( 29 , 'c ' ) ○ ○ ○ 〃 insert into t values ( 31 , 'c ' ) ○ △ △
このよう にREAD COMMITTEDが大幅に改善されています。ネクストキーそのものについては変化がありませんが、それ以外の行については後続トランザクションが問題なくロックを獲得できるようになっています。MySQL
5.1、なかなか頑張っています。
InnoDBのこうした特性についてはあまり参考資料がないのが現状で、MySQLを業務に活用されようとしている方に対して少しでも参考になればと思い筆をとりました。InnoDBのトランザクション制御はまだまだ奥が深くて、私もごく浅いところしか理解できていません。「c1列が主キーでない場合は？」「UPDATEではなくDELETEだった場合は？」など、いろいろ試してみると面白いと思います。
IDF invades Gaza : Israel Defense Forces ground troops entered the northern Gaza Strip on Saturday evening , as the army launched its long anticipated ground operation .
An officer and a soldier were seriously wounded during the night - time fighting against Palestinian gunmen .
They were evacuated to the Sheba Medical Center at Tel Hashomer .
Eighteen other soldiers sustained light to moderate wounds .
International Community UN chief to Olmert : End Gaza op immediately Yitzhak Benhorin Ban says ' extremely concerned and disappointed ' over Israel 's decision to invade Gaza , Spanish FM Moratinos calls Abbas to express his ' support and solidarity ' UN chief to Olmert : End Gaza op immediately
Eleven of the injured troops were evacuated to the Soroka Medical Center in Beersheba for treatment .
Army officials confirmed that dozens of terrorists were hurt in clashes with IDF ground troops , saying some of them were killed .
In several cases , armed terrorists approached Israeli forces and were shot at by ground troops and IDF gunships .
There are no reports of Israeli casualties at this time .
Large IDF ground forces , including Armored and Engineering corps units , as well as infantry soldiers are currently operating in the Beit Lahiya and Beit Hanoun areas , from which rockets have been launched toward Israel .
The army is preparing to enter the third phase of the operation , which is expected to be much broader in scope .
In this framework tens of thousands of reserve soldiers will be heading to training bases in north and south Israel during the early hours of Sunday morning .
The reserve soldiers may take part in the third phase of the operation or be deployed in central and northern Israel in case of escalation on those fronts .
" Calling up the reserves and gearing them up will provide us the flexibility we need in case of any development , particularly if the operation in Gaza is expanded , " an army official explained .
A third of the reserve soldiers will receive new equipment as part of a five - year plan initiated by the IDF Logistics Corps following the Second Lebanon War .
Other troops will have to make due with outdated gear .
A military official told Ynet that troops were advancing in northern Gaza according to plan .
" For the time being , we are facing several hubs of resistance , yet we are not dealing with massive resistance , " he said .
" Since we entered there have been no unusual incidents , and the troops are operating in line with pre-determined objectives . "
Meanwhile , IDF Central Command Chief Yoav Galant has ordered to expand the closed military zone in the Gaza vicinity region so that it will include all areas west of Sderot , Ofakim and Netivot .
Saturday night , the Palestinians reported that the IDF attacked a fuel depot in Beit Lahiya .
Meanwhile , the IDF imposed a 30 - kilometer ( roughly 20 miles ) naval blockade on Gaza .
The move was approved by Defense Minister Barak and was meant to prevent foreign vessels from reaching the combat zone .
Earlier in the evening , large infantry , engineering and intelligence forces entered the Strip , accompanied by armored corps and artillery units .
Navy vessels and Air Force gunships also played a role in the operation .
The troops entered various areas in northern Gaza and fire exchanges were reported soon after .
Determined to win war ( Photo : Reuters )
" The objective is to destroy the Hamas terror infrastructure in the area of operations , " said Major Avital Leibovitch , a military spokeswoman , confirming that incursions were under way .
" We are going to take some of the launch areas used by Hamas . "
Army Chief Gabi Ashkenazi met with troops before the incursion was launched , and made it clear that the army was fully determined to secure the operation 's objectives .
" I have complete faith in you , the commanders and fighters , " Ashkenazi told soldiers .
" I count on you , I trust you , and I 'm backing you .
The people of Israel could not have asked for a better team of commanders and fighters . "
Meanwhile , the IDF has started calling up thousands of reservists in the framework of emergency call - ups approved by the government .
The objective of the call - up is to enable the IDF to expand the ground incursion if necessary .
Reservists have started to arrive at their bases Saturday evening and will continue to come in Sunday .
' It wo n't be easy '
In a statement to the media Saturday night , Defense Minister Ehud Barak said the ground incursion will put Israeli troops in life danger .
" It wo n't be easy and it wo n't be brief , " he said .
' We 're continuing to expand the operation while being well aware that this move will include challenges , difficulties , and also victims .
We are doing it because of the faith that at this time this is our duty to citizens of the country . "
" Several hours ago , IDF troops entered the Gaza Strip , " he said .
" So far in the operation , the IDF , the Air Force , and the Intelligence Corps delivered a harsh blow against Hamas .
The defense minister stressed that he debated at length before ordering the ground incursion , adding that Israel was a peace - loving country and pledging that the IDF will have the upper hand by the operation 's end .
Troops enter Gaza ( Photo : Sky News / AFP )
" The decision to embark on the ground phase of the operation was taken following in depth consideration , " he said .
" Every alternative was examined thoroughly , while we examined every possible scenario . "
" We wo n't abandon our citizens , " Barak said .
" The IDF 's job is to defend the home front . "
Gaza Op Hundreds of shells hit Gaza Ron Ben - Yishai
For first time since Gaza op 's start , IDF artillery units shell targets in Strip .
Meanwhile , Air Force hunts for senior Hamas terror activists in Strip , hits dozens of targets Saturday ; Hamas officer killed after car hit by aircraft IDF artillery targets Gaza
Prime Minister Ehud Olmert , Defense Minister Barak , and Foreign Minister Tzipi Livni met Friday night and approved the ground incursion .
The operation was approved in principle in the cabinet session 10 days ago .
Gaza pounded
Earlier in the day , artillery cannons started to shell targets in the Strip .
The IDF said that by Saturday evening hundreds of shells had been fired at precise targets in Gaza .
Much of Gaza was enveloped by darkness as night fell .
Meanwhile , Air Force aircraft continued to drop leaflets in Gaza , calling on residents to leave their homes in order to avoid injury .
The leaflets dropped Saturday read : " Area resident , as result of the acts undertaken by terror activists in your area against Israel , the IDF is forced to respond immediately and operate in this area .
For your own safety , you are asked to leave the area immediately . "
Earlier Saturday , the Air Force attacked a vehicle in Khan Younis carrying Hamas officer Muhammad Maaruf and another group member .
The two were reportedly killed in the strike .
Saturday morning , a senior Hamas commander was assassinated .
Learning to Fly Helicopters by Philip Greenspun , ATP , CFI-H ; July 2003 , updated March 2009 Site Home : Flying : One Article
Introduction
the ability to land anywhere
the ability to fly very low and / or slow ( though doing both at the same time is not recommended , as explained below )
Helicopters versus Airplanes for Private Pilots
FAR 91.119 says " Except when necessary for takeoff or landing , no person may operate an aircraft below the following altitudes ... " and it turns out to be illegal to fly an airplane less than 1000 ' above the rooftops of a city ( i.e. , about 1200 ' above the ground ) or 500 ' from any person , vessel , vehicle , or structure in the countryside ( i.e. , at least 500 ' above the ground ) .
This is a much closer look than you would get in a commercial airliner , but it is n't all that close .
FAR 91.119 (d ) says " Helicopters may be operated at less than the minimums prescribed in paragraph ( b ) or ( c ) of this section if the operation is conducted without hazard to persons or property on the surface . "
As long as the helicopter could autorotate to a tennis court , road , or field in the event of an engine failure , the pilot can fly much lower than in an airplane .
This , combined with the view through the bubble , is what makes helicopters so great for sightseeing .
Getting a private helicopter license takes about 55 hours of in - air training , which translates to at least 30 days of hard work , usually spread out over at least 60 to 90 calendar days .
The total cost should be well under $ 15,000 , i.e. , a lot less than a new S.U.V. and it will leave you with a much greater sense of accomplishment ( though of course the average yuppie would apparently much rather have the S.U.V. ) .
A brand - new four - seat Robinson R44 helicopter costs around $ 300,000 and can be easily shared by three or four owners .
Consider starting with an airplane
If you are already a certificated airplane pilot you already have all of the required skills except knowing how to fly a helicopter .
The FAA relaxes the flight time requirement to 30 hours and in practice many students are able to pass their checkride after 40 hours .
Unless you 're completely fearless and / or stupid , the prospect of hurtling towards the ground at a lethal rate of speed in an unfamiliar machine is frightening .
Yet this is a required maneuver when landing any aircraft .
Fear makes it harder to learn .
Better to conquer your fear and get comfortable in the air in a $ 80 / hour rented airplane than in a $ 229 / hour rented helicopter .
If in the long run you want to be able to fly both airplanes and helicopters , start with airplanes now .
If , on the other hand , you have no interest in airplanes , start with and stick with helicopters .
Your trainer
Flight schools , however , were quick to notice that the R22 was the world 's cheapest helicopter to operate and began snapping them up .
This proved to be a problem because Frank Robinson never designed the R22 for training and probably would have relaxed the high cruise speed requirement and put in a higher inertia rotor system to allow more time to react to student mistake during simulated engine failures .
A friend of the author who has 6000 + hours and is a superb turbine helicopter pilot says that he is afraid to teach in the R22 and it was only luck that saved him from an accident because he just is n't good / quick enough to take the correct actions in the event of a student mistake .
He is still willing to teach in the Robinson R44 , however , where everything happens a lot slower due to the higher inertia in the heavier rotor .
Filled to half of its fuel capacity , the R22 is barely capable of hovering with 400 lbs. of pilot and instructor on board .
If you 're a typical American , now is the time to start your diet .
My brother the M.D. says " If you want to lose weight , do n't eat anything a caveman would n't have eaten .
Meat and fish are okay .
Fruits , berries , and vegetables that you could pick up off the ground or out of a tree are okay .
Potatoes and grain are not okay .
The human animal has n't had time to evolve to deal with these products of the agricultural revolution . "
If you 're too fat , you 'll have to learn in a Robinson R44 , for which the typical flight school charges a 50 - 100 % premium .
Old school helicopter pilots will scoff at the R22 for a variety of reasons , including the low inertia rotor system , but there is no low - cost alternative .
Schweizer , for example , which bought the old Hughes design , manufactures a comparative handful of piston - engine helicopters each year .
Schweizer was purchased by Sikorsky and concentrates on rapid prototyping for the U.S. military .
If Schweizer were to cease producing and supporting civilian helicopters it would probably result in a revenue boost for Sikorsky because the people and workshops could be transferred to military contracts .
What does the U.S. Army use ?
The Bell Jet Ranger , which has similar rotor inertia to a Robinson R44 .
What about the quadrupled acquisition cost and doubled fuel burn ?
Nothing is too expensive for the taxpayers ...
In my experience the four - seat Robinson R44 is the best compromise for a trainer .
The extra power from having two empty seats makes it easy to recover from mistakes .
You can learn hovering at 10 ' above the ground instead of 3 ' , which results in a lot more room for error and less terror for the student .
Autorotations in the R44 are much easier and the rotor RPM does n't rush to overspeed or decay as fast .
Hover autorotations in the R44 are slow enough that you can just about reach into the back seat for a drink of soda between the time that you roll off the throttle and need to pull up on the collective .
Frank Robinson has been trying for several years to convince flight schools to use the R44 instead of the R22 , but the economics do n't work out .
It is cheaper to crash the occasional old R22 than to equip a school with new R44s .
Pathfinder Insurance , a Robinson - affiliated company , wo n't insure anyone to instruct in the R44 unless he or she has 500 hours of total rotorcraft time , so basically there would be no way to staff an all - R44 school .
A growing number of foreign militaries are adopting the R44 as their primary trainer .
[ East Coast Aero Club , the school where I teach , conducted an experiment with trainer pricing .
We set the price of the R44 at a 50 percent premium over the R22 , which made us the cheapest place in the world to rent an R44 .
We were charging 66 percent less than the cost of an R44 in Europe and 30 or 40 percent less than what other U.S. flight schools were charging .
What was the result ?
Most students preferred to save $ 100 per hour and tolerate the additional risk of training in the R22 . ]
Choosing a Flight School and Instructor
Look for a school with at least two training helicopters and two instructors .
It is also a plus if the school has an on - staff FAA Designated Examiner .
Otherwise you might have trouble getting an appointment to take your checkride .
I have prepared a separate page with a list of recommended helicopter flight schools .
Given that you do n't know how to fly , how do you evaluate an instructor ?
The best instructors are relaxed and comfortable even as the student makes a lot of mistakes .
The best instructors are able to talk a student through a maneuver rather than putting their hands on the controls and " demonstrating " .
Once you 've learned how to hold a hover and fly straight - and - level , take at least one lesson with each instructor at your school and then pick the one whose style suits you best .
You 'll probably learn at least 50 percent faster with an excellent instructor compared to an average instructor .
As a lower - time instructor myself , it pains me to say this , but I think that the best instructors with whom I have flown had at least 800 hours [ I wrote that sentence some years ago ; now I have over 1350 hours ] .
The low - time guys were often nervous and took the controls too readily .
I have flown with one or two 10,000 - hour instructors who were not so great ; they could do amazing things with the helicopter but they were n't good at explaining to another person how to do those amazing things .
One strategy that you might pursue is to find a lower - time instructor who is a good explainer for the lower - risk maneuvers and then do the more challenging maneuvers with a high - time instructor .
Maneuvers that demand a higher level of skill from the instructor include 180 - degree autorotations , slope operations , throttle chops , and hover autorotations over anything other than a smooth paved surface .
First Lesson : Ground
The ground lesson is partly about energy management in the event of an engine failure and partly about not getting the helicopter into unusual attitudes .
As with airplanes , much of the key to safety in a helicopter is energy management .
In an airplane you have potential energy ( altitude ) and kinetic energy ( forward speed ) that can be traded off against each other to bring the airplane down gently in the event of an engine failure or ordinary landing .
The helicopter has three kinds of energy : potential ( altitude ) , kinetic ( forward speed ) , and angular momentum ( blade speed ) .
In an airplane you can make decisions about trading forms of energy very late in the day .
For example , if you pull the stick all the way back at 6000 ' above the ground you will gradually slow down and eventually stall and perhaps enter a spin .
With many airplanes you could spin nearly all the way to the ground before applying forward stick and opposite rudder to get back to a normal flight condition .
All without an engine .
In a helicopter , by contrast , if the blades spin down more than 10 - 15 % from their normal velocity , there is no way to convert potential or kinetic energy into spinning such that the helicopter will start to fly again .
If you can't restart your engine , therefore , your helicopter can very quickly become a rock .
In a turbine - powered helicopter like a Bell 206 JetRangers the blades are heavy and the blades wo n't slow down for several seconds after an engine failure .
In the flyweight Robinson , however , after an engine failure you have no more than 1.2 seconds to take exactly the right actions or the helicopter cannot be recovered .
What if you do take all the right actions ?
Suppose that you 're up at 4000 ' and the engine quits .
You lower the collective pitch ( lever on your left ) immediately to flatten the blades and allow them to be driven by the wind through which the helicopter is now falling at 2000 feet - per-minute .
You adjust the cyclic ( stick in front of you ) for about 65 knots of forward speed .
You aim for a landing zone .
The good news is that you do n't need a very large one but the bad news is that the glide ratio is between 2:1 and 4:1 instead of an airplane 's 10:1 and therefore you do n't have as large an area from which to choose .
As you get within about 50 ' from the ground you pull back the cyclic to flare the helicopter and shed most of the forward speed .
Just as in an airplane this flare also arrests most of the vertical speed .
At the second to last moment you stop flaring and return the helicopter to being parallel to the ground .
Ideally at this point you are hovering 5 ' or so above a soccer field and the blades are still spinning .
Finally you raise the collective as the helicopter falls , using the stored energy in the blades against the force of gravity .
You land gently on the skids .
( In practice the cyclic flare is more important than the " hovering autorotation " at the end ; a lot of people walk away from helicopter engine failures if they get the cyclic flare right but can't manage to pull the collective smoothly at the last moment . )
This all sounds good until you look at the " deadman 's curve " , known to the FAA as the " height - velocity diagram " .
The marketing literature for helicopters says " if the engine fails , you can autorotate down to a smooth landing . "
The owner 's manual , however , contains a little chart of flight conditions from which it is impossible to land without at least bending the helicopter .
It is safe to fly low .
It is safe to fly slow .
It is not safe to fly low ( below 500 ' ) and slow at the same time .
Unfortunately these conditions are the very ones in which nearly all helicopters seem to operate at least for brief periods .
Suppose that you 're landing in a field surrounded by trees and power lines .
If you came screaming in at 65 knots you 'd always have enough kinetic energy to do a nice autorotation , flare , and touchdown .
At 65 knots , however , you probably would n't be able to hold the steep angle necessary to get into the field without hitting trees .
At 65 knots you would n't have a lot of time to study the obstacles and the field before committing to a landing .
How are you likely to do it ?
Low and slow !
First Lesson : Air
If the weather is nice you 'll probably remove the doors .
This ensures that you 'll be nice and cool inside the machine .
In theory you could look straight down while in flight and scare yourself but in practice your attention will be focussed on looking out the front and trying to hold the machine in a fixed attitude relative to the horizon .
So do n't hesitate to fly your very first lesson with the doors off .
When the doors are off , it is good practice to take everything out of your pockets and put them in the baggage compartment underneath the seats .
You do n't want loose items getting sucked out of the helicopter and contacting the tail rotor , the fastest - rotating and most fragile part of the whole machine .
Sadly , a big part of your first lesson will be practicing the most difficult helicopter maneuver : hovering .
Hardly anyone is able to become proficient at hovering in less than 5 or 6 hours of flight training .
Every one of those hours is exhausting .
Much of the time is frustrating .
More : the lesson plan that I use
Why Flying a Helicopter is Hard
What do folks who 've never flown an aircraft before do ?
Sit there fat and happy while the attitude drifts a bit .
Eventually the drift gets to the point that the helicopter is pointing 180 degrees from where it started or 45 degrees nose - up or 45 degrees nose - down and heading straight for the trees .
At this point even a brand new pilot senses that something is amiss and it is time for a flight control input .
A big one .
The 45 - degree nose - down attitude then turns into a 45 - degree nose - up attitude .
The key in flying successfully and smoothly is to watch for small attitude changes and compensate with small control inputs .
This is easier said than done , of course , and the instrument - rated airplane pilots have a big edge .
Learning to Hover
Most instructors will start by giving you one control at a time .
You take the antitorque pedals and they handle the cyclic and collective pitch .
You practice pedal turns .
Then you take the collective while the instructor controls the cyclic and pedals .
You go up , you go down .
Maybe you land .
Then you take the cyclic and the instructor takes the other controls and ... 1 second later the helicopter is oscillating like crazy and you hear " I have the controls " in your headset .
Any good instructor will alert you to the fact that you need to be very light on the controls : " you fly with pressures , not movements . "
The instructor will also tell you that there is a bit of lag between the time that you put in a control input and the time that the helicopter reacts .
What most instructors wo n't tell you is how to deal with these facts .
Here are a few tips for handling the cyclic , which controls forward / back and left / right movement of the helicopter :
Focus your gaze at least 1 /2 mile in the distance if the sightlines in your practice area are long enough .
This gives you a better reference for aircraft attitude than looking close .
As soon as the helicopter is handed to you it will start to drift to the right .
The tail rotor is counterbalancing engine torque but at the same time is pushing the machine to the right .
Expect to hold a little bit of left pressure on the cyclic to avoid this translational drift .
Do n't put in and hold a control input pressure .
Suppose the helicopter is moving forward a bit .
You press back on the cyclic and hold that pressure .
One second later the helicopter has responded to the initial pressure by arresting its forward creep .
One second after that the helicopter has responded to two seconds of continuous pressure by rushing backwards at a frightening clip .
If the helo is moving forward , press backwards for a split - second then try to return the cyclic to a neutral position .
See if the helicopter stops creeping .
If so , great .
If not , try another little stab of back pressure .
Although every second or two you are doing something with the cyclic , in any given instant you need not be putting in any cyclic input .
Nudge the cyclic and then return to center .
Nudge and then return .
After an hour or two the instructor might be doing more harm than good in handling the other two controls .
Everything is cross -coupled so if he is messing with the collective or the pedals it will require you to take action with the cyclic .
It is actually easier to handle all three controls because at least the machine is n't doing completely unpredictable things from your point of view .
Take a break every 20 minutes by practicing takeoffs , trips around the pattern , and approaches to landings .
Learning Autorotations
I like to take a student up to 3000 ' AGL and have him or her glide down to 500 ' AGL before adding power and climbing back up to 3000 ' again .
In other words , the student practices the entry and glide repeatedly without being close to the ground and without worrying about the flare or power recovery .
After perfecting these parts of an autorotation , the student comes back for another lesson and starts doing flares and power recoveries .
For 180 - degree autorotations , the typical problem is that the student lets the nose drop in the right turn .
Now the airspeed builds up and the descent rate correspondingly increases , which increase the rotor RPM .
A low - time instructor is going to have his hands full recovering an R22 from this mournful situation .
Best to start at 3000 ' again .
Have the student enter straight - ahead and establish a 65 - knot 100 percent RPM autorotation , with a slightly raised collective to hold the RPMs at 100 percent .
At this point the student can start some left and right turns , taking care not to let the pitch attitude , and therefore airspeed , change .
The RPM will rise in the turn , but only to about 104 percent , still well within the yellow , and a collective adjustment is not required .
Learning Hover Autorotations
The most important parts of a hover auto are stopping the yaw ( pedal ) and stopping the drift ( cyclic ) .
If a helicopter falls from 2 ' and the collective is n't touched , there should n't be any damage as long as the skids do n't have to absorb a big yawing or drifting moment .
Remember that the blades still have some pitch on them and are providing some lift .
Start out with the helicopter just 6 " to 1 ' off the ground .
Ignore the collective .
Work on using the pedals and cyclic so that the helicopter is neither yawing nor drifting when it hits the pavement .
When you 've mastered these controls , start doing hover autos from higher up and add some collective input towards the bottom .
Instructors :
There is little value in teaching students to raise the collective at the bottom of a hover auto .
Concentrate on the pedal and cyclic work , which do not come naturally for most pilots .
Nobody who is in a helicopter that is falling toward the ground needs a CFI to tell them to pull up on the collective .
Remember that pavement is not as forgiving of small problems with hover autos compared to grass , but big yaw or drift when hitting grass is more likely to result in a dynamic rollover than the same sloppiness on pavement .
Night
Do n't go anywhere at night that you have n't been to a lot of times during the daytime .
The only exception to this rule would be when flying from airport to airport , in which case you should stay 2000 ' AGL until you have visually identified the destination airport .
Establish high personal weather minimums for night flying , even with an instructor .
I do not like to leave the airport traffic pattern unless the visibility is at least 10 miles .
Instruments
Helicopters , by contrast , are seldom equipped and almost never certified for IMC .
If you get your instrument rating at 120 hours , for example , and then try to get the CFII at 250 hours , you 'll probably find that your instrument proficiency has deteriorated dramatically .
If , on the other hand , you get your helicopter instrument rating at 249 hours and your CFII - H at 250 hours , you only need to get sharp once .
When you finally do get that medevac job at 2000 hours and need to get your instrument currency back , of course you 'll have to build your instrument proficiency again .
Instrument training in an airplane will save you a lot of money and the skills transfer very nicely .
As a moderately experienced airplane instrument pilot and 200 - hour helicopter pilot , I was able to hop into a Robinson R44 , put the hood on , and fly several flawless ILS approaches .
Safety
People fly helicopters into friends ' backyards , onto highways on rainy nights after car accidents , onto rooftop helipads , and with air conditioners hanging underneath .
Helicopters are unstable and very few are equipped with autopilots .
You 'd expect helicopters to be vastly more dangerous than airplanes .
They are and they are n't .
Big jet - powered helicopters are safer than small airplanes , but not by the huge factor that big jet - powered airplanes are safer .
The jet - powered helicopters suffer 4 accidents per 100,000 hours , 1 of which will be fatal .
Piston - powered helicopters , which these days means " Robinson " , suffer 13 - 20 accidents per year , with roughly 2 of those accidents being fatal .
There are a lot of straightforward ways to improve helicopter safety , some recommended by NASA and some already implemented in Europe and by oil companies :
an electronic database of obstacles such as towers and powerlines so that avionics can warn a pilot of an impending collision ( the FAA database only includes very high towers that are hazardous to airplanes , not the powerlines that typically snag helicopters )
stability - augmentation systems and autopilots that reduce pilot workload and make inadvertent entry into a cloud a survivable event ( the big helicopters have autopilots , but they are very expensive )
more self - managing systems in small helicopters so that a pilot is n't distracted monitoring carb heat , for example
additional sensors and computers providing advance warning of mechanical failures ( though only about 5 percent of Robinson crashes are mechanical - related )
The good news about helicopter safety is that it is largely under your control as the pilot .
If you want to cruise along for 25 miles skimming the ground 100 ' above obstacles and then land in your friend 's backyard , which is surrounded by powerlines and trees , you are asking for trouble .
If you take off and land at public airports and fly 500 ' above the terrain your risk is probably not that different from doing the same trip in a small airplane .
Experience with a particular aircraft or " time in type " is a huge contributor to safety ; nothing stops a pilot from bringing an instructor along for the first 100 hours in a new aircraft .
As with other kinds of flying , safety in a helicopter depends to a large extent on the ratio between a pilot 's level of confidence and level of skill .
More :
Books
Rotorcraft Flying Handbook by the FAA is as good a textbook as any ( free online in PDF format from faa.gov )
by the FAA is as good a textbook as any ( free online in PDF format from faa.gov ) Principles of Helicopter Flight is the next step up in terms of the aerodynamics
is the next step up in terms of the aerodynamics
Art of the Helicopter , by John Watkinson , one of the world 's best technical writers , is great for understanding the mechanical systems ( not necessary if you want an FAA license , but interesting for gearheads )
, by John Watkinson , one of the world 's best technical writers , is great for understanding the mechanical systems ( not necessary if you want an FAA license , but interesting for gearheads ) Chickenhawk by Robert Mason , the classic non-fiction account of helicopter life in Vietnam
by Robert Mason , the classic non-fiction account of helicopter life in Vietnam Coming Back Alive by Spike Walker wo n't help you pass the checkride , but it is inspiring reading about some of the world 's best and bravest helicopter pilots rescuing fishermen off the coast of Alaska
by Spike Walker wo n't help you pass the checkride , but it is inspiring reading about some of the world 's best and bravest helicopter pilots rescuing fishermen off the coast of Alaska CW2 by Layne Heath ; about a pilot who served two tours in Vietnam by a pilot who served two tours in Vietnam
Jobs
Buying a Helicopter
If you 're quasi-rich , the best helicopter is a fuel - injected Robinson R44 Raven II with air conditioning .
If you 're poor , you probably do n't want a kit helicopter .
What you want is a 4 - or 5 - way partnership in a Robinson R22 .
A small helicopter is n't like an airplane .
You usually take it out only for an hour or two on a local trip , which makes it very easy to share and scheduling conflicts among partners are unlikely .
Splitting insurance and hangar costs 4 or 5 ways brings down the total cost of ownership and flying to perhaps $ 10,000 per year .
I have purchased several factory - new R44s between 2006 and the present from Andres Kerllenevich at Old City Helicopters .
Another good source for new Robinsons is Candise Tu at Civic Helicopters in Carlsbad , California .
It is best to buy from a local dealer when possible because the labor warranty is valid only at the dealer where you purchased the ship .
Traveling with a Helicopter
Hope for the Future ?
The fundamentals of range and payload can't be improved without an improvement in engine technology .
For the R22 , Robinson uses a Lycoming O - 360 engine , a 50 - year - old design that weighs close to 300 lbs and requires high - octane leaded Avgas .
The Thielert / Centurion 1.7 engine used in European versions of the Diamond Star DA40 and all versions of the Diamond Twin DA42 seems to offer some promise .
At 295 lbs. , this adaptation of a Mercedes car diesel engine weighs about the same as the Lycoming O - 360 but is more efficient in terms of power per pound of fuel consumed .
Furthermore , the Thielert engine is simpler to operate ( no carb heat or mixture control ) and turbonormalized up to 12,000 ' .
The net result of using an aerodiesel engine could be a helicopter with longer range and much better performance in the mountains .
Sadly the current
Thielert engine can't match the O - 360 for peak power at sea level and therefore would not be capable of hovering at the same gross weight .
An autopilot is 95 percent software and computer power and 5 percent sensors and actuators .
The latest Japanese mobile phones have more computing power than the autopilots in a lot of certified - for - IMC helicopters .
You'd think therefore that there would be some hope of an inexpensive helicopter autopilot one day .
Given the conservatism of the industry , the limited number of potential sales , and the Byzantine bureaucracy of the FAA , however , it is probably safe to say that it we 'll reach the year 2020 before an inexpensive autopilot is available in a certified helicopter .
Helicopter Lessons in Panama
Panama has a dry season from late December through April that they call " summer " .
Expect sunny , hot , windy weather , turbulence through the mountains , and waking up at 0500 if you want to find wind calm enough to solo .
The rest of the year is the rainy season or " winter " .
Expect overcast skies , heat and stifling humidity , calm winds , and Biblical rains during the afternoon .
Miscellaneous Scary
Things
Robinson R22 Pilot's Guide
If you throw the battery and alternator out of your cheap little airplane while in flight your magneto - ignited piston engine still runs .
Moreover , all of the gauges that you need to fly and land safely in clear weather conditions will still operate .
If something bad happens to the electrical system in the R22 you lose the engine and rotor tachometers .
You also presumably lose the engine speed governor .
Your engine still runs but now you have to manually adjust engine speed without any information from the gauges .
Swan refers to this as " a very dangerous flight condition " and , when it happened to me during the 200th hour of my flight training , while doing a 180 - autorotation on the Big Island of Hawaii in preparation for my CFI - H checkride , it was indeed quite frightening .
More
recommended helicopter flight schools
the Aviation Question and Answer Forum
Rotorway , the most popular kit helicopter , which is more advanced in some ways than the R22 ; about $ 65,000 ; practice your autorotation skills on nearly every flight , whether you want to or not ...
Robinson , makers of 800 helicopters per year , more than the rest of the industry combined
Schweizer , makers of 12 helicopters per year , a design from the 1950s
Eurocopter , the most advanced light turbine helicopters
Bell , the 206 first flew in 1962 and they 'll be happy to sell you a newly built one today ( but most people buy Eurocopters ) ; everyone loves the 407
MD Helicopters , which blow air out the tail boom instead of having a vulnerable tail rotor
Sikorsky , the inventors of the helicopter and the leaders in really huge fast helicopters
philg@mit.edu
Reader 's Comments
Paid for 3 hours of tuition in a Schweizer / Hughes in the UK ( Biggin Hill , near London ) .
Great fun , but not cheap at 500 quid ( 800 dollars ? ) , and this was a special offer .
Absolutely loved the experience .
Within a minute of starting up , I had control of one control , gradually moving up to all controls within about another minute or so !
Absolutely superb .
Instructor was rather dismissive of the R - 22 and research at time seemed to show that the Hughes was safer .
But far too expensive to do in the UK , and the UK is far too busy .
Highlight was an hours flight around the South - East coast , Dover , Kent , seeing Southend and then back .
I did all the flying and observation while the ( slightly inexperienced or very trusting ) instructor worked out the heights required and what we had to avoid ( prisons etc - they get nervous about low flying ' copters ) .
Great moment as a Gipsy Moth did aerobatics just to my left , and below me .
Great experience , only hope I get rich one day .
-- Rob Allright , November 25 , 2003
If you have n't gotten your rotor license yet , you might want to check out www.kdhelicopters.com and see about possibly taking some lesson's with Kim Darst .
She 's one of the best helicopter pilot's in the U.S.
If you want to know more check out http://women-in-aviation.com/cgi-bin/links/detail.cgi?ID=517 for her full biography .
Happy hovering !!
-- Mike Valentin , March 28 , 2004
Being a certified Canadian Commercial Helicopter pilot type-rated on both the RH22 and Bell 206 , I 'd just like to add my 2 cents : Helicopters ( like any other aircraft ) are only dangerous for those who fail to respect their parameters and the environment in which they fly .
Helo pilots are trained to react quickly , knowing full well the capabilities and demands of their aircraft .
( Something an airline pilot in a fixed - wing " heavy " near MGTOW will identify with around V1 speeds .... ) :D
If you 're hoping for a ' turn your mind off / take a drive in the sky ' experience , then yes , you 're * definitely * headed for trouble in a helicopter .
You * cannot * trim a helo in 3 axes and gaze idly out the windshield .
( Not recommended , even if you do have an autopilot / co - pilot ! ) :)
An engine failure ( and subsequent autorotation ) is , however , far less stressful in a helicopter than an engine failure in a fixed - wing aircraft .
Why ?
Your ability to trade vertical & horizontal speed against rotor rpm gives you a greater selection of landing places .
No need for a long straight path with unobstructed glideslope !
That tennis court !
Or that parking lot !
Maybe even that little field !
Also , the lower final vertical & horizontal speeds associated with an autorotation assure you that if you even dent or roll the craft over when landing , you 're better off than the fellow who stuffs his Piper Cherokee into the scenery at 60 knots . :)
( On a more flippant ( but equally valid note ) :
You 'll also not have enough time to worry or doubt yourself .
From " engine - failure ! " to autorotation to " good stuff ! perfect landing ! " takes about 30 seconds in an R22 , presuming an initial altitude of 1 000 feet AGL .
You 're sharp ?
you 're alert ?
then you 're alive .
I do n't know about you , but if my motor snuffed it , I 'd want to be on the ground in one piece as soon as possible ... ) :D
Okay , so now you know , helos are the greatest thing since the invention of the aerofoil .
So why do so many pilots crash and burn ?
Well , the greatest danger with helicopters ( like EVERY other craft ) is not the craft itself .
It 's the pilot and the choices he makes / the environment he operates in .
If you 're doing vertical reference flying ( ie. flying with an external load ) around powerlines in the fog when near max gross weight , then yes , your risk factor does goes up .
Like everything else in life , all manoeuvres should be weighed for " risk vs. time of exposure " .
That said , far too many pilots take this lightly and put themselves deliberately in harm 's way .
The vert .
ref. pilot mentioned above has weighed the odds and has his thumb hovering on the winch release in case he needs to jettison the load .
If only every pilot were so responsible .
With Wagner 's " Ride Of The Valkyries " in their head , too many fly ridiculously low , with no justification whatsoever .
They buzz crowds and be a nuisance ( face it , most people see helos as blenders just waiting to puree unsuspecting bystanders . )
The joyriding pilots perform low - G pushovers in teetering - rotor designs ( like the Robinsons and nearly every Bell made ) and encounter ' mast bumping ' .
They get themselves in vortex ring state by descending at the same speed as their downwash ( therefore net lift = 0 ) .
And the list goes on .
One of my long - ago instructors neglected to perform a proper pre-flight inspection and plowed in , taking the mechanic with him .
Another took off at night in inclement weather up north and was n't found for a year , and even then only by accident .
( Needless to say , he was n't alive . )
These were all men with experience .
What did them in was n't the machine per se , it was their lack of judgement .
This is the true killer , no matter what you fly .
( How many of you would scud run in a Gee Bee replica over unfamiliar terrain ? )
I hope that those of you I 've not bored to tears with this entry have got something out of it .
:D
Should you have any questions / comments / feedback , feel free . :)
Keith Helwig .
-- Keith Helwig , August 12 , 2004
I have recently started training to fly helicopter 's using the R22 .
I have held a commercial fixed wing ( light aircraft ) in both NZ and Australia but both are lapsed some years now .
The desire to fly helicopters has been a " disease " that has been with me since I was 4 years old ( now 41 ) .
My fixed wing experience allowed me to concentrate more on actually flying the aircraft as opposed to trying to take in instruments , radio etc .
Having said that there are several points against my fixed wing flying experience - there appears to be a less reliance on instruments than in fixed wing .... I 'm slowly learning not to cheat by setting attitude via instruments : )
Is it good ?
Oooooooooh
Yes - there is absolutely nothing like it .
If you have a passion for fying then helicopters have to be the ultimate flying you can do .
I enjoy the R22 - but then I have nothing to compare it to .
Is it dangerous ?
Like any aircraft they certainly have the potential to be dangerous .
Concentration required between flying fixed wing and rotary is huge - Fixed wing aircraft can be trimmed out in straight and level flight and ( not advised ) can be left to saunter off in the direction they are pointed with no hands ( or very little ) required from the pilot ( well , on a calm day :) ) -
Helicopters require full pilot input at all times .
Once the machine is live you need full concentration .
Know everything about your machine - you can never know enough .
Is it expensive ?
Well let me answer that with a question - does anyone have a spare kidney they could give me to sell off for flight hours :)
We 're paying around US $ 280 an hour in the R22 .
The Hughes 300 ( Schweizer ) is more expensive but by how much I do n't know .
In NZ we need to do 50 hours for PPL and I think it 's another 100 hours ( it may be 150 hours ) for CPL .
Because of the mountainous country here there is a certain number of mountain flying training required both in PPL and CPL .
I 'd like to exit on a light note and say that if you want to fly then fly a real aircraft and go helicopters .
-- Marc Angelo , June 21 , 2005
After learning about some people who have flown their RotorWay helicopters on 5,000 mile trips , I decided to take my RotorWay on a cross cousntry trip of only 1,300 miles .
I knew that from flying an R22 that I would definitely prefer flying the RotorWay over the R22 anytime , but was not at all sure how well and reliable mine would be on a long trip .
I had added a Lowrance 2000C GPS to the RotorWay , and that , with its FADEC system , I found the trip to be easy , and the helicopter to be a stable and reliable platform .
Many people had told me that they thought that flying a helicopter was very tiring , but I have to say that I was not very tired even when flying all day .
In fact , it took only a light touch on the cyclic and collective and peddle inputs were minimal on the entire flight .
My one maintenance item was after about 1,000 miles it was necessary to tighten the drive belts to the secondary , but outside of that the machine just flew uneventfully .
On several legs where winds aloft showed tail winds available , I climbed to 3,500 ' and enjoyed 137 MPH ground speed according to the GPS .
My conclusion is that cross country helicopter trips are not only a joy , but a great way to travel distances , and would encourage others to do so .
And , though I have not taken really long trips , I anticipate trips in it of several thousand miles in the future .
-- Jim Rapier , November 2 , 2005
I have owned both a R - 22 and R - 44 and have flown both on 10 to 20 day long trips my favorite being from San Diego to Alaska if any body would like to see pictures please e-mail me .
-- Todd Peters , September 13 , 2011
The thing I found to be the biggest help is moving your head for every input of the controls .
If you pull up on the collective move your head up .
If you put a left pedal in turn your head left .
I found this to be helpful with the lag created by not being hard attached to the flying wing .
When flying an airplane your inputs happen as fast as you move the controls .
With helicopters there is a momentary delay causing people to input more , and then having to over correct because of it .
Then the whole thing repeats , the input lags the student adds more , and you end up chasing the aircraft all over the place .
When you move your head it gives the sensation of instant change for the input .
I call this ( flying with your head ) .
Fly the rotor , not the cockpit .
Thanks for reading Mick O'Brien
-- Mick O'Brien , January 21 , 2015
Amazing Group of Helicopters Landing https://youtu.be/qSQzAOPv5JU
-- J Olesen , April 29 , 2015
