Arizona ’s controversial anti-immigrant law was written by a lawyer at the legal arm of the Federation for American Immigration Reform ( FAIR ) , which the Southern Poverty Law Center has listed as an anti-immigrant hate group since 2007 .
The law , a recipe for racial profiling , would make the failure to carry immigration documents a crime and give the police broad power to detain anyone suspected of being in the country illegally .
( See statement by SPLC Legal Director Mary Bauer . )
Kris Kobach , the author of the Arizona law and a lawyer at FAIR ’s Immigration Reform Law Institute , has been the prime mover behind numerous ordinances that seek to punish those who aid and abet “ illegal aliens , ” including laws adopted in Farmer ’s Branch , Texas , and Hazelton , Pa .
The laws have not done well and have cost some localities immense sums of money to defend .
Recently , the city of Albertville , Ala. , refused to work with Kobach on just such an ordinance , reportedly because of the high legal costs incurred by these other communities .
Before joining FAIR , Kobach served as U.S. Attorney General John Ashcroft ’s top immigration adviser .
He then moved on to take charge of Department of Justice efforts to tighten border security after the 9/11 attacks .
There , he developed a program — the National Security Entry - Exit Registration System — that called for close monitoring of men from Arab and Muslim nations , even legal U.S. residents .
The program collapsed due to complaints of racial profiling and discrimination .
Given Kobach ’s history with racial profiling , it is particularly alarming that he was tapped by Maricopa County , Ariz. , Sheriff Joe Arpaio in February to train his officers .
A federal grand jury investigation is under way amid a slew of complaints that Arpaio used racial profiling techniques to round up suspected undocumented immigrants .
The grand jury is also reportedly looking at whether Arpaio used his office to target political opponents .
FAIR ’s poison is now spreading .
Legislation similar to Arizona ’s has been introduced in Texas , and six other states are considering doing so .
It ’s not surprising to find a group like FAIR behind this repugnant law .
FAIR has an extensive track record of racism and bigotry .
The group , for example , has accepted $ 1.2 million from the racist Pioneer Fund , a foundation established to promote the genes of white colonials and fund studies of race , intelligence and genetics .
FAIR has employed key staffers who have also joined white supremacist groups ; it has board members who write regularly for hate publications ; it promotes racist conspiracy theories about Latino immigrants ; and it has produced television programming featuring white nationalists .
FAIR has been dominated for much of its life by its racist founder and current board member , John Tanton , who has written that “ for European - American society and culture to persist requires a European - American majority , and a clear one at that . ”
Tanton ’s role model for FAIR is John Trevor Sr. , founder of the racist American Coalition of Patriotic Societies and a key architect of the racially restrictive Immigration Act of 1924 .
Trevor also distributed pro-Nazi propaganda and warned shrilly of “ diabolical Jewish control ” of America .
Tanton once said Trevor should serve as FAIR ’s “ guidepost to what we must follow again this time . ”
FAIR ’s president , Dan Stein , has warned that immigrants are engaged in “ competitive breeding ” aimed at diminishing white power .
He led efforts to win funding from the Pioneer Fund , saying in 1993 that his “ job [ was ] to get every dime of Pioneer ’s money . ”
Stein also served as editorial adviser to Tanton ’s hate journal , The Social Contract , at a time when it ran its ugliest edition ever , “ Europhobia : The Hostility Toward European - Descended Americans . ”
The issue ’s lead article argued that multiculturalism was replacing “ successful Euro - American culture ” with “ dysfunctional Third World cultures . ”
Stein has declined to offer any criticism of FAIR ’s founder , instead characterizing Tanton last September as a “ Renaissance man . ”
The principal sponsor of the Arizona law , state Sen. Russell Pearce , has his own history of hate .
In 2006 , Pearce forwarded an email to his supporters from the neo -Nazi National Alliance titled “ Who Rules America ? ”
The article criticized the media for promoting multiculturalism and racial equality , and for presenting the Holocaust as fact .
More recently , Pearce has been photographed hugging J.T. Ready , a Phoenix - area resident who is a member of the neo -Nazi National Socialist Movement .
This week , local street harassment blog Holla Back DC recorded two incidents of street harassment by local firefighters .
In the year that Holla Back has been publicizing sexual harassment in the District , the blog has aired plenty of stories of harassment originating from the District ’s men in uniform .
In honor of this dubious occasion , I ’ve collected the stories submitted to Holla Back about those firefighters , police officers , security guards , deliverymen , and bus drivers who are comfortable hollering at women while representing the D.C. government — - or UPS .
* Harassment by firefighter :
As I was looking down the street at oncoming traffic , a fire engine drove by .
It was not on its way to an emergency , as its lights and siren were n’t on and they were driving at a somewhat slow speed .
However , they honked their loud siren at me and started cheering out of the window .
This was of course just as my fiance was walking out of the ATM .
He was offended that men in uniform would do that , and to tell you the truth , it made me feel like common street trash and that they treated me like a hooker .
—-
A few weeks ago , I was walking my dog past Dunbar High School across from the fire station .
It was one of the particularly beautiful days we ’ve had this Spring , and a group of all male firefighters was sitting on lawn chairs outside .
A couple of the firefighters hollered at me from across the busy street , but I could n’t understand their exact words because of the traffic .
When I ( reluctantly ) glanced over , it was clear from their leering and the lack of any other pedestrians in the vicinity that they were targeting me .
I understand they wanted to enjoy the nice day out , and evidently they were n’t busy fighting any fires , but their behavior toward me was unprofessional .
I wanted to enjoy my time outside , too .
Instead I felt uncomfortable and the need to get away
* Harassment by U.S. Capitol police officer :
when I came upstairs , one of the capitol police guys started asking me a bunch of questions about myself .
At first I thought he was just doing his job , or being friendly .
But then he asked me for a number .
I attempted to excuse myself , but I did n’t feel free to totally blow him off because he was a police officer .
He persisted in “ can I get to know you ? ” and “ next time you ’re in town , you can stay at my house , ” and “ you ’re so beautiful , ” and “ you know , I could take very good care of you , and you could take care of me [ implying sex ] . ”
Finally , I told him that I date women , not men … that ’s not actually true , but I thought it would be a way to excuse myself without hurting his pride .
His response was “ really ?
Well , maybe I can turn you back . ”
That has to be the most offensive thing he could have said .
He also suggested that we could take a bath together , and that he could wash me .
This went on for at least 15 minutes — - if he ’d been some loser on the street , or a rent - a - cop , I totally would have left , but I was afraid to piss off a capitol officer , so I put up with the bullshit until finally I told him that I would think about calling him , and he put his number into my palm .
I was actually a bit threatened / frightened by the incident , because he was a police officer , and very persistent , and sexually explicit right off the bat .
I hate that shit !
* Harassment by uniformed officer :
The other night my roommate and I were going to a club together .
We had both never been to the place before and were n’t really familiar with the area so we were looking a little ‘ distraught ’ .
As we were passing a street corner we spoted a few police officers or security guard looking men .
So , being 2 girls alone we decided to cross over to their side of the street .
However , as we cross over we hear an onslaught of sexual remarks .
“ Hey baby where are you going tonight ?
You sure look sexy in that skirt ! ”
We did n’t really think much of it – beyond the fact that it was annoying - until we realized who it was who was saying these things .
It was none other then those officers / security guards we were going towards !
We both walked past them as quickly as possible .
It was one of the most ironic situations !
* Harassment by security guard :
Tonight I left my gym ( 13th and F NW ) and hurried down the street to catch my bus home .
I was walking and texting , and I noticed a uniformed guard standing outside a building up ahead .
As I passed , he said loudly , “ Hey yo , can I get a text too ? ” I kept my head down and ignored him ; I had a long day at work and I was tired .
I always feel somewhat defeated when someone in uniform ( guard , police officer ) says something or leers at me .
I suppose it ’s because they ’re supposed to protect us and make us feel safe .
—-
Then there ’s the evening security guard at my office building who , if nobody else happens to be in the lobby , will carry on with the , “ Hey sexy , how are you ?
I like that dress , you look fine .
Give me a smile , girl .
I watched you walk all the way down the street the other day , ” until I ’m out of the building .
This happens several times a week .
* Harassment by UPS employee :
After getting my free ice cream from Ben & Jerry ’s , at M & 31st I had to crouch down to pull my umbrella out of my bag since it started raining .
A UPS driver was waiting at the light , and he had to say something to me : “ Ooh , girl !
You do n’t need to finish that all by yourself ! ”
Ugh !
This man did not give a damn about his job .
When I told him that it was tacky and classless for him to hit on me in uniform , he started cracking up .
Oh yes , sexual harassment is funny !
( obvious sarcasm ) .
I am never one who takes harassment lightly , be it from a citizen or someone in uniform representing a company . . .
I did get the UPS driver ’s license plate number : Maryland plates 21S 925 .
As soon as I got home I called UPS to report him , and the woman who took the info down was so sympathetic and apologetic and said she ’d have someone get in touch with me in the morning .
Ladies , do n’t let these men get away with harassment , and never feel bad about these men getting in trouble at work if you report them .
If they cared about having jobs they would n’t feel the need to do this in the first place .
* Harassment by bus driver :
This may sound silly to people , but this makes me uncomfortable .
There ’s this driver of the 38B that goes through Georgetown around 5:40 in the evenings , and when we board the bus , he completely ignores everyone else but says “ Hi , howya doin ’ ? ” to me .
Then he stares at me a little too long for my taste .
I have no problem saying “ hi ” to a bus driver if s/he says “ hi ” first — I do it frequently and thank them when I get off the bus .
. . .
One time I did n’t respond to his “ hi , ” and he gives a huge sigh and mumbles something under his breath .
I do n’t know why this driver is so desperate to get my attention .
If it ’s for what I think it is , then sorry man , I ’m not interested in you like that .
My only interest in you is for you to get me to my destination safely .
—-
i never bothered to complain when this one bus driver would harrass me .
if they cant even get their shit together to get my bus on schedule , how much faith do i have in them following up on dirty and corrupt employees ?
BUT it ’s time to take a stand and hold them accountable !
* Harassment by parking attendant :
I was not being harassed , but I saw a young woman approaching me walking toward the garage in a professional dress .
There were two men standing at the entrance to the garage , one wearing a PMI hat and appeared to be the attendant .
The other man was wearing a light green button up shirt .
The men cat - called and said things loudly in a language I could not understand ( but the intent was clear ) while pointing and turning their bodies to follow the path of the young woman , who ignored them .
Even in uniform , no respect .
File your experiences with uniformed street harassment in the comments .
Here ’s mine .
Photo via NCinDC , Creative Commons Attribution License 2.0
As you ’ve probably noticed , over the weekend I created The Right Tool , for discovering how we describe programming languages .
In response to massive amounts of data and feedback I ’ve thrown together some pages for seeing the results of which statements describe which languages well .
There ’s one set for which statements match a given language and one for how well each language matches a given statement .
The method I ’m using is straightforward enough , but quite neat .
It ’s an adaptation of a method from “ Rank Aggregation methods For The Web , by Dwork , Kumar , Naor and Sivakumar ” which they refer to as MC4 .
I ’ve modified it to better take into account shades of grey and to be more resilient to rare events .
It belongs to a general class of scoring mechanisms based on Markov Chains .
Google ’s pagerank is an instance of these .
Essentially what you do is define a Markov chain on the things you want to score .
You try to arrange it so that transitions to good nodes are more likely than transitions to bad nodes .
You then find the stationary distribution for this markov chain ( the long - term probability of being at a particular node ) .
The idea is that if transitions to good nodes are more likely than transitions to bad nodes , the nodes which you spend more time in are more likely to be good .
These probabilities then form a measure of what you are trying to rank .
So , that ’s all very well , but how do we decide what markov chain to define ?
In MC4 the markov chain is defined as following :
When at node A , pick a node at random .
If the majority of people agree that that node is better than this one , transition there .
Else stay where you are .
This has a couple of problems .
The first is this :
How do we decide what constitutes “ the majority of people ” ?
A flat out majority is very sensitive to small numbers of voters :
If only one person ranked both of two languages and ranked it the “ wrong ” way , we ’re still going to treat it as better .
I tried various things to make this work :
One was just a lower bound on the number of votes we counted , one was modelling as a Bernoulli trial and requiring N ( for N = 1 or 2 . 1 seemed to work slightly better ) standard deviations above average .
It all felt a bit arbitrary though .
The second problem was shades of grey :
It makes absolutely no distinction between language A being a lot better than language B and language A being slightly better than language B .
As well as creating weird biases , this results in the method being very bad at getting the tail right :
You get a lot of languages which everyone thinks are the pits , and they all get assigned a score of 0 , so there ’s no way to distinguish between them .
It happened that the approximation I was using somewhat mitigated this , but it was still a bit annoying .
So I ’ve modified the chain definition as follows : First pick a language B at random .
Now consider the probability of language B beating A in a comparison , and jump to B with that probability , else stay at A .
This means that when there ’s only a slight benefit to B over A the score of B is only slightly higher than that of A , because we ’ve still got a decent chance of transitioning back ( it turns out that with only two languages A and B in the chain where B beats A with probability p we assign a score of p to B and 1 – p to A ) .
One final refinement : Obviously we do n’t know the “ true ” probability of B beating A , so we have to estimate that from the data .
The way I ’ve done this is a very simple weighted bayesian average .
We estimate it as ( 0.5 * N + Number of times B beat A ) / ( N + number of times B and A were compared ) , where N is some number representative of how hard we are to convince of a probability ( I think I currently have it set to 5 ) .
For very small samples we ’re artificially forcing it closer to half , and even for larger samples we ’re never allowing it to quite hit 0 or 1 .
That ’s about it .
We now have these probabilities .
The ranking is then simply defined by ordering from highest to lowest probability .
This seems to work pretty well .
I do n’t have good metrics in place , but the lists it ’s generating “ feel ” better than any of the previous incarnations , and it ’s conceptually pleasing .
It also appears to be quite spam resistant , which is a nice touch .
“ THIS is undoubtedly the biggest advance in mortality measurement in four decades ! ”
Thus Alan Lopez of the University of Queensland , in Australia , trumpeted the virtues of a study on trends in infant death that was presented to a gathering of health experts in Washington , DC , this week .
Though Dr Lopez is not exactly a neutral observer , as he was both a participant in the study and one of the authors of the resulting paper , which was published on May 24th by the Lancet , his hyperbole is excusable .
The paper proclaims good news on three fronts .
It concludes that there are around 1 m fewer deaths each year of children under the age of five than previous work had indicated ( see chart ) .
It advances statistical techniques that appear to be better than earlier approaches at exposing trends in mortality , especially when the underlying data are dodgy .
And its authors suggest a way of analysing data that seems a robust alternative to the top - down , politicised approach typically employed in the bureaucracies that make so many of the decisions to do with global health .
So were those authors hailed as conquering heroes at the conference in Washington ?
Not quite .
The room was full of experts from precisely the sort of health bureaucracies , ranging from United Nations agencies and government ministries to their myriad consultants and hangers - on , that the authors of the paper criticise .
Not all of the gathered panjandrums were won over by the study 's claims of fewer deaths , better methods and more openness .
Take these in turn to see why .
Totalitarians , regress !
The most important claim is that the number of infants dying each year around the world has dropped from 11.9 m in 1990 to roughly 8 m in 2008 ( and is projected to be 7.7 m in 2010 ) .
That contrasts with a study released last year by UNICEF , the United Nations ' children 's fund , which estimated that the fall was from 12.5 m in 1990 to 8.8 m in 2008 .
Those 8 m deaths are still far too many , of course , but it is surely cause for celebration that infant mortality appears to have fallen by over a third during the past two decades .
Even in sub-Saharan Africa , say the authors , “ there is evidence of accelerating declines from 2000 to 2010 compared with 1990 to 2000 . ”
And health officials and activists did celebrate the news of fewer deaths , at least publicly — but some are quietly grumbling .
They worry that this revision of the statistics will lead a confused public to question all mortality data , as happened when the numbers for AIDS were revised downward in 2007 .
They fret that the problem will thus seem less of a crisis and that this will make it harder to raise money .
The second reason for cheer offered by the paper — superior statistical methods — is also challenged by some .
The underlying data from many countries are missing or unreliable , so it is accepted practice for number - crunchers to use computer modelling to fill in the blanks .
However , the Institute for Health Metrics and Evaluation ( IHME ) at the University of Washington , which is home to several of the paper 's authors , argues that the methods used by official agencies are antiquated and flawed .
Instead , the authors of the new paper employ a technique called Gaussian process regression ( GPR ) , which is not commonly used in the field of global health , but which they believe is more accurate , to plug the gaps and make the forecasts .
Predictive modelling will never be as valuable as lots of boots on the ground collecting reliable data , of course .
And proud as he is of GPR , Christopher Murray , the head of the IHME , acknowledges that it accounts for only a third of the explanation for his study 's striking results .
Better data , he says , make up the other two - thirds of the story .
For one advantage the authors had over their predecessors was the fruits of a flurry of investment in measuring mortality that was spurred by the promulgation in 2000 of the UN's Millennium Development Goals .
This is a set of objectives for the reduction of poverty and its associated ills , that UN members have agreed to try to achieve by 2015 .
But how good are those data , really ?
Kenneth Hill , a demographer at the Harvard School of Public Health , applauds the “ impressive job ” done by the paper 's authors in compiling information from diverse sources .
However , he is troubled that much of the drop in mortality recorded is the result of changes in the figures for a mere half - dozen countries .
These include Afghanistan , Angola , Congo and Nigeria , which Dr Hill suggests produce health data that are , at best , inconclusive .
He argues that “ to state conclusions so strongly , and to criticise other agencies so forcefully , a much stronger evidentiary base is required . ”
Dr Murray , however , insists the data from the countries in question are valid , and so too are his paper 's conclusions .
New model army
And what of the fancy statistical tools ?
Eduard Bos , a population expert at the World Bank , is unimpressed .
He recalls that the IHME team made similarly grand claims when its previous study on child mortality was unveiled in 2007 .
That work also used a novel statistical approach ( known as the Loess method ) to analyse data , but he points out that its conclusions now appear even more incorrect than rival studies done by UN agencies .
“ Modelling is extremely unlikely to be the answer to better data , ” he concludes .
Nonsense , says Dr Murray .
He thinks there is a methods revolution under way in the field , but argues that most of the statistics experts at official agencies and governments “ are 20 years out of date ” .
As the former data guru for the World Health Organisation , he accepts that he is also guilty of this sin ( he did not even know what GPR was until a few years ago ) , but he now compensates for the omission by hiring young statistical wizards .
Julie Rajaratnam , one of these wunderkinder and the lead author of the new paper , says her team tested GPR 's predictive value in various ways — by , for example , withholding from the analysis the last ten years of data in every country with at least 20 years of data , and by withholding 20 % of the surveys of individual countries — in order to see how well the missing values were predicted .
On every measure , the Gaussian approach proved better than the alternatives .
That exercise points to the most provocative aspect of this paper .
The IHME believes that scientific journals and official agencies should adopt rigorous vetting methods of predictive power , such as the 20 % tests and decadal - withholding exercises .
This flies in the face of the traditional approach by which most UN agencies develop the official numbers for indicators of health in consultation , often secretive , with member governments .
That helps explain why IHME , since its founding in 2007 with money from the Gates Foundation , has met with bitter resistance from the old guard of public health .
The new paper has already offended so many people that the Lancet plans to run half a dozen letters carrying “ outrageous critiques ” of it in early June .
In response , some of the speakers at the conference labelled the global health - information bureaucracy “ totalitarian ” , and only partly in jest .
Dr Murray argues that the best data and analyses must be embraced , even when they are inconvenient , if policies are to be shaped properly and resources allocated sensibly .
And this is what the study 's authors think they have done .
He observes , for example , that the conclusion that child mortality is falling fast in many parts of sub-Saharan Africa argues for more , not less , money for the successful programmes in those countries .
As the old saying among bureaucrats goes , he who controls the numbers commands the power .
With luck , that control is passing to people who are getting the numbers right .
Im ( noch ) aktuellen SPIEGEL 14/2010 gibt es auf Seite 18 einen Artikel „ Minister für Entwarnung “ , der erklären könnte , warum einige Unions - Abgeordneten sich weiter lautstark für Internet - Sperren aussprechen .
Der Artikel beschreibt den Wandel im Innenministerium von Wolfgang Schäuble zu Thomas de Maizière :
Kein CDU - Minister hat in der schwarz - gelben Koalition einen so radikalen Kurswechsel vollzogen wie de Maizière .
Schäuble war der Prototyp eines konservativen Ressortchefs , stets hatte er ein offenes Ohr für die Nöte des Sicherheitsapparats .
Sein Credo war das von Law and Order . [ … ]
De Maizière dagegen wirkt wie ein Minister für Entwarnung .
In der Union ist aber gleichzeitig innerparteilicher Widerstand gegen den Kurswechsel zu spüren , der auch schon in anderen Bereichen stattgefunden hat :
Die Traditionalisten in der Union hielten es von Anfang an für einen Fehler , dass Merkel in der Innenpolitik auch noch die letzte konservative Bastion räumt .
Sie hatten in den vergangenen Jahren ja schon erdulden müssen , wie die Parteichefin andere althergebrachte Überzeugungen der Union entsorgte .
Der Weg ging weg von der Hausfrau hin zu einem moderneren Frauenbild , beim Sozialstaat sehe ich die Union häufig näher bei der SPD als bei der FDP , und auch auf die Atomkraft würde die Kanzlerin langfristig verzichten .
Der SPIEGEL schreibt treffenderweise weiter :
Nur noch Sheriff Schäuble im Innenministerium erinnerte die Konservativen an die alte CDU .
Aber mit dem neuen Innenminister ist auch das vorbei .
Fraktionsintern brechen nun die Fronten auf , und einzelne Abgeordnete versuchen bei dem einen oder anderen Thema eine konservative Linie durchzusetzen .
Und ich denke , hier muss man auch die Äußerungen von Hans - Peter Uhl ( CSU ) –zum Beispiel in einem Gastkommentar für die FAZ ( siehe auch den Kommentar dazu bei Netzpolitik und „ Die Weiswursttheorie des Doktor Uhl “ ) – einordnen .
Ebenso andere Äußerungen aus der Union .
Da Internet - Sperren Unfug sind , wenn man sie zur Bekämpfung der Verbreitung von Darstellungen sexuellen Missbrauchs von Kindern ( „ Kinderpornografie “ ) einsetzen will , bleiben letztendlich nur zwei Möglichkeiten , warum Uhl weiter darauf beharrt :
Er will Sperrsysteme etablieren , um sie auch bei anderen Inhalten einzusetzen .
Es geht um die politische Positionierung .
Wenn alle anderen Parteien dagegen sind , dann muss wenigstens einer noch dafür sein .
Die erste Variante hat Uhl selbst ausgeschlossen .
Die Aussage ist klar und deutlich , und nehmen wir mal an , dass er es ernst meint .
Bleibt also nur die politische Positionierung .
Das Hochhalten der vermeintlich konservativen Fahne .
Und die innerparteiliche Opposition .
Das ist ein übliches Spiel .
Und man schafft sich damit Verhandlungsspielraum : „ OK , ich gebe hier nach , aber dafür musst Du da und dort nachgeben ! “ .
Für
Uhl dürfte es ein politisches
Thema wie jedes andere sein .
Noch steht eine Antwort aus , aber ich glaube nicht , dass er bzw .
seine Mitarbeiter es schaffen , eine andere sinnvolle Argumentation für Sperren zu finden .
Merkel hingegen will im Bereich der Netzpolitik nicht auf Konfrontation setzen , schreibt der SPIEGEL :
So will Merkel , dass sich die Partei mit der Internetgemeinde aussöhnt , die Schäuble mit seinem Gesetz zur Online - Durchsuchung verprellt hat .
Es war ja nicht nur Schäuble , und auch beim Thema Internet - Sperren soll Merkel mit dafür gesorgt hat , dass im Koalitionsvertrag eine Einigung mit der FDP zustande kam .
In Deutschland ist jetzt wohl eher Abwarten angesagt .
Dafür müssen wir auf EU - Ebene die gleiche Diskussion führen , die wir in den vergangenen 16 Monaten in Deutschland geführt haben .
Und auch da werden wir uns mit zwei verschiedenen Standpunkten auseinander setzen müssen :
Zum einen mit den Leuten , die tatsächlich glauben , mit Internet - Sperren irgendwas im Kampf gegen Kindesmissbrauch erreichen zu können .
Das hört sich auf den ersten Blick doch auch so gut an .
Zum anderen mit denjenigen , die sich vor allem aus politischen Gründen für Sperren aussprechen .
Die das
Thema nutzen wollen , um sich damit von anderen abzusetzen .
Das wird viel schwieriger , denn wenn es nicht um die Sache geht , kann man auch niemanden mit Sachargumenten überzeugen .
In response to 10 Signs of Speculative Mania in China " Panda " a Chinese , commented on the real estate bubble in China .
Panda Writes :
I am from China and I am shocked by the real estate bubble in China .
Housing in China now is more expensive than in the US , while salaries are way lower than in the US .
Housing is out of reach for most wage earners , and more than 80 % people in the past year bought houses as an investment .
The common belief is that Government will not let housing prices fall and that the supply of housing is too limited especially in Shanghai and Beijing for prices to fall .
Does this sound familiar ?
I am one of the few Chinese who believe the China housing price will crash , soon and hard .
Hi , Mish :
I would very much like to share my view of China real estate bubble with you .
Also please bear in mind China does not have property tax now .
There is talk about it , but no plan right now .
First , please let me introduce myself .
I was born in China , and got my Bachelor degree from Beijing University in 1999 .
Then , I went to Princeton University and got my Phd in Computer Engineering in 2004 .
After that , I have been working at an IT company in bay area .
Even though I have been living out of China for more than 10 years , I visit China regularly and contact my family on a weekly basis .
Hence , I have a good understanding of what is going on in China , and in US .
The real estate bubble in China is enormous , and even out of the control of government .
Here are a few questions and answers .
1 . How big is the real estate bubble ?
My home town is a second tier city with a population of around 1 million .
The average wage in the city is around $ 3500 / year .
Housing costs around $ 90 / sq - feet for a condo or apartment .
You do n't have much land for your home , and for even the small land belonging to you , you are only authorized to use it for 70 years .
The obvious question is what will happen after 70 years ?
It seems that nobody really cares : 70 years ago , China was fighting the invasion of Japan in world war II .
God only knows what will happen 70 years in the future .
And given the quality of the buildings , it is questionable whether or not the building can last 70 years anyway .
The average apartment ( 1000 sq feet ) will cost $ 90,000 .
This comparable with US condo prices in a second tier city .
The price / income ratio is 25.7 for a single buyer !
Even with a two - wage - earner family , the ratio is larger than 10 .
For Beijing and Shanghai , housing is much more expensive .
In Shanghai for example , the price for decent area is around 30000 - Yuan / sq-meter , i.e. , around $ 440 / sq - feet .
And yes , they are only condos / apartments .
Hence , a 1000sq feet apartment will cost around $ 440,000 .
Yet the average college graduate earns only $ 5500 / year .
How can they afford it ?
Short answer is they cannot .
For the few who managed to buy in recent years , they dipped into the life - time savings of their parents , or even grandparents .
One house deprived several generation 's wealth in this case .
2 . How did this happen ?
The most important reason is the local governments .
They heavily rely on the sale of real estate for their wasteful spending .
During boom times , they get huge amounts of money for selling the land , and thus increase government employee 's wages and compensations .
It is to their benefit to have a huge housing bubble , and they do everything they can to sustain the bubble .
Another important reason is the government - controlled companies .
These companies are a monopoly in China , and can easily get money from state - owned banks .
They co-operate with local governments to propel the housing price up .
These companies buy land from local governments at an insane price with the money borrowed from state - controlled banks .
The state controlled banks do not care about the risk taking .
If the money lent cannot be paid back , the central bank will just print money to clean the balance sheets of the state - owned banks .
China did that in the 90s , and they will do it again .
Construction companies also plays a role .
They get easy money from banks , and earn a fortune by selling over - priced housing to people .
Thus , the bubble is a result of corruption among local governments , banks , construction companies , combined with Chinese tradition .
Lastly , please note the Chinese mindset .
Chinese people love to buy houses .
In the cities , it is often a prerequisite for a Chinese man to buy a house before marrying a Chinese woman .
3 . What will happen ?
When I visited my hometown in 2009 , I drove around many empty buildings , which are completely dark at night , and could not help thinking how can this possibly end well .
The bubble will burst .
Government will print money to bail out banks .
4 . What will happen to China as a whole ?
On one hand , Chinese people are smart and hard working .
And they all believe there will be a bright future for them .
On the other hand , look at the huge bubble .
How can it possibly end well ?
If China has very bright future if it can learn from this .
Right now , however , my take is that in short term , China is likely to experience a depression .
" Panda "
For those keeping track at home , here 's how we 're doing on that whole future thing .
Tablets : Check !
Recreational mind control : Check !
Cars that interface with your phone for jaw - droppingly awesome feats of navigation : Almost !
Advertisement
The Tablets of Our Dreams Computers in movies look nothing like the beasts we lug around today .
They 're thin and light , a… Read more
When our blood brothers at Jalopnik saw the Chevy Volt 's remote - control apps in January — which will allow drivers to set their vehicle 's charging schedule , peruse its trip history , and even honk its horn — they dubbed it the " Jesus Car . "
Today the deal got even sweeter , with Chevy announcing Google Maps integration for the second phase of the app later this year .
Earth2 Tech got to check out the updated app and all of its new navigational tricks .
Advertisement
Here are a few of those tricks , in ascending order of awesome : using Google Maps on your phone to find your car in a crowded parking lot ; having a friend in a Chevy Volt pinpoint your ( phone 's ) location to pick you up ; searching for a location on your phone and having it waiting for you as a destination when you hop in your car .
I 'll bet you never thought that your little phone could make your big car so much smarter .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Chevy 's rolling the Volt out later this year with a first iteration of apps ; the Google - ified second phase will follow shortly there after .
Vroooom . [ Earth2Tech ]
Image via Jalopnik
A pair of key Senate Republicans urged President Obama on Sunday to pick someone from the judicial mainstream to succeed retiring Supreme Court Justice John Paul Stevens , and downplayed -- but did not rule out -- a filibuster to block a nominee they opposed .
Sen. Jeff Sessions ( R - Ala . ) , the ranking Republican on the Judiciary Committee , said a filibuster would be in the offing only if Obama picked “ a nominee that evidences a philosophy of ‘ judges know best , ’ that they can amend the Constitution by saying it has evolved . . . then we ’re going to have a big fight about that because the American people do n’t want that . ”
Jon Kyl of Arizona , the Senate ’s second - ranking Republican , said a filibuster could be “ easily avoided ” if Obama appointed someone with a conventional legal outlook .
Democratic Sen. Charles E. Schumer of New York , who appeared with Kyl on ABC ’s “ This Week , ” responded , “ It ’s just about a certainty that the president will nominate someone in the mainstream , so the likelihood of filibuster is tiny . ”
Stevens , 89 , announced his retirement Friday and will leave the court when its term ends in June or July .
Judiciary Committee Chairman Patrick J. Leahy ( D - Vt. ) , appearing on NBC ’s “ Meet the Press , ” said “ there ’s no question ” a new justice will be confirmed before the start of the court ’s fall term , when it begins hearing new cases .
Four possible nominees were discussed Sunday : Solicitor General Elena Kagan ; Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano ; Judge Diane Wood , who sits on the Chicago - based U.S. 7th Circuit Court of Appeals ; and Judge Merrick Garland of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit , which , after the Supreme Court , is considered the nation ’s most influential bench .
Kyl and Sessions declined to assess the acceptability of any of the four , though Kyl pronounced all of them at least nominally qualified .
The two Republicans ’ comments are likely to have little influence on Obama as he ponders his selection , said Trevor Parry - Giles , a communications professor at the University of Maryland and author of a book on the Supreme Court confirmation process .
“ I do n’t think they ’re going to give him an easy time of it , no matter who he picks , ” Parry - Giles said .
Choosing a Supreme Court justice “ has become a ritualized process ” in which early statements by opposition leaders like Kyl and Sessions are meant to galvanize their political base rather than advise the president , Parry - Giles said .
“ What they stated was sort of the obvious , ” he said .
“ You could have written the script before they said it . ”
Filibustering a Supreme Court nominee has emerged as a possibility since Democrats lost their 60 - seat supermajority with the January election of Sen. Scott Brown ( R - Mass . ) , but many observers consider it unlikely .
Stevens ’ departure would not alter the Supreme Court ’s conservative tilt , although he has exerted unusual influence within the nine - member panel .
That complicates the political calculations that go into making a selection , said Douglas Kendall of the liberal - leaning Constitutional Accountability Center .
Stevens is the leader of the court ’s liberal wing , a skilled opinion writer who is adept at forging alliances with other justices , including Anthony M. Kennedy , who frequently is the court ’s swing vote .
Obama “ should concentrate on finding someone who can fill at least some of those roles , not whether he can pick or avoid a fight , ” Kendall said .
azajac@tribune.com
Available immediately , Valve has launched an extensive update to Counter - Strike : Source , now in beta .
The update includes a host of new features and functionality developed in collaboration with Hidden Path Studios .
These include 144 new achievements , a new domination and revenge system , player stats , and more .
This beta will run for a limited time , and once complete , the update will be deployed to all Counter - Strike : Source owners for free via Steam .
Server admins may download the dedicated server files via the HLDSUpdateTool using " - game cssbeta " in the command line .
Doctors Say : “ Let ’s Give Heroin Addicts Heroin ”
For many heroin users , the best solution to their addiction is more heroin , according to British researchers .
Long - term heroin users who continued to use street heroin despite being on methadone programs were able to cut down and in some cases end their heroin use when given medical - grade heroin as part of a supervised program , a recent study found .
Test subjects — who had been using the drug for an average of 17 years — began taking steps towards finding employment and taking responsibility for their lives , according to the lead researcher .
“ This is a treatment for a severe group of heroin addicts that ordinary treatments have failed with , and the question we ’re answering is : ‘ Are these patients untreatable ? ' ” the study leader tells the BBC .
“ The very good news is that you can get these people on a constructive trajectory . ”
While the supervised heroin program costs more than other treatments , it ’s significantly cheaper than putting people in jail , he added .
NEWSER
In his latest Lunch with Dave note , Gluskin - Sheff 's David Rosenberg calls out the big paradox of the economy :
Well , there is such a thing as too much of a good thing .
U.S. productivity growth
moderated but not nearly as much as expected in Q1 ( remember , the pace of
economic activity moderated too ) — to a 3.6 % annual rate ( the consensus was
expecting 2.6 % ) versus 6.3 % in Q4 and 7.8 % in Q3 .
The message here is that
the recovery is being totally dominated by productivity with very little in the way
of labour input .
Of that 4.4 % rise in nonfarm business output in Q1 , 80 % was accounted for by
productivity growth , not far off what we saw in Q4 ( in the current cycle
productivity is accounting for nearly 100 % of output growth , compared to 50 % in
prior cycles going back to the early 1950s ) .
Real compensation per hour
stagnated in Q1 , and this followed outright declines the prior two quarters — a
whole series of other cash flow boosts from extended jobless benefits , to
strategic defaults and tax credits , are helping underpin consumption .
Organic
income growth is just not there because of all the slack in the jobs market — that
is so evident in these data .
Unit labour costs fell at a 1.6 % annual rate — the third decline in a row and down
now in 4 of the past 5 quarters ( - 3.7 % YoY ) .
This is the dominant factor affecting
the inflation backdrop .
Moreover , the price deflator for the corporate sector was
a mere +0.6 % at annual rate in Q1 and +0.1 % on a YoY basis .
In other words ,
the corporate sector , notwithstanding the profits rebound , which has been
centered more in financials than in industrials , is 10 basis points shy of outright
deflation .
Breaking !!
Drug War not Working
Steven L. Taylor · · 23 comments
Via the AP : AP IMPACT : US drug war has met none of its goals .
The entire piece is worth reading , but the intro paragraph sums up the situation :
After 40 years , the United States ’ war on drugs has cost $ 1 trillion and hundreds of thousands of lives , and for what ?
Drug use is rampant and violence even more brutal and widespread .
Judged on the basic criteria that the policy itself sets out , such as curtailing the amount of drugs available , as well as driving street price up to a point that users will abandon the products in question , the drug war has utterly failed .
I say this as someone who once thought the war on drugs was , at a minimum , a reasonable idea and also as one who , after studying it for some years now , ca n’t help but say that as a policy it is an utter and total failure that does nothing more than drain limited resources and cause havoc in its wake .
Fundamentally , Harvard University economist Jeffrey Miron is quite correct when he notes : " Current policy is not having an effect of reducing drug use , but it ’s costing the public a fortune . "
There are two fairly typical responses to pronouncements that the drug war has been a waste of money .
1 ) We have n’t spent enough !
It is not unusual for Drug Warriors to claim that the main reason that we have not yet seen success in the Drug War is because we simply have n’t spent sufficient amounts of cash as yet .
And yet , the numbers are n’t too convincing .
Here are a few :
• $ 20 billion to fight the drug gangs in their home countries .
In Colombia , for example , the United States spent more than $ 6 billion , while coca cultivation increased and trafficking moved to Mexico — and the violence along with it .
• $ 33 billion in marketing " Just Say No" - style messages to America ’s youth and other prevention programs .
High school students report the same rates of illegal drug use as they did in 1970 , and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention says drug overdoses have " risen steadily " since the early 1970s to more than 20,000 last year .
• $ 49 billion for law enforcement along America ’s borders to cut off the flow of illegal drugs .
This year , 25 million Americans will snort , swallow , inject and smoke illicit drugs , about 10 million more than in 1970 , with the bulk of those drugs imported from Mexico .
• $ 121 billion to arrest more than 37 million nonviolent drug offenders , about 10 million of them for possession of marijuana .
Studies show that jail time tends to increase drug abuse .
• $ 450 billion to lock those people up in federal prisons alone .
Last year , half of all federal prisoners in the U.S. were serving sentences for drug offenses .
At the same time , drug abuse is costing the nation in other ways .
The Justice Department estimates the consequences of drug abuse — " an overburdened justice system , a strained health care system , lost productivity , and environmental destruction " — cost the United States $ 215 billion a year .
It is difficult to accept the argument that a little more cash would solve the problem .
Indeed , one of the grand ironies of the entire process is that prohibition heavily incentivizes drug trafficking by increasing price , and thereby profits .
Indeed , the number that one really needs to understand to figure out why the drug war is unwinnable is as follows :
The $ 320 billion annual global drug industry now accounts for 1 percent of all commerce on the planet .
The drug war is n’t a war on addicts and traffickers , it is a war on supply and demand and the basic forces of the marketplace .
And if the US ’s drug fighting budgets is somewhere in the $ 15 billion , what chance does the policy have against a $ 320 billion business that can , for example , afford to lose huge amounts of product as part of the cost of doing business ?
2 ) Things would have been worse !
After all , if we had avoid this multi- decade policy , image what would have happened !
Indeed , the piece paraphrases former drug czar , John P. Walters of the Bush administration making that case .
Of course , a major problem with that position is that it is utterly hypothetical .
But really , what else can one say if one is a Drug Warrior ?
It would negate one ’s work to assert that it is a failure .
Indeed , Walters is quoted saying as much in the piece :
" To say that all the things that have been done in the war on drugs have n’t made any difference is ridiculous , " Walters said .
" It destroys everything we ’ve done .
It ’s saying all the people involved in law enforcment , treatment and prevention have been wasting their time .
It ’s saying all these people ’s work is misguided . "
The interesting thing about that quote is that it really is n’t a defense based on substance .
Rather , it is a defense based on the fact the intentions of the drug war are good ones and , darnit , people have worked really , really hard !
A lot more could ( and no doubt , will ) be said , but I will leave it at that for the moment and recommend the piece in its entirety .
New York
The most universally admired , widely emulated , eternally influential and consistently bowdlerized and degraded of all architects is Andrea Palladio , born Andrea di Pietro in Vicenza in 1508 , whose rise from simple stonecutter to master of the principles of classical antiquity made him the most celebrated builder of his time and forever thereafter .
His work and reputation have continued to resonate throughout the centuries and the world .
A ...
WASHINGTON — Congress on Thursday gave final approval to a package of changes to the Democrats ’ sweeping health care overhaul , capping a bitter partisan battle over the most far - reaching social legislation in nearly half a century .
The bill , which Democratic leaders hailed as a landmark achievement , now goes to President Obama for his signature .
“ The American people have waited for this moment for a century , ” the Senate majority leader , Harry Reid of Nevada , said at a news conference .
“ This , of course , was a health bill .
But it is also a jobs bill , an economic recovery bill , was a deficit - reduction bill , was an antidiscrimination bill .
It was truly a bill of rights .
And now it is the law of the land . ”
In a fitting finale to the yearlong health care saga , the budget reconciliation measure that included the final changes was approved first by the Senate and then by the House on a tumultuous day at the Capitol , as lawmakers raced to complete their work ahead of a two - week recess .
The only child of Jozsef Barsi and Maria Benko , Judith Eva Barsi beat 10,000 - to - 1 odds when she was discovered at a San Fernando Valley skating rink at age 5 1/2 in 1983 and mistaken for a three - year - old .
Her first commercial was for Donald Duck Orange Juice and she went on to appear in anywhere between fifty and a hundred commercials , several ...
No shoes but plenty of service :
The surprising features of the world 's top- performing schools .
Can you name a famous person in Finland ?
Historical episode ?
Imposing landmark ?
Foodstuff ?
It ’s not that Finland does n’t have its share of Olympic athletes , brilliant architects , and technology moguls , but “ Nokia ” is all most people can mutter when asked about this small northern nation .
Unless you ’re a teacher .
Then the word “ Finland ” fills you with awe .
Because everyone in the schooling profession knows that Finland is the international all - star of education .
In 2006 the Programme for International Student Assessment ( PISA ) conducted a survey of 15 - year - olds ’ academic skills from 57 nations .
Finland placed first in science by a whopping 5 % margin , second in math ( edged out by one point by Chinese Taipei ) , and third in reading ( topped by South Korea ) .
Advertisement
Comparisons that involve so many variables are … difficult .
Some might say impossible .
Still , just a glance at PISA ’s scores year after year prompts the question :
How does Finland churn out so many avid learners ?
“ No sweat , ” except in the saunas
At first glance , the Finnish educational system looks like it would only produce hippie slackers .
Check out the casual amenities : Schools often have lounges with fireplaces but no tardy bells .
Finnish students do n’t wear uniforms , nor do they often wear shoes .
( Since Finns go barefoot inside the home , and schools aspire to offer students a nurturing , homey environment , the no-shoe rule has some pedagogical logic . )
And although academic standards are high , there ’s not the grind one associates with high - performance schooling .
Never burdened with more than half an hour of homework per night , Finnish kids attend school fewer days than 85 % of other developed nations ( though still more than Americans ) , and those school days are typically short by international standards .
Advertisement
Finnish teachers enjoy an equally laid - back arrangement .
They work an average of 570 hours a year , nearly half the U.S. total of 1,100 hours .
They also dress casually and are usually called by their first names ( Aino , Helmi , Viivi , Eetu , etc. ) .
Is the secret massive financial investment ?
No .
Finland spends only $ 7,500 per student , considerably less than the United States ’ average $ 8,700 .
So how does Finland produce the world ’s best young scholars via minimal hours and cash ?
Since PISA began ranking nations and revealing Finland ’s special sauce , plane - loads of inquisitive teachers from every corner of the globe have been making pilgrimages to this educational mecca .
Here ’s a taste of what they ’ve observed :
More cred than doctors
The level of respect accorded to Finnish teachers tends to grab attention , especially in America where teaching is viewed as a “ fallback ” profession occupied primarily by the lower third of college graduates .
That equation is flipped in Finland , where teachers boast the highest vocational status ( followed by physicians . )
A full 25 % of Finnish youngsters select teaching as their career goal , but only a fraction succeed .
Only 10 % to 13 % of applicants gain acceptance into the masters ’ degree in education program .
After all this hard work , the rewards are generous , but not necessarily financially so .
Teachers earn a generous $ 45 to $ 50 per hour for elementary school , $ 75 to $ 80 for secondary school .
Yet some far lower - performing nations such as Spain and Germany pay teachers more .
Instead , Finnish teachers enjoy immense independence .
Allowed to design their own lesson plans and choose their own textbooks ( following loose national guidelines ) , Finnish teachers regard their work as creative and self - expressive .
Free preschool , free college
Finnish toddlers have access to free preschools supervised by certified college graduates .
Ah , you wonder — are the little innocents getting a jump - start there , reading and writing all day ?
Wrong !
Truth is , Finland ’s preschools offer no academics but plenty of focus on social skills , emotional awareness , and learning to play .
Remarkably , Finnish children do n’t approach reading until age seven ( Waldorf nation ? ) .
They learn other concepts first , primarily self - reliance .
One American observer noted that first - graders were expected to walk unescorted through the woods to school and lace up their own ice skates .
Twenty colleges exist in Finland , and they ’re all free .
Imagine the financial relaxation this provides for both parents and children .
Universities are not widely stratified either ; the disparity between the “ best ” and “ worst ” is not terribly large .
Curbing the dog - eat - dog competition
Americans give lip service to the notion that “ all men are created equal , ” but our appetite for competition creates an intense focus on ranking low and high performers — whether they ’re schools or students .
Finland downplays educational competition in a number of ways .
Schools are n’t ranked against each other , and teachers are n’t threatened with formal reviews .
At many schools , teachers do n’t grade students until the fifth grade , and they are n’t forced to organize curriculum around standardized testing .
Gifted students are n’t tracked into special programs , invited into honor societies , or chosen to be valedictorians .
Instead , struggling students receive free extra tutoring .
After ninth grade , students attend either an academic program ( 53 % ) or vocational one ( 47 % ) — this flexibility results in a 96 % graduation rate , dwarfing the United States ’ measly 75 % .
Finally , since there are no private schools to speak of , there ’s no sense that the best students are being skimmed off the top .
Overall , such attitudes go hand in hand with Finland ’s socialist - style egalitarian society , which focuses on meting out fees and services according to need rather than merit .
Even parking ticket penalties are determined according to income :
A wealthy sausage factory heir was fined $ 204,000 for going 50 miles per hour in a 25 - mph zone !
Additional differences
Finnish schools lack some of the extracurriculars — such as sports teams or musical bands — considered so essential to U.S. high schools .
But free lunches are available to all students .
“ School choice ” does n’t exist ; everyone goes to the neighborhood school .
Students learn at least three languages : Finnish , Swedish , and English .
Finally , Finland is a culture of readers , with a great library system and book mobiles reaching even remote locations .
Although the Finnish system seems antithetical to South Korea ’s ( the Asian nation placed second in the 2007 PISA surveys ) , the two small countries share much in common .
Both cultures hold teachers in the highest esteem .
Both achieved independence relatively recently — Finland in 1917 , South Korea 1946 — and both are resource - poor nations that decided education was the path out of poverty .
Finnish and Korean languages are easy to read and spell ; they do n’t have the illogical phonetics of English .
Comparing lingonberries to hamburgers
Is it fair to compare the small , homogenous northern nation to our roiling melting pot of diversity ?
Many experts say no .
After all , given our higher immigration rate and wider socioeconomic stratification , our schools tend to become social experiments not simply for learning but also for many other social functions schools are n’t designed to handle .
Still , should these challenges prevent us from learning what we can from Finland ’s schools ?
If nothing else , it ’s worth noting the central importance of inspired , highly educated teachers and what keeps the United States from doing the same .
Share on Pinterest
Updated : March 7 , 2016
Thank you for helping us all play our part in keeping everyone safe .
With ‘ the bell ’ being rung an hour earlier , if you fancy a tipple to take home , we ’ll be offering some ‘ last order ’ drinks for you to enjoy at home .
Following the latest government update , we are currently only able to accept bookings for up to 6 people ( who can be from multiple households ) and we ’ll need to ensure you ’re fed and watered by 10 pm .
Customers are also required to wear masks , when not seated at their tables .
Welcome to the website for the Highwayman
Hello ,
Sitting in Lancashire but only a few miles from the Cumbrian and Yorkshire borders , the Highwayman started life as an 18th - century coaching inn , in the perfect position to offer comfort and respite to those on their travels .
Thankfully it retains much of its original charm .
On entering you 're welcomed by the bar which forms the heart of the pub .
A mix of flagged stone and wood floors , rugs , plants and two open fires make for a cosy , comfortable spot to enjoy a drink with friends ( or strangers ) and a bite to eat if you fancy .
Carrying on through and the pub opens up ; just a little , into a garden room with picture lined walls and doors opening out onto the walled terrace , the perfect place to enjoy on more pleasant days .
Back in the pub and you 'll also find a private dining room .
It 's a lovely room with a homely feel created by the wall of books , plants and nic nacs .
It comfortably seats up to 16 people for a private family meal or a business lunch , or , with a bit of furniture rejigging it would also suit perfectly a small gathering of up to 30 or so .
PIERCE , Colo . — Scrap metal thieves are not known for sophistication .
From drug addicts in the 1970s ripping copper plumbing from walls to scrap - yard regulars of more recent years who proffer whatever fell off a truck , stealing hunks of coil or reinforcing bar has mostly been about having a strong back and a willingness to get dirty , law enforcement experts say .
The thieves who struck the Tucker dairy farm this year were different .
Start with the possession of a cherry - picker utility truck , which they apparently deployed to reach the tops of the 18 - foot - tall poles bringing electricity to the farm .
The thieves knew how to take down fully - charged electricity lines without getting killed and then , the police said , had a big enough team to roll up hundreds of pounds of wire from the half - mile - long crime scene and make their getaway .
The case has not been solved .
“ In the past , you had amateurs , ” said Charles R. Tucker , 61 , who runs the family operation with his brother , Iven , 62 .
“ These guys were pros . ”
Metal crime is being nudged into the 21st century by technology , high commodity prices and bad economic times , law enforcement officials and insurance experts say .
Posted : 10:51 AM ET
If English is your first language , you probably take it for granted that all website suffixes - the .com's , .org 's , .gov 's and the like - come nicely packaged in Western characters , like the ones you 're reading now .
But what if you spoke only Arabic ?
Or Chinese ?
Or Russian ?
All of those languages make use of a completely different alphabet .
And , until this week , none of those alphabets could be used in place of the " .com " portion of an internet address .
Now they can .
The Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers ( ICANN ) announced this week that the first sites with all - Arabic Web addresses are now online .
“ This is n’t just a minor change for the Internet , it ’s a seismic shift that will forever change the online landscape , ” Rod Beckstrom , CEO of ICANN , said in a written statement issued Thursday .
“ This is the beginning of a transition that will make the Internet more accessible and user friendly to millions around the globe , regardless of where they live or what language they speak . ”
The first of these internationalized suffixes is the Arabic form of " .masr , " which means " Egypt . "
Egypt 's internet suffix now will look like this : .eg or .مصر
The Arabic characters read right to left .
This may not sound like a big deal from a Western perspective , but when you flip this scenario around , it 's easier to understand , said Brad White , a spokesman for ICANN .
Say you wanted to type in the Web address for Google.com , but , instead of .com , you had to type in equivalent letters from the Cyrillic alphabet .
" You may not have Russian characters on your keyboard , " he said .
White said the switch is part of a long , technical transition to include non-Western characters .
The foreign letters first showed up in the main piece of a Web address - so the " CNN " rather than the " .com . "
But completing the transition is important , he said .
So far , Chinese and Russian characters have n't been included .
But 21 countries have applied to have domain name suffixes in 11 different languages .
So you 'll likely see more of these popping up online soon .
Posted by : John D. Sutter -- CNN.com writer / producer
Filed under : Internet  Web browsers
vision 2020
The Democratic Advantage in Voting By Mail Is a Mixed Blessing Democrats will be able to “ bank ” a lot of early votes , but then they may have to fight all the way to the Supreme Court to get them counted .
Chicago , IL Restaurant Coupons
Find Coupons to Chicago , IL Restaurants .
These coupons work as gift certificates , but every coupon has restrictions .
Hover over restaurants to see the coupon and the restrictions .
These coupons are sold by Restaurant.com and are sorted using 3rd party ratings .
Current Restaurant.com Coupon : 0 % off with Discount Code:n/
a
For the budding remixer who is raring to go , and wants to create a professional - sounding remix of a song by a famous artist in a matter of minutes , YourSpins is the way to go .
YourSpins
What it does * :
First , you select an artist ( ColdPlay , Moby , etc. ) , then you select a track .
After the intuitive homegrown remixing interface loads , you 're ready to make your first remix – just like that .
This site requires zero knowledge of music creation , which can be a good thing .
Anyone can use this one , and when you 're done , you get to post your own customized remix on your blog or even use it as a ringtone .
However , you can't upload your own audio tracks to the compositions , and the selection of remixable tracks is a bit limited .
Who it 's for :
Anyone who wants to create a decent - sounding remix of a famous song with no prior knowledge .
Requirements * : None .
Martin Gardner
Martin Gardner is author of more than seventy books , most recently The Jinn from Hyperspace and When You Were a Tadpole and I was a Fish , and Other Speculations About This and That .
See more articles
NEW ORLEANS -- Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich said Thursday that he thinks Republicans will repeal “ virtually everything ” the Democrats have done in the 111th Congress .
Speaking to a crowd of about 300 in New Orleans before the start of the Southern Republican Leadership Conference , Gingrich upped the rhetoric .
He repeatedly called the Obama Administration a “ secular - socialist machine ” and said its moment is fleeting .
“ The left has a very temporary moment in history when it has both Congress and the White House , ” Gingrich said .
“ I think we will repeal virtually everything they did . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Gingrich , who has spoken out in favor of repealing the healthcare bill , has since added that it ’s not feasible until Republicans return to the White House in 2013 .
Repeal has been a hot - button issue ever since the bill passed , with the GOP candidates and leaders debating how to proceed on the idea .
Some Republicans worry about promising too much and not being able to deliver , and Gingrich has urged Republicans to be honest about how possible repeal actually is .
Gingrich , in remarks that will preview his speech to the presidential cattle call Thursday evening , also lashed out at Obama for not focusing more on jobs .
He said it ’s an argument that Republicans can use to win .
“ If you start from asking the question , ‘ Is the next act of government going to increase the number of jobs or decrease the number of jobs ’ – if that ’s your argument , then this administration is the biggest disaster since Herbert Hoover , ” Gingrich said .
Gingrich has left open the possibility of running for president in 2012 , saying he would decide on a bid in February 2011 .
For those who have been wondering whether the original Flash , Jay Garrick , could exceed the speed of sound back in the Golden Age of comics …
Yes he could .
The speed of sound is roughly 340 meters per second ( varying with humidity , altitude , etc . )
Earth revolves around the sun at roughly 30 kilometers per second .
So in that panel he was running at least 88 times as fast as the Flash : Rebirth promo claims was his top speed before he met Barry Allen .
Source : Flash Comics Miniature Edition ( promo book taped to boxes of Wheaties in 1946 ) , in which the Flash goes up against the one - off “ Criminal From Tomorrow ! ” Dmane .
And yes , that looks like the same stunt Superman pulled in the 1978 movie with Christopher Reeve .
I seem to remember that Jay reached the same levels of insanely impractical speeds that Barry did on a regular basis — this was just the first place I thought to look , since I remembered the time travel element .
Share
The North Koreans may not be able to feed their people but in 2009 they succeeded in bringing down the servers of the Department of Homeland Security , the US Treasury and several other government departments , along with regular internet providers , by flooding them with requests for data .
Washington ( CNN ) -- President Obama said Tuesday that the 47 - nation nuclear security summit he convened raised global awareness of the threat of nuclear terrorism and yielded commitments to better secure nuclear arsenals and materials .
At a news conference wrapping up the two - day summit , Obama cited steps taken by countries including Russia and other former Soviet states to eliminate some of the vulnerable vestiges of nuclear stockpiles from the Cold War era .
However , Obama was unable to declare a breakthrough with China and Russia on imposing tougher sanctions against Iran over its nuclear ambitions .
He acknowledged that the final communique unanimously adopted by the summit participants was non-binding but said the steps announced this week showed that nations were seriously committed to the issue of keeping nuclear materials out of the hands of terrorists " who would surely use them . "
" We 've made real progress in building a safer world , " Obama said .
During the summit , the United States and Russia signed an update to a 2000 agreement intended to eliminate weapons - grade plutonium from their military programs .
Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton said the agreement commits each country to " irreversibly and transparently " dispose of at least 34 metric tons of weapons - grade plutonium , enough for 17,000 nuclear weapons .
In addition , Russian President Dmitry Medvedev confirmed plans to close a plutonium production reactor in the Siberian city of Zheleznogorsk , the White House said .
Obama called it an " important step forward . "
Earlier , the United States , Canada and Mexico agreed to work to convert the fuel at Mexico 's nuclear research reactor to a lower grade of uranium unsuitable for nuclear weapons , the White House announced .
The program to be overseen by the International Atomic Energy Agency would eliminate all highly enriched uranium in Mexico , according to the White House statement .
On Monday , Ukraine announced that it would get rid of its highly enriched uranium within the next two years .
In addition , Canada said it would send highly enriched uranium from an Ontario nuclear power plant to the United States for safekeeping .
The announcements followed the removal last week of highly enriched uranium , which is used in making nuclear weapons , from Chile , the U.S. National Nuclear Security Administration said on its Web site .
A summit document issued Tuesday also noted other steps taken by participating nations , including a comprehensive nuclear law passed in March by Egypt to strengthen nuclear security , as well as funding contributions by several countries to nuclear regulatory agencies and programs .
Obama said the summit's final statement acknowledges the urgency and seriousness of the threat of nuclear terrorism and sets a goal for securing all the world 's vulnerable nuclear materials in the next four years .
The communique calls for strengthening international institutions such as the United Nations and the IAEA , and recognizes the " fundamental responsibility " of nations to meet their international obligations regarding the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty and other agreements , Obama said .
He also noted that the communique stresses that progress on such issues requires international cooperation .
" We 've got world leaders who have just announced that in fact this is a commitment they are making , " Obama said .
" I believe they take their commitments very seriously . "
In response , a statement by Republican Sen .
Jon Kyl of Arizona said the summit failed to achieve progress on what he called the most pressing issue : taking concerted international steps against Iran 's efforts to develop a nuclear weapons program .
" The summit 's purported accomplishment is a non-binding communique that largely restates current policy and makes no meaningful progress in dealing with nuclear terrorism threats or the ticking clock represented by Iran 's nuclear weapons program , " Kyl 's statement said .
Obama recognized that China and other nations have reservations about the economic impact of tougher sanctions on Iran , an oil - producing state and trade partner for many , but said he would continue to push for speedy agreement of a new U.N. Security Council resolution on the issue .
Obama pointed to Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych 's decision to get rid of his country 's highly enriched uranium , a component in nuclear weapons , as an example of the serious intentions of participants .
When asked about the security of Pakistan 's nuclear arsenal in a nation known for political instability and terrorist links , Obama said he was confident that the weapons and materials were properly safeguarded .
At the same time , he said , all nations including the United States can do more to protect their nuclear weapons and materials .
After a working dinner Monday night , the leaders reconvened for a group photo Tuesday before entering the meeting hall for the day - long plenary session chaired by Obama around a large circular table .
Security concerns for the meeting locked down part of the city 's downtown core , with streets closed and temporary fencing erected around the convention center where it was held .
Parked military vehicles and city hauling trucks blocked access at some points to all but official vehicles .
Tuesday 's plenary began with a moment of silence in honor of the victims of the plane crash over the weekend that killed Poland 's president , first lady , military leaders and other top officials .
Obama also announced that South Korea has agreed to host the next nuclear security summit , which will take place in 2012 .
Referring to the changing global situation regarding nuclear weapons , Obama said it was " a cruel irony of history " that the risk of nuclear confrontation between nations has decreased while the risk of nuclear terrorism has risen .
He noted that terrorists needed only " plutonium about the size of an apple " for a weapon capable of causing widespread death and destruction .
Obama convened the summit as part of a broader strategy to decrease the threat of nuclear weapons and technology from reaching terrorists .
It was considered an unprecedented effort to rally global action on securing vulnerable nuclear materials .
The summit came less than a week after Obama signed a treaty with Russia to reduce the nuclear stockpiles of both nations , and his administration issued a revised U.S. nuclear arms strategy intended to reinforce the nation 's nuclear deterrent while isolating terrorists and rogue states that fail to comply with international regulations .
It all fits together as an ambitious effort to mobilize a unified global effort against nuclear proliferation , U.S. officials say .
Of particular concern are older nuclear weapons and materials that are n't safeguarded as well as they should be , particularly in Russia and other states of the former Soviet Union , according to U.S. officials .
Participating in the summit were Algeria , Argentina , Armenia , Australia , Belgium , Brazil , Canada , Chile , China , the Czech Republic , Egypt , Finland , France , Georgia , Germany , India , Indonesia , Israel , Italy , Japan , Jordan , Kazakhstan , Malaysia , Mexico , Morocco , Netherlands , New Zealand , Nigeria , Norway , Pakistan , Philippines , Poland , the Republic of Korea , the Russian Federation , Saudi Arabia , Singapore , Switzerland , South Africa , Spain , Sweden , Thailand , Turkey , United Arab Emirates , the United Kingdom , Ukraine and Vietnam .
In addition , the United Nations , the European Union and the International Atomic Energy Agency were represented .
John ’s Background Switcher puts beautiful full - screen photos and stunning montages on your desktop from places like your computer , Flickr , SmugMug , Unsplash , Google Photos and plenty more places .
Choose your platform below :
Then you can have beautiful desktop backgrounds like these !
This slideshow requires JavaScript .
Enjoy ! 🙂
Privacy
Please refer to the John ’s Background Switcher Privacy Policy .
The short version is JBS only stores data locally on your computer and does n’t transmit any of that back to me or any third parties .
The only exceptions are when JBS checks for updates ( which passes the version of JBS you ’re using back to me ) or on the rare occasion it crashes it sends back an anonymised crash log which contains no data that enables me to identify you .
( CNN ) -- European Union leaders on Saturday called for a " stabilization mechanism " in hopes of easing markets shaken by the Greek economic crisis before they re-open Monday .
" Taking into account the exceptional circumstances , the ( EU ) commission will propose a European stabilization mechanism to preserve financial stability in Europe , " said EU President Herman Van Rompuy .
The proposal will be submitted for approval at an emergency meeting of the EU's Economic and Financial Affairs Council on Sunday , he said .
The group will also combat " without mercy , speculation by regulating financial markets , " French President Nicolas Sarkozy said .
" We are absolutely determined to fight speculation by reinforcing financial regulation . "
" Today was the moment of truth ... either we would let the markets , instead of us , decide the fate of the Euro , or we would be capable of taking the appropriate measures to combat speculation and to exit this crisis stronger and more unified .
That 's what we decided tonight . "
The meeting in Brussels came in the wake of Greek lawmakers approving a package of budget - cutting measures to help the country 's battered economy -- measures that were required to meet the terms of a € 110 billion ( $ 140 billion ) bailout .
Rompuy said the Greek government has signaled it is committed to " the full implementation of these vital reforms . "
Under the agreement , the European Union will give 80 billion euros as part of a joint package with the International Monetary Fund .
Greece will receive the first installment sometime before May 19 .
" The program adopted by the Greek government is ambitious and realistic , " Rompuy said .
" It addresses the grave fiscal imbalances , will make the economy more competitive , and will create the basis for stronger and more sustainable growth and job creation . "
In Washington , U.S. President Barack Obama on Friday said he spoke with German Chancellor Angela Merkel regarding economic and financial developments in Europe .
" We agreed on the importance of a strong policy response by the affected countries and a strong financial response from the international community , " he said .
" I made clear that the United States supports these efforts and will continue to cooperate with European authorities and the [ International Monetary Fund ] during this critical period . "
European Central Bank officials have tried to play down fears that the economic turmoil in Greece could spread to other heavily indebted European countries like Spain , Portugal and Italy .
Spain saw three straight days of losses in its stock market this week after the country 's credit rating was downgraded by the influential rating agency Standard & Poor's .
Are the ratings agencies credit worthy ?
The Spanish government fired back on Friday , threatening to bring " legal action " against speculators accused of launching " attacks " against the economy .
Luis de Guindos , an economist at the IE Business School in Madrid and a former secretary of state for the economy , said , " This is the deepest and most profound crisis we have had in Spain in five decades , since the Spanish Civil War . "
In a possible glimmer of hope , the Bank of Spain announced Friday that the nation 's economy grew 0.1 percent in the first quarter of 2010 .
" It 's slightly positive , one decimal point , " de Guindos said .
" We need some positive news to improve the mood of Spanish society . "
Hi , my name is Mike Gravel and I 'm a former US Senator from the state of Alaska .
I 'm standing in front of the Iwo Jima Memorial , and I 'm blessed to live a block away , in fact , from my balcony I can look down at the Iwo Jima Memorial .
What this memorial represents is a sacrifice our young men have given for the safety of this country .
Today we are visited with threats to our safety , but they 're of a different kind .
They 're not of the kind of the Second World War , nor are they of the kind of the Cold War .
What we have today is global terrorism .
Terrorism is not addressed with large armies , large military expenditures .
It is addressed with a global intelligence effort where countries share their knowledge of the terrorists regardless of where they are .
And then , with that kind of arrangement , we can prosecute and bring to justice these terrorists after they 've committed a crime , and even before , when they 're plotting to commit a crime .
Now , that 's what we need more of , not what we presently have , which of course , is expenditures for jet fighters , for all kinds of hardware that was relevant in the Cold War , but is not relevant today .
We spend more on defense , or war - making capability , than the rest of the world put together .
And we now involve ourselves with two wars .
One in Iraq , which was a fraudulent undertaking , and one in Afghanistan that need not be persued .
We 're fighting for a country that is rampant with corruption .
And the same thing in Iraq : rampant with corruption .
But they 've taken our precious tax dollars and put it out in these countries so that these warlords , so that these people can be bribed and go out to the Arabian Peninsula and buy expensive homes and live off of the tax dollars that Americans have put forth .
This is not a foreign policy that will lead to success .
It will lead to the bankruptcy of the American people .
Now , keep in mind what we have is a situation where we spend more on defense than all the rest of the world put together .
And the American people do n't even act as if they care .
Now , that is a reflection , not only on the brainwashing that 's taken place , but it 's a reflection on the perceptions that Americans have about their role in the world .
That 's something that must change , and it can only change if we can bring about direct democracy - the enactment of the National Initiative - where people can make laws ...
The only force that can stop the military industrial complex is going to be the American people voting to stop this foolishness , this useless expenditure that goes for war - making capability when we need it for peace - making capability here at home , for the success of our economy .
Thank you .
→ Washington ’s Blog
Here ’s the scoop : BP ’s attempt to stop the oil spill using the “ Top Kill ” method has failed .
How do I know ?
Well , as the New York Times notes :
BP officials , who along with government officials created the impression early in the day that the strategy was working , disclosed later that they had stopped pumping the night before when engineers saw that too much of the drilling fluid was escaping along with the oil .
Indeed , BP stopped pumping “ mud ” for more than 16 hours ( the material gushing out of the leaking riser did n’t stop during that time ) .
Basically , BP has failed in trying to drive enough “ mud ” down the well to provide enough weight to tamp down the oil gushing out .
It did n’t work .
Indeed , BP ’s “ re-starting ” Top Kill really means that Top Kill Version 1.0 was tried and failed , and now BP will try Top Kill Version 2.0 – adding “ junk ” to the mix .
Unless BP can get very lucky and plug the holes with miscellaneous junk , Top Kill 2.0 wo n’t be any more effective than Operation Sombrero .
As the Guardian explains :
Doug Suttles , BP ’s chief operating officer , insisted that the operation was going to plan , but admitted : “ What we do know is that we have not yet stopped the flow . ”
He said BP engineers would soon use additional materials to try to plug the well , suggesting heavy mud deployed so far would not work on its own .
And the Guardian ’s oil spill blog ( a great resource which I just discovered ) notes :
A news conference in New Zealand came to an awkward halt today when the prime minister acknowledged having had a vasectomy .
John Key was responding to questions about funding changes to early childhood education centres when he was asked whether he would send his children to one with fewer qualified teachers on its staff .
" I think if I sent my 15 - year - old or 17 - year - old to early childhood at the moment , they would have a meltdown , " he quipped .
What if his wife , Bronagh , had another child , a reporter asked .
" I 'd be extremely worried , " he replied , " because I 've had a vasectomy . "
The acknowledgment caused reporters who were present to fall silent , and Key admitted that it was " probably too much information " for a press conference .
" Boy , that 's slowed things down , " Key said .
" Any other questions ? "
One reporter recovered enough to ask , " Did it hurt ? "
" Not overly , actually , " Key said .
However , the fine chaps over at the Register have done some math , and concluded that the panels can't possibly provide enough power to light the streets .
Based on their calculations , even if every resident of the city spent an hour walking every day through a city where every square inch of sidewalk absorbed their energy , it would n't provide enough energy to light the streets or significantly offset the cost of lighting them .
Listless Wikimedia " In Chaos " Following Co-founder Jimmy Wales Resignation
Wikimedia co-founder Jimmy Wales has abruptly stepped down following a controversial porn purge that saw Wales himself single - handedly deleting questionable content from his company ’s servers .
The purge was the result of a FOX News investigation started in April that discovered a large amount of pornographic material on Wikimedia ’s servers .
When FOX News asked Wikimedia donors how they felt about this , the questions started rolling in and the offending imagery started going away .
Therein lies the issue : Many editors in the organization ’s “ inner circle ” disagreed with the way Wales handled the pornography deletions — some did not see the content as objectionable at all , while others appaently argued the deletions went against the organization ’s inherent openness .
In any event , Wales has relinquished administrative rights , but will remain a board member .
The resignation , according to an unnamed source , has sent Wikimedia “ into chaos ” with no one at the wheel .
[ Venture Beat , Neowin ]
Obama killed .
Leno died .
Plus , watch the nine best moments .
Once again , the standup routines of Barack Obama and then Jay Leno at the White House Correspondents '
Dinner Saturday night demonstrated that the most dangerous job in comedy is following the president of the United States — especially when the latter has better writers .
And since all this took place in the City of Who ’s - Up - Who ’s - Down — in a claustrophobia - inducing hotel ballroom three levels below the street , suffused in a sickly blue light and crammed with 3,000 professional shmoozers — everybody was keeping score .
Click Image to View Our Gallery of the White House Dinner
“ The only person whose ratings fell more than mine did last year is here .
Great to see you , Jay ! ” Obama dinged the off - and - on Tonight show host , who , when his turn came on the podium at the Washington Hilton , proceeded to confirm just why that might be true .
Obama — aided ( as presidential political guru David Axelrod acknowledged to me when the show was over ) by the razor - sharp jokesters from The Daily Show — came armed with fresh and funny material that prompted some of the biggest laughs I ’ve witnessed the Leader of the Free World receiving in more than two decades of attending this strange Washington media- political celebration of self - congratulation — a tribal ( and , to outside observers , potentially unappealing ) rite of spring in which supposedly discerning and skeptical journalists laugh their posteriors off and lavishly kiss the one belonging to the Comedian - in - Chief .
Even correcting for an undoubtedly unfair comedy advantage ( in which any joke uttered by any president is automatically five notches funnier than the same one that slipped off the tongue of a mere mortal ) , Obama is a natural entertainer who has , among all the other things he has been doing in the past year , sharpened his comic timing and delivery .
Leno , while entirely competent , recycled and repurposed old material from his television show — and even made a mother - in - law joke .
After one of his japes was greeted by eerie silence , it was hard not to feel a tinge of sympathy for him when he marveled desperately , “ This is a tough room ! ”
But not for Obama , who pretty much scored on every shot .
A few highlights :
• “ It 's been quite a year since I 've spoken here last — lots of ups , lots of downs — except for my approval ratings , which have just gone down .
.. But that 's politics .
It does n’t bother me .
Beside I happen to know that my approval ratings are still very high in the country of my birth .
• “ Obviously I 'm most pleased that Michelle accompanied me .
She does n’t always go to these things .
And there are few things in life that are harder to find and more important to keep than love — well , love and a birth certificate .
• “ The Jonas Brothers are here ... Sasha and Malia are huge fans .
But , boys , do n't get any ideas .
I have two words for you — Predator drones .
You will never see it coming .
You think I 'm joking .
• “ I saw Michael Steele backstage when we were taking pictures — AKA Notorious GOP .
Michael , who knows what truly plagues America today — taxation without representin’ .
My brother .
• “ I 've learned this year politics can be a tough business , but there are times where you just can't help but laugh .
You know what really tickles me ?
Eric Massa .
Apparently Massa claimed that Rahm came up to him one day in the House locker room , stark naked , started screaming obscenities at him .
To which I say , welcome to my world . ”
It did n’t help the situation for Leno that he showed up for his close up with a few similar jokes , such as one addressing Rahm Emanuel ’s salty tongue and another on John Boehner ’s orangey tan .
At the Vanity Fair afterparty , Bill Maher told me that his pal Leno should n’t be judged too severely —
“ He was following the president ; he did as well as anybody could in that situation . ”
But Dennis Quaid was n’t buying it .
“ He ’s a professional .
That ’s supposed to be his job .
You ca n’t make excuses for him , ” the actor said as a balmy breeze wafted over the crowded balcony at the French ambassador ’s residence .
Thus the dinner — Washington ’s version of performance art as bloodsport — capped a marathon of cocktail - fueled networking among politicians , policymakers , celebrities and media types that had gotten under way the evening before .
New York Mayor Mike Bloomberg had to suddenly leave his own party -- which his financial information and news company co-hosted with Vanity Fair — and head back home after a bomb was discovered in Midtown Manhattan .
I found him standing in the middle of Connecticut Avenue , getting ready to climb into an SUV and head for the airport .
" What are you doing here ? " I asked , unaware of the emergency .
" Just enjoying myself , " Bloomberg answered , poker - faced and giving away nothing .
Hardly anyone paid attention to a National Enquirer scooplet about an alleged Obama mistress from his 2004 Senate campaign .
“ It ’s bullshit , ” a top White House aide told me confidently , and staffers of the White House press office professed not even to be aware of it .
It seems that , after a scary dry spell of advertising declines , the media business is starting to pick up again : On Friday night , The New Yorker , Atlantic Media and People magazine all hosted extravagant parties , and there was an even greater proliferation of red carpets this weekend than in years past .
At Saturday ’s traditional pre-dinner brunch at television producer Tammy Haddad ’s house — which used to be an intimate , almost homey , affair — working journalists were corralled in behind ropes in the driveway , and the crush in the back yard , under a scorching sun or sweltering tents , was so oppressive that one reveler asked me , “ Do n’t you think this weekend has jumped the shark ? ”
Maybe not the shark ; possibly a whale .
UPDATE : Those jokesters from The Daily Show have been taking a bit of heat from various quarters today over The Daily Beast 's report that they helped with President Obama 's standup routine .
A Comedy Central spokesman called to clarify that one , repeat one , veteran Daily Show comedy writer , Kevin Bleyer , was acting independently when he wrote jokes for the president .
No word on whether Bleyer was working as a volunteer or a paid consultant .
Lloyd Grove is editor at large for The Daily Beast .
He is also a frequent contributor to New York magazine and was a contributing editor for Condé Nast Portfolio .
He wrote a gossip column for the New York Daily News from 2003 to 2006 .
Prior to that , he wrote the Reliable Source column for the Washington Post , where he spent 23 years covering politics , the media , and other subjects .
Lots of people have been explaining that a hung parliament would be unable to rein in public spending .
Do the figures support this idea ?
I ’m sitting in my kitchen with a political data nerd who ’s just pulled this gem out of his back pocket .
It ’s from this document on this page of the Institute for Government website , and it ’d be nice if someone like this could make a less ugly version .
The y - axis is how much you borrow , the x -axis is the size of your biggest party , and it seems to show that countries with single powerful parties tend also to have worse government debt .
Just a piece of the puzzle , but I give it to you for free .
Thomas " Babe " Levy , whose brother Henry James " Doc " Levy is an oil business executive , is a Ph.D. candidate in History at Columbia University .
He is also training as a marathon runner .
Babe is paying homage to his deceased father , H.B. Levy , in pursuing the same studies as him , his father who committed suicide while being under investigation in the Communist witch hunts .
Babe 's work does not sit well with Doc who wants Babe to move on with his life .
While at Columbia , Babe meets and begins to date Elsa Opel , a foreign exchange student also in History .
While out for a walk in Central Park late one night , Babe and Elsa are mugged , the unusual aspect of it being that their attackers were men in suits .
Babe will learn that the mugging was not a random attack after someone close to Babe is found murdered , the deceased who was not who he purported to be .
From here , Babe is thrown into an international conspiracy concerning Nazi war criminal Christian Szell in hiding , and a large cache of ... Written by Huggo
Earlier this morning , we talked about how Halo : Reach may be coming in three flavors , and we just thought you 'd like to know that Microsoft has officially confirmed it .
In addition , we now know exactly what to expect with the " Legendary " alternative , a $ 150 package that may be the most opulent special edition ever .
As well as the normal version , there will be a $ 79.99 Special Edition with " ONI Black Box " packaging .
It includes unique in - game Elite armor and an " artifact bag " containing Halo - themed documents for your reading pleasure .
$ 150 will get you the " Legendary " set in UNSC packaging .
It has everything from the Special Edition , and adds a numbered statue of Noble Team ( courtesy of McFarlane Toys ) , and a flaming helmet for your in - game Spartan Armor .
Basically , it 's pure Halo decadence .
What do you reckon ?
Worth your $ 150 ?
Halo : Reach special editions confirmed , including $ 150 ' Legendary ' set [ Joystiq ]
Click to open photo gallery :
Saturday , May 8 , 2010 at 12:09 PM
the bold and beautiful young Margaret
Today marks the 50th anniversary of the birth control pill .
I 'm taken back to my late 20s , founding with Barbara Jordan and within two years 60 women the first upstate NY chapter of N.O.W.
Shirley Mirow of Planned Parenthood , Janet Gleason of Corning Community College , Father Murphy Priest at St. Mary 's Church - - together we began .
Here 's a bit of the story .
Margaret Sanger was born in Corning New York .
Her birth and education records were hard to find in the Catholic parish , ashamed to be the source of Margaret 's pioneering .
A small group of women , formed a chapter of N.O.W. and together unearthed her past , the house in which she grew up , the story of her family , her biographers were located , interviewed , and slowly the town that did not want to own her now has a collection of her work in its community college and one can see someone point to her home on the southside hill .
During the days we fought ( carrying petitions ) to have her named into the local Hall of Fame - she did not qualify before the first woman to cross the Rockies , we faced opposition and were often shouted down as we approached the schools to speak of her sacrifices and contributions .
Cornell let me speak , CCC's Prof of Human Sexual Behavior allowed a forum each year , Planned Parenthood tip toed into play and Corning 's most famous citizen is now known .
The Planned Parenthood clinic now bears her name on it's bright blue banner , but for years her name was seen as too controversial , the Mother of the Pill ( in a way ) could not be named nor claimed .
In the most recent biography , it is written - after she left Corning , when passing through on her travels , she would become ill .
We were a proud group in the late 70s , early 80s to promote the woman whom Gail Collins reminds us today , opened a door for women to demand their right to birth control .
comments published in NYTimes today : May 8 , 9:24 a.m. 2010 ( jbirch ) shared by Collins : important links to Margaret Sanger archives , at Smith College and New York University :
" > http://www.nyu.edu/projects/sanger/ " >
As I posted over the weekend , I had the pleasure of participating in the PublicACTA conference in Wellington , New Zealand .
The Wellington Declaration is a must - read , as is the extensive media coverage that ACTA has received over the past 48 hours in New Zealand ( NZ PC World , National Business Review , IT News , ComputerWorld NZ , NZ Herald ) .
The last few days have provided a model for how those concerned with ACTA should become engaged with future rounds of talks .
For those looking for up - to - date information on ACTA , my column this week ( Toronto Star version , homepage version ) previews the New Zealand talks , noting the pressure points on transparency and substance of the treaty .
Even better , all the videos from the PublicACTA conference can accessed online .
I have embedded my talk below .
It provides a primer on the background of ACTA , reasons for concern , and a brief comment on what can be done .
An MP3 version of the same talk can be downloaded here .
Man Pleads Guilty To Death Threats Against Korn
Band Photo : Korn ( ? )
Jason Kobely of News10 .net reports that a Sacramento man has pleaded guilty in U.S. District Court to making threats over the Internet to kill members of the rock band KORN , according to federal prosecutors .
Adrian McCoy , 23 , entered the guilty plea in United States District Court in Sacramento Friday to a single count of making interstate threats to injure another , U.S. Attorney Michelle Rodriguez said .
According to investigators , McCoy sent threatening communications to the FBI 's Web site in September 2007 .
In the email , McCoy threatened to kill members of the band , the band 's family and FBI agents who responded to his acts of violence , Rodriguez said .
One of the most popular hard rock bands of the past decade , KORN has sold over 30 million albums worldwide and won two Grammy Awards .
McCoy faces a possible sentence of five years in prison and a fine up to $ 250,000 .
He is scheduled to be sentenced April 25 .
Source : Blabbermouth
We are n't enthusiastic about bikes nor do the sidecars interest us , but what got our attention is the VW Van Sidecar , which looked truly impressive and gave us an idea to compile a post on sidecars .
The next best thing that happened to us was coming across the ' Camper Sidecar ' that looked really special and unique .
And then later we came across a few interesting sidecars such as the Vespa Sidecar , Roadrocket , " Utility " Sidecar , Basket - Work Sidecar ………… and many more .
We are sure that if you are among those who like bikes , then this is something that is sure to get your attention , have a look .
Camper Sidecar : E Pols presented a folding camper sidecar that was fastened to a Honda Goldwing at the Dutch Motorcycle Show " Tweewieler RAI " of February 1976 .
All it took was about 30 seconds to unfold the sidecar and transform it into a spacious frame tent by the demonstration team .
Though in actual the whole procedure would probably take about two minutes .
Complete with draw - out kitchen , the sidecar weighed 120 kg ; fully laden the weight was about 170 kg .
All that is needed to unfold the tent was first to open the lid and place it on the ground , then straighten the inner frame and tighten the lines and its done .
The camper had double bed and the pull - out kitchen came with gascooker and washbasin , and the kitchen could also be used without unfolding the camper .
And most importantly , camper sidecar used the same frame as the passenger sidecar P1 .
A basket - work sidecar on a Yale motorcycle .
Another impressive one , with a unique design and the inspiration of which reflects in its name !
Vespas With Sidecars : 1950 's Vespa " Utility " sidecar .
Restored Vespa scooter with sidecar .
And this comes from Flexit sidecars
When we came across this one , we were n't sure how would it be attached to the bike , any guesses ?
The first solardriven sidecar of the world , Motosolino : designed by Wüthrich .
Sidecars Used For Transportation Of Goods : This sidecar is created using mostly pipes ( a cost effective method ) and used for transportation of goods or in this case laundry .
Another one where the sidecar is rather a booth to sell the fruits .
Another sidecar been used for transportation .
Not sure of this one :
Any idea of the brand of this scooter ?
And this comes from 2007 Festival Yamanakako sidecar
Watch CBS News Videos Online
In the world of sexual assault prevention , the work of University of Massachusetts psychologist David Lisak has gained some serious traction .
Lisak has spent the past 20 years studying men who commit acquaintance rapes .
In the past year , that work has been dissected by feminist blogs , employed in an investigative report from the Center for Public Integrity , and integrated into the policies of campus safety nonprofit Security On Campus .
Being a bit of a fan girl myself , I was happy to discover more from Liak :
This CBS news interview in which the researcher talks about the ways in which non-stranger rapists operate , how they ’re ignored by the criminal justice system , and why these men tell him about the rapes they ’ve committed .
Transcript after the jump .
The most common rape is a non-stranger assault where the victim is picked out by the offender at a party , at a bar .
The degree of acquaintance between them is usually very , very incidental .
It is really just the perpetrator finding a particular individual who they ’re going to target .
And so if they ’re in a bar , if you ’ve got a predator in a bar , he ’s not going to look for the most sober individual in the bar .
He ’s going to look for the most intoxicated individual .
In fact , he ’ll look for the individual who is not only intoxicated but seems to be doing outrageous things .
Somehow all we can do is take the statement from the victim , take the statement from the alleged perpetrator , and then throw up our hands because they ’re saying conflicting things and we do n’t know how to resolve this .
That ’s not how we investigate other crimes .
You know , in almost any other circumstance , if we have an alleged perpetrator , we begin an investigation .
And it does n’t end with asking the alleged perpetrator whether or not they did the crime .
Rather than taking the report and investigating the alleged offender — - which is what we do in virtually every other crime and certainly in violent crimes , that is our approach — - and yet somehow that ’s not the approach that ’s taken in non-stranger cases .
The reason that this is such a common part of the scenario — - the non-stranger assault — - is that we know , and I ’ve interviewed these rapists for 20 years and they have told me explicitly , they are predators .
They go after victims in those kinds of circumstances , and they look for potential victims who are already somwhat vulnerable .
They ’re going to get her so intoxicated that she might have blackouts , she may be unconscious , she is much more susceptible to all the manipulations you would use .
So for example , you get her completely intoxicated and then you say , “ You know what ?
You really should n’t drive .
I ’ll drive you home . ”
And then , presto !
The rapist has her in his car , and the assault can happen whether in his car , his apartment , or wherever , but she ’s under his control .
And that scenario has been described to me so many different times by these non-stranger rapists .
Predators look for vulnerable people , and they prey on vulnerable peope , and if as a criminal justice system , we ’re going to essentially turn away from any victim who is drinking or any victim who is in some way vulnearble , we ’re essentially giving a free pass to sexual predators .
A lot of these men , especially the serial rapists , are very very narcissistic , there is nothing they enjoy more than to sit down in a room with a guy like me and impress me with all their sexual exploits .
And that ’s how they view them .
After three versions and much discussion , here ’s the latest , corrected version of the answer .
UPDATE 3 – 20th April – :
More new info and some shame for us .
According to leading geologists , Eyjafjallajoekull is emitting between “ 150,000 and 300,000 ” tons of CO2 a day ( source ) .
Despite the attentions of the Icelandic vulcanologists and detailed research , our calculations were apparently off by a factor to 10 .
Many apologies for this error .
The volcano * is* belching huge gobs of CO2 into the atmos .
Arguably , still less than the amount that would ’ve been emitted by the grounded planes .
We ’ve corrected the diagram .
Thanks to all the commenters who helped us refine and correct our calcs .
UPDATE 2 – 18th April – : We ’ve been sent some new figures from the Nordic Volcanological Institute of the University of Iceland ( thanks Nicole ! ) .
They ’ve measured the CO2:SO2 ratio as 5:1 ( source ) .
So Eyjafjallajoekull is emitting an estimated 15,000 tons of CO2 a day – twice our original estimate .
We ’ve updated the diagram accordingly .
UPDATE 1 – April 17th – :
A few people have asked so here ’s how we estimated the CO2 emissions of Eyjafjallajoekull .
We could n’t find a direct CO2 emissions figure for the icelandic volcano but we did find an emissions figure for Sulphur Dioxide ( SO2 ) – 3,000 tons a day ( Source )
When Mount Pinatubo in the Philippines erupted in 1991 , it emitted 42 million tons of CO2 ( source ) and 17 million tons of SO2 ( source ) .
That ’s a CO2 - to - SO2 ratio of 2.47:1
Applying that ratio to the 3,000 tons of SO2 emitted by Eyjafjallajoekull gives us the figure of 7,412 tons of CO2 per day .
Clearly , this is a ballpark figure and it ’s likely to be more complex .
If any vulcanologists are passing by and would like to enhance or correct our numbers , please help yourselves to the data !
The Government of Canada accepts many visa applications from Indians who intend to live and work in Canada .
But its recent refusal of personnel who were former defense and intelligence officers has created quite a stir amongst the Indian scenario .
With Nirupama Rao , the Indian Foreign Secretary reacting tough to the allegations made by the Canadian High Commission , the issue has come quite far .
There are more than 1 million immigrants living in Canada who are of Indian origin .
Agreed that the decision on giving a visa permit totally rests with the visa officer and is highly discretionary in nature !
At the same time , it is not apt on a nation ’s part or a visa officer of a particular nation to act rather irresponsible and terming the armed forces of a nation as being violent .
The defense personnel of a nation serve the country and in the process do not hesitate to lay down their lives .
This can be considered as sheer insult to the uniform and the nation as a whole .
Even though the Canadian High Commission in New Delhi has practiced visa refusal over the recent years , but this concern has become an issue , when the Border Security Force of India demanded a public apology from Canada , following the most recent case of visa application rejection of Fateh Singh Pandher .
As per the latest news , the Canadian Citizenship and Immigration Minister , Jason Kenney has expressed remorse over the row of visa rejection cases that has been recorded in the recent times .
He was caught saying that both the countries - Canada and India have always maintained a cordial relation and the undesired incidents have made him uneasy .
This is very unfortunate that the Canadian commission in the capital of India has created such an unfavorable situation among the Indian public service officials , as well as the political arena .
The minister has further confirmed that he has the utmost respect for the sub - continent and its public institutions and their operations .
The question may look as if it holds an association merely with BSF or IB staff members , but in its broader perspective , it can be applauded as a big political issue involving the image of both the countries at stake .
Can we depict the refusal of visas as a strong political statement from Canada ’s side ?
Why is this prejudice coming against the Indian applicants from defense services and intelligence background ?
Coming back to embarrassment which India as a country and the applicants had to face during this overall episode , does offering an apology serve the purpose and allow the Indian defense and intelligence officials who suffered against such failures to forget about their humiliation ?
Crux says that the apology can be seen as damage control , but real purpose will be solved if all the files so closed and refused are reopened and visa granted to all concerned !
Needless to say , corrective changes in the legislation should be carried out at the earliest so that such unfortunate events do not reoccur again .
I know it was just a few minutes ago that we posted the news about NFL Mobile launching on Verizon this Monday , but you all need to know that we ’ve got the file for you .
Yep , that ’s right .
If you want your NFL Mobile action a few days early , here you go …
Download Link : vzwnfl - prod-release.apk ( alt link ) ( alt link2 )
You ’re welcome .
Cheers VZW insiders .
I am so sick of being betrayed .
Not that I was ever really keen on being betrayed , but I 'm so bored of betrayal as a plot twist .
More specifically , the kind of betrayal wherein Hero X , who has been following the instructions of Superior / Support Character Y , discovers that Y is secretly in the pay of the enemy , and has been manipulating X into helping to further their evil schemes .
This is so ubiquitous in game plots that listing examples is hardly necessary , but just from recent history : Modern Warfare 2 , Dark Void , The Saboteur , Uncharted 2 , The Conduit , Dead Space , Infamous , Bionic Commando , 50 Cent : Blood On The Sand ( every fifteen minutes ) , Mirror 's Edge , etc. etc. etc. , and of course Bad Company 2 .
It 's not even a good plot twist .
It always raises a lot of questions .
Whatever goal you 're manipulating the hero ( es ) into completing , is it really beyond the abilities of your bad guy 's army ?
Are there honestly not one or two rag -tag , scrappy survivors among the enemy side who could be given the job and who would go about it with unwavering loyalty - and not have to murder legions upon legions of your allies in pursuit of the goal ?
And even if the heroes really are the only people around with the necessary equipment , rabid stick - to - itiveness and supernatural good fortune , what on earth makes you think these qualities will suddenly disappear after they have completed the quest and you have gigglingly stabbed them in the back and high - fived the big baddy right to their face ?
Surely the smart thing to do would be to congratulate them , send them on an extended luxury cruise around the Pacific Rim and hope they do n't watch the TV news .
Good - NPC - is- actually - bad - NPC is not even shocking anymore .
Even though a lot of game story writers can't foreshadow to save their lives and merely pull the betrayal from some celestial arse whenever it 's needed , you can always tell when it 's coming .
That look in their eyes and that tone in their voice when they come to meet you on the battlefield .
The funny way they examine the maguffin in their hands after you pass it over .
And , most tellingly , the fact that there 's still about an hour of gameplay time left .
It 's getting to the point that I can predict a betrayal plot twist coming from the fucking camera angle when you first walk into the scene .
I do understand what the twist is for .
It 's good dramatic pacing .
You start off down .
Then things start looking up .
Just as things are looking as up as they can go , things plunge back down again , leaving just enough time for the heroes to push things back up in time for a nice , satisfying conclusion .
A shift of context is a good way to bring about that second - act downward plummet , and that means a plot twist .
But the betrayal - by - peers is getting so old that it 's due for a telegram from the Queen .
I 'm here to help , game writers ; let 's lubricate the old brain cogs by remembering a few great gaming plot twists .
MASSIVE SPOILERS from here on in .
I 'll include enough initial preamble for each example that you can shut your eyes before reading the spoiler bit , but remember to open them again once it 's passed .
Prince of Persia : Sands of Time ( an ever - reliable bucket of good game design examples ) demonstrates the proper way to do a betrayal .
The main character is thrown together with a princess of whom he is initially wary .
And with good cause , because ( SPOILER ) he has repeated visions of the future and some of them apparently show her betraying him .
Over time , though , by working together and exchanging the occasional catty snipe , the pair develop a mutual dependency , trust and affection to the point that you and the prince convince yourselves that the visions were shown out of context .
Then , of course , she betrays you anyway , but at least it was for more complicated reasons than " because she 's a bitch . "
( SPOILERS GONE )
May 19 , 2010  --
The cell phone video of a Texas teacher beating a 13 - year - old student shocked the nation , but the teacher involved said in an exclusive interview that while nothing excuses her actions , there 's far more to the story .
" I do n't want anybody to think that I am actually here to excuse myself concerning that video , " teacher Sherri Davis told " Good Morning America " today .
" But there is so much more to what is going on concerning the kids , concerning the teachers and the day - to - day activities there [ in the school ] . "
Davis , formerly a teacher at Jamie 's House Charter School in Houston , said she was attempting to defend another student and , perhaps due to lack of training and adrenaline from breaking up a fight earlier that day , lost control .
The boy she is shown in the video attacking , she said , had a violent history with teachers and students alike .
" These kids are just , basically , laying around on the floor , just being hostile .
And this young lady was in the middle of the floor .
The door was locked shut and the kids were there , kind of mimicking her .
This particular young man , Isaiah , was bouncing around in a threatening , bullying position , " Davis said .
" I have adrenaline that is already building up with the fight that just happened minutes before . "
Davis said she " lost her emotion " and attacked the boy .
For nearly a minute she slapped and kicked 13 - year - old Isaiah Johnson and no one , including faculty , stepped in .
" Clearly I do not justify my own response , but what needs to happen -- there needs to be a system designed that protects the kids , " Davis said .
" I should not be the protector for the child that was in immediate danger . "
" She was not trying to hurt the child .
She was trying to get his attention -- to intimidate him like he was intimidating that little girl , " Davis ' attorney , Lisa Andrews said .
" She voluntarily stopped this .
She wanted to get his attention but with adrenaline and fear and all those things that built up in those moments preceding this , she snapped in that moment . "
The school fired Davis , who had twice been named the school 's teacher of the year .
Davis said that teachers at the school are not prepared to handle the students there .
" We receive very little training concerning these kids , " she said .
" We had no idea what we were getting into ...
Directly , I need to know how I can address this better than just blowing up . "
An official for Jamie 's House Charter School vehemently denied allegations that teachers are not properly trained .
" Of course we believe teachers receive adequate training based on the fact that nothing like this has happened before , " spokesperson Sue Davis told " Good Morning America . " " [ Sherri Davis ] needs to take responsibility for her own actions .
She can not use the school to justify what she did . "
Sue Davis said that another teacher who witnessed the attack but did not report it voluntarily resigned rather than face disciplinary action .
Sherri Davis said she apologized " from one mother to another " directly to Isaiah 's mom , but said the mother should play a greater role in Isaiah 's life .
" What I would like to see come of this is [ alleged victim ] Isaiah 's mother would become more involved ...
His mother has n't been involved in his life concerning his education or disciplinary actions .
So it would help if she would volunteer to be more active in his life , " she said .
" I expressed my sorrow that I did allow my emotions to overtake me . "
Isaiah 's mother , Alesha Johnson , did not know about the incident until friends showed her the cell phone video weeks after the attack .
Alleged Victim : ' I Was ... Frightened '
The student , Isaiah Johnson , said he thought his teacher was " playing around " when she backed him into a corner at his Houston - area school .
But then he quickly realized it was no joke .
" She started beating on her chest and she threw the desk and kicked the book , " Isaiah told " Good Morning America " last week .
" I was ... frightened . "
Davis then slapped and kicked Isaiah for nearly a minute .
After learning of the attack , Isaiah 's mother said she wants Davis put behind bars .
" It 's horrifying , " said Johnson last week .
" He had bruises on his side where she was kicking him .
He had a knot on his head , and he had a black eye .
" There is nothing they can say ... a grown - up beating on a child is not right , " she said .
Andrews said that Davis is cooperating fully with investigators and is awaiting word on whether charges will be filed against her .
School Violence : Tips for Parents
While accounts of teachers attacking students are relatively rare , school violence in general is on the rise .
More than 150,000 teachers reported they were attacked by students in the 2007 - 2008 school year , according to the National Center for Education Statistics .
In the midst of what " Good Morning America " parenting contributor and psychologist Ann Pleshette Murphy called an " epidemic of bullying " and violence in schools , Murphy said parents can take steps to help make sure their kids stay safe at school .
Get Involved
It 's impossible to fix problems if you do not know they exist , so , Murphy said it 's important to have " connection , connection , connection " with the school .
Ask Kids About the Environment
No one will know about the environment of the school better than those living in it , your kids .
Giving them an adult to talk to allows kids to share things that may make them uncomfortable .
" You ca n't just put the kids in school and say , ' You take care of these problems , ' " Murphy said .
Click here to return to the " Good Morning America " website .
Disability Scholarships 2010 - 2011
Author : Disabled World Scholarships
Published : 2010 - 04 -28 : ( Rev. 2010-05-02 )
Synopsis and Key Points :
List of scholarships grants and funding programs for 2010 - 2011 suitable for persons with a disability .
Main Digest
The American Association on Health and Disability ( AAHD ) contributes to national , state , and local efforts to promote health and wellness in people with disabilities and identify effective intervention strategies that reduce health disparities between people with disabilities and the general population .
AAHD accomplishes its mission through research , education and advocacy at the national , state and community level .
In 2009 , AAHD created the AAHD Disability Scholarships Program , which will support students with disabilities who are pursuing higher education .
Preference will be given to students who plan to pursue undergraduate / graduate studies in the field of public health , health promotion , disability studies , to include disability policy and disability research .
Royalties from the DHJ will fund the first year of the AAHD Scholarship Fund .
Scholarships are limited to under $ 1,000 , and the scholarship Committee will determine how many scholarships will be awarded each year and the amount of each scholarship .
The AAHD board and staff are excited to be able to launch this program and support the efforts and dedication of students who have chosen to pursue higher education in the field of disability .
The Disability Scholarships Application must be submitted no later than November 15 , 2010 - More information and applications - www.aahd.us
Towson University awards two scholarships to students with disabilities in 2010 - 2011
The Laura Lamb Scholarship is open to a full or part - time freshman , sophomore , junior , senior and graduate students with a documented disability .
The student must be a Towson University student registered with Disability Support Services and have a minimum GPA of 2.5 .
The monetary award of the scholarship varies each year .
The Presidential Scholars with Disabilities Scholarship is a merit scholarship open to prospective freshmen and transfer students .
The applicant must be a Maryland resident with a documented disability who plans to pursue a bachelor 's degree full - time .
A minimum high school or college GPA of 3.0 is required .
This scholarship covers full tuition and fees .
DSS will accept applications for spring 2011 and spring 2012 Laura Lamb Scholarship awards from October 1 , 2010 to November 1 , 2010 .
DEADLINE FOR SUBMISSION IS MONDAY , NOVEMBER 1 , 2010 AT 4:30 PM .
For further information see www.towson.edu/dss/studentguide/scholarshipinfo.asp
Important :
• Disabled World is strictly a news and information website provided for general informational purpose only and does not constitute medical advice .
Materials presented are in no way meant to be a substitute for professional medical care by a qualified practitioner , nor should they be construed as such .
Any 3rd party offering or advertising on disabled - world.com does not constitute endorsement by Disabled World .
• Please report outdated or inaccurate information to us .
Page Citation :
Journal : Disabled World .
Language : English .
Author : Disabled World Scholarships .
Electronic Publication Date : 2010 - 04 - 28 .
Last Revised Date : 2010 - 05 -02 .
Reference Title : " Disability Scholarships 2010 - 2011 " , Source : Disability Scholarships 2010 - 2011 .
Abstract : List of scholarships grants and funding programs for 2010 - 2011 suitable for persons with a disability .
Retrieved 2020 - 10 - 01 , from https://www.disabled-world.com/disability/education/scholarships/2010-2011-scholarships.php
- Reference Category Number : DW #323-3724 .
Statuesque blonde Brandi Irwin , 28 , sits in the salon chair , her long legs crossed , a pair of silver Louboutins dangling from her manicured toes .
Behind her , a hairstylist tends to her locks with the precision of a Persian rug weaver .
The stylist plucks a silky bundle of hair from a nearby table and presses it against one of Irwin ’s natural locks , squeezing the two pieces together at the root with what looks like a pair of hot pliers .
And voila !
The tendril has suddenly sprouted an extra 24 inches .
That ’s one hair extension done — 250,000 strands ( and nine more hours of work ) to go .
Welcome to Gemini 14 on 14th Street near the West Village , home to the city ’s most expensive hair extensions — which cost $ 10,000 a pop .
Irwin has hers put in three times a year .
Add to that her color sessions every six weeks at about $ 300 per appointment and $ 65 blowouts twice a week and she ’s forking out roughly $ 47,000 a year to achieve her Rapunzel - like mane ( including tips ) .
In short , what most of us would pay for a car , Irwin blows on her crowning glory — every year .
“ It ’s my biggest expense , ” says Irwin , a former - model - turned - foot - model and photographer from Park Slope .
“ But it makes me feel beautiful .
And I ’ve worked hard for what I have . ”
Plus , she says , her parents invested in “ some very profitable stocks , metals and things , ” when she was young — meaning her family ’s helping to foot the bill .
Irwin began lengthening her hair about six years ago when she worked as a fashion model .
Since then , she ’s become addicted .
“ I could n’t believe it when I first saw myself with the extensions .
It was the hair I ’d always wanted , and it looked so real , ” she says , stretching her long arms .
The knuckles of her left hand are tattooed with the word “ POSH ” in black Gothic - style letters .
Gemini 14 salon co-owner Kristina Barricelli says the extensions are worth the price .
Made from “ virgin ” hair donated by Indian women to Hindu temples as part of a religious offering , the strands are de-pigmented using a special “ osmosis ” process untouched by chemicals , leaving the hair as pure as possible .
Also , Barricelli says the hair company she buys from , Great Lengths , uses a keratin protein polymer bond to adhere the extensions , so they last longer , cause less damage and look more natural than brands that use tar , silicone and glues .
The Great Lengths treatment lasts up to six months , she says , while ordinary procedures last significantly shorter and only look fresh for a month or so .
Miley Cyrus and Broadway bombshell Kristin Chenoweth are both devotees of Barricelli ’s extensions .
“ It ’s the Rolls - Royce of hair extensions , ” says Barricelli .
“ Look , I do n’t want anyone to mortgage their house for their hair .
But if you can afford it , it ’s the best you can buy .
You ’re guaranteed a perfect match with your hair color , with the best quality hair you can find . ”
Dozens of other New York salons use the same hair extensions as Barricelli , but no one charges five figures .
Most cost about $ 3,000 , says Barricelli , adding she ’s one of the most experienced practitioners of hair lengthening in the US — she ’s been working with extensions for 10 years — and her prices reflect that .
Only about a dozen of Barricelli ’s clients pay the full 10 grand for their hair .
About 100 more come in for lesser lengths at lower prices .
But makeup artist Kate Bazazian wanted the lushest locks money could buy .
“ If you want to look like a million dollars , you have to spend 10 grand , ” says Bazazian , 27 .
“ If you spend 50 bucks , you ’re going to look like you spent that .
The cheap route will show . ”
Bazazian had never been able to grow her coarse red hair past her shoulders .
Now , thanks to the magic hands at Gemini 14 , she has hair halfway down her back .
The Murray Hill resident spent $ 20,000 last year on two rounds of full extensions , but she now goes into Gemini 14 every five months for touch - ups at $ 2,000 a pop .
She pays for them with a combination of savings and credit cards , hoping the sexy waves will lure new customers and keep the old ones coming back .
“ I feel like it ’s an investment in my career , ” said Bazazian .
“ It ’s hard for me to justify to my clients that I will be able to make them look beautiful if I do n’t look great myself . ”
AJ , 28 , who wo n’t give her full name because she does n’t want to seem “ high maintenance , ” says she forks over the shocking price to avoid what she calls “ the Kate Gosselin effect — when you can see where the hair ends and the extensions begin . ”
Plus , she says , “ It just suits me more .
My own flat , thin hair did not go with my personality . ”
AJ says her family is in real estate , so they help — but she ’ll also skip a bag or some dresses to afford the tresses .
“ Do n’t get me wrong — I have to budget .
But I think it ’s a plausible investment that I do n’t mind making , ” she says .
Back at the salon , it ’s now 6 p.m. and Irwin ’s mane is nearly finished .
As Barricelli and her two sisters — also co-owners of the salon — finish blow - drying her curtain of fresh hair , Irwin unfolds all 5 - foot - 11 of her body out of the barber chair .
A waterfall of buttery gold unfurls down her back .
Irwin walks out on the street , strutting just a bit .
Men stop and stare .
They pull out their cellphone cameras , clearly wondering if Irwin is a star .
“ Is that Paris Hilton ? ” one guy asks another .
Irwin smiles with satisfaction .
“ Without the extensions people say , ‘ Well , she ’s cute , ’ ” she says .
“ You add all this hair and it puts a ‘ Who is she ? ’ factor on me .
Without the hair , I ’m this normal average person .
But with it , I walk around the corner , and it ’s like there ’s a wind machine on me .
It ’s like I ’ve stepped off the pages of a centerfold . ”
Jeff Taylor was born and raised in Spencer , Iowa .
He is Professor of Political Science at Dordt College .
He is author of three books : Where Did the Party Go? : William Jennings Bryan , Hubert Humphrey , and the Jeffersonian Legacy ( University of Missouri Press ) , Politics on a Human Scale : The American Tradition of Decentralism ( Lexington ) , and The Political World of Bob Dylan : Freedom and Justice , Power and Sin ( Palgrave Macmillan ) .
He has written for Green Horizon Quarterly , Modern Age , Chronicles , The American Conservative , FirstPrinciplesJournal.com , HuffingtonPost.com , LewRockwell.com , AntiWarLeague.com , and CounterPunch.org .
He is roughly half German , a quarter English , and the rest is Irish , Scotch - Irish , and French .
Jeff spent his entire life in the Midwest until moving to Alabama in 2008 .
He returned to his home state three years later .
He has degrees from Northwestern College , University of Iowa , and University of Missouri .
His research emphases are American politics , political theory , political history , and international relations .
Jeff can be reached via email at wherego ( at ) aol.com .
WHEN pest controller Sean Whelan was called to a break out of wasps at a Southampton pub it did n’t take long to find the source of the problem .
In a corner of the watering hole ’s loft he found the biggest wasp nest he had ever seen .
In fact the nest was so large it was the size of a double bed mattress and was home to up to half a million killer wasps .
Built around a chimney stack the six foot by five foot nest was 15 times bigger than a typical one and is thought to be one of the biggest in the UK .
“ The wasps were buzzing all over the place .
There was enough to kill someone if they were n’t wearing the right clothing , ” said Sean , from Whelan Pest Prevention .
“ It was without doubt the biggest nest I have ever seen .
It was an amazing sight – I could n’t believe my eyes . ”
The pub has not been identified , but its wasps nest has cause a real buzz in the insect world .
Kevin Higgins , from the British Pest Control Association , said : “ It ’s certainly the biggest I have seen and would be a UK contender .
“ I believe the largest ever was found on a farm in New Zealand in 1963 and measured 12 foot long by 5.9 foot diameter . ”
Using a telescopic pole , Mr Whelan cracked open the top of the nest and squirted the megacolony with a powerful insecticide .
It is unusual for nests , which are built from wood pulp , to be so big at this time year as the height of the wasp season is still weeks away .
Experts agree the giant nest – one of eight found in the loft – must have been hidden in the pub for at least year to grow so big .
David Baldock , from the Bees , Wasps and Ants Records Society , added : “ It ’s certainly an enormous nest , but I ca n’t believe it was a live nest .
“ At this time of year queen wasps are just beginning to build their nests but they would be very small nests now .
“ I 've never seen a nest that size . ”
( CNN ) -- Changes to social studies curricula introduced by conservative members of the Texas State Board of Education were approved Friday after months of ideologically driven debate .
Three separate votes on amended guidelines for elementary - , middle - and high - school curricula each resulted in 9 - 5 splits along party lines in favor of the new standards , known as Texas Essential Knowledge and Skills .
New standards for the high school economics course passed 14-0 .
Debate over the guidelines has drawn scrutiny since conservative members of the board introduced the changes in 2009 in what they considered an effort to bring " balance " to the curriculum .
" What we have is the history profession , the experts , seem to have a left - wing tilt , so what we were doing is trying to restore some balance to the standards , " board member Don McLeroy said in March .
Among the approved amendments , according to the Texas Education Agency : discussions of the " solvency of long term entitlements , such as Social Security and Medicare " ; and an examination of why " the Founding Fathers protected religious freedom in America and guaranteed its free exercise by saying that Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof , and compare and contrast this to the phrase ' separation of church and state . ' "
The board also voted " to add a direct reference to the election of President Barack H. Obama " and to require students to become familiar with the political philosophies of Thomas Jefferson .
What is taught in Texas often is taught in other states because publishers typically tailor textbooks for Texas , one of the largest buyers of textbooks in the country .
However , digital publishing has diminished the state 's influence on textbooks nationally and that curriculum is always going to be decided at the local level , Education Secretary Arne Duncan said .
" Whatever Texas decides , I do not think there will be large ripple effects around the country , " he said before Friday 's votes .
" Textbook companies today have a real ability to customize textbooks and whatever the Texas board decides , I do n't think that 's going to impact education in other parts of the country . "
Export / Download Printable Text ( .txt ) CSV Multiverse id ( .txt ) Markdown / Reddit MTGO ( .dek ) MTG Salvation
MTG Arena
Copy to clipboard
4 All Is Dust ( MM2 ) 5 4 Awakening Zone ( 2XM ) 153 4 Bloodbraid Elf ( C16 ) 184 2 Eldrazi Monument ( MYS1 ) 216 4 Emrakul 's Hatcher ( MYS1 ) 59 7 Forest ( ZNR ) 278 2 Garruk Wildspeaker ( CMD ) 157 4 Joraga Treespeaker ( ROE ) 4 Kozilek 's Predator ( 2XM ) 173 4 Lightning Bolt ( JMP ) 342 5 Mountain ( ZNR ) 275 4 Nest Invader ( MYS1 ) 69 4 Raging Ravine ( WWK ) 249 4 Rootbound Crag ( XLN ) 256 3 Tectonic Edge ( C14 ) 44 3 Vicious Shadows ( ALA ) 2 Banefire ( M19 ) 130 4 Goblin Ruinblaster ( ZEN ) 3 Naturalize ( M19 ) 190 3 Pithing Needle ( RTR ) 44 1 Ulamog , the Infinite Gyre ( MM2 ) 6
Copied to clipboard .
You can now import it in the MTG Arena client .
In TappedOut 's comments / forums
In TappedOut 's comments / forums with pie-chart
On your blog
This will require TappedOut.js included in your blog .
“ It ’s a typical aftershock to have sovereign debt crises after banking crises .
But Europe is extraordinary , ” Rogoff said .
“ There ’s all these political variables .
I ’d be shocked if they did n’t have sovereign debt crises . ”
“ It was nuts to let Greece and Portugal in ( to the EU ) as quickly as they did , ” he added .
“ They just looked the other way and decided to let them in .
Greece had high inflation , default risks .
Portugal had an IMF program early as 1984 . "
- Watch Kenneth Rogoff interviewed on CNBC above .
" I think they should have let Portugal and Greece go " before doing the bailout -- not overnight -- but in an orderly fashion , Rogoff said .
The European Commission indicated that their expansionist plans will likely continue earlier this week .
Estonia , a country of 1.3 million people , is on course to adopt the euro in January 2011 , subject to the approval of all 27 EU member states , 16 of which are in the euro zone .
Estonia 's sovereign debt was at 7.2 percent of GDP in 2009 , well below the euro - zone average of 60 percent .
Paul Merton goes in search of the origins of screen comedy in the forgotten world of silent cinema , not in Hollywood but in pre-1914 Britain and France .
Paul Merton goes in search of the origins of screen comedy in the forgotten world of silent cinema - not in Hollywood , but closer to home in pre-1914 Britain and France .
Revealing the unknown stars and lost masterpieces , he brings to life the pioneering techniques and optical inventiveness of the virtuosos who mastered a new art form .
With a playful eye and comic sense of timing , Merton combines the role of presenter and director to recreate the weird and wonderful world that is early European cinema in a series of cinematic experiments of his own .
Yahoo plans to spend $ 80 million on the next leg of its big ad campaign .
If that sounds like a lot , that 's because it is .
It 's almost double the amount Yahoo spent on advertising last year and 40 times what rival AOL spent on advertising in 2009 .
WPP - owned Kantar Media provided us with data on tech companies ' 2009 total ad spend across print , online , radio , tv , and outdoor .
We also plotted the ad spend as a percentage of revenue to see which company gets the most from the least .
Yahoo spent $ 45 million on ads last year , second most among Internet companies .
eBay 's $ 89 million ad spend led the way , especially when shown as a percent of revenue .
Of these companies , Google spent just $ 11 million on ads , which is the least as percent of revenue .
( This makes sense , because Google rarely advertises on TV . )
Another interesting thing in the data : Apple spends half as much on ads as Microsoft , and appears to get more out them .
This sort of surprised us , as it seems that iPhone ads are constantly on TV .
Follow the Chart Of The Day on Twitter : www.twitter.com/chartoftheday
Bacon , Egg , Avocado and Tomato Salad
You ’ve probably heard of BLTs and BLTAs , but have you heard of BEATs ?
Bacon , Egg , Avocado and Tomato salad is a favorite around here for breakfast , lunch or dinner .
When Vanessa Query sent us her quick and easy recipe for the Primal Blueprint Reader - Created Cookbook Challenge it was actually an EATs ( Egg , Avocado and Tomato salad ) .
However , it should come as a surprise to no one that we could n’t resist crumbling crispy , fatty bacon on top .
The bacon adds even more protein and flavor to the salad and seasons it with a salty , smoky flavor .
The egg and avocado add plenty of healthy fats , so no drizzle of oil is needed for this salad , although you can add a spoonful of mayo if you like .
Vanessa makes her version with a generous squirt of lemon that heightens the flavor and also cuts through the richness , lightening and brightening the salad .
In the past we ’ve talked plenty about the health benefits of eggs and how to figure out which types of eggs to purchase , but what about cooking the perfect hard boiled egg ?
The ability to boil an egg is often seen as a culinary skill that even the least talented cook should be able to master .
But the truth is , a perfect hard boiled egg is an elusive thing and also somewhat subjective .
There are those who like their yolks hard and firm and those who prefer yolks just barely past runny .
Either way , there are two main schools of thought on how to cook hard boiled eggs .
The first is that the water should be brought to a gentle boil , then the eggs should be added .
Using this method , the temperature is then turned down so the water is at a low simmer and the eggs are cooked about ten minutes .
The second method adds the eggs to water and then brings the water to a gentle boil .
When the water has reached a gentle boil , turn off the heat , cover the pot , and again let the eggs sit for about ten minutes .
Just under ten minutes will yield a soft yolk and just over will cook the yolk completely .
In all cases , use enough water to fully cover the eggs and immediately soak the eggs in ice water after cooking ( or put in the refrigerator ) .
The fresher your eggs , the more likely it is that the shell will be difficult to peel off .
When eggs are fresh , the albumen ( egg white ) has a low pH level , which causes it to stick to the shell .
If your idea of a perfect hard boiled egg involves a smooth egg white then this is one time when you do n’t want the egg to be right out of the chicken .
However , older yolks are also more prone to taking on a grayish - green color when boiled , although cooking eggs for too long in water that is too hot ( avoid a rapid boil ) can also speed up the graying .
Personally , our approach is to use fresh eggs , gently cook them for no more than ten minutes and then cool them quickly .
We do n’t worry about peeling the eggs perfectly because when you mash them into a BEAT salad it does n’t matter anyway .
The cooked eggs have a soft , pillowy texture and rich buttery flavor that blends easily with the other ingredients , creating a salad that will satisfy hunger any time of day or night .
Thanks , Vanessa !
Ingredients :
1 ripe avocado , chopped into chunks
2 boiled eggs , chopped into chunks
1 medium - sized tomato , chopped into chunks
Juice from one lemon wedge
2 - 4 cooked pieces of bacon , crumbled ( optional )
Salt and pepper to taste
Directions :
Mix all ingredients together , stirring not too much , but just enough to make some of the avocado and egg into mush .
Visit Vanessa ’s blog at UnchainedSunday.com .
About the Author
Post navigation
If you 'd like to add an avatar to all of your comments click here !
First studies of fossil of new human ancestor take place at the European Synchrotron
Palaeoanthropologist Prof. Lee Berger of the University of the Witwatersrand , Johannesburg , South Africa , has discovered a new species of early human ancestor in one of the best - preserved skeletons of an early hominid , dated around 1.9 million years old , in the Cradle of Humankind , a World Heritage Site .
This discovery was published on 9 April 2010 in Science , a leading international scientific journal .
The fossil 's extraordinary state of preservation encouraged scientists to fully exploit a non-destructive tool called X - ray synchrotron microtomography , which has revolutionised palaeontology and even more palaeoanthropology in the last decade .
Preliminary , not - yet - published results show the presence of what could be fossilised insect eggs and hints of a potential brain remnant of the hominid .
The use of X - ray synchrotron microtomography for studying fossils has been developed at the European Synchrotron Radiation Facility ( ESRF ) in Grenoble , France , by the paleoanthropologist Paul Tafforeau , an ESRF scientist .
He originally started to use the synchrotron to study fossil primate teeth non-destructively , in addition to developing synchrotron imaging for palaeontology .
The advantage of the powerful ESRF synchrotron is that it enables scientists to literally visualise the inside of a fossil block , sometimes up to the micron scale without breaking it open , with contrast , sensitivity and resolution far above those offered by conventional X - ray machines .
His wish to reach the highest levels of analysis possible with synchrotron microtomography techniques made it pertinent for Prof.
Lee Berger to team up with Paul Tafforeau .
Fossils of such historical and scientific value almost never travel .
However , this 1.9 million year old fossil was carefully transported to the ESRF in February 2010 for an extensive two - week long investigation .
In addition to the skull , many fragments of the skeleton , representing nearly forty percent of an entire body , were also analysed .
One of the key aspects of the analysis was the detailed study of the teeth of the fossil .
Indeed , studying their internal growth lines and structure to the daily level could provide the precise age at death of the individual , and by comparing his real age and his developmental level ( equivalent to a 13 year old modern human ) , should give important insights about his life history pattern 1.9 million years ago .
Prof .
Lee Berger decided to push the investigation even further by using the X - rays at the ESRF to look at possible remnants of soft parts of the body that normally do not fossilise , such as brain tissue .
He did not carve out entirely the stone matrix from the skull , a procedure carried out for all other hominid skulls in the past to prepare for scientific examination .
The X - rays delved deep into the rock to find any fossilised traces of what had been there 1.9 million years ago .
Not entirely preparing the specimen also allows to keep parts of it untouched for future generations .
The analysis of the terabytes of data has only just started , but the preliminary visualisation of the complete skull already available shows intriguing details .
Among them are the fossilised insect eggs whose larvae could have fed on the flesh of the hominid after death .
Researchers also noticed an extended low density area that could point towards a remnant of the brain after its bacterial decay .
It is only the second time ever that a complete skull of a hominid is examined using powerful synchrotron radiation .
This kind of analysis is currently only possible at the ESRF , which is now recognised as the best institute worldwide for the non-destructive analysis of fossils .
Ambitious projects are starting to further increase the possibilities of imaging for palaeontology , which will evidently be applied on the other fossils to be discovered in South Africa .
Yay Virginia !
They love the Confederacy , and hate boobs .
Well , they love boobs , just not official boobs .
The state 's easily grossed - out attorney general , Ken Cuccinelli , recently covered up a boob on the state seal in the name of " virtue . "
See that 's the goddess Virtue there on the state seal , putting an end to tyranny .
And what 's that there on the right ?
Well , it 's a tit .
A bare tit !
That horrible , classical immodesty did n't sit right with Cucinelli .
So when the delightfully insane fellow had some seal pins made up ( not with taxpayer dollars !!! ) for his staff , Lady Virtue got a full breastplate .
Cuccinelli issued a statement about his decision :
The seal on my pin is one of many seal variations that were used before a uniform version was created in 1930 .
I felt it was historic and would be something unique for my staff .
My joke about Virtue being a little more virtuous in her more modest clothing was intended to get laughs from my employees — which it did !
Just because we 've always done something a certain way does n't mean we always have to continue doing it that way .
Now seriously , can we get on with real news ?
Hah .
" Just because we 've always done something a certain way does n't mean we always have to continue doing it that way , " says the conservative who hates health care and gay people .
Oh well .
At least that horrible woman in the ancient picture is n't being indecent .
Sigh .
Makes you miss John Ashcroft almost , does n't it ?
Virginia is really emerging as a strong contender in the America 's Nuttiest State contest .
Watch out , Arizona !
[ Huffington Post ]
Via ProPublica .
Despite a steady stream of stories indicating that BP officials were , at the very least , criminally negligent , I just do n't believe this administration has the cojones to really punish these bastards .
As always , happy to be proven wrong !
Officials at the Environmental Protection Agency are considering whether to bar BP from receiving government contracts , a move that would ultimately cost the company billions in revenue and could end its drilling in federally controlled oil fields .
Over the past 10 years , BP has paid tens of millions of dollars in fines and been implicated in four separate instances of criminal misconduct that could have prompted this far more serious action .
Until now , the company 's executives and their lawyers have fended off such a penalty by promising that BP would change its ways .
That strategy may no longer work .
Days ago , in an unannounced move , the EPA suspended negotiations with the petroleum giant over whether it would be barred from federal contracts because of the environmental crimes it committed before the spill in the Gulf of Mexico .
Officials said they are putting the talks on hold until they learn more about the British company 's responsibility for the plume of oil that is spreading across the Gulf .
The EPA said in a statement that , according to its regulations , it can consider banning BP from future contracts after weighing " the frequency and pattern of the incidents , corporate attitude both before and after the incidents , changes in policies , procedures , and practices . "
Several former senior EPA debarment attorneys and people close to the BP investigation told ProPublica that means the agency will re-evaluate BP and examine whether the latest incident in the Gulf is evidence of an institutional problem inside BP , a precursor to the action called debarment .
Federal law allows agencies to suspend or bar from government contracts companies that engage in fraudulent , reckless or criminal conduct .
The sanctions can be applied to a single facility or an entire corporation .
Government agencies have the power to forbid a company to collect any benefit from the federal government in the forms of contracts , land leases , drilling rights , or loans .
The most serious , sweeping kind of suspension is called " discretionary debarment " and it is applied to an entire company .
If this were imposed on BP , it would cancel not only the company 's contracts to sell fuel to the military but prohibit BP from leasing or renewing drilling leases on federal land .
In the worst cast , it could also lead to the cancellation of BP 's existing federal leases , worth billions of dollars .
Present and former officials said the crucial question in deciding whether to impose such a sanction is assessing the offending company 's culture and approach :
Do its executives display an attitude of non-compliance ?
The law is not intended to punish actions by rogue employees and is focused on making contractor relationships work to the benefit of the government .
In its negotiations with EPA officials before the Gulf spill , BP had been insisting that it had made far - reaching changes in its approach to safety and maintenance , and that environmental officials could trust its promises that it would commit no further violations of the law .
It will forever go down as basketball 's version of Dan and Dave .
A rivalry manufactured on Madison Ave. and idealistically played out in boardrooms like children toying with puppets .
Kobe versus LeBron is dead -- again -- and sadly we may never see it .
As the country searches to find the deeper meaning of LeBron James being humbled in the postseason , another embarrassing playoff exit for a player who seems to be regressing in the clutch since being swept out of the NBA Finals three years ago , I 'm still coming to grips with the death of the Kobe Bryant - LeBron James Final we 've been promised for the past two years .
LeBron will be fine .
I 'm not worried about him or his legacy .
He will re-sign with Cleveland or go to New York , continue to make millions of dollars and establish himself as one of the greatest basketball players ever .
Whether or not he finishes his career with a handful of championship rings is inconsequential to me and something I 'm not going to lose any sleep over until he tearfully retires without a title .
I 'm sorry if I 'm not ready to write the review of a play halfway through Act I .
Dan O'Brien , left , and Dave Johnson were part of a Reebok advertising campaign that never realized its potential for the 1992 Barcelona Olympics .
Tim DeFrisco / Getty Images
We still have at least 10 more years to shape and mold LeBron 's legacy .
I know we'd all love to gift - wrap and mail in the career of a 25 - year - old player in a quick 30 - second sound bite or a 30 - inch column , but it can't be done and I wo n't do it .
LeBron 's career will not be defined by one playoff series .
He 'll recover , but what we lost tonight and might never get again is Kobe versus LeBron in the NBA Finals , which is not only a huge loss for the NBA but for both of their legacies .
No matter what LeBron ends up doing in the offseason we can all agree the odds of him reaching the NBA Finals next season are n't as much of a foregone conclusion as we had previously thought .
If he returns to Cleveland , the Cavaliers , after being eliminated before the Finals despite having the best record in the league the past two seasons , have to make major changes to get past the Celtics and more important the Magic .
If he goes to New York , the Knicks ' rebuilding process will be even more daunting .
Meanwhile , Kobe will turn 32 in August and has already shown the wear and tear of a player in the back end of his career .
If we were going to get Kobe versus LeBron in the Finals it had to be last year or this year .
If we end up getting it two or three years from now it will be like watching Robert De Niro and Marlon Brando in " The Score . "
It might not be terrible , but you 'll always wonder how amazing it would have been if they were both in their prime .
The truth is Kobe needs LeBron and LeBron needs Kobe .
As manufactured as their rivalry may be , they need to face one another to validate their accomplishments during a time when you are judged by your competition as much as your talent .
Yes , Kobe finally won a championship without Shaquille O'Neal last season when the Lakers beat the Magic , but how much bigger would the victory have been viewed historically and by his critics if he had taken down LeBron in the process ?
It would have been infinitely more memorable if Kobe had his hands raised while LeBron was walking off the court with his head down behind him .
CUAUTITL�N IZCALLI | Viernes 14 de mayo de 2010
Juan Manuel Barrera Aguirre | El Universal
19:15
Polic�as de este municipio detuvieron a dos trabajadores de la Comisi�n Federal de Electricidad ( CFE ) y los remitieron ante el Ministerio P�blico de la localidad , luego de que los empleados cortaron el suministro de energ �a el�ctrica al palacio municipal para exigir el pago de adeudos por el servicio .
Reportes policiacos indican que la tarde de este viernes los dos empleados fueron detenidos , los cuales fueron presentados junto con una camioneta en el Centro de Justicia de Cuautitl�n Izcalli , supuestamente porque la unidad est� sin rotular y los trabajadores no acreditaron laborar en la CFE .
Los trabajadores bajaron las cuchillas del transformador que suministra energ�a el�ctrica al palacio municipal , lo que forma parte de las medidas de presi�n de la paraestatal para exigir el pago de adeudos al gobierno local .
Al parecer el ayuntamiento izcallense debe 70 millones de pesos por suministro de energ�a el�ctrica y hasta el momento ha pagado solamente 25 millones .
La alcaldesa Alejandra del Moral Vela , del PRI , ha se�alado en diversas ocasiones que su gobierno firm� convenios para pagar los adeudos heredados de otras administraciones municipales .
�
�
I know , I know ....
I have n't posted anything here in a gazillion years .
Until something more insightful comes to mind , here 's a video with cats .
That 's about it .
Yeah .
It ’s difficult to analyse England ’s 2 - 1 win over Japan , simply because it ’s not clear what Fabio Capello was trying to discover .
Was this match purely an audition for individuals to stake their claim , or was he trying to find a cohesive shape ?
Assessing individuals was certainly on his mind , since Tom Huddlestone and Darren Bent – two players in danger of going home – were given starting places .
This was plainly not the line - up that will face the USA .
Capello stated in his pre-match interview that he had decided 20 of 23 the players , with one defensive , one midfield and one attacking position still up for grabs .
In his post - game interview he declared that he had settled on his 23 .
Quite who he has decided upon taking , we wo n’t know for a few days yet , but in a way this is besides the point ; the 8th - choice defender , for example , is unlikely to be making a huge impact in South Africa .
Of more interest should be the first XI .
On that note , surely those back - up players should have been decided based upon their club form , or their training performance ?
These pre-World Cup friendlies against World Cup sides should have been used to help the team gel , but the games against Mexico and Japan hardly seem to have been used well in that respect .
The two formations
England ’s best system is neither of the two used against Japan .
The first - half shape ( featuring two out - and - out wingers ) does n’t seem to suit the way England play .
Taken in isolation , Aaron Lennon did reasonably well on the left - hand side ; but then his natural width hindered the ability of Ashley Cole to get forward on the overlap .
Playing both Lennon and Walcott barely offers a realistic goal threat from the flanks – the latter ’s hattrick away in Croatia are the only goals either has scored for England , and they recorded just six Premiership goals between them this season .
Rooney , meanwhile , must be fielded either as a lone striker or alongside a ‘ big man ’ ( ie Peter Crouch or Emile Heskey ) if he is to play his best football .
It seems slightly baffling that Capello has wasted three of the last six halves England have played trying Rooney and Defoe / Bent , considering ( a ) how well Rooney has played upfront for Manchester United on his own and ( b ) how well he has played with Heskey .
Capello may be looking for a plan B , of course , but then can you envisage a situation in the final 20 minutes of a game England are trailing in , where Heskey / Crouch is replaced with Defoe / Bent ?
It seems unlikely – when the opposition drop deep and defend solidly late on , the height and aerial threat of the ‘ big man ’ will be more valuable than the pace of Defoe ( for it is surely he and not Bent that will get the nod ) over the top .
England performed better in the second half .
Partly a case of “ Well , they could n’t play any worse , could they ? ” , but also because they were playing purely technically - good players ahead of the defence , having withdrawn the ineffectual Bent , and Huddlestone – a fine player , but surely not one ready for international football .
They had six players who could retain the ball , plus the bonus that Ashley Cole became involved in build - up play more ; the left - winger was now Shaun Wright - Phillips – like Lennon , a natural winger , but one who drifted into the centre more and created space on the overlap .
In a low - tempo friendly , in a game where England were likely to see more possession anyway , and against a side that had gone 1 - 0 up and were happy to defend – the second - half line - up was probably right for the situation .
Indeed , that may have been Capello ’s objective at half - time – not to test out players , not to test out a particular formation , but to prevent what would have been an embarrassing , confidence - sapping defeat in the final game before South Africa .
It ’s difficult though , to imagine that those six would have worked well in a more evenly - balanced game where England were spending a greater amount of time on the back foot , looking to win the ball back .
Barry remains vital
Of course , so much depends upon the fitness of Gareth Barry .
If he is fit , England ’s system becomes a lot clearer .
There seems to be an undue amount of attention being paid to whether Barry is fit for the USA game , partly because of comments from Fabio Capello himself .
But if he is rated as 50:50 ( or thereabouts ) for England ’s first game , surely he is near enough certain to be fit for later games , particularly in the knock - out stages ?
England do not necessarily need to play a holding midfielder against the USA , Slovenia or Algeria , but the need for one will become more apparent in the knockout rounds , when Barry will be back .
His fitness should not be judged upon his availability for the first game ( although that is the latest he can be withdrawn from the squad ) but upon his potential availability for the games against France / Spain / Holland / Brazil / Argentina , where he will be crucial to England ’s system , a point well articulated by Terry Butcher .
Whether he is fit to face the USA is largely irrelevant ; Lampard and Milner / Gerrard would be able to cope with the USA ’s midfield , seeing as Bob Bradley looks like playing a fairly basic 4 - 4 - 2 with two solid central midfielders , rather than with someone who would generally be picked up by Barry ( a player ‘ in the hole ’ or a midfield making runs from deep ) .
England ’s best formation for the group games looks like being the one that served them so well through qualification .
4 - 4 - 2 with a ‘ big man ’ upfront , Gerrard cutting in from the left to combine with Rooney and allow Cole forward on the overlap , and a speedy right - winger on the opposite flank to stretch the play .
The centre of midfield was a problem in this system against Mexico , but then that first half was without the calming influence of Frank Lampard – and none of England ’s group opponents will cause such problems with movement .
Later on , a switch a 4 - 3 - 3 with Rooney upfront alone ( as advocated by David Moyes in the Sunday Times today ) may be the better option against top sides .
The most concerning thing is the fact that , without Barry , England will probably field a midfield against the USA that have never played together before ; that is surely where these two friendlies were a missed opportunity .
Related articles on Zonal Marking :
The so - called Tea Party movement has received a tsunami of publicity lately .
But one indisputable fact about this movement has been undercovered in the media :
The fact that this group is not by any stretch of the imagination a movement based in the center of the American electorate .
It is instead a movement of the conservative right that is very much unrepresentative of the general public ’s views .
Findings from a recent New York Times / CBS
News poll make this point very clearly .
The poll finds that the general public remains stalwart in its support for the Roe v.
Wade decision establishing the right to obtain a legal abortion : 58 percent say this decision was a good thing , compared to just 34 percent who say it was a bad thing .
But among Tea Party supporters , sentiment is just the reverse : 53 percent say the decision was a bad idea and only 40 percent say it was a good idea .
The public also shows its progressive colors on the issue of whether the rich should be taxed to help provide health insurance coverage for those who do n’t have it .
In the same poll , 54 percent say this approach is a good idea , compared to 39 percent who think it ’s a bad idea .
Among Tea Party supporters , however , an amazing 80 percent term this a bad idea and a mere 17 percent say it ’s a good idea .
Finally , a strong majority of the general public continues to view President Barack Obama in favorable terms .
In the same poll , 58 percent say he understands the needs and problems of “ people like yourself ” compared to 39 percent who say he does n’t .
But Tea Party supporters diverge radically from this sympathetic assessment , with 73 percent saying he does n’t understand their needs and problems and just 24 percent saying he does .
Tea Party supporters , in short , are representative of the conservative right and should in no way be confused with the center of American politics , which remains progressive on many key issues .
Ruy Teixeira is a Senior Fellow at the Center for American Progress .
To learn more about his public opinion analysis go to the Media and Progressive Values page and the Progressive Studies program page of our website .
In 1982 the writer Michael O'Donoghue co-wrote a legendary sketch for " Saturday Night Live " called " The Last Days in Silverman 's Bunker . "
It imagined his former boss , Fred Silverman , recently fired from running the entertainment division of NBC , as Hitler sealed away in an underground bunker , brooding about the forces and bad programming choices that had led to his demise in network television .
A set was designed with the eagle of the Third Reich clutching the NBC logo in its talons .
Mr. Silverman was to be played by John Belushi .
To no one 's surprise , network executives banned it from the air and O'Donoghue was fired .
...
The Realest Man in Comics
The strangest thing about the Punisher is that he does n't exist .
Frank Castle , Marvel Comics ' vigilante anti-hero , first appeared as a Spider - Man villain in 1974 .
A Vietnam vet whose family had been murdered by the mafia , Castle became the Punisher to use the methods of war on the problem of crime .
For the first two decades of his career , the Punisher represented American paranoia about crime and discord over the Vietnam War .
These days , Castle embodies a different conundrum .
Castle has no superpowers .
The Punisher wears no mask .
Men with his skills and physique walk the earth today .
His costume consists of a T - shirt .
The weapons he uses are real and readily available .
Two generations have grown up with his stories , but no one has ever taken up his mantle .
Castle 's plausibility is unique among comic book heroes .
We know why there 's no Superman .
We do n't know why there 's no Punisher .
The best Punisher stories - in any medium - explore this mystery .
They illuminate the one element that separates the Punisher from the real world : the peculiar psychology of Frank Castle .
Traditionally , this task involves exploring Vietnam and the death of Castle 's family - that is , unless we 're talking about the movies .
Hollywood Can't Crack the Punisher
The Punisher appeared on film in 1989 and 2004 ; a third movie will appear later this year .
Each movie re-launches the character ; no one 's been able to establish a franchise .
1989 's Punisher is a hoard of B - movie gems .
Dolph Lundgren , as Castle , shows his bare ass three times , Louis Gossett Jr. plays a detective named Jake Berkowitz and a blonde Czech girl portrays a Yakuza ninja .
Though the film mitigates the Punisher 's craziness by having him rescue a bunch of mobsters ' children from the Yakuza , Castle does teach one of the boys an important lesson by killing the kid 's father in front of him .
This is as close as Punisher cinema comes to a moral quandary .
The 2004 version , starring Thomas Jane , earned pretty good money on DVD .
It 's a straightforward revenge story , as boring and bad as the basest vengeance porn , despite borrowing from the 2000 - 2001 comic , Marvel Knights : Punisher , written by Garth Ennis .
Ennis's Knights is nearly a Mad Magazine - style superhero parody .
In its climax , Castle kicks an old woman who is also a quadruple amputee into a house fire .
The scene 's both horrifying and hilarious .
But when the movie folds Ennis 's black humor into its kick - ass formula , it makes for a nauseating ragout .
The film ends with John Travolta , the main villain , chained to the bumper of a rolling car in a parking lot , which explodes in the shape of the Punisher 's skull logo .
There 's no allusion to the Bat Signal here ; no critique of vigilantism .
It 's just braggadocio .
This year 's Punisher film adapts Ennis 's work on the Punisher under Marvel 's MAX imprint , which permits adult language and situations .
The movie will be terrible , but it will draw attention to some excellent source material .
Along with the new ( since 2007 ) Punisher : War Journal by Matt Fraction , the MAX Punisher constitutes some of the best contemporary work in comics .
Ennis ' run , in particular , which began in 2004 and will end this August , stands out as one of the great achievements of the medium .
These two series show where the movies went wrong .
Both comics demonstrate the uniqueness of Frank Castle 's tortured mind by having him interact with characters almost - but not quite - like him .
White House staffer Kalpen Modi -- yes , that 's Kal Penn -- robbed at gunpoint in Northwest D.C .
Kalpen Modi . ( Chris Pizzello / AP )
Kal Penn , the actor - turned - Obama - staffer , was robbed at gunpoint in Northwest Washington early Tuesday morning , an official confirmed today .
A D.C. police official told our colleague Paul Duggan that Penn ( who these days goes by his birth name , Kalpen Modi ) was accosted around 1:30 a.m. near 15th and S streets in the Dupont Circle area by a gunman , who walked up to him and took a wallet and other belongings .
It was " a basic street robbery , " said the official , who spoke on the condition of anonymity because the department typically does not discuss victims or witnesses by name .
No one was hurt in the incident , which was first reported by TMZ .
Penn , 32 , an ardent Obama campaigner , gave up his role on the hit series " House " last year to take a job as an associate director in the White House 's Office of Public Engagement .
But he 's scheduled to return to Hollywood later this year , to resume his acting career with a role in a new " Harold and Kumar " Christmas movie .
UPDATED 3 p.m. with location of robbery .
Anyone who pays much attention to the fashion world will have noticed fashion photographers have an ongoing obsession with images of women looking dead .
These images are often sexualized , with the models in various states of undress , in lingerie , or lying in provocative poses .
The effect is to present violence as sexy .
Advertisement
Hardly a month goes by that we do n't find a new example .
Here are some recent ones .
They 're after the jump both because they might not be safe for your workplace ( scantily - clad women , blood spatters ) and because they might be triggering for some people .
Advertisement
New York magazine has a slideshow of images from April 2010 issues of various magazines / catalogs , including a number that present dead - looking women .
Lula included a fashion shoot in which women were depicted as having died in a pillow fight ( thanks to Chrissy B. for the link ! ) :
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
This one is also from Lula :
Advertisement
AnOther ran an image in which a barely - clothed woman appears to be unable to stand on her own :
Emily W. provided us with another example ; Lindsay Lohan recently appeared in a number of photographs by Tyler Shields that include sexualized violence ( via ) :
Advertisement
Advertisement
Lohan and the photographer have angrily responded that the images are just art and people should n't get so upset .
That , of course , is n't the point .
The bigger question is why photographers , artists , fashion editors , and others continue to find images of sexualized violence toward women compelling .
Advertisement
This post originally ran on Sociological Images .
Republished with permission .
Advertisement
Want to see your work here ?
Email us !
The author of this post can be contacted at socimages@contexts.org .
There are , of course , limits on what I can say .
I cannot speak about specific detainees , or about anything identified people may have said or done .
There are both legal reasons and privacy reasons for this , that is , the privacy of the detainees .
I want to start off with one of the complaints on this site , that people will not vote for Obama because he has not shut down Gitmo .
Again , from someone who was there , this is a very misinformed position and the reality on the ground needs to be clearly explained .
Gitmo , when it was first created , was a nightmare .
Training was abysmal , facilities were terrible , and there were hundreds of people there who should never have been taken from their countries .
The US has much to be ashamed of there , both in terms of how it was started and how it was handled .
It was a consequence of a sudden war , with hundreds of people scooped up , and no place to put them .
This is why Gitmo has been relentlessly drained of people .
It has been an endless progression of people being sent out , either to return to their home countries or elsewhere if return presents them with danger .
So now , we get to Obama .
What they have confronted is a horrible reality : many , many of the people who remain there are bad , dangerous guys .
They openly talk about their desire to slaughter Americans , not because of their captivity but because of their belief that their faith calls for it .
And there are the HVD's - high value detainees -- who were discussed by Bush in his August , 2006 speech .
Those guys are never going anywhere , particularly since they are always so eager to proclaim their guilt .
As for the other bad ones -- I must be careful here .
It is far from unusual that these people have been convicted or face criminal charges back home .
However , home is often a place that commits torture , particularly of people like this .
The other side of it is places that have a track record of letting even convicted terrorists go in a matter of months , largely because the governments are sympathetic to the extremist cause .
I know the response will be that there is no difference between the torture overseas and the torture at Gitmo .
I do n't know how to convey this more strongly :
There is no torture at Gitmo .
No waterboarding , nothing .
There was a horrible instance of abuse that occurred with one detainee early in the process , and that resulted in all new training .
I am not excusing it .
I am just saying , it is not so simple to send someone back to another country when there is strong reason to believe they will be subjected to electric shock , rape , etc .
So , Obama is wrestling with this :
These people have to go somewhere .
We can't drop them off in Chicago , we can't send them to a place where they will be harmed , we can't go place them back on the battlefield .
And we can't put them somewhere where we know they will be immediately released , even when they have been convicted overseas of a crime .
Gitmo is a place .
Nothing more .
What is done at Gitmo is what matters .
You could move them all to another place , Alcatraz or whatever , but it would still be just a place .
What would be done ?
Here is what is happening at Gitmo .
Things have changed dramatically on the ground .
There is clearly a much stronger effort to find resolutions to these situations , to find places that are appropriate for these people .
As you may know , there were some that could not go anywhere , who did nothing wrong .
They now live in the Bahamas .
Similar efforts are made for others who should not be there , but that number is now very small .
Gitmo will not be closed so much as it will be wound down .
I had no sense that it was being wound down during the Bush years , no matter how many times Bush said he was .
There is no doubt now that Obama is winding it down .
He is doing the right thing .
I could go on for awhile more on a bunch of different issues , but for now I 'll stop here unless people suggest they want to hear more .
Otherwise , I would ask one thing :
Those of you who say you are not going to vote for Obama because he has not shut down Gitmo must realize , it is like saying Obama has not immediately cured my cancer .
The cure cannot be immediate , without being either reckless or indifferent to human life .
What matters is , is the tumor receding ?
And the answer to that is absolutely yes .
If you say you will not vote for Obama because he has not done something immediately that must take time , please know what you are doing .
The Republicans do n't fret about Gitmo .
They love it .
It makes them feel tough .
And if they get back in power , the cancer will no longer be in remission .
It will metastasize .
update : I have been trying to respond to comments where I can on this , but it has gotten to be too much .
So I will give answers to the most frequent comments :
Who am I or why should we believe you are who your portray yourself to be ?
I am not comfortable giving more details about who I am , which in and of itself should tell you something .
If I had no real connection to Gitmo , I could just make something up and no one here would know .
Second , I know I cannot persuade those who dont want to believe that I am who I say I am .
Again , that 's fine .
I am not trying to tell anyone what to think .
I am just adding some more information into your thought processes .
If you do n't believe me , then give my words the " maybe might be true , but I doubt it , '' standard .
If you do believe me , then it's " this is interesting additional information . ''
I am providing an ingredient for the stew , not a whole dinner .
" But I know horrible things happen at Gitmo "
As I acknowledged , Gitmo was horrible in its establishment and operated terribly in its early years .
They put an absolute imbecile in charge of the place , someone who was n't even regular military .
He loved the intelligence cowboys , and tried to make a bunch of kids into spies / interrogators .
And the result was predictable : horrible .
Anything that happened in that era is likely to be horrible .
Which is the problem .
Whenever people cite these events , they talk about the early years .
The FBI documents are from the early years .
Most of the other things that have been cited here are too .
I am not justifying what Gitmo was -- it was a horror .
I am talking about what Gitmo is , and what it has been for a number of years and how it has changed under Obama .
I am campaigning for Obama / justifying him / how dare i tell anyone how to vote !
Again , I am not telling anyone how to do anything .
I am conveying information .
Now , yes , does that give me the ability to tell you the difference between the way things were under Bush and the way things are now ?
Of course .
That is part of what I have seen .
As for my campaigning for Obama .
I do n't know .
Maybe I am .
As I said down below , you might not believe this , but I care a lot for the detainees .
They are not abstractions to me .
They are real people .
I know their faces , I know their names , I know their smiles and their tears .
I have seen them at their best and at their worst .
And I know that they have been dealt with far better in the past year than ever before .
So , yes , I believe Obama should be supported on this .
I know he is trying to work out the mess that was dropped in his lap .
I also know that if this is turned back to the Republicans as some sort of progressive punishment , that these people I know will be far worse for it .
Closing gitmo is easy .
No .
It 's not .
Shift them to federal court
There is a lot about this I can't go through .
But please know , no one would be more pleased than the people directly involved in all of this if that could happen .
And in fact , that is one of the things that has been evolving .
Although , once again , it is very hard .
And that is because of the mess that Bush created .
UPDATE NUNBER 2
Some of the comments here have been very perplexing .
People talking about how all of my information is wrong , how I am some propagandist , etc .
None of this makes sense .
What have I said ?
1. Gitmo was a horror
2. From 2002 - 2005 , there was significant abuse and degrading treatment which would violate geneva .
People miss that when they only talk about torture .
There was torture , but the other violations were much more common .
3 . Things began to change in 2006 ( probably because of the Hamdan decision )
4 . Things have gotten better since Obama came to office .
5. detainees have been drained out for years and Obama is continuing to do that , but it is hard .
( here is an easy example : yemen link
What exactly am I saying that is so propagandistic ?
Is it so hard to believe that Gitmo today is not Gitmo of five years ago , that closing it down is hard , and that the Obama administration is making changes in the way things happen down there ?
UPDATE 3
There is something I need to clarify , because a number of people have been confused by what I said .
As I mention below , I have not been precise enough , or maybe too precise .
When I said there has been one instance of torture , some have taken that to mean something I was not saying .
As I have said many times , Gitmo was horrific in its early years , for Geneva violations of all sorts .
There is a distinction between torture and degrading / inhumane treatment .
Both are violations of Article 3 .
When people say " torture " it takes everyone down a path of arguing what the term means .
While some people ( not the ones here ) might disagree with me , I consider what happened to al Qahtani to be torture .
So that was what I was referring to when I said one case .
I should have been much clearer -- there was a far broader brush of inhumane and abusive treatment .
These also violate Article Three .
When you make it clear that you are not talking about a defined act , but a violation of international law with very broad meanings involving abusive and illegal treatment , this debate is much easier to hold .
So , I should have said one instance of torture ( in my opinion ) and large numbers of instances of degrading / inhumane and abusive treatment .
Those do not happen now .
But that does not excuse what did happen .
And by providing the extended definition does not minimize it .
( the extended definition is in fact what Alberto Mora used . )
Finally , one thing on here surprises me .
I did not know what an HR tip jar meant .
Now I do , and I find it pretty shocking that people would declare no one should read this because the information I am providing does not conform with what all other people say .
I cannot quite understand how someone could have so much certainty about a place they have never been that they should proclaim that no one should be allowed to consider these comments .
That sounds very " fox news " to me .
Couples are advised to " proceed with caution "
A young Chinese woman was left partially deaf following a passionate kiss from her boyfriend .
The 20 - something from Zhuhai in Guangdong province arrived at hospital having completely lost the hearing in her left ear , said local reports .
The incident prompted a series of articles in the local media warning of the dangers of excessive kissing .
" While kissing is normally very safe , doctors advise people to proceed with caution , " wrote the China Daily .
The doctor who treated the girl in hospital was quoted in the paper explaining what had happened .
" The kiss reduced the pressure in the mouth , pulled the eardrum out and caused the breakdown of the ear . "
The chorus of warnings was echoed by the Shanghai Daily , which wrote : " A strong kiss may cause an imbalance in the air pressure between two inner ears and lead to a broken ear drum . "
The young woman is expected to regain her full hearing within about two months .
Earlier today Wesley Kerfoot reported on the Full Disclosure mailing list that a page in the Paypal.com domain is susceptible to a non-persistent reflected cross site scripting attack ( XSS ) .
While non-persistent XSS bugs are somewhat common , this is quite serious for a site like PayPal , where user accounts are linked directly to bank accounts , debit , or credit cards and payment can be made to third parties without any additional authentication after user access is gained .
Update :
As of 7 pm EST , it appears that a mitigation has been implemented for this vulnerability on the PayPal web site where all requests to /xclick / business redirect to the PayPal homepage .
An attacker able to trick a user with a valid Paypal session into clicking a crafted version of the link below ( would n’t be hard , think a link on an eBay auction listing or a phishing e-mail for example ) could hijack the user ’s session and initiate financial transactions on their behalf including money transfers .
Alternatively this legitimate URL could be used to redirect the user to a spoofed PayPal web site designed to steal user credentials , which is a fairly common scam except in this case more effective as the user would see an actual PayPal URL to click on .
Attack String
The following string is provided as example in the Full Disclosure posting :
https://www.paypal.com/xclick/business=<script>
XSS PAYLOAD </ script >
Which in turn results in this :
Of course where this works , this will just as easily work :
https://www.paypal.com/xclick/business=<script> alert( document.cookie ) ; </ script >
Which dutifully reflects back wrapped in a header tag on the resulting page :
< div class =" legacyErrors " id = " page " >
< div id =" header " ><h1 >< script > alert ( document.cookie ) ; </ script></h1></div>
<hr >
< div id =" content " >
< div id =" headline " >
And finally which displays the user ’s logged in session information :
Rather then displaying the cookies , the attacker would redirect the information to another web site , set them locally as his session , and begin to initiate transactions on the part of the user .
This is only one example , since Javascript can be executed in the context of the PayPal web site , the attacker could write a script to do just about any action on the site that is possible using Javascript , Flash , etc . .
Site redirects , iFrame injection , and even other injection flaws are possible on a web page that does not validate untrusted input .
XSS at a High Level
While the definition is ever expanding , XSS attacks are generally considered a type of injection problem where malicious input is injected into an otherwise trusted web page causing an unexpected behavior such as sending data to or from an unknown third party web site ( cross site ) .
Because the script is being run in the context of the trusted web site , it has access to cookies such as session tokens , as well as any other user information available within the security context of that web site .
XSS vulnerabilities are somewhat common in web applications and will occur unfettered wherever untrusted input is not validated by the web application or encoded before output back to the user .
PayPal
The San Jose based company is owned by eBay and has more than 78 million customer accounts .
As such the service is used to clear many of the transactions on the popular auction site .
The service allows users to send money without needing to share financial information , a key enabler for sending and receiving money from third parties on the Internet .
They are in some 190 markets around the world and can work with 19 different currencies .
In 2008 roughly $ 60 billion dollars moved through Paypal ’s systems .
Paypal does make available additional authentication protection in the form of a one time password token called a ‘ security key ’ by them ( similar to the ones made popular by RSA ) .
The token costs five dollars and is available to residents of Australia , Germany , Canada , the United Kingdom and the United States .
Paypal however allows a bypass of this hard token by allowing the user to enter further information such as credit card or bank number , severely impacting its effectiveness as a security measure .
Further authentication “ on the front door ” of the web site ( the login screen ) does not prevent a user session from being hijacked after authentication as is possible in a cross site scripting attack like this one .
PCI Compliance
Of note is that PayPal does claim PCI compliance , involving the following activities in their words :
Maintain a vulnerability management program
Pass quarterly remove vulnerability scans
The wording on that second bullet from the PayPal site is a little strange , we assume it means to pass vulnerability scans that validate whether earlier problems identified by previous scans were removed .
The attack string above is basic enough that it would or should be tested and picked up as a vulnerability by the most rudimentary web scanners available , throwing the validity of any scanning being done into question .
Actual credit card data is displayed in an obfusticated manner on the Profile section of the web site ( only the last four digits show up on the site ) , so the site may be considered out of scope of a PCI required scan ?
The digital certificate of the scanalert.com URL , a redirect to the McAfee service PayPal provides to its business customers at no cost for a year , has a bad digital certificate .
Finally
Generally users can apply for refunds from PayPal when an account has been broken into , but like any other service there are a share of horror stories .
In general a site such as this should escape all output that originates from untrusted sources , with the variety of possible attack strings this is not full proof but is a significant mitigation against injection attacks .
This is not PayPal ’s first brush with this problem , last year a similar issue was identified by Harry Sintonen .
As PayPal is , for many users of eBay and other online services , the only payment game in town ( the only one which a seller will use to collect payment ) this type of issue needs to be corrected fairly quickly in a comprehensive manner ( a site wide change to introduce web vulnerability scanning , escape all user provided input when outputted , and / or validation of all user provided input ideally ) .
References
Hurley Byrd Does it Differently , Very Differently :
We handcraft each and every feeder we sell .
Starting with our own designs , producing OUR OWN Lumbers and assembling your feeders with
real screws throughout .
We then protect each feeder with a beautiful penetrating oil finish so they last for many years .
We take pride in our service , too .
From the moment you first interact with us , whether on our website or on the phone , to the delivery of your feeders and gifts and everything in between .
We want to make owning and gift giving easy for you .
So whether it's a simple thank you , a unique deer feeder gift a whole
feeding station for you and your family , choose Hurley - Byrd and see the difference our feeders really make .
All Rights within this website and its related
products are Copyrighted and Reserved by :
Hurley Byrd Wildlife Feeders
462 Williams Crossroads Way
Fairmont , West Virginia 26554
Telephone : 877-363-0199
© 2002 - 2020
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Nick Clegg has come under attack over political donations - as the Lib Dems say he is being " smeared " ahead of the second TV debate .
Mr Clegg , whose party enjoyed a poll boost over the last week , later published papers which the party said showed he had done " nothing wrong " .
Lord Mandelson accused the Tories of " pushing the smear button " - something the Conservatives said was " nonsense " .
Four newspapers attacked Mr Clegg on Thursday over policies and donations .
Mr Clegg , Gordon Brown and David Cameron are preparing for the debate on Sky News from 2000 BST .
On Thursday night Mr Clegg released copies of his bank statements and other paperwork in an attempt to clear up the row .
The figures released by the party show donations from three private donors amounting to £ 19,690 were paid into Mr Clegg 's account between January 2006 and January 2008 .
But according to the Lib Dems ' figures Mr Clegg paid £ 20,437.30 into party coffers between March 2006 and February 2008 for staffing costs .
In other election developments on Thursday :
Earlier the Daily Telegraph reported Mr Clegg received up to £ 250 a month from three businessmen in 2006 , paid into his bank account .
The Daily Mail led on comments he made in 2002 about Anglo - German relations under the headline " Nick Clegg in Nazi Slur on Britain " .
He was also attacked in The Sun and the Daily Express .
Mr Clegg , whose popularity was on a par with Winston Churchill according to one headline last week , said : " I have done nothing wrong . "
FROM THE WORLD AT ONE Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Analysis :
What leaders need to do
" There are a lot of people who want to stop change , of course .
I think I must be the only politician in the space of a week to go from Churchill to Nazi . "
He added : " I hope people wo n't be bullied , be frightened into not choosing something different . "
Mr Clegg received some support from Labour 's Lord Mandelson , who told BBC Radio 4's World at One : " It 's cheap and rather squalid with no place in this election . "
He suggested the stories were " straight out of the Tory party dirty tricks manual " - something the Conservatives said was " nonsense " .
Former Tory foreign secretary Sir Malcolm Rifkind described the comments as " vintage Mandelson " .
' Deep panic '
But Foreign Secretary David Miliband also said the newspaper coverage suggested " deep panic in the Tory ranks and in Tory supporting newspapers " .
BBC News Channel chief political correspondent Laura Kuenssberg said it was a clear tactic by the Labour Party to show sympathy for Mr Clegg and try to suggest the Conservatives have been rattled by his success in the polls .
The surge for the Lib Dems has increased speculation about a hung parliament - and whether the third biggest party would back Labour , which is currently coming third in the polls .
Lib Dem home affairs spokesman Chris Huhne told BBC Radio 4's Today programme the stories in the newspapers were " smears " adding : " Every single Conservative newspaper has a splash attacking Nick - I wonder why . "
Mr Miliband rejected suggestions he could be installed as prime minister , if the Lib Dems demanded it in return for their support in a hung Parliament .
He said : " We have chosen our party leader .
" We are not going to have Nick Clegg telling us who should be our party leader .
" Gordon Brown is our party leader .
That 's the end of the story . "
The Daily Telegraph said Mr Clegg received payments from Ian Wright , a senior executive at drinks firm Diageo ; Neil Sherlock , the head of public affairs at accountants KPMG ; and Michael Young , a former gold - mining executive - paid into his personal bank account .
The donations were registered with the Electoral Commission and with the Parliamentary Register of Members Interests at the time they were given .
Mr Clegg also hinted in an interview with the Independent that Labour 's promised referendum on switching from a first - past - the - post voting system , to the " alternative vote " ( AV ) would not be enough to win Lib Dem backing in a hung parliament .
He said the system proposed was " a baby step in the right direction " , and said he would not settle for " a miserable little compromise thrashed out by the Labour Party " .
• The second prime ministerial TV debate is being shown simultaneously on Sky News , Sky 3 , and the BBC News Channel from 2000 BST to 2130 BST .
It will also be streamed live on the BBC News website , and broadcast on BBC Radio 4 .
It will then be re-run on BBC Two , starting at 2330 BST .
The return of Clubvibes in 2020 ?
Check out our new app ONELIGHT , click here
GET ACCESS TO ONELIGHT
Masterhouse launched Clubvibes in 1999 which exploded on to the web as a pioneer in social media and nightlife marketing services .
Clubvibes reigned as the top website in Vancouver commanding over 30,000 local unique visitors per day .
Under the Clubvibes brand , Masterhouse developed strategic plans for many national brands including Hpnotiq , TELUS , Labatt and Party Poker .
Joel was CEO of Clubvibes for fourteen years until its acquisition in 2012 .
Tim Engle 's ' Clowning Around ' is Exactly Why I'm Scared of Clowns
Tim Engle 's ' Clowning Around ' might have a fun title , but the gore and creepy settings featured in the photo shoot indicate that there 's something far more sinister afoot .
' Clowning Around ' takes place in what looks to be an abandoned hospital or mental institution .
A male and female clown trade roles : nurse and patient , dead and alive , watcher and watched .
Tim Engle has done an excellent job of capturing raw emotion and letting the images tell a story , but it freaks me out nevertheless .
MINNEAPOLIS — Area stoner Mike Cudahy , his eyes a deep red from five years of near - continuous recreational marijuana use , regaled friends and neighbors Tuesday with half - remembered tales of this one amazing bong he saw in Iowa City once .
Stoner Mike Cudahy
Advertisement
The bong , described in reverent , half - whispered tones by Cudahy as " awesome , " " fuckin ' incredible " and " seriously mind - blowing , " was allegedly seen during a weekend stay at his friend 's cousin 's place in Iowa City this one time , probably sometime between 1993 and 1995 .
According to Cudahy , the " super- bong , " composed of an intricate network of plastic tubing , a motor from a lawn mower , several five - gallon buckets of ice water and a fully functional antique pool table , was " so unbelievable , I could n't hardly believe what I was fuckin ' lookin ' at . "
Advertisement
" I was like , shit , " Cudahy said .
According to Cudahy , whose account has not been verified as of press time , the Iowa City bong is " the most amazingly killer bong in the whole world " and may , in fact , be " the greatest bong of all time . "
Advertisement
Cudahy 's tale was recounted before an estimated living - room audience of six during a late - night discussion of the topic , " What was the most amazing bong you ever saw ? "
The mythic retelling , which interrupted the viewing of a videotaped Mystery Science Theater 3000 episode that " nobody was really paying all that much attention to " because " they 'd already seen it , like , 50 times , " was described by those present as " awe - inspiring . "
" You call that a bong ? "
Cudahy said to his roommate , pizza - delivery driver Greg Reuthven , moments after Reuthven had finished his " Most Amazing Bong I 've Ever Seen " story .
" That 's a perfectly good bong , do n't get me wrong , but if you want to hear about a bong , I 'll tell you about a bong . "
Advertisement
Added Cudahy , " I 'll tell you about a bong , man . "
Witnesses said Cudahy then launched into his tale of the super - bong sighting .
The emotionally charged account lasted approximately 45 minutes , interrupted only once by a 20 - minute break during which the assembled stoners unsuccessfully attempted to get enough cash together for some Chinese take - out before realizing that Hunan Palace had been closed for several hours .
Advertisement
Embellishing his tale with dramatic hand gestures , wide - eyed expressions of childlike wonderment , and occasional stretches of silence when he lost track of what he was talking about , Cudahy recounted how he and this one guy had traveled to Iowa City to help this other guy move .
He and the first guy , Cudahy explained , had encountered " major hassles " when their van broke down halfway through hauling the second guy 's shit .
Hoping to borrow another van from these dudes the one guy knew from work or something , they went over to this one apartment " above a liquor store . "
It was there , Cudahy said , that he encountered the incomprehensible bong .
" I 've seen some amazing shit in my day , but that one took the freakin ' cake , that 's for sure , " Cudahy said .
" I guess , supposedly , it originally belonged to this one engineering student or something , but whoever invented that shit , man , he 's probably working for , like , NASA right now , because that guy is some kind of motherfuckin ' scientific genius . "
Advertisement
Continued Cudahy , " They cranked up this motor that sort of sucked in air through a bunch of — what do you call — pneumatic chambers or something , and filtered the smoke into , like , all these ice buckets .
It totally had built - in heating coils pumping steam into the chamber for the smoothest , most concentrated , high - THC hits possible .
And there were like eight or nine hookah tubes coming out the top , so a whole roomful of dudes could get high off that shit at the same time . "
" Plus , as if that were n't enough , " Cudahy added , " you could shoot pool on it . "
" Whoa , " several present in the room reportedly responded .
Cudahy said he wound up staying at the apartment for , like , eight or nine hours or something , and after that , he can't even freakin ' remember .
Advertisement
Cudahy 's epic account is considered the most spectacular bong story in recent memory , eclipsing such legendary stoner anecdotes as the " 10 - Gallon Gravity Bong " tale of Miami's Juan Hermosa , and the story of the time Austin , TX , stoner Greg Klesko saw this one bamboo 15 - footer some dude supposedly brought back from Vietnam like 30 years ago .
The tale is even regarded as surpassing Hermosa Beach , CA , stoner Randy Porter 's celebrated story of the time he was 16 and visited his older brother at USC and saw this one bong made out of this clear globe , an aquarium air pump and , like , 10 yards of PVC pipe or something .
" Cudahy 's tale will have a major impact on the doper- oral - storytelling tradition in our culture , " Brown University social historian Dr. Ian Schloss said .
" He may have recently lost his prep -cook job at that Denny 's where his brother - in - law is assistant manager , but his contributions to stoner lore now far overshadow this . "
Advertisement
" Cudahy is a legend now , " Schloss said .
" His story of the Iowa City pool - table super - hookah will live on in our hearts and minds forever . "
Though efforts have been made to corroborate Cudahy 's account , authorities have been unable to determine the location of the liquor store or apartment , or the current whereabouts of the bong .
Samsung Launches High - Performance , Highest - Capacity 2.5 " Spinpoint MP4 640 GB Hard Drive
SAN JOSE , Calif . --( BUSINESS WIRE ) -- Samsung Electronics Co. , Ltd. , a world leader in digital consumer electronics and information technology , today announced that its new Spinpoint MP4 2.5 ” internal hard drive offers the highest capacity , 640 GB in 7200rpm premium mobile drives .
Operating at a 7200rpm rotation speed and double cache size , the MP4 is ideal for high - performance mobile computing .
“ Demonstrating Samsung ’s industry leadership in delivering advanced and high performing storage solutions , the Spinpoint MP4 offers the biggest capacity in what has previously been offered as an option for advanced data storage ”
“ Demonstrating Samsung ’s industry leadership in delivering advanced and high performing storage solutions , the Spinpoint MP4 offers the biggest capacity in what has previously been offered as an option for advanced data storage , ” said H.S. Lee , vice president , storage marketing , Samsung Electronics .
“ The large capacity and productivity improvements in the MP4 drive make it an optimal solution for our notebook PC and slim - desktop customers . ”
The combination of faster spin speed , double cache size and improved caching algorithms delivers approximately 30 % enhanced performance with 7200rpm rotation speed over 5400rpm speed .
Enhanced performance is what gamers , multi-taskers and enthusiastic users yearn for from their computing systems .
Historically , high performance and fast spindle speed meant that the hard drive in operation ran the risk of high vibration , negatively affecting the overall reliability .
MP4 ’s improved motor design decreases the risk of disk imbalance and enhances its stability during read / write operation , compared to the Samsung ’s previous 7200rpm model .
The Spinpoint MP4 features 7200rpm speed rotation , SATA 3.0 Gbps interface and Native Command Queuing functions for advanced performance .
Equipped with Samsung ’s exclusive dynamic balancing technology , the drive ’s overall stability and reliability is optimized as a high performing solution .
Samsung 's proprietary SilentSeek™ and NoiseGuard™ technologies are incorporated in the drive to offer ultra quiet operation .
The Spinpoint MP4 drive has a 16MB buffer memory and is available in 250 GB to 640 GB capacities .
Initial shipments will be available to key OEMs in April 2010 .
Capacity , capacity , capacity .
It 's the same in the real estate market for location , but in the storage market , the team with the biggest number wins .
Samsung Electronics is hoping to grab a bigger slice of the notebook HDD market share with a new 640 GB unit , which differs from most other high - capacity notebook drives by spinning at 7200 RPM rather than 5400 RPM .
The Spinpoint MP4 2.5 " is definitely designed for high - performance users , boasting a higher spindle rate and more cache than " standard " units .
Samsung suspects that you 'll see a 30 % or so performance boost from the enhancements , and the improved motor design decreases the risk of disk imbalance and enhances its stability during read / write operation .
It 's based on a SATA 3.0 Gbps interface and features Native Command Queuing functions , dynamic balancing technology , NoiseGuard and SilentSeek , not to mention a 16MB buffer .
Samsung also offers the MP4 in 250GB and 640 GB sizes , but initial shipments wo n't hit " key OEMs " until later this month .
Pricing is unknown at the moment .
Our Android app , “ Congress ” , is now published in the Android Market , for free .
As I said in the beta release post , Congress is a pocket Congressional directory that takes full advantage of the Sunlight Labs Congress API and the Drumbone API .
You can install it by visiting the Market , or scan the QR code in this post to take you right there .
The features :
Read the latest bills , laws , and see what bills were recently voted on .
Find members of Congress by using your phone ’s location , a zipcode , a last name , or a state .
Read tweets and watch videos from members ’
Twitter and YouTube accounts .
Reply to a member of Congress on Twitter from within the app , using your own account .
Read the latest news about them , using the Yahoo News API .
The app ’s featureset is currently fairly minimal , but it serves as a foundation for bringing in a great deal of information about Congress .
I hope to continue growing it to include voting history , real - time floor activity , and documents surrounding legislation .
The app ’s code is open source , hosted on Github .
There are n’t a ton of open - source Android apps out there , so I hope it ’s of some use to any beginning Android developers out there dealing with the learning curve .
You can also report any bugs or feature requests there , as we ’re using Github for issue tracking .
As always , we welcome feedback on how useful you find the app , and what you ’d like to see .
Ann's Aurora - An Advanced Persistent
Threat based challenge
Introduction by Rob Lee
by Sherri Davidoff , Eric Fulton , and Jonathan Ham ( Lake Missoula Group , LLC
Digital forensic professionals routinely have to deal with advanced threats such as the APT and organized crime .
Understanding how many of these crimes take place is crucial to creating lethal forensicators armed with the knowledge and skills to analyze complex cases .
We asked Jonathan Ham and Sherri Davidoff ( who co-authored the sell - out Forensics 558 : Network Forensics course and created many successful contests at forensicscontest.com ) to create a contest based partially on how the APT might try and trigger a compromise to steal intellectual property via a targeted attack via spear phishing .
This archived challenge is a very useful case study in exploring malicious network attacks and how to solve them .
Case Background
Ann Dercover is after SaucyCorp 's Secret Sauce recipe .
She 's been trailing the lead developer , Vick Timmes , to figure out how she can remotely access SaucyCorp 's servers .
One night , while conducting reconnaissance , she sees him log into his laptop ( 10.10.10.70 ) and VPN into SaucyCorp 's headquarters .
Leveraging her connections with international hacking organizations ,
Ann obtains a 0 - day exploit for Internet Explorer and launches a client - side spear phishing attack against Vick Timmes .
Ann carefully crafts an email to Vick containing tips on how to improve secret sauce recipes and sends it .
Seeing an opportunity that could get him that Vice President of Product Development title ( and corner office ) that he 's been coveting , Vick clicks on the link .
Ann is ready to strike ...
Contest Questions
You are the forensic investigator .
Your mission is to analyze the packet capture containing Ann 's exploit , build a timeline , and submit your evidence including ...
What was the full URI of Vick Timmes ' original web request ?
( Please include the port in your URI . )
In response , the malicious web server sent back obfuscated JavaScript .
Near the beginning of this code , the attacker created an array with 1300 elements labeled " COMMENT " , then filled their data element with a string .
What was the value of this string ?
Vick 's computer made a second HTTP request for an object .
What was the filename of the object that was requested ?
What is the MD5sum of the object that was returned ?
When was the TCP session on port 4444 opened ?
( Provide the number of seconds since the beginning of the packet capture , rounded to tenths of a second .
ie , 49.5 seconds )
When was the TCP session on port 4444 closed ?
( Provide the number of seconds since the beginning of the packet capture , rounded to tenths of a second .
ie , 49.5 seconds )
In packet 17 , the malicious server sent a file to the client .
What type of file was it ?
Choose one : Windows executable
GIF image
PHP script
Zip file
Encrypted data
What was the MD5sum of the file ?
Vick 's computer repeatedly tried to connect back to the malicious server on port 4445 , even after the original connection on port 4444 was closed .
With respect to these repeated failed connection attempts :
How often does the TCP initial sequence number ( ISN ) change ?
( Choose one . )
Every packet
Every third packet
Every 10 - 15 seconds
Every 30 - 35 seconds
Every 60 seconds
How often does the IP ID change ?
( Choose one . )
Every packet
Every third packet
Every 10 - 15 seconds
Every 30 - 35 seconds
Every 60 seconds
How often does the source port change ?
( Choose one . )
Every packet
Every third packet
Every 10 - 15 seconds
Every 30 - 35 seconds
Every 60 seconds
Eventually , the malicious server responded and opened a new connection .
When was the TCP connection on port 4445 first successfully completed ?
( Provide the number of seconds since the beginning of the packet capture , rounded to tenths of a second .
ie , 49.5 seconds )
Subsequently , the malicious server sent an executable file to the client on port 4445 .
What was the MD5 sum of this executable file ?
When was the TCP connection on port 4445 closed ?
( Provide the number of seconds since the beginning of the packet capture , rounded to tenths of a second .
ie , 49.5 seconds )
Evidence File Location
Here is your evidence file : evidence06.zip
MD5 ( evidence06.pcap ) = efac05c50c0ae92bf0818e98763920bd
SHA256 ( evidence06.pcap ) = fa5fc1ffad525688626c301372b37e101efcbbbd124f9781f5701648e6a02be3
Challenge Winners and Solutions
Challenge Solutions
Ann 's Aurora was one of our hardest contests yet .
To get all the answers right , you had to carve out two Windows executable files , dissect Vick Timmes ' HTTP traffic , analyze malware , build a timeline and pinpoint connection open and close times to within a tenth of a second .
Thanks to everyone who submitted an entry for Puzzle # 6 , " Ann 's Aurora " , and a special congratulations to the relatively small number of folks who submitted correct answers .
The winner of " Ann 's Aurora " is ( * drumroll * ) ... Wesley McGrew , for his fantastic new forensics tool , pcapline .
Pcapline automatically parses a packet capture and generates an HTML report .
Through your web browser , you can view a summary of all flows and drill down into each one .
Pcapline automatically carves out all the files - not just the tiny GIFs embedded inside a single packet , but Windows executable files broken up throughout the packet capture .
Wesley also included MD5sums in the report output .
Best of all , it 's simple to use - you just type " pcapline.py " and the evidence file name , and pcapline does the rest .
Wesley has put a copy of the pcapline report output here .
Erik Hjelmvik , our Silver medalist , released a new version of Network Miner ( .92 ) for Contest # 6 .
We know a lot of you already know and love Network Miner , because in previous contests about half of the entries relied on Erik 's tool !
For this contest , Erik noticed that Network Miner was not properly detecting the HTML transfers at the beginning of the pcap file , because the TCP handshake was missing .
He added functionality so that Network Miner more intelligently figures out which host is the server , and which is the client , when the TCP handshake is missing .
Thanks ,
Erik , for a shiny new release of your fantastic tool .
Leendert Pieter van Drimmelen built three utilities for this contest : stream_ts.py , which automatically displays TCP connection established / closed times ; analyse_syn_packets.py , which calculates how often an IP or TCP field changes ( it also accepts tshark filters ) ; and pextract.c , which extracts PE files from packet captures or incoming traffic .
Pextract also accepts BPF filters and tries to find executables that are XOR obfuscated .
These are three small , sharp utilities which are good to have in your toolkit .
Eric Kollmann wrote three handy tools : mzcarver.exe ( PE carving utility ) , contest6.pl ( provides info about conversations ) , and contest6.exe ( produces info about individual packets .
You can limit by TCP flag and use BPFs ) .
Nice work , Eric !
Jeff Wichman and Ruben Recabarren both created fantastic writeups , which you can read to get two detailed ( and very different ) methods for solving the contest .
Iulian Anton also had a thorough narrative and created a couple of Perl utilities to assist with solving the contest .
Candice Quates went " down the rabbit hole of javascript and exploit analysis " , and created trimexe.c , which extracts PE files from exported streams .
Challenge Solutions and Posted Winners
Finalists
Semifinalists
Francesco Acchiappati
Mark Hillick
Richard Shawn O'Connell
Ashish , Garima , Vikrant
Jon Larimer
Correct Answers
Andy Patrick
Brian Sommers
Candice Quates
Carlos Pérez López
David Rodriguez
Eric Kollmann
Erik Hjelmvik
Francesco Acchiappati
Hsiang - Jen Shih
Iulian Anton
Jeremy Scott
Jon Larimer
Kazunori Kojima
Leendert Pieter van Drimmelen
Mark Hillick
Masashi Fujiwara
Peter Chong
Rakesh Mukundan
Richard Shawn O'Connell
Ruben Recabarren
Seth Leone & Ryan Sommers
Takuro Uetori
Wesley McGrew
Winter Faulk
Yogesh Khatri
Zoher Anis
Copyright 2020 , Lake Missoula Group , LLC .
All rights reserved .
Lake Missoula Group offers customized consulting services , including network assessments , penetration tests , web application assessments , forensics and incident response , social engineering tests , policy and procedure review .
We provide realistic , maintainable information security strategies , and help organizations effectively prioritize and adapt their pre-existing infrastructure to meet current and future IT security needs .
Our core consulting group boasts over 30 years of experience , and hold CISSP , GPEN , GCFA , GCIA and other certifications .
We develop sustainable security strategies , customized to suit your unique environment .
The world has become a vast conglomerate of islands of varying size and shape .
This babbling universe is mainly populated with ruthless rogues , surly peasants and illiterate , petty lords .
Their main concerns revolve around two fundamental rules :
Eat and do n't get eaten .
For this new world has become infested with a terrible plague : omnipresent , monstrously famished , mutant creatures are wreaking havoc -
They are known as the Dragons .
Gwizdo and Lian - Chu are two dragon hunters , but are a long way from being among the best .
Their only real talents : the size of the hulking brute with the heart of gold , Lian - Chu , and Gwizdo 's talent for scams of all and any shape or form .
Their sole ambition : to buy a little farm where they can relax and raise mussels , a creature that is a lot less unpleasant and difficult to hunt down than dragons .
A few islands away rises the fortress of Lord Arnold .
Arnold has a problem : he 's living in terror at the thought of the return of World Eater , that horrible ... Written by Anonymous
Clinton : ' The rich are not paying their fair share '
Secretary of State Hillary Clinton made a rare foray into domestic politics today , offering her view that — given America 's high unemployment — wealthy Americans do n't pay enough taxes .
" The rich are not paying their fair share in any nation that is facing the kind of employment issues [ America currently does ] — whether it 's individual , corporate or whatever [ form of ] taxation forms , " Clinton told an audience at the Brookings Institute , where she was discussing the administration 's new National Security Strategy .
Clinton said the comment was her personal opinion .
" I 'm not speaking for the administration , so I 'll preface that with a very clear caveat , " she said .
Clinton went on to cite Brazil as a model .
" Brazil has the highest tax - to - GDP rate in the Western Hemisphere and guess what — they 're growing like crazy , " Clinton said .
" And the rich are getting richer , but they 're pulling people out of poverty . "
Both Clinton and Obama campaigned for the presidency on promises to allow the Bush tax cuts for wealthy Americans to expire this year , a plan that is now part of Obama 's budget .
The move will effectively raise taxes sharply on people earning more than $ 250,000 .
The administration 's new formal strategy document makes the case that domestic economic strength is crucial to influence abroad .
We have put together a guide with everything you need to know to be able to vote in Texas for the 2020 Election , including important dates , voter registration information , and early voting locations .
The following blog post , unless otherwise noted , was written by a member of Gamasutras community .
The thoughts and opinions expressed are those of the writer and not Gamasutra or its parent company .
Recently , I joined Google , where I 'm the developer advocate for games .
I 've used this Gamasutra blog in the past to focus on game engines and middleware , and I 'm planning to continue doing just that .
In this post I 'm going to talk a little about the work we 've been doing with the team at Unity Technologies
--
This week in San Francisco is Google I/O , the annual conference to get together and talk about all things Googley .
There are over 5000 people attending for the two days , making Moscone West the temporary center of the Google developer universe .
( Moscone Center is also where the annual Game Developers Conference is held . )
One thing that I 've been pleasantly surprised by since joining Google is how focused on developers the company is .
A friend of mine pointed out that when you live in Silicon Valley , you feel catered to as a developer - even the billboards on Highway 101 are targeted at developers .
At Google , that feels amped up to another level .
The company cafe I frequent has areas labelled " I18N " and " cd ~ " , for international foods , and homestyle foods .
That may be a corny example , but this developer focus pervades the company .
Making it as easy as possible for developers to work with Google technologies ultimately serves to benefit the users of the resulting applications .
At Google I / O this week , conference attendees are starting to see how Google 's developer focus can manifest in the game development space .
During the keynote Wednesday morning , Sundar Pichai , VP Product Management at Google , showed off Lego Star Wars , a Unity game developed by Three Melons ( now part of Playdom ) .
The version shown in the keynote was the browser plugin version , due to issues with the presentation computer , but Lego Star Wars is now up and running in the Chrome browser via Native Client .
Native Client will allow C++- based code to run securely inside the Chrome browser , enabling high - performance computing , 3D graphics , real - time interactivity ... well , you know , I immediately just want to use it for games , so that 's what I 'm thinking about , but I 'm sure other people will use it for other interesting compute - intensive tasks . :-)
Of course , Unity running inside the browser is nothing new - Unity has run in the browser via an installable plugin since 2006 .
But Native Client integrated into Chrome allows Unity games to run in the Chrome browser - on any operating system supported by Chrome - with no plugin required .
Moreover , Unity also targets Android , making it a development solution that spans from small screen mobile games to large screen web - based games with a minimal amount of re-coding effort .
The team at Unity has been great to work with - they have a very similar philosophy to Google around empowering developers .
Unity recognizes that the wider the reach of their platform , the more valuable the technology is to game developers .
It 's valuable for indy developers , who are trying to reach the largest audience possible with a tight budget , as well as large studios , who are trying to keep down development costs so they can outshine their competition and produce the best big - budget blockbuster that they can .
The Lego Star Wars game was shown in the context of the Chrome Web Store , an open marketplace for distributing web - based applications that will run in the browser .
PopCap 's Plants vs Zombies ( a Flash - based game ) was also shown in an example of purchasing a game via the Web Store .
Just as it's important for game developers to have accessible cross- platform tools such as Unity and Flash , it 's important for them to be able to easily reach an audience , to be able to distribute their games without too much pain .
With Android Market and soon Chrome Web Store , Google will offer the ability to distribute - and even sell - games , from mobile to web .
REYKJAVIK — Voters here blew a loud raspberry at Iceland 's political establishment Saturday , handing victory in the capital 's municipal elections to an upstart political party that ran a blatantly satirical , humor - based campaign .
After promising a polar bear for the Reykjavik zoo and making other unorthodox proposals , the six - month - old Best Party won 34.7 % of the vote , securing six of the 15 seats on the city council .
It was closely followed by the Independent Party — the traditional powerhouse in the city — with ...
Receive all of the above , with your DVD signed by the creators of the program , an exclusive 8.5x11 mini-poster for the show featuring the main characters , and a series credit under “ Special Thanks ” .
Less
Marcus Jarvis has been practicing law and serving Minnesota since 2002 .
He is licensed by the Minnesota Supreme Court and the lower courts .
While Marcus Jarvis Law Limited covers a wide variety of areas of law in its practice , Marcus has championed and protected immigrant rights with a passion .
Marcus shares his story of being an immigrant in seek of the American dream and provides a deep understanding of the process to become a United States citizen in his book entitled " A Simple Guide to The Immigration Laws of the United States : What You Need to Know When You Come to America " .
" The Last Block in Harlem " Becomes One of Amazon 's Encore Books
Last year , we interviewed novelist Christopher Herz about his book " The Last Block in Harlem , " which Herz had self - published and was selling on the streets of Manhattan .
Showing more hustle than a misfit tee - ball team , Herz had managed to recoup the costs of his first print run , quit his day job , and even get himself written up in Publisher 's Weekly .
At the time , he was building a buzz by hand - selling his book to anyone who would listen , making each individual sale himself and therefore doing more marketing and promoting for his novel than a whole cafeteria full of unpaid interns .
However , at the time Herz was getting a little nervous .
Winter was coming , and that meant he was going to have a much harder time finding people on the street to talk to about his novel .
Now , " The Last Block in Harlem " has been picked up by Amazon Encore and will be released as one of their Encore editions on July 13th .
THE NEW COVER : We checked back in with Herz to get the whole story .
JONES : So why did Amazon decide to turn your novel into an Encore edition ?
HERZ : After the Publisher 's Weekly article came out , their senior content acquisitions representative bought a copy .
I guess he liked what he read , because he wrote me and asked if I 'd like to be part of a new venture called Amazon Encore .
He told me that my writing style was something that really got to him and that he'd like to get it out to the world .
They were starting a publishing company and were interested in giving work that may not have gotten enough exposure a bigger audience .
I guess they also liked how I hustled for sales .
I was the kind of writer they were looking for .
Someone who would die for their work , which I am .
Writers have to be part of the marketing experience of their work , which I think we touched on the first time around .
Usually Amazon bases what they decide to get behind on sales and reviews , but The Last Block in Harlem was only out for a few months before he read it .
Just shows you that there is no formula .
Just be yourself and put out good work .
As a writer , it 's the most important step .
Well , the impost important first step .
JONES : How soon after making your book available on Amazon did they contact you for the Encore program ?
HERZ : I never sold my book through Amazon in hard copy .
I sold all hard copies on my site or on the streets of NYC -- mostly on the streets .
I did put up my own Kindle edition , but nobody took notice of that .
It was through the PW article that they found out about the book and read it .
I 'm the black sheep among all the Amazon Encore Authors that way -- maybe even most authors out there .
The right mix of insanity , hustle and belief in the work you produce can do wonders .
JONES : What percentage are you making off of every ebook sale ?
HERZ : It 's a fair deal .
As a matter of fact , they are actually giving me more than they originally promised .
They hiked up the rate they give authors .
I do n't like talking dollars in a public space , but I will say it 's a fair percentage .
JONES : What kind of online publicity or marketing is Amazon doing to raise the profile of your book ?
HERZ : They printed up a bunch of galley copies and are getting those in the hands of reviewers who would have never taken them from me as a small publisher .
In addition , they have a program called Amazon Vine , which is their group of reviewers who have followers , blogs , etc .
They are going to read and give reviews .
In addition , they have sent out press releases all over the wire , and have hired out PR and Marketing people both foreign and domestic to get the word out .
The book is coming out on July 13 , so after the reviews are in , the next phase of publicity will start .
Right now I 'm holding my breath and praying for good reviews .
It 's harder for me to wait for what people think than it was selling to them on the streets , but this is the next level of the game .
More people are involved , so you just have to be patient .
As the release date gets closer , I 'll be dealing with a publicist and all that comes with that .
To tell the truth , I have no idea what to expect .
Up to this point , I 've done it all on my own , so having other people working for me is bizarre .
I 've talked to other authors who are in the program and they said that as their books got closer to release , the publicity campaign was stepped up , and they were on radio shows , etc .
This week , it 's BEA , and their marketing team is in town passing out galleys to booksellers and librarians .
We 've met a few times and they 've been patient with the amount of questions I 've hit them with .
JONES : What is the difference between an Amazon Encore book and a regular book created and sold through their self - publishing platform ?
HERZ : I do n't know anything about their self - publishing platform .
I can tell you that they copy - edited the book for grammar ( which was badly needed ) , hired out a company to redesign the cover ( which they allowed me to be a part of ) and are paying for the printing and distribution .
That is a big deal , because as I told you in our last interview , the distribution game is wild and wooly .
Do people still say wooly ?
Anyhow , bookstores , both big and small , usually have you go through a distributor , which can be very costly with both time and resources .
Returns , shipping , printing , marketing -- those are all on you if you publish yourself .
Amazon Encore is taking care of all of that .
In addition , they approach booksellers and help get the book into stores and into other online venues .
JONES : Do you have a Kindle yet ?
HERZ : I do n't , but I am finding myself wanting one more and more .
I see them on the train everyday .
I 'm afraid though , because I like books like I like typewriters -- much more fun to use , but not always the best way to go .
I will eventually get one I think .
I mean , I have all my old Coltrane records and love to listen to them , but I have an iPod as well , which I can't lie -- I use all the time .
I have no idea , really .
Still , I 'd love to go to Starbucks down in Union Square where all those people are on their laptops and start banging away on my typewriter .
If you want to come and cover that , we can hook it up .
Maybe not -- seems funny when I 'm writing this .
You tell me .
JONES : Are you allowed to make " The Last Block in Harlem " available for other electronic platforms , such as the iPad , Scribd , or Google Editions ?
HERZ :
All of that is up to my publisher now .
I do n't know how they are going to go about that .
The book is not just going to be on Amazon -- it 'll be in stores as well , and is now available through a variety of platforms .
Right now I 'm just concerned with reaction to the book , you know ?
I 've gotten emails back from people to whom I sold the first edition saying they loved it , or , in some cases , liked this but did n't like that , and even a few what ifs ... but , I 'm interested to see what the public thinks when it 's presented in the pool with the rest of the kids .
Are the floaties we 're using better than the others ?
JONES : Have you read any of the other books selected for Amazon Encore this year ?
Are they any good ?
HERZ : Whenever I have time .
I have been working on my next book to have ready when this one drops .
I have n't been reading much of anything these days other than research .
The marketing team took a few of the authors out for dinner the other night and I met Laurie Fabiano who wrote Elizabeth Street -- a book about her family and Little Italy and all of the amazing things that go on in the underworld right before your eyes .
I started that on the train and it 's great .
Most of the authors signed by Encore , well ALL actually , have had much more success before they were signed than I did .
Again , my book was only out for 3 months before they approached me .
I came in through the back alley because I found the unmarked door and created a password to get into the speakeasy .
Still , the music is sweet .
Did I answer the question ?
JONES : How important were your Amazon reviews as far as being selected for the Encore program ?
HERZ : For me , not at all .
They guy read about me doing my thing on the streets and he contacted me based on the work itself .
That 's one of the reasons I was so drawn to doing this .
I felt that , even though Encore was a part of Amazon , they were traditional in the fact that they really wanted to work with authors on a personal level to create good books .
I have found them to be very author focused .
However , I think generally that they base tons off of reviews .
JONES : How much editing did they do on your book ?
Did they hire an editor from outside , or does Amazon have its own editorial staff ?
HERZ :
They did n't touch one word as far as the story goes .
An outside company was hired to do the copy -editing .
They edited for grammar and then sent me the manuscript to either stet or approve any comments .
3 rounds of that !
I was amazed .
They did a great job .
At times , they even found things that I never knew were wrong .
At one point I had a story appear as being printed on the back page of the New York Post , and the editor 's comment was " Only Sports stories appear on the back page of the Post . "
Amazing .
I loved it .
I was very happy with what they did -- and with how they let the story stay as it was .
They were extremely professional and dove into the work to make it shine .
JONES : Is Amazon going to send you on a book tour to promote " The Last Block in Harlem ? " HERZ : I do n't know .
Let 's see how the reviews are .
As I said , as the release date gets closer , I 'll know more .
In the contract , it seemed to call out that I would be going to events , so we 'll see .
JONES : Are you finding different readers on Amazon ?
HERZ : The book is not available yet .
Only for pre sale .
JONES : Did they try and get you to change your ending ?
HERZ : Nope .
I 'm sure you 're upset about that though .
They were very respectful of the work and have the mindset that since they picked this up as it is , why change the story ?
They are very author focused and seem to be pushing the lines of what fiction can do .
I liked that about them .
Maybe you should call them and talk to them about the ending -- though I have had some good responses from it .
Sometimes people just shake their heads like I 'm crazy , but I like it .
Well , " like " is a strange term .
The ending works and it's the only way it could have ended .
We 'll have a few drinks at some point and go over it again .
Ca n't wait for that .
JONES : Now that Amazon is your publisher , do they have first dibs on your next book ?
HERZ : They do , and I 'm fine with that .
They took a chance on me and I would like to grow as they grow .
And , it 's Amazon Encore -- their publishing company , not Amazon itself .
They are their own group , but still Amazon .
All of their resources of Amazon but being run as a publishing company .
The fact that I have someone to send the next book to right away motivates me to finish .
I 'm at the half - way point on that one .
JONES : Does Amazon have an office in New York ?
HERZ : I do n't think so .
They seem to be in Seattle .
That 's cool though .
My dad used to live in Seattle and I remember going to Space Port when I visited him and playing Video games in the arcade and watching the hydro - plane races .
Very green up there .
It 's like a secret city that nobody wants you to know about .
JONES : What are some of the advantages as far as the Encore program is concerned ?
HERZ : The advantages are huge .
You have Amazon 's global reach , their distribution , the care they take with the authors , and their built - in network of readers and reviewers .
People are more likely to buy from them .
What I mean by that is that buyers are used to purchasing from their platform because they have an Amazon Account .
It 's the brand and familiarity that the user has with the experience .
User experience is pretty important for the buying process .
The major advantage for me though is the people involved .
I have been in direct contact with their acquisitions and marketing departments for the past few months and am excited to see what they do with all the plans we 've put together .
They hustled for me like crazy at the recent BEA , and are really doing an amazing job at putting the word out .
Having people behind a novel , a work of fiction , is rare -- but they believe in what they do and are passionate about what they are trying to put out in the world .
As you know , The Last Block in Harlem is about trying to put something decent into a world that always wants to produce trash .
I feel like being part of the Amazon Encore family is a step towards that .
Though I had to start on the path alone , I feel it is no accident that we met each other on this journey .
Even though my son has been attending Ala Costa less than a year , I already cannot imagine our lives without it .
Ala Costa is more than a program for my son‘s afternoons .
It is the support system I have always wished for , with staff that genuinely care , very deeply , about my son and our entire family .
Jackie , Ala Costa Parent
Even though my son has been attending Ala Costa less than a year , I already cannot imagine our lives without it .
Ala Costa is more than a program for my son‘s afternoons .
It is the support system I have always wished for , with staff that genuinely care , very deeply , about my son and our entire family .
Jackie , Ala Costa Parent
When going to the cinema on your own just is n't an option , sometimes you wind up dragging along some helpless individual just to bump up the numbers .
For the following movie experiences , I apologise .
Baise Moi ( London , 2000 )
Paranormal Activity ( Cambridge , 2009 )
The Orphic Trilogy ( Chester , 2006 )
Look Who 's Talking Too ( Shrewsbury , 1990 )
Speed ( Wrexham 1994 )
Follow us on Twitter @ The_Shiznit for more fun features , film reviews and occasional commentary on what the best type of crisps are .
Dear Jo Farncombe , Ah , the summer of 2000 .
What a heady few months they were .
Two best friends from a tiny rural town in Shropshire ; living and working in London for the first time .
So innocent , so pure , so ' Jo and Christopher ' .
We were in love with film and we greedily devoured every cinematic gift that came our way , and for that one gorgeous summer , my friend , we were in the perfect place to receive those treasures .
On a hot , late - August afternoon , you and I went to the Curzon in Soho to see Baise Moi .
You squirmed .
I squirmed .
We witnessed fully explicit vaginal penetration on screen for the first time and far larger than anyone really needs to see it .
I became aroused , then so very afraid .
I dare not speak of what was happening on your side of the cup holder ... We left the cinema in the early evening , changed .
The sun still beamed down on us but it made no difference .
It felt altered somehow .
Everything felt altered now .
We felt altered .
We could have blamed the big city .
We could have blamed the film .
Instead we blamed each other .
I never saw you again .
Sincerely , Dear Alexia Smith , My long - term girlfriend , Alexia , things are now hanging by a tiny thread .
In fact I realise I can draw a distinct line straight back through to last December ... You said : " I know it 's your birthday , but I just do n't like horror films . "
I ignored you .
We saw Paranormal Activity .
Now you wo n't go upstairs anymore .
Upstairs is where our bedroom is .
In our bedroom is where the attic is .
Therefore you wo n't go in the bedroom .
That is where our best stuff is .
You refuse to have sex in the kitchen .
I have made so many mistakes .
Sincerely , Dear Jack Gocher , There are those who say you can't mix weighty film criticism with babysitting one 's 4 year - old nephew .
Those people may just be right .
Oh Jack , your tiny infant mind struggled with the complex themes of artistic obsession , poeticism and the power of metaphor .
And although you could probably fathom that these three masterpieces ( running time totalling 225 minutes ) were decadent and playfully subversive , I feel the larger meta - textual layers were beyond you .
You held a vacant stare for weeks afterwards that no amount of Spongebob Squarepants could erase .
Sincerely , PS . Your suggestions for my Film International editorial piece were largely amateurish .
Dear Mr & Mrs Radcliffe , This apology is regarding any film I saw on any given birthday with you , my Mum and Dad , throughout the late eighties and early nineties .
Ghostbusters 2 , Home Alone 2 , Never Ending Story 2 , Teen Wolf Too , Karate Kid 2 ... Sigh .Dad , during that period of time your favourite films included A Clockwork Orange and Blade Runner .
This must have been a heavily traumatic experience for you .
But then I suppose that 's the ultimate sacrifice a person makes when they have a child : taste .
Look Who 's Talking
Too is most notable for having a title that makes you picture a very wacky gentleman saying the title whilst pointing and shaking his head in disbelief .
This is what a prick looks like .
The second sequel included a dog .
We saw that one too .
For fuck 's sake .
Sincerely , Dear Sarah Butters , My high school crush .
You loved Keanu Reeves .
I loved you .
I invited you to see Speed with me .
Unbelievably you accepted .
I thought that Keanu Reeves ' heroism and vacant yet chiselled handsomeness would somehow reflect on to me .
Instead you fell in love with Keanu Reeves even harder .
I had to sit through Speed .
I had failed to win your heart .
I left you at the retail park without a lift home .
My bad .
Sincerely ,
Australian customs officers have been given new powers to search incoming travellers ' laptops and mobile phones for pornography , a spokeswoman for the Australian sex industry says .
Fiona Patten , president of the Australian Sex Party , is demanding an inquiry into why a new question appears on Incoming Passenger Cards asking people if they are carrying " pornography " .
Patten said officials now had an unfettered right to examine travellers ' electronic devices , marking the beginning of a new era of official investigation into people 's private lives .
She questioned whether it was appropriate to search people for legal R18 + and X18 + material .
“ Is it fair that customs officers rummage through someone 's luggage and pull out a legal men's magazine or a lesbian journal in front of their children or their mother - in - law ? ” she said .
" If you and your partner have filmed or photographed yourselves making love in an exotic destination or even taking a bath , you will have to answer ' Yes ' to the question or you will be breaking the law . "
High Times in the German Capital Berlin Set to Relax Cannabis Laws
A new marijuana policy could make it legal for individuals to posses up to 15 grams ( 0.5 ounces ) of the drug in the German capital .
The regulation would make Berlin among the most cannabis - friendly in Europe .
Mountaintop wind turbines produce most of their energy at night , when electricity demand and prices are low .
That limits revenue and makes it hard for utility companies to meet state goals for high percentages of renewable energy .
Batteries could solve the problem , but they have always been too expensive .
Still , a small New Jersey company , Grid Storage Technologies of Newark , plans to install two batteries on the grid late this year that would store bulk amounts of energy .
By charging up at hours when electricity is almost free and discharging the power when it is expensive , the thinking goes , the batteries would earn their owners a profit through arbitrage .
Grid Storage Technologies
Commercial success will probably have to await a higher volume of production , allowing manufacturing costs to fall , and the imposition of a price on higher carbon dioxide emissions .
If Congress penalizes emissions of carbon dioxide from electricity generated by gas turbines , a rival source of power , that would also help renewable energy become more competitive .
By moving the power in off - peak periods , the batteries could also reduce the strain on transmission lines in some locations .
They could also take the intermittency out of renewable energy sources like the wind and the sun .
“ It would make the wind dispatchable , which is the panacea for renewables , ’’ said Pat Hemlepp , a spokesman for American Electric Power , a major utility company that has installed five sodium - sulfur batteries on its system .
A.E.P.’s batteries are still too expensive to pay for themselves by shifting cheap power to peak hours , but they do earn their keep by improving reliability , Mr. Hemlepp said .
Grid Storage
Technologies says it has patented improvements for a battery that uses zinc , which is more plentiful and less expensive than lithium , the dominant material for new battery research .
The zinc battery takes in oxygen from air as part of the chemical reaction that gives off electricity and need not rely on a second chemical incorporated into the battery .
Late this year , the company expects to have a 100 - kilowatt unit connected at a Duke Energy substation in Charlotte , N.C. , and a unit that is 10 times that size , one megawatt , at a test facility in Chalfont .
Pa. , operated by Kema , an energy storage consulting firm .
The larger battery can store enough electricity to power an average house for about eight months .
It can deliver electricity for 12 to 16 cents per kilowatt - hour , said Benjamin C. Rogers , the company ’s president and chief operating officer .
That is above the average retail price of a kilowatt - hour , but below the peak cost in many areas and not much different from the cost of electricity from a natural gas plant that is built to run only in peak periods , a few hundred hours a year .
“ It ’s promising , ’’ said Richard M. Fioravanti , Kema ’s director of storage applications and support .
If the battery can be produced at the price anticipated , he said , it could play several roles , including the delivery of backup power for factories and offices .
HAS ACCOUNTABILITY BEEN DEEMED IMPOLITE ?….
The name of the game is , “ Talk about the oil spill disaster without implicating the Bush administration in any way , ever . ”
Kate Sheppard reports on some of the latest efforts to play the game effectively .
The Obama administration has faced harsh criticism for its oversight of offshore oil and gas development in the wake of the Deepwater Horizon disaster .
The most absurd commentary , of course , comes from Republicans who have consistently pushed back against any attempts to regulate industry for years .
The administration has been fighting back , but no one wants to actually call the problem by its name : the Bush administration .
At a House hearing Wednesday , Doug Lamborn ( R - Colo . ) accused Salazar of “ harping on what MMS did or did n’t do in the previous administration .
“ Why are n’t we talking about the here and now ? ” asked Lamborn .
Salazar shot back about the efforts they ’ve taken to reform the beleaguered agency .
“ Unlike the prior administration , this is not the candy store for the oil and gas kingdom that you and others were a part of , ” he deadpanned .
Lamborn ’s question for Salazar was almost comical .
“ Why are n’t we talking about the here and now ? ”
Well , we are .
And in the here and now , we ’re dealing with some of the consequences of the Bush administration ’s corruption , incompetence , and mismanagement .
It ’s not some academic or partisan exercise — the line between Bush / Cheney - era policies and today ’s nightmares is straight and direct .
But apparently no one is supposed to mention this .
Blaming Bush / Cheney for their own administration ’s spectacular failures has been deemed … rude .
Uncouth .
Downright uncivilized .
At yesterday ’s White House press conference , CBS News ’ Chip Reid sounded downright annoyed by efforts to connect Bush - era corruption and mismanagement to the mess — not because the efforts were wrong , but because the statute of political limitations had apparently run out .
But that ’s ridiculous .
As we talked about yesterday , it was n’t Obama who approved this rig .
It was n’t Obama who ignored the need for remote acoustic shutoff switches .
It was n’t Obama who corrupted the MMS .
It was n’t Obama who spent eight years downplaying the need for regulations and oversight of the oil industry .
Sheppard added :
… Republican badgering of the administration over the issue is fairly absurd .
Fixing the troubled agency was one of the very first things Salazar sought to address after taking office , announcing a restructuring of MMS ’s royalty - in - kind program , calling for a Justice Department investigation , and instating a new conduct code for the agency in the first days after taking office .
The Obama Department of Interior could have done more , of course , to improve the beleaguered agency .
But the root of this is still the one name they wo n’t say : George W. Bush .
I suspect the right wants to make discussion of Bush / Cheney off limits for one inescapable reason : the truth hurts .
Others worry they ’ll be labeled with a mental illness , a notion that mental health experts now dismiss .
“ Those who exhibit violence during sleep , or scream , or swear , or masturbate , or eat frozen ravioli , or wander into the hallway in their underwear while asleep generally have no more of a psychological disorder than those who sleep peacefully every night , ” Dr. Schenck writes in his book “ Sleep : The Mysteries , the Problems and the Solutions ” ( Penguin / Avery , 2007 ) .
“ I thought this was just the way I was , ” said Sarah Tracey , a 22 - year - old radiation therapist and sleep eater from Canton , Mass .
“ I usually get up four or five times a night .
I ’ve been doing it since I was 11 or 12 - ish . ”
When she worried that her disturbed sleep would affect her job performance , she did what so many others do - she searched online , where she found an article about sleep eating as well as an ongoing study about the disorder .
“ It was a huge relief to realize that it ’s a real condition and I ’m not being crazy . ”
Scientists now divide parasomnias into two main groups , depending on whether or not they occur during the rapid eye movement , or REM , phase of sleep , when dreaming occurs .
About 0.5 percent of adults , mostly men , have a rare condition called REM sleep behavior disorder that causes violent thrashing during sleep .
There are other REM disorders , including nightmare disorder , marked by horribly disturbing dreams .
One of the most terrifying parasomnias , Dr. Schenck said , is sleep paralysis , which really does not fit into either of the main categories .
It hits people as they are about to fall asleep or are about to wake up , rendering them unable to move .
Clonazepam , an anticonvulsant and anti-anxiety medication , helps up to 90 percent of people with REM sleep behavior disorder , though it makes some people drowsy the following day .
Cal Pope , the sleep thrasher in the parasomnia documentary , has taken the pills successfully for years , though Dr. Schenck cautions that when people stop taking the drug , even for a few days , the sleep violence can return immediately .
Recent evidence also suggests that REM sleep behavior disorder may be an early harbinger of Parkinson ’s disease or other neurodegenerative disorders linked to defects in the dopamine system in the brain .
These clues have prompted some experts to use drugs like pramipexole ( Mirapex ) that boost dopamine levels to treat people who thrash in their sleep .
In a small study published in Sleep Medicine , Dr. Markus H. Schmidt , the medical director of the Ohio Sleep Medicine Institute , found that pramipexole helped nine of 10 volunteers .
GM unveils SUV version of the Volt
Chevrolet 's Volt MPV5 concept vehicle .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) -- General Motors is preparing to unveil a five - seat crossover SUV based on the Chevrolet Volt electric .
The vehicle , which GM is calling a " concept , " was unveiled at a car show in China .
" The five - passenger multi- purpose crossover concept demonstrates the potential of the Voltec propulsion system by utilizing the same foundation as the Volt , for gas - and tailpipe emissions - free electric driving , " GM said in a statement .
Voltec is GM 's name for the extended - range electric propulsion system used in the Chevrolet Volt .
Special attention was paid to aerodynamics designing the Volt MPV5 concept vehicle , GM said .
The front of the vehicle is very similar to that of the Chevrolet Volt .
Like the Volt , it has a closed grill to optimize air flow around the vehicle .
The Volt MPV5 also has a dual sunroof panels in the roof and large 19 - inch wheels .
The MPV5's tall , wagon - like body provides more interior space than the Volt sedan .
The production version of the Volt , which is due to go on sale in the United States by the end of this year , seats only four .
It has 30.5 cubic feet of cargo space behind the back seats , compared to the Volt 's maximum cargo space of 11 cubic feet .
As in the Chevrolet Volt car , the MPV5's wheels are powered by electricity coming from a large lithium - ion battery .
The MPV5 can drive up to 32 miles in city traffic on a fully charged battery .
A small gasoline engine generates electricity for longer drives .
We have received a tip that we cannot confirm , hence our “ RUMOR ” designation , that nonetheless has at least an air of credibility about it that says , “ Apple is planning to make MobileMe free . ”
MobileMe is Apple ’s $ 99 per year service ( it can be purchased for less ) that keeps your email , contacts , and calendar information in the “ cloud ” and uses push technology to keep everything in sync across your iPhone , iPad , Mac , PC , and the web automatically .
MobileMe also offers MobileMe Gallery for sharing your photos , Find My iPhone and Find my iPad , which helps you locate your lost ( or stolen ) device , Remote Wipe , which allows you to remotely delete your personal information and restore devices to their to the factory settings , iDisk , for storing , accessing , and sharing files online ( starts at 20 GB ) , Me.com , a suite of ad - free web applications — Mail , Contacts , Calendar , Gallery , iDisk , and Find My iPhone — all accessible from a browser on any Mac or PC , Back to My Mac puts any Mac OS X Leopard - or Snow Leopard - based Mac you use within easy reach from anywhere , Secure iChat , which lets you protect your chats with robust , 128 - bit encryption , the free iDisk app which lets you view files on your iDisk right on your iPad , iPhone or iPod touch , share content from iPhoto , iMovie , QuickTime , and Aperture , seamless iWeb integration , personal domain name hosting , and more .
MobileMe was originally launched on January 5 , 2000 , as “ iTools , ” a free collection of Internet - based services for users of Mac OS 9 .
iTools was relaunched as “ . Mac ” on July 17 , 2002 , when it became a $ 99 per year subscription service .
.
Mac was relaunched as “ MobileMe ” at WWDC 2008 on July 9 , 2008 .
No timeframe was given for MobileMe to go free , other than : “ sooner than later … depends on certain facilities going operational . ”
That ’s all we have at this time .
Again , this is an unconfirmed RUMOR .
Palestinian emergency services and witnesses said Israel Defense Forces soldiers killed one Palestinian and wounded another near the border with Gaza , Israel Radio reported on Saturday .
Open gallery view Palestinian flags flutter at Israel 's border with Gaza , April 6 , 2010 Credit : AP
Medical officials in Gaza said the man , who was 75 and whose body was only discovered on Saturday when it became light , had been shot several times .
They added that his family had reported he had been missing for two days .
The army spokesman said troops had spotted the man during darkness hours in an area that the military designated a combat zone that is off limits because of many attacks attempted by Palestinian militants on border patrols .
The wounded man , a 22 - year - old Palestinian , was hospitalized for treatment .
The latest incidents came as Palestinians and Israeli Arabs commemorated the Nakba , ( catastrophe in Arabic ) , with thousands of Palestinians marching in Gaza to mark 62 years of displacement .
Hundreds of thousands of Palestinians fled or were driven out during the 1948 war surrounding Israel 's creation .
In Saturday 's rally , Palestinians attempted to overcome their current internal divisions , at least briefly , by protesting together .
Gaza 's Hamas rulers marched alongside their bitter rivals Fatah .
They waved Palestinian flags and carried a giant key that is symbolic of their hoped - for return .
Some five million Palestinian refugees and their descendants are scattered through the Mideast .
" Fantastic , " says Sean Paige of the financial crunch that is slowly throttling public services in Colorado Springs .
" I welcome it . "
Never mind that a third of the street lights have been dark since February and the citizenry may soon be asked to take their own lawn mowers to city parks to trim the grass .
Energised would best describe the state of mind of Mr Paige , who serves on the nine - member city council .
Across the road from where we are drinking our over - sweetened fizzy drinks , a crowd of 2,000 Tea Party supporters has gathered to protest " big government " in America and the taxes they pay to fund it .
( It is Tax Day in the US when the whole country files its tax returns . )
Paige flashes a handsome smile ; his kind of people .
While cities across the US are struggling with diminished tax receipts and the ugly task of paring budgets , the situation is already much worse here in Colorado Springs .
Or better , depending on your point of view .
Because there are people here , Mr Paige among them , who think that the drying up of city coffers , while painful for a few , offers a broader opportunity .
It 's time to get public servants out of public services .
It is not unimportant that this town is home to Douglas Bruce , the gnarly hero of the small government movement here and author of Tabor – the taxpayer 's bill of rights that was written into law in Colorado and many of its municipalities more than a decade ago .
It cripples public finances by forcing politicians to seek popular approval each and every time they want to expand taxes .
It also includes a mechanism whereby they must return money to taxpayers if ever they start to run to big a budget surplus .
Mr Paige strides into the throng of Tea Party protestors to hand out flyers for a " Freedom Festival " he is planning for next month that will bring together small - government advocates from across the region .
He contends that it is the perfect time for the city to get out of running things like parks , pools and community centres – he believes the private sector , charities and churches will do it better for less money .
This is what some are already calling the " Grand Experiment " of Colorado Springs , which is expected to face a revenue shortfall this year of about $ 28 m ( £ 18 m ) or 10 per cent of its whole budget , brought about in part by the recession and also by the strangulating effects of the Tabor laws .
But if this experiment is to be embraced and pursued , then the question arises : how far should it be taken ?
It is not just about lights and lawns .
Buses no longer run at weekends or at night ; services at community centres have been drastically reduced ; at least two of the city 's six pools will be closed .
The police department 's two helicopters have been pawned off on eBay .
In the new spirit of volunteerism , taxi drivers must double up as amateur cops watching for crooks while traditional police patrols are trimmed .
" We are engaged in an experiment here whether we like it or not , " says David Munger , a consultant and lobbyist who is on a committee examining a possible sale of the municipal hospital to raise cash .
" It seems we are trying to find out how little government is enough government . "
Never one to hold back , Mr Bruce , 62 , thinks he has the answer .
" If we cut the city budget in half , that might be a reasonable amount , " he said in an interview .
Rather than applauding the council , he derides its efforts at cuts .
" It 's like performing liposuction on a whale with a teaspoon , " he says .
In a variation on the old joke , he says it took four city employees to turn off each of the darkened street lamps .
Mr Bruce , who whips from his shirt pocket a copy of the US Constitution signed by Clarence Thomas , the conservative Supreme Court Justice , is unconcerned about service cuts .
The city 's four community centres , which faced closure until the Council at the 11th hour scraped together a lifeline subsidy to last them the rest of this year , are , he says , " a bunch of parasites " .
They inflate the numbers of residents – the poor , the old and the young – who rely on them , he says .
" It 's the same with the buses .
They are used by 1 per cent of the people .
It would be cheaper to buy them all cars . "
Not that he would , of course .
While Mr Bruce does not advocating shuttering government entirely – " I am not an anarchist " – he equates taxation to oppression .
And like many radical conservatives here he indulges in hyper - ventilated comparisons with Communism , Marxism and what he takes to calling the S - word to protect the sensibilities of a visiting reporter – socialism .
" I have a book at home where it says , ' Thou shalt not steal . '
The government is stealing from us to redistribute the wealth and that is a key component of the Communist manifesto .
Taking money from one group and giving it to another – I call that stealing . "
Paige , who faces re-election next April , cannot afford to be as ideological or as cold when it comes to the cuts .
He claims to believe in the capacity of do - gooders and the private sector to " step up " to replace the safety net .
" No doubt the cuts will fall far harder on lower income people , " he admits .
" That does n't mean we can't find partnerships to fill the gaps .
There are a lot of affluent people in this town . "
Not everyone is convinced , however .
" This is just not sustainable , " argues local philanthropist and former council member Mary Ellen McNally .
She notes that an attempt by the council last autumn fractionally to raise property taxes , historically low in the city compared to others in the US , was roundly thwarted by the voters .
She does n't buy the private sector - charities argument .
" The people in Colorado Springs are going to have to realise that if you want services you have to pay taxes to pay for them .
We are at a tipping point here .
We have to get people to pay taxes or things are going to continue to deteriorate . "
Just as sceptical is Brian Kates , a 38 - year - old transplant from Boston who , as a city employee , runs the Meadows Park Community Center , located in a small converted shopping mall in a part of town that boasts modest , one - floor bungalow homes , not mountain - view mansions .
After cutting his budget by more than 50 per cent , he has now been told to find a way to sustain its services without city help by the start of next year .
It may or may not happen .
The situation infuriates him .
" I feel like a peacock in a herd of penguins , " Mr Kates says of what 's going on in Colorado Springs .
" Where I come from it 's not a question of ' Do I personally need this service , it 's ' What kind of community do I want to participate in . '
Pay the taxes , spread the wealth , do n't keep score .
It 's not about ' How am I doing and what services am I personally going to use ? '
Some call this a selfish approach and others call it fiscal responsibility , depending on which end of the spectrum you are on . "
The people most hurt by the cuts – the people who patronise his centre – already feel too disenfranchised to speak up or try to resist , Mr Kates explains .
Meanwhile , there are n't enough other people in the community willing to get angry .
Take Tomm Mitchel , who has come to the anti-tax rally in the city 's tiny downtown Acacia Park to hear the messages about small government and oppression through taxation .
As a resident of the city – he works nights in a warehouse in Denver – is he angry about the service cuts ?
" I have no problem with them at all , " Mr Mitchel , 42 , replies without pause .
" They could close down the parks , I am not that interested in them . "
That said , he has joined a citizens ' volunteer group taking over the job of emptying the rubbish bins in the parks .
The apparent equanimity of the wider population in the face of the service evisceration – some voters wrote to the council asking that more street lights be extinguished on environmental grounds – may partly have to do with where the city is and the old frontier history of the American West , Mr Kates suggests .
" It 's the old mentality of lift yourself by your boot straps and ' I am going to be self - sufficient , ' and that 's really how it was in the Western states in the beginning . "
Sipping his drink at the King Chef diner near City Hall , Mr Paige would not disagree .
" This is the perfect city to be doing this kind of thing , because we have a tradition of giving and philanthropy and volunteerism , " he suggests .
Indeed he thinks that Colorado Springs is creating a new model for cutting government and privatising services that cities across the country will eventually follow .
" I am personally optimistic about where we are going to end up , " says Mr Munger , whose formal job title is President of the Council of Neighbours and Organisations .
" It 's going to look like that something that of course would n't fly in cities like Boston or Cleveland say , but it 's going to work here . "
He hopes .
Colorado Springs :
How services have been cut
* One third of the Colorado Springs ' 24,512 street lights were turned off earlier this year to save around $ 1.245 m .
Residents can adopt a streetlight if they pay $ 100 a year .
* To relieve the overstretched police force , the aptly named Cabs on Patrol programme asks 150 taxi drivers to report any crime or suspicious activity seen while driving around the city .
* Park budgets have been slashed by 75 per cent .
Grass is mown monthly instead of weekly , bins have been removed so authorities do not need to pay for rubbish to be collected and public toilets have been closed .
* Nine city buses were sold and services no longer operate on evenings or weekends .
5 Planes
Imagine that you make one intercontinental trip per year by plane .
How
much energy does that cost ?
A Boeing 747-400 with 240 000 litres of fuel carries 416 passengers about
8 800 miles ( 14 200 km ) .
And fuel ’s calorific value is 10 kWh per litre .
( We
learned that in Chapter 3 . )
So the energy cost of one full - distance roundtrip
on such a plane , if divided equally among the passengers , is
2 × 240 000 litre × 10 kWh / litre ≈ 12 000 kWh per passenger 416 passengers
If you make one such trip per year , then your average energy consumption
per day is
12 000 kWh ≈ 33 kWh / day 365 days
14 200 km is a little further than London to Cape Town ( 10 000 km ) and
London to Los Angeles ( 9000 km ) , so I think we ’ve slightly overestimated
the distance of a typical long - range intercontinental trip ; but we ’ve also
overestimated the fullness of the plane , and the energy cost per person is
more if the plane ’s not full .
Scaling down by 10 000 km / 14 200 km to get an
estimate for Cape Town , then up again by 100/ 80 to allow for the plane ’s
being 80 % full , we arrive at 29 kWh per day .
For ease of memorization , I’ll
round this up to 30 kWh per day .
Let ’s make clear what this means .
Flying once per year has an energy
cost slightly bigger than leaving a 1 kW electric fire on , non-stop , 24 hours
a day , all year .
Just as Chapter 3 , in which we estimated consumption by cars , was
accompanied by Chapter A , offering a model of where the energy goes in
cars , this chapter ’s technical partner ( Chapter C , p269 ) , discusses where
the energy goes in planes .
Chapter C allows us to answer questions such
as “ would air travel consume significantly less energy if we travelled in
slower planes ? ”
The answer is no : in contrast to wheeled vehicles , which
can get more efficient the slower they go , planes are already almost as
energy - efficient as they could possibly be .
Planes unavoidably have to use
energy for two reasons : they have to throw air down in order to stay up ,
and they need energy to overcome air resistance .
No redesign of a plane
is going to radically improve its efficiency .
A 10 % improvement ?
Yes ,
possible .
A doubling of efficiency ?
I ’d eat my complimentary socks .
Queries
Are n’t turboprop aircraft far more energy - efficient ?
No .
The “ comfortably greener ” Bombardier Q400 NextGen , “ the most
technologically advanced turboprop in the world , ” according to its manu -
Figure 5.1 .
Taking one intercontinental trip per year uses about 30 kWh per day .
In today ’s post I would like to talk about a subject I have read many very good articles on .
Also this subject has been spoken about many times by my mentors .
The subject deals with a wide range of opinion as to how and why influence is the road to a successful business .
When I was in the Navy one of the first lessons I learned about being in control and having to delegate authority to those under me was influence .
If I was not influential to them I did not get the respect or work done I had to achieve .
In short I was not successful .
So first we must understand what influence is .
It is the power to sway , the power that somebody has to affect other people ’s thinking or actions by means of argument , discussion , example , or force of personality .
Remember this thought as you think about the people who speak with you everyday on your business and life .
Influential people succeed and non-influential people do n’t .
The fact is most people do not know how to speak or think about what they are saying at any given moment .
They do not choose their words carefully or understand how people around them perceive the power or lack of power in the words they choose to use .
To be influential to those customers you seek to do business with the first thing is understanding all words have power and the right words spoken can drive a conversation .
The second thing is that no one opinion carries more weight than the other in a group of people gunning to be heard .
Many people in these situations try to shout , use hand , or body gestures in a forceful way believing this is the best way to get their opinions a crossed .
However shouting out words in loud tones does not necessary add power or influence .
In many cases it turns those around you away or makes them feel less a part of the conversation .
Influential people do not have to shout or demand to be heard nor do they have to dominate any one conversation as to getting their points out before anyone else .
Remember , people are motivated for their reasons , not yours .
Any new business has begun to create focus groups that inspire those they do business with and their employees to speak at least to one person with whom they can openly and unashamedly discuss every little detailed happenings , desires , and fears of their life , whether it is from the past , present , or future .
Knowing self awareness is the bases for influencing others as to good and positive business practices and ideas of achievement .
Great mentors , advisers and communicators do n’t focus extremely on the people shouting or trying to be heard or those that have no listening skills .
They have a high degree of self - awareness and are very patient knowing that in time they will get their chance to speak .
Influential people do not trap or compromise their thoughts or positions with small minded negative peoples emotions or arguments that go no where .
Influential people think and know how to listen and only speak when the words they say will carry meaning not easily forgotten .
Please check out our links to the right .
Mark & Tammy Cowell
A RETIRED headteacher has set a new world record by keeping a ferret down his trousers for 5 hours and 30 minutes .
Frank Bartlett , 67 , beat the previous record of 5 hours 26 minutes at a fundraising event in Whittington , Staffordshire on Sunday .
Fellow villager Christine Farnsworth joined Bartlett in his efforts and achieved an identical time .
Putting ferrets down trousers as an endurance test is known as " ferret - legging " .
Barlett 's decision to resurrect the unusual sport had previously drawn criticism from the National Ferret School , which argued that Sunday 's event would cause the animals unnecessary stress and discomfort .
However , Bartlett had dismissed the accusations by insisting that the ferrets would be placed in baggy trousers and " would probably go to sleep " during the challenge .
The ferret - legging day ultimately raised over £ 1,000 for the Whittington Community First Responders group .
Originally published as Man breaks ferret down pants record
US officials today mocked the diplomacy effort by Turkey and Brazil to come to some sort of accommodation on Iran ’s civilian nuclear program , with Secretary of State Hillary Clinton reportedly calling Turkey ’s Foreign Minister to inform him the effort is n’t “ serious . ”
State Department spokesman PJ Crowley says Clinton informed FM Davutoglu that the effort was “ an attempt to stop Security Council action without actually taking steps to address international concerns . ”
At the same time as officials are making such open efforts to sabotage the Turko - Brazilian third party enrichment effort , State Department officials are also presenting it as a “ last chance ” for diplomacy .
Yet the Obama Administration , for all its talk of seeking a diplomatic solution , has shown remarkable bad faith in its approach to Iran , repeatedly blocking attempts at negotiations even though it is increasingly clear that support for the sanctions simply is n’t there while the prospect of diplomacy looms .
Despite this , US Ambassador Susan Rice today insisted “ good progress ” was being made on the sanctions , a remark which would likely have carried more weight if the administration had n’t made virtually identical claims on at least a weekly basis for several months now , and without any of the Security Council members apparently changing their minds on their positions .
A while back I discovered a post on someone ’s blog that talked about using Emacs key bindings in bash .
Since then my efficiency in bash has gone up drastically as these key bindings are second nature to me .
This is definitely one of those cases where you wish you could go back in time to tell yourself something because you discovered it much too late in life .
Today I learned this can be taken a step further .
If you use Gnome as your window manager you can enable it to use the emacs key bindings as well .
This will work for any Gnome applications that were built using GTK .
At one point in time these bindings were enabled by default , however they were eventually disabled in the default configuration .
This was supposedly for the intent of simplifying Gnome .
To re-enable these key bindings hit F2 and enter gconf - editor or you can also enter it into the shell .
For those not familiar with gconf , it ’s similar to Windows Registry but a lot less temperamental and cluttered .
Navigate to / desktop / gnome / interface/gtk_key_theme and change the entry from Default to Emacs and close gconf - editor .
The change should be immediate , however some applications will pick up the change immediately .
To test it out , start up Firefox and try doing a kill ( c+k ) and then yank ( c+y ) , it should work just as it would within emacs .
When most folks think about George Foster Peabody awards for distinguished broadcast journalism , famous recipients like Edward R. Murrow or the Frontline TV series come to mind .
Certainly the vast majority of Peabody picks are either people or programs .
But the latest winners , announced on Wednesday , include a website : National Public Radio's " topically boundless counterpart , " as Peabody calls it .
Everybody else knows the site as npr.org .
" A whole lot of things considered , from ' South Park ' to North Korea , make this one of the great one - stop websites , " Peabody adds .
Needless to say , the suits over at the service are tickled pink by this prize .
" For all of us , today 's awards speak to NPR 's ability to adapt and grow while continuing to tell stories and create new online features that serve your needs and interests , " NPR Vice Presidents Ellen Weiss and Kinsey Wilson declared on the network 's blog .
Indeed , npr.org is quite something .
You can get the latest news , or hourly news , access a slew of music , listen to concerts , tune into all your favorite NPR shows , follow dozens of interviews , stick NPR widgets on your desktop , listen to great features about culture , find your local NPR station , or growl at NPR 's ombudsman , Alicia Shepard , all on one easy to navigate portal .
And the entire site comes — dare we say it — without commercial Web ads ( save for NPR donation widgets and the NPR Shop , of course ) .
But this award reflects more than the appeal and usefulness of NPR 's website .
We think it 's recognition that NPR represents one of broadcast radio's few success stories over the last decade .
Radio survivor
The master narrative of radio was brutally but accurately summarized by a Boston Globe market survey report in 2005 : " On Demand Killed the Radio Star — How Satellite Radio , the Internet , Podcasting and MP3 Players Are Changing the Terrestrial Radio Landscape . "
Add to that the foolhardy broadcasting mergers which followed the Telecom Act of 1996 , mix in this nasty recession , and you wind up with train wrecks like Citadel media , the nation 's third biggest broadcaster , whose shares closed at 1.6 cents last December following the company 's bankruptcy announcement .
NPR has not only survived all this , but compared to the rest of the pack , the network is thriving .
The service saw a huge boost in its listenership during the 2008 election — a 7 % jump , bringing the audience to 27.5 million listeners weekly .
At present , a third of the nation 's FM radio stations are classified as " educational , " and over 900 of those are either NPR affiliate stations or run some NPR programming .
On top of this , NPR has pursued an aggressive Internet and mobile broadband strategy , with a terrific Public Radio Player for the iPhone , which now has 2.5 million subscribers .
You can reach hundreds of public radio stations with the app , picking and choosing which show you want to listen to and when , or opting for demand streams that can be accessed at any time .
Plus there 's a mobile NPR.org ( m.npr.org ) , and an NPR news app for the Android .
It allows for backgrounding , so users can access other applications while tuning into headlines .
And of course since it's an Android , the code is open source .
And last week , NPR released a new read - write API that will allow other media services to post content to NPR as well as receive it .
The first participants in this experiment include Oregon Public Broadcasting and the Northwest News Network , followed by KQED in San Francisco , WBUR in Boston , and WXPN in Philadelphia .
More to come
Such is NPR 's zeal for keeping up with the cyberJoneses that the network is promising that it will be completely iPad compatible when said famous device is released by Apple on April 3 .
" From day one , iPad users who visit the NPR website will get an experience that is optimized for the device , " the Inside NPR blog pledges .
" Features like the NPR audio player have been given greater visibility and adapted for the unique technical requirements of this new platform ; we 've modified the navigation and made the site more ' touch ' friendly ; and we 've improved the sponsorship experience — all without changing the main site . "
Proactive , adaptive , and imaginative , public radio is keeping radio alive .
Congratulations to npr.org .
The Vatican believes that this newspaper and other news organizations have been unfair and overzealous in excavating the church ’s cover-ups of child rape .
I see the opposite .
No organization has done more to elevate the moral stature of the Catholic Church in the United States than The Boston Globe .
Its groundbreaking 2002 coverage of abuse by priests led to reforms and by most accounts a significant reduction in abuse .
Catholic kids are safer today not because of the cardinals ’ leadership , but because of The Boston Globe’s .
Image Nicholas D. Kristof Credit ... Fred R. Conrad / The New York Times
Yet the church leaders are right about one thing : there is often a liberal and secular snobbishness toward the church as a whole  and that is unfair .
It may be easy at a New York cocktail party to sniff derisively at a church whose apex is male chauvinist , homophobic and so out of touch that it bars the use of condoms even to curb AIDS .
But what about Father Michael Barton , a Catholic priest from Indianapolis ?
I met Father Michael in the remote village of Nyamlell , 150 miles from any paved road here in southern Sudan .
He runs four schools for children who would otherwise go without an education , and his graduates score at the top of statewide examinations .
Father Michael came to southern Sudan in 1978 and chatters fluently in Dinka and other local languages .
To keep his schools alive , he persevered through civil war , imprisonment and beatings , and a smorgasbord of disease .
“ It ’s very normal to have malaria , ” he said .
“ Intestinal parasites  that ’s just normal . ”
Father Michael may be the worst - dressed priest I ’ve ever seen  and the noblest .
Anybody scorn him ?
Anybody think he ’s a self - righteous hypocrite ?
Donate $ 25 for two DVDs of the Cryptome collection of files from June 1996 to the present Natsios Young Architects 31 May 2010
Anti-Israel Protest Photos
Police arrestsa protestor during a demonstration in front of the Israeli embassy in Athens on May 31 , 2010 .
Israeli forces in helicopters and inflatable boats fired on a Greek vessel in the aid convoy heading for Gaza , a Greek non-governmental organisation said Monday .
Getty Police drag a protestor during a pro-Palestine demonstration outside the Israeli embassy in Athens on May 31 , 29010 .
More than 10 people were killed by Israeli commandos when they stormed a ship which was part of a flotilla of six ships carrying 1,000 tonnes of aid from Cyprus to the Gaza Strip , Palestine .
The military strike happened about 40 miles ( 64 km ) out to sea , in international waters .
Israel says its soldiers were shot at and attacked with weapons , the activists onboard the aid ship say Israeli troops came on board shooting .
Around 600 activists onboard the ships were attempting to defy a blockade imposed by Israel after Political party Hamas took power in Gaza in 2007 .
Getty French plainclothes policemen take away a pro-Palestinian activist during clashes near the Israeli embassy in Paris , Monday , May 31 , 2010 .
Israeli naval commandos stormed a flotilla of ships carrying aid and hundreds of pro-Palestinian activists to the blockaded Gaza Strip on Monday , killing nine passengers in a botched raid that provoked international outrage and a diplomatic crisis .
AP
An Israeli Arab youth is detained by police during minor clashes that erupted in the northern town of Umm el - Fahm between police and stone - throwers who were protesting Israel 's interception of a convoy of Gaza - bound aid ships May 31 , 2010 .
Israeli marines stormed a Turkish aid ship bound for Gaza on Monday and 10 pro-Palestinian activists were killed , triggering a diplomatic crisis and plans for an emergency session of the U.N. Security Council .
Reuters
A pro-Palestinian protestor faces off with French riot police on the Champs Elysees near the Israeli embassy in Paris , May 31 , 2010 .
Israeli marines stormed a Turkish aid ship bound for Gaza on Monday and 10 pro-Palestinian activists were killed , triggering a diplomatic crisis and plans for an emergency session of the U.N. Security Council .
Reuters
A pro-Palestinian protester argues with a policeman in front of the Israeli embassy in Athens May 31 , 2010 .
Greek police fired teargas on Monday at demonstrators protesting outside the Israeli embassy in Athens over Israel 's storming of a Gaza - bound aid flotilla and the killing of pro-Palestinian activists .
Reuters
A woman looks at French anti-riot gendarmes on May 31 , 2010 in Paris during a demonstration against Israel 's deadly raid on an aid flotilla bound for Gaza Strip .
France 's President Nicolas Sarkozy accused Israel of a ' disproportionate use of force ' after Israeli naval forces stormed six ships bound for besieged Gaza with thousands of tonnes of aid and hundreds of pro-Palestinian activists aboard .
Getty French anti-riot gendarmes face protesters in Paris on May 31 , 2010 during a demonstration against Israel 's deadly raid on an aid flotilla bound for Gaza Strip .
France 's President Nicolas Sarkozy accused Israel of a ' disproportionate use of force ' after Israeli naval forces stormed six ships bound for besieged Gaza with thousands of tonnes of aid and hundreds of pro-Palestinian activists aboard .
Getty French anti-riot gendarmes face a protester in Paris on May 31 , 2010 during a demonstration against Israel 's deadly raid on an aid flotilla bound for Gaza Strip .
France 's President Nicolas Sarkozy accused Israel of a ' disproportionate use of force ' after Israeli naval forces stormed six ships bound for besieged Gaza with thousands of tonnes of aid and hundreds of pro-Palestinian activists aboard .
Getty A woman is hit by a fragment of a tear gas shot by French anti-riot policemen near the Israeli embassy in Paris on May 31 , 2010 during a demonstration against Israel 's deadly raid on an aid flotilla bound for Gaza Strip .
France 's President Nicolas Sarkozy accused Israel of a ' disproportionate use of force ' after Israeli naval forces stormed six ships bound for besieged Gaza with thousands of tonnes of aid and hundreds of pro-Palestinian activists aboard .
Getty embassy in Athens , Monday , May 31 , 2010 .
Israeli naval commandos stormed a flotilla of ships carrying aid and hundreds of pro-Palestinian activists to the blockaded Gaza Strip on Monday , killing nine passengers in a botched raid that provoked international outrage and a diplomatic crisis .
AP Riot policemen arrest a pro-Palestinian protester during a violent protest outside the Israeli embassy in Athens May 31 , 2010 .
Greek police fired teargas on Monday at demonstrators protesting outside the Israeli embassy in Athens over Israel 's storming of a Gaza - bound aid flotilla and the killing of pro-Palestinian activists .
Reuters Protesters clash with police outside the Israeli embassy in Athens , Monday , May 31 , 2010 .
Israeli naval commandos stormed a flotilla of ships carrying aid and hundreds of pro-Palestinian activists to the blockaded Gaza Strip on Monday , killing nine passengers in a botched raid that provoked international outrage and a diplomatic crisis .
AP A pro-Palestinian protester kicks a policeman in front of the Israeli embassy in Athens May 31 , 2010 .
Greek police fired teargas on Monday at demonstrators protesting outside the Israeli embassy in Athens over Israel 's storming of a Gaza - bound aid flotilla and the killing of pro-Palestinian activists .
Reuters Israeli policemen detain an Arab Israeli demonstrator in the Arab - Israeli town of Umm al - Fahm on May 31 , 2010 during clashes following a protest against Israel 's deadly raid on a convoy of aid ships destined for the Gaza strip .
Getty Israeli police detain a masked Arab Israeli protester during clashes in the northern Arab Israeli town of Umm el - Fahm , Monday , May 31 , 2010 .
The clashes erupted during a protest against an Israeli naval commando raid on a flotilla of ships carrying aid and hundreds of pro-Palestinian activists to the blockaded Gaza Strip on Monday , killing nine passengers .
Israeli security forces were on alert across the country .
AP
A demonstrator wearing an Israeli flag is confronted by pro-Palestinian demonstrators gathering outside the Israeli Embassy in London , Monday , May 31 , 2010 .
Israeli naval commandos stormed a flotilla of ships carrying aid and hundreds of pro-Palestinian activists to the blockaded Gaza Strip on Monday , killing nine passengers in a botched raid that provoked international outrage and a diplomatic crisis .
AP Protesters , at right , try to break through a police barricade as plain clothed police officers try to hold them back , during a demonstration outside the Israeli consulate in Istanbul , Monday , May 31 , 2010 .
Israeli naval commandos stormed a flotilla of ships carrying aid and hundreds of pro-Palestinian activists to the blockaded Gaza Strip on Monday , killing nine passengers in a botched raid that provoked international outrage and a diplomatic crisis .
AP Pro-Palestinian protestors demonstrate during a face off with French riot police near the Israeli embassy in Paris , May 31 , 2010 .
Israeli marines stormed a Turkish aid ship bound for Gaza on Monday and 10 pro-Palestinian activists were killed , triggering a diplomatic crisis and plans for an emergency session of the U.N. Security Council .
Reuters Protesters shout slogans outside the Israeli consulate in Istanbul , Monday , May 31 , 2010 .
Israeli naval commandos stormed a flotilla of ships carrying aid and hundreds of pro-Palestinian activists to the blockaded Gaza Strip on Monday , killing nine passengers in a botched raid that provoked international outrage and a diplomatic crisis .
AP
Police officers carry a demonstrator after he fainted during a protest in front of the Israeli embassy in Nicosia May 31 , 2010 .
Israeli marines stormed a Turkish aid ship bound for Gaza on Monday and at least 10 pro-Palestinian activists were killed , triggering a diplomatic crisis and an emergency session of the U.N. Security Council .
Reuters Israelis hold national flags during a protest outside Turkey 's embassy in Tel Aviv against Turkey 's support for the Gaza - bound ships May 31 , 2010 .
Israeli marines stormed a Turkish aid ship bound for Gaza on Monday and at least nine pro-Palestinian activists were killed , triggering a diplomatic crisis and an emergency session of the U.N. Security Council .
Reuters Pro-Palestinian activists clash with riot police during a protest near the Israeli embassy in Paris , Monday , May 31 , 2010 .
Israeli naval commandos stormed a flotilla of ships carrying aid and hundreds of pro-Palestinian activists to the blockaded Gaza Strip on Monday , killing nine passengers in a botched raid that provoked international outrage and a diplomatic crisis .
A Turkish national flag is seen in the picture .
AP Egyptian police stand guard during demostration by members of the Muslim Brotherhood in front of Al - Fath Mosque in Cairo May 31 , 2010 , to protest the Israeli navy operation against aid ships bound for Gaza .
Israeli marines stormed a Turkish aid ship bound for Gaza on Monday and at least nine pro-Palestinian activists were killed , triggering a diplomatic crisis and an emergency session of the U.N. Security Council .
Reuters Moroccans demonstrate in Rabat on May 31 , 2010 to protest against the israeli raod on the Gaza aid flotilla that resulted in at least nine deaths .
Getty Pro-Palestinian demonstrators shout slogans on a protest march to the Israeli Embassy in Kensington west London May 31 , 2010 .
Israel 's storming of a Gaza - bound aid flotilla set off a diplomatic furore , drawing criticism from friends and foes alike and straining ties with regional ally Turkey , which called off planned joint military exercises .
Reuters People protest outside the Italian Parliament against the Israeli storming of an aid ship heading for Gaza on May 31 , 2010 in Rome , Italy .
More than 10 activists have been killed during a confrontation after Israeli commandos boarded ships in an international ' Freedom Flotilla ' aid convoy transporting aid to the Gaza Strip .
The incident has sparked international outrage and protests .
Getty Bahrainis take part in a demonstration in Manama on May 31 , 2010 to protest against Israel 's deadly raid in international waters on a Gaza - bound aid flotilla .
Getty Women take part near the Arc de Triomphe in Paris on May 31 , 2010 in a demonstration against Israel 's deadly raid on an aid flotilla bound for Gaza Strip .
France 's President Nicolas Sarkozy accused Israel of a ' disproportionate use of force ' after Israeli naval forces stormed six ships bound for besieged Gaza with thousands of tonnes of aid and hundreds of pro-Palestinian activists aboard .
Getty A man waves a palestinian flag near the Arc de Triomphe in Paris on May 31 , 2010 during a demonstration against Israel 's deadly raid on an aid flotilla bound for Gaza Strip .
France 's President Nicolas Sarkozy accused Israel of a ' disproportionate use of force ' after Israeli naval forces stormed six ships bound for besieged Gaza with thousands of tonnes of aid and hundreds of pro-Palestinian activists aboard .
Getty Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood members shouts anti-Israeli slogans in front of Al - Fath Mosque in Cairo May 31 , 2010 .
Thousands of Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt were protesting against Israel 's interception of a convoy of Gaza - bound aid ships .
Israeli commandos stormed a convoy of Gaza - bound aid ships on Monday and more than 10 of the mostly international activists aboard were killed , provoking a diplomatic crisis and Palestinian charges of a " massacre " .
Reuters Pro-Palestinian protestors rally outside the Israeli embassy in Washington May 31 , 2010 .
U.S. President Barack Obama told Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu he deeply regretted the loss of life in an Israeli raid on a Gaza - bound aid flotilla on Monday and urged him to quickly get to the bottom of the incident .
Netanyahu cancelled a June 1 meeting with Obama in Washington to return home to Israel .
Reuters
A woman holds a Free Gaza placard during the protests against the Israeli storming of an aid ship heading for Gaza on May 31 , 2010 in Genoa , Italy .
More than 10 activists have been killed during a confrontation after Israeli commandos boarded ships in an international ' Freedom Flotilla ' convoy transporting aid to the Gaza Strip .
The incident has sparked international outrage and worldwide protests .
Getty Spokesman of the French Ligue communiste revolutionnaire ( LCR ) far left party Nicolas Besancenot takes part in Paris on May 31 , 2010 in a demonstration against Israel 's deadly raid on an aid flotilla bound for Gaza Strip .
France 's President Nicolas Sarkozy accused Israel of a ' disproportionate use of force ' after Israeli naval forces stormed six ships bound for besieged Gaza with thousands of tonnes of aid and hundreds of pro-Palestinian activists aboard .
Getty A border policeman looks on as Israeli left - wing protesters demonstrate against Israel 's deadly raid on an aid flotilla bound for the blockaded Gaza Strip on May 31 , 2010 in Tel Aviv , Israel .
More than 10 activists have been killed during a confrontation after Israeli commandos boarded ships in an international ' Freedom Flotilla ' convoy transporting aid to the Gaza Strip .
The incident has sparked international outrage and worldwide protests .
Getty Israeli left - wing protesters demonstrate against Israel 's deadly raid on an aid flotilla bound for the blockaded Gaza Strip on May 31 , 2010 in Tel Aviv , Israel .
More than 10 activists have been killed during a confrontation after Israeli commandos boarded ships in an international ' Freedom Flotilla ' convoy transporting aid to the Gaza Strip .
The incident has sparked international outrage and worldwide protests .
Getty Pro-Palestinian protesters rally outside the White House in Washington May 31 , 2010 .
U.S. President Barack Obama told Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu he deeply regretted the loss of life in an Israeli raid on a Gaza - bound aid flotilla on Monday and urged him to quickly get to the bottom of the incident .
Netanyahu cancelled a June 1 meeting with Obama in Washington to return home to Israel .
Reuters Protesters burn a Star of David during a demonstration outside the Israeli consulate in Istanbul , Monday , May 31 , 2010 .
Israeli naval commandos stormed a flotilla of ships carrying aid and hundreds of pro-Palestinian activists to the blockaded Gaza Strip on Monday , killing nine passengers in a botched raid that provoked international outrage and a diplomatic crisis .
AP Pro-Palestinian protestors help an injured demonstrator after scuffles with police outside the Israeli embassy in Nicosia , Cyprus , Monday , May 31 , 2010 .
Israeli naval commandos stormed a flotilla of ships carrying aid and hundreds of pro-Palestinian activists to the blockaded Gaza Strip on Monday , killing nine passengers in a botched raid that provoked international outrage and a diplomatic crisis .
AP
An Arab Israeli shopkeeper closes the window to his store as Israeli police pass by , during clashes with Arab Israeli protesters in the northern Arab Israeli town of Umm el - Fahm , Monday , May 31 , 2010 .
The clashes erupted during a protest against an Israeli naval commando raid on a flotilla of ships carrying aid and hundreds of pro-Palestinian activists to the blockaded Gaza Strip on Monday , killing nine passengers .
Israeli security forces were on alert across the country .
AP Demonstrators listen to speeches during an anti-Israel protest in downtown Stockholm May 31 , 2010 .
Israeli marines stormed a Turkish aid ship bound for Gaza on Monday and 10 pro-Palestinian activists were killed , triggering a diplomatic crisis and plans for an emergency session of the U.N. Security Council .
Reuters A Pakistani journalist confronts a police officer during a rally to condemn Israel 's military assault on a flotilla of ships carrying aid and hundreds of pro-Palestinian activists to the Gaza Strip , in Karachi , Pakistan , Monday , May 31 , 2010 .
Israeli naval commandos stormed a flotilla of ships carrying aid and hundreds of pro-Palestinian activists to the blockaded Gaza Strip on Monday , killing nine passengers in a botched raid that provoked international outrage and a diplomatic crisis .
AP
A pro-Palestinian activist holds a poster depicting Palestinian refugees outside the Israeli embassy in Nicosia on May 31 , 2010 during a protest against Israel 's deadly raid in international waters on a flotilla of aid ships bound for Gaza .
Getty A man waves a Palestinian flag in front of anti-riot gendarmes during a demonstration in Paris on May 31 , 2010 to protest against Israel 's deadly raid on an aid flotilla bound for Gaza Strip .
France 's President Nicolas Sarkozy accused Israel of a ' disproportionate use of force ' after Israeli naval forces stormed six ships bound for besieged Gaza with thousands of tonnes of aid and hundreds of pro-Palestinian activists aboard .
Up to 19 of the passengers were killed , according to Israeli media .
Getty
Maybe we 're thinking about video game piracy wrong ?
David Rosen , whose Wolfire Games is presenting a copy - protection - free / you - name - the - price Humble Indie Bundle of stellar computer games this week , makes his case .
The problem , he argues , is wildly misunderstood .
Advertisement
We 've been hearing a lot about game piracy recently , with big developers inflicting draconian online - only DRM systems on their users , and blaming their declining PC game sales entirely on piracy .
I 'm not questioning that piracy is common , since even honest , DRM - free , indie developers like 2DBoy [ 1 ] report a 90 % piracy rate .
I am , however , questioning what this means .
How much revenue are developers actually losing to piracy ?
The common industry assumption is that developers are losing 90 % of their revenue .
That is , pirates would have bought every single game that they downloaded .
From personal experience , I know this is not possible — most pirates that I 've met have downloaded enough software to exceed their entire lifetime income , were they to have paid for it all .
A more plausible ( but still overly optimistic ) guess is that if piracy was stopped the average pirate would behave like an average consumer .
Advertisement
This means that to calculate the worst - case scenario of how much money is lost to piracy , we just need to figure out what percentage of the target market consists of pirates .
For example , if 50 % of the market is pirates , that means that it 's possible that you 've lost 50 % of your revenue to piracy .
So how do we calculate what percentage of the market consists of pirates ?
Do we just go with 90 % ?
i Phone piracy
i Phone game developers have also found that around 80 % of their users are running pirated copies of their game ( using jailbroken phones ) [ 2 ]
This immediately struck me as odd — I suspected that most iPhone users had never even heard of ' jailbreaking ' .
I did a bit more research and found that my intuition was correct — only 5 % of iPhones in the US are jailbroken . [ 3 ]
World - wide , the jailbreak statistics are highest in poor countries — but , unsurprisingly , iPhones are also much less common there .
The highest estimate I 've seen is that 10 % of worldwide iPhones are jailbroken .
Given that there are so few jailbroken phones , how can we explain that 80 % of game copies are pirated ?
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
The answer is simple — the average pirate downloads a lot more games than the average customer buys .
This means that even though games see that 80 % of their copies are pirated , only 10 % of their potential customers are pirates , which means they are losing at most 10 % of their sales .
If you 'd like to see an example with math , read the following paragraph .
If word problems make your eyes glaze over , then I advise you to skip it .
Advertisement
Let 's consider the following scenario .
Because game pirates can get apps for free , they download a couple new games every day — or about 500 games in a year .
On the other hand , normal gamers tend to play the same game for a longer time — buying an average of 5 games per year .
If this seems low to you , then consider that you are also reading a post on an indie game developer blog .
You are probably more hardcore than the average gamer .
Anyway , given these statistics , if the market consists of 10 million gamers , then there are 500 million pirated game copies , and 90 million purchased game copies , From the perspective of every individual game , 80 % of its users are using pirated copies .
However , only 10 % of the market consists of pirates .
PC game piracy
Does this also apply to PC ( Windows / Mac / Linux ) gamers ?
Many PC game developers find that about 90 % of their users are running pirated copies — does this mean that piracy is killing PC games ?
Let 's try our alternative explanation , and see if these statistics are possible even if only 20 % of worldwide PC gamers are pirates .
The average PC gamer worldwide only buys about three games a year , and plays them for a long time [ 4 ] .
I buy many more than that , and you probably do too , but again , we are not average gamers !
On the other hand , game pirates might download a new game every few days , for a total of about 125 games a year .
Given these numbers , games would see 90 % piracy rates even though only 20 % of gamers are pirates .
Advertisement
Are these numbers accurate ?
The NPD recently conducted an anonymous survey showing that only 4 % of PC gamers in the US admit to pirating games [ 5 ] , a number that is comparable to XBox 360 piracy statistics [ 6 ] .
However , since piracy is inversely proportionate to per-capita GDP , we can expect piracy rates to increase dramatically in places like Russia , China and India , driving up the world - wide average .
Let 's say to 20 % .
This means that if all pirates would otherwise buy as many games as the average consumer , then game developers would be losing 20 % of their revenue to piracy .
Advertisement
But would pirates really buy games ?
Anecdotally and from studies by companies like the BSA , it 's clear that pirates for the most part have very little income .
They are unemployed students , or live in countries with very low per-capita GDP , where the price of a $ 60 game is more like $ 1000 ( in terms of purchasing power parity and income percentage ) .
When Reflexive games performed a series of experiments with anti-piracy measures , they found that they only made one extra sale for every 1000 pirated copies they blocked [ 7 ] .
This implies that their 90 % piracy statistic caused them to lose less than 1 % of their sales .
Advertisement
Why are PC games really losing sales ?
While many game developers blame piracy for their decreasing PC game sales , it is clear that this is not the problem — relatively few gamers are pirates , and those that are would mostly not be able to afford games anyway .
Advertisement
However , it 's easier for these developers to point their fingers at pirates than to face the real problem : that their games are not fun on PC .
The games in question are usually designed for consoles , with the desktop port as an afterthought .
This means they are not fun to play with a mouse and keyboard , and do n't work well on PC hardware .
Their field of view is designed to be viewed from a distant couch instead of a nearby monitor , and their gameplay is simplified to compensate for this tunnel vision .
Blizzard is one of the most successful game developers in the world , and it develops exclusively for desktop computers .
Why do they succeed where everyone else fails ?
They create games that are designed from the beginning to work well with the mouse and keyboard , and with all kinds of desktop hardware .
If developers spent more time improving their PC gaming experience , and less time complaining about piracy , we might see more successful PC games .
Advertisement
With the Humble Indie Bundle promotion we 've seen that when we treat gamers as real people instead of criminals , they seem to respond in kind .
Anyone can get all five DRM - free games for a single penny , and pirate them as much as they want — we have no way to find out or stop it .
However , in just the first two days , we have over 40,000 contributions with an average of $ 8 each !
Would we have seen this much support if the games were console ports that only worked when connected to a secure online DRM server ?
We 'll never know for sure , but somehow I doubt it .
David Rosen is the founder and lead programmer of Wolfire Games .
PIC :
http://www.flickr.com/photos/1369883… / CC BY-ND 2.0
There ’s snow on the ground , love in the air and wafts of garlic floating down the stairwell of my West Village apartment building .
Perched on high in my New York nest , I ’m infusing olive oil with garlic .
My neighbors tell me they can smell me from the second floor of my fifth floor walk - up .
I ’ve heard that vanilla candles in the kitchen and apple pies in the oven help sell homes , but I do n’t think there ’s any scent more seductive than the bittersweet smell of caramelized garlic .
The first step in many a recipe , sautéing garlic holds a sense memory of every unforgettable meal you ’ve ever had and sets off sparks both on the plate and on the palette .
It worked on my new neighbors .
I first met the couple who moved in next door when our Super was showing the vacated studio that shares a wall the length of both our apartments .
It ’s an intimate building , or as Craigslist would say , “ cozy , ” which is shorthand for small .
I prefer the term tenement chic !
Kip and James laughed when I used it to answer their question , “ What ’s it like living here ? ” I did n’t tell them about the break - in I had two summers ago or the ratatouille - types who threatened my pantry ( and my sanity ) until I adopted Taleggio , and it would n’t have mattered if I had .
All they really wanted to know was what that whiff of garlic was coming from my kitchen .
Now that was a question I could answer .
“ Quail Egg Toasts , ” I boasted .
“ What are you Martha Stewart ? ” Kip quipped .
“ Close , ” I replied , then James added , “ No man , she ’s way hotter than Martha . ” I liked them already .
The combination of garlic wafts and rent control convinced Kip & James to take the apartment , but not before I invited them in to taste - test my garlic & thyme toast points topped with fried quail eggs and spread with a thin layer of spicy salami paste called ‘ nduja .
An Italian invention imported from the California Coast , the first time I tried ‘ nduja was at Boccalone in the San Francisco Ferry Building .
Mac and I were on a tasting adventure out West , and ‘ ndjua was the standout flavor sensation of the trip .
This soft , spreadable sausage has been referred to as “ flaming liquid salami ” and “ the spreadable Italian love child of pepperoni and French rillettes . ”
A few weeks ago , The Times called ‘ nduja , “ the perfect food trend : it combines nose - to - tail eating , pork , smoke and chili heat . ”
With the official Dining & Wine decree , it ’s now flying off the shelves at Murray ’s .
I ’ve seen it pop up on menus at dell ’anima and A Voce , and used it on pizzas for the Cajun Super Bowl party I attended last Sunday .
Everyone swoons over the stuff , but combine it with a cutesy - runny quail egg , high quality extra virgin olive oil and garlic bread , and it ’s a surefire knockout .
I ’ll serve it to the girls I ’m having over this Sunday to celebrate / commiserate the dagger to the heart that is Valentine ’s Day .
To my mind , V - day is lame if you ’re in love and cruel if you ’re not ( made only crueler if you venture out for price - fixe menus on the worst dining date of the year ) , so I ’ll have plenty of sausage on hand to sedate any among us who feel the sting of cupid ’s arrow .
If that does n’t work I ’ll break out the chocolate , but this year , I ’ll save my green goodies until after I ’ve finished cooking .
Here ’s to hoping we all find a spicy sausage to love !
February might be too cold for tomatoes and taking the long way home , but it ’s perfect for toast points and nesting among new neighbors and old friends .
Quail Egg Toasts ( serves as many as you toast )
• 1 loaf Texas Toast
• 1 head Garlic ( diced )
• 1 cup + Extra Virgin Olive Oil
• 1 bunch Thyme
• 1 ‘ Nduja Sausage
• Quail Eggs
• Fleur de Sel
• Salt & Pepper
Make the garlic oil in advance .
I usually make big batches of this stuff and save it in the refrigerator for every opportunity I get to toast garlic bread , sauté vegetables or whip together a pasta sauce .
It ’s also a great base for a marinade or salad dressing , and will stay fresh for weeks at a time .
You can add lemon zest , chili flakes , basil , any spice you choose , but keep in mind that adding perishable ingredients decreases the shelf life of the garlic oil .
Simply dice or press a head of garlic , pour a cup of olive oil into a heavy - bottomed frying pan on medium - low heat , and when the oil begins to get hot ( about 2 minutes ) add the garlic .
Season the pan with a pinch or two of salt and pepper and a few springs of thyme leaves separated from their stalks .
Watch the pan carefully , stirring occasionally , and as soon as the garlic is about to turn brown take it off the heat ( about 2 minutes more ) .
The hot oil will continue to caramelize the garlic minutes after it ’s off the flame .
If you burn the garlic , you have no choice but to start over .
Transfer the garlic oil to a bowl to cool , and reserve the frying pan .
Cut slices of thick - cut Texas white - bread toast into triangles , brush them with a thin layer of garlic oil and pop them in a toaster oven or under a broiler until golden ( about 5 minutes in my oven , but oven temperatures vary , so watch these carefully so as not to let them burn ) .
Pierce the ‘ ndjua sausage with a knife , creating a slit from which you can spoon out the soft insides .
Spread a thin layer of ‘ ndjua on each toast point .
In the same heavy - bottomed pan now coated with a thin layer of garlic oil , fry the quail eggs over - easy over a low heat , and season them gently with kosher salt as they fry .
These suckers are quick so watch them carefully , and when the edges of the egg whites start to brown , remove them from the pan and place atop each toast .
Sprinkle with thyme leaves and fleur de sel , and finish with a drizzle of the best extra virgin olive oil you got .
Happy nesting !
Ms McIntyre bought the boy cider and then had sex with him , the court heard A trainee teacher at a public school had sex with a 16 - year - old pupil after she got him drunk on cider , Liverpool Crown Court has heard .
Hannah McIntyre , 25 , a classics teacher at Merchant Taylor 's Boys ' School in Crosby , Merseyside , also kissed the boy during dare games , the court was told .
The offences are said to have taken place at McIntyre 's Waterloo home .
She denies one count of sexual activity with a child by a person in a position of trust .
Prosecutor Gerald Baxter said she allowed the boy and two friends into her home on a Friday night , later buying them cider which they drank while watching television and playing a dare game .
' Passionate ' kiss
The boy later followed her into the bedroom where they had sex , Mr Baxter said .
The court heard Ms McIntyre was already drinking wine when the boys arrived and all four sat and watched television and talked until they all went to an off - licence .
Mr Baxter said she agreed to buy the boys a two - litre bottle of cider and bought more wine for herself .
When they returned to the house , Mr Baxter said , one of the boys dared the defendant to kiss the alleged victim .
" The kiss was described as quite passionate , " the barrister told the jury .
He said that the boy was unclear in his recollection of how they ended up in bed together and how the sexual activity began .
' Sex noises ' " But he does recall having sexual intercourse with her , " Mr Baxter said .
Ms McIntyre told the head teacher of £ 8,000 - a- year Merchant Taylors ' that three boys had spent the night at her house and the school launched an inquiry .
When the boys were interviewed by the deputy head , they all denied drinking alcohol and denied any of them went into Ms McIntyre 's bedroom , the court heard .
The following September , the alleged victim 's mother questioned him and he told her what had happened , the court heard .
Ms McIntyre was arrested in January 2009 and when interviewed said the boys called at her home and walked in uninvited .
When the alleged victim followed her into the bedroom , she said he sat on the bed and made sex noises as a joke to his friends in the living room , Mr Baxter said .
She denied any sexual activity took place .
The trial continues .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
( PhysOrg.com ) --
Black holes have long been beloved of science fiction writers for their destructive capabilities and peculiar ability to warp space time .
Now a study led by researchers from The University of Nottingham reveals the awesome power of supermassive black holes — the ability to strip massive galaxies of the cool gases required to form new stars , leaving ageing red giants to splutter out of existence with no stars to replace them .
The study , led by Asa Bluck in the School of Physics and Astronomy , used images of unprecedented depth and resolution from the Hubble Space Telescope and the Chandra X - Ray Observatory to detect black holes in distant galaxies .
Researchers looked for galaxies emitting high levels of radiation and x-rays — a classic signature of black holes devouring gas and dust through accretion , or attracting matter gravitationally .
As this matter swirls around the event horizon of a black hole it heats up and radiates energy — as an accretion disc .
The study , which was funded by the Science and Technology Facilities Council and NASA and was a collaboration between researchers at The University of Nottingham and Imperial College London , gleaned some startling results .
In supermassive black holes this radiation can reach huge proportions , emitting X - ray radiation in far greater quantities then is emitted by the rest of the objects in the galaxy combined — meaning that the black hole ' shines ' far brighter than the entire galaxy it lies at the heart of .
In fact , the amount of energy released is sufficient to strip the galaxy of gas at least 25 times over .
Results have also shown that the vast majority of the X - ray radiation present in the universe is produced in these accretion discs surrounding supermassive black holes , with a small proportion produced by all other objects , including galaxies and neutron stars .
The accretions discs surrounding supermassive black holes produce so much energy that they heat up the cold gases lying at the heart of massive galaxies .
The accretion disc shines across all wavelengths — from radio waves to gamma waves .
This speeds up the random motions of the gas , making it rise in temperature and pushing it away from the galactic centre , where it becomes less dense .
Gas needs to be cold and dense to collapse under gravity to form new stars , this resulting hot , low - density material must cool down before gravity will take effect — a process which would take longer than the age of the universe to achieve .
Old stars are therefore left to die out with no new stars replacing them , leaving the galaxy to grow dark and die .
And by pushing gas away from the galactic centre , the accretion disc starves the supermassive black hole of new material to devour , leading to its eventual demise .
" It 's thought that black holes form inside their host galaxies and grow in proportion to them , forming an accretion disc which will eventually destroy the host .
In this sense they can be described as viral in nature , " said Asa Bluck , a PhD student at the University and a Fellow of the Royal Astronomical Society .
" Massive galaxies are in the minority in our visible universe — about one in a thousand galaxies is thought to be massive , but it may be much less .
And at least a third of these have supermassive black holes at their centre .
That 's why it 's so interesting that this type of black hole produces most of the X - ray light in the universe .
They are the minority but they dominate energy output . "
Asa will present these results at the Royal Astronomical Society National Astronomy Meeting in Glasgow on Friday 16 April .
Explore further Chandra data reveal rapidly whirling black holes
" Graves was paid by both sides and in a letter to a friend in 1959 , he wrote : ' I probably would have got stuck like you in the rustic economy if TE Lawrence had n't given me a helping hand , back in 1926 ; and curiously enough since his death there 's always been something coming in from him to help me when ever things got tough . ' "
Paul Krugman has a thoughtful and thought - provoking column on Greece today .
A large part of his argument is that Europe is not an optimal currency area because it lacks a large central government enacting transfer payments among the various regions .
That argument will be familiar to students of macroeconomics .
( See , e.g. , the case study on monetary union in chapter 12 of my intermediate macro textbook . )
Is that right ?
I am not so sure .
The United States in the 19th century had a common currency , but it did not have a large , centralized fiscal authority .
The federal government was much smaller than it is today .
In some ways , the U.S. then looks like Europe today .
Yet the common currency among the states worked out fine .
Once upon a time , one might have said that the U.S. back then had a particularly vicious business cycle .
But Christy Romer 's path - breaking research has demolished that claim .
One might argue that the 19th century had a different set of labor institutions than we have today , and these facilitated the adjustment of wages .
That argument , suggested by the research of Chris Hanes , may have some merit .
If that is the case , then maybe that is the path forward for Greece and the rest of Europe .
As Paul suggests , increasing wage flexibility wo n't be painless .
Yet it might be easier than giving up on the Euro experiment .
A final possibility is that the key difference is labor mobility : Americans were willing to move among the states , whereas Greeks have to stay in Greece because they do n't speak German .
If that is the key difference , then Paul may well be right that the Euro experiment is over .
Update : More from Paul
Wisconsin Rep. Jon Richards and Democratic Party of Wisconsin Membership Director Sean Berger welcomed outgoing Wisconsin College Republicans Chair Lora Rae Anderson , a UW - Eau Claire Senior , officially into the Democratic Party .
Anderson spoke at a brief event at the Organizing for America Office in Milwaukee on the eve of the Republican Party of Wisconsin 's State Convention .
Anderson , who spoke last year at the Republican Convention in La Crosse , blasted the state party , calling it too " extreme " and saying that it is " alienating a younger , more progressive generation . "
Click
Here to watch the announcement .
" Republicans complain a lot about taxes , but actions speak louder than words and I noticed recently that under Democrats , Wisconsin 's tax ranking has dropped to its lowest level in almost 50 years , " - Lora Rae Anderson
On another note , I posted my reasons why I Support Elena Kagan last night .
Asher Heimermann is a teenager from Sheboygan , Wisconsin .
Please visit his official website at www.asherheimermann.org for more information .
You can also follow him on Twitter at twitter.com / aheimermann and on Facebook at facebook.com / heimermann .
Flying close to the wind ( Image : Akihiro Ikeshita )
Talk about flying close to the wind .
A Japanese interplanetary spacecraft will begin its travels to Venus next week , to get the clearest ever view of massive gusts in the planet ’s atmosphere .
The Venus Climate Orbiter , called AKATSUKI , aims to find out why blistering winds zip around the planet at speeds of up to 400 kilometres per hour .
The upper clouds can circle the planet in four days or even less , and no one knows why .
The effect is called “ super- rotation ” , because the bulk of the atmosphere is rotating much faster than the planet itself .
Venus takes 243 Earth days to make one rotation .
To investigate , AKATSUKI will move roughly in sync with the winds during part of its orbit , so it can track a patch of atmosphere for about 24 hours at a stretch .
Five cameras will snap the planet at different wavelengths .
“ By combining the images from these cameras we can develop a three - dimensional model of the Venus atmosphere , ” says mission scientist Takeshi Imamura .
This will be the first time such measurements have been taken on a planet other than Earth , he adds .
Advertisement
AKATSUKI will be particularly well equipped to study slower winds that move north and south from the planet ’s equator , which may well play a significant role in the atmosphere ’s rotation .
The European Space Agency ’s Venus Express , which is in orbit around the planet , can already see these meridional winds .
“ But the error bars are quite wide , ” says ESA ’s Håkan Svedhem .
“ We ca n’t really tell anything about the seasonal or day - to - day variability . ”
Plans for joint observations using the two spacecraft are in the works .
Cylon , Wisconsin
Submit your own pictures of this town and show them to the world
OSM Map
General Map
Google Map
MSN Map OSM Map
General Map
Google Map
MSN Map OSM Map
General Map
Google Map
MSN Map OSM Map
General Map
Google Map
MSN Map Please wait while loading the map ...
Population in 2010 : 683 .
Population change since 2000 : +8.6 %
683.+8.6 %
Males : 360 ( 52.7 % ) Females : 323 ( 47.3 % )
Median resident age : 40.2 years Wisconsin median age : 42.6 years
Zip codes : 54007 .
Estimated median household income in 2017 : $ 74,813 ( it was $ 51,042 in 2000 )
Cylon : $ 74,813 WI : $ 59,305
Estimated per capita income in 2017 : $ 34,476 ( it was $ 21,213 in 2000 )
Cylon town income , earnings , and wages data
Estimated median house or condo value in 2017 : $ 206,616 ( it was $ 117,900 in 2000 ) Cylon : $ 206,616 WI : $ 178,900
Mean prices in 2017 : all housing units : $ 260,336 ; detached houses : $ 275,333 ; townhouses or other attached units : $ 174,320 ; in 2 - unit structures : $ 172,075 ; in 3 - to - 4 - unit structures : $ 167,995 ; in 5 - or - more - unit structures : $ 136,810 ; mobile homes : $ 35,285 $ 74,813 ( $ 51,042$ 34,476 ( $ 21,213$206,616 ( $ 117,900 $ 260,336 ;$ 275,333 ; $ 174,320 ; $ 172,075 ;$ 167,995 ; $ 136,810 ;$ 35,285
March 2019 cost of living index in Cylon : 100.6 ( near average , U.S. average is 100 )
Business Search - 14 Million verified businesses
Search for : near :
647 94.7 % White alone 19 2.8 % Hispanic 7 1.0 %
Two or more races 5 0.7 % American Indian alone 4 0.6 % Asian alone 1 0.1 %
Other race alone
Races in Cylon detailed stats : ancestries , foreign born residents , place of birth
Latest news from Cylon , WI collected exclusively by city - data.com from local newspapers , TV , and radio stations
Ancestries : German ( 40.7 % ) , Norwegian ( 20.7 % ) , Irish ( 10.7 % ) , Swedish ( 10.2 % ) , English ( 6.0 % ) , French ( 5.4 % ) .
Current Local Time : CST time zone
Elevation : 1061 feet
Land area : 35.4 square miles .
Population density : 19 people per square mile ( very low ) .
Median real estate property taxes paid for housing units in 2000 : Cylon town : 1.1 % ( $ 1,270 ) Wisconsin : 2.0 % ( $ 2,245 )
Latitude : 45.17 N , Longitude : 92.35 W
Area code commonly used in this area : 715
Single - family new house construction building permits : 1997 : 3 buildings , average cost : $ 115,700
3 $ 115,700 1998 : 4 buildings , average cost : $ 111,300
4 $ 111,300 2000 : 5 buildings , average cost : $ 77,600
5 $ 77,600 2001 : 5 buildings , average cost : $ 116,200
5 $ 116,200 2002 : 4 buildings , average cost : $ 168,000
4 $ 168,000 2003 : 5 buildings , average cost : $ 114,000
5 $ 114,000 2004 : 11 buildings , average cost : $ 138,000
11 $ 138,000 2005 : 2 buildings , average cost : $ 105,000
2 $ 105,000 2006 : 2 buildings , average cost : $ 80,000
2 $ 80,000 2007 : 1 building , cost : $ 160,000
1 $ 160,000 2008 : 1 building , cost : $ 225,000
1 $ 225,000 2009 : 1 building , cost : $ 115,000
1 $ 115,000 2012 : 2 buildings , average cost : $ 277,500
2 $ 277,500 2014 : 5 buildings , average cost : $ 240,000
5 $ 240,000 2017 : 2 buildings , average cost : $ 245,000
Unemployment in March 2019 :
Here : 3.6 % Wisconsin : 3.3 %
Most common industries in Cylon , WI ( % ) Both Males Females
Agriculture , forestry , fishing & hunting ( 10.3 % )
Metal & metal products ( 9.7 % )
Construction ( 9.1 % )
Machinery ( 7.6 % )
Professional , scientific , technical services ( 4.8 % )
Health care ( 4.5 % )
Educational services ( 4.5 % )
Construction ( 15.2 % )
Agriculture , forestry , fishing & hunting ( 14.1 % )
Metal & metal products ( 10.3 % )
Machinery ( 10.3 % )
Repair & maintenance ( 7.1 % )
Machinery , equipment , supplies merchant wholesalers ( 4.3 % )
Motor vehicle & parts dealers ( 3.8 % )
Metal & metal products ( 8.8 % )
Health care ( 8.8 % )
Finance & insurance ( 8.2 % )
Food ( 7.5 % )
Educational services ( 7.5 % )
Personal & laundry services ( 6.1 % )
Professional , scientific , technical services ( 6.1 % ) Most common occupations in Cylon , WI ( % ) Both Males Females
Other production occupations , including supervisors ( 7.3 % )
Metal workers and plastic workers ( 6.9 % )
Farmers and farm managers ( 5.4 % )
Assemblers and fabricators ( 3.6 % )
Vehicle and mobile equipment mechanics , installers , and repairers ( 3.3 % )
Carpenters ( 3.3 % )
Material recording , scheduling , dispatching , and distributing workers ( 3.0 % )
Farmers and farm managers ( 8.7 % )
Metal workers and plastic workers ( 8.7 % )
Other production occupations , including supervisors ( 7.6 % )
Vehicle and mobile equipment mechanics , installers , and repairers ( 6.0 % )
Carpenters ( 6.0 % )
Assemblers and fabricators ( 5.4 % )
Construction laborers ( 4.9 % )
Other production occupations , including supervisors ( 6.8 % )
Secretaries and administrative assistants ( 6.1 % )
Cooks and food preparation workers ( 5.4 % )
Other office and administrative support workers , including supervisors ( 5.4 % )
Information and record clerks , except customer service representatives ( 5.4 % )
Other financial specialists ( 4.8 % )
Personal appearance workers ( 4.8 % )
Average climate in Cylon , Wisconsin Based on data reported by over 4,000 weather stations
Air pollution and air quality trends
( lower is better ) AQI Ozone
Air Quality Index ( AQI ) level in 2010 was 56.0 .
This is better than average .
City : 56.0 U.S. : 74.2
Ozone [ ppb ] level in 2010 was 30.0 .
This is about average .
Closest monitor was 15.7 miles away from the city center .
City : 30.0 U.S. : 33.3
Tornado activity : Cylon - area historical tornado activity is near Wisconsin state average .
It is 12 % greater than the overall U.S. average .
On 6/4/1958 , a category F5 ( max . wind speeds 261-318 mph ) tornado 18.5 miles away from the Cylon town center killed 21 people and injured 74 people and caused between $ 5,000,000 and $ 50,000,000 in damages .
On 7/30/1977 , a category F3 ( max . wind speeds 158- 206 mph ) tornado 6.2 miles away from the town center caused between $ 500,000 and $ 5,000,000 in damages .
Earthquake activity : Cylon - area historical earthquake activity is below Wisconsin state average .
It is 94 % smaller than the overall U.S. average .
On 7/9/1975 at 14:54:15 , a magnitude 4.6 ( 4.6 MB , Class : Light , Intensity : IV - V ) earthquake occurred 182.7 miles away from Cylon center
On 6/5/1993 at 01:24:53 , a magnitude 4.1 ( 4.1 LG , Depth : 6.2 mi ) earthquake occurred 194.8 miles away from the city center
On 3/4/1983 at 06:32:18 , a magnitude 4.6 ( 4.4 MB , 4.6 LG , 4.4 ML ) earthquake occurred 353.4 miles away from the city center
On 10/20/1995 at 15:57:18 , a magnitude 3.7 ( 3.7 LG , Depth : 3.1 mi , Class : Light , Intensity : II - III ) earthquake occurred 223.2 miles away from Cylon center
On 6/28/2004 at 06:10:52 , a magnitude 4.2 ( 4.0 MB , 4.2 MW , Depth : 6.2 mi ) earthquake occurred 309.5 miles away from the city center
On 2/9/1994 at 08:45:35 , a magnitude 3.1 ( 3.1 LG , Depth : 3.1 mi ) earthquake occurred 130.1 miles away from Cylon center
Magnitude types : regional Lg - wave magnitude ( LG ) , body - wave magnitude ( MB ) , local magnitude ( ML ) , moment magnitude ( MW )
Hospitals and medical centers near Cylon : AMERY REG MED CTR Critical Access Hospitals ( about 9 miles away ; AMERY , WI )
Critical Access Hospitals GOLDEN AGE MANOR ( Nursing Home , about 10 miles away ; AMERY , WI )
AMERY REGIONAL MEDICAL CENTER
( Hospital , about 10 miles away ; AMERY , WI )
WESTFIELDS HOSPITAL
Critical Access Hospitals ( about 11 miles away ; NEW RICHMOND , WI )
Critical Access Hospitals DEERFIELD CARE CENTER , LLC ( Nursing Home , about 11 miles away ; NEW RICHMOND , WI )
GLENHAVEN ( Nursing Home , about 12 miles away ; GLENWOOD CITY , WI )
AMERICAN HERITAGE CARE CTR ( Nursing Home , about 14 miles away ; HAMMOND , WI )
Colleges / universities with over 2000 students nearest to Cylon : University of Wisconsin - River Falls ( about 26 miles ; River Falls , WI ; Full - time enrollment : 5,868 )
26 ; 5,868 ) University of Wisconsin - Stout ( about 29 miles ; Menomonie , WI ; FT enrollment : 8,120 )
29 ; 8,120 ) Century College ( about 33 miles ; White Bear Lake , MN ; FT enrollment : 7,393 )
33 ; 7,393 ) Metropolitan State University ( about 39 miles ; Saint Paul , MN ; FT enrollment : 6,159 )
39 ; 6,159 ) Saint Paul College ( about 41 miles ; Saint Paul , MN ; FT enrollment : 4,778 )
41 ; 4,778 ) Bethel University ( about 41 miles ; Saint Paul , MN ; FT enrollment : 4,061 )
41 ; 4,061 ) University of Northwestern - St Paul ( about 42 miles ; Saint Paul , MN ; FT enrollment : 2,680 )
St. Croix County has a predicted average indoor radon screening level greater than 4 pCi/L ( pico curies per liter ) - Highest Potential
Average household size :
This town : 2.7 people Wisconsin : 2.4 people
Percentage of family households :
This town : 74.9 % Whole state : 64.4 %
Percentage of households with unmarried partners :
This town : 10.2 % Whole state : 7.3 %
Likely homosexual households ( counted as self - reported same - sex unmarried - partner households ) Lesbian couples : 0.8 % of all households
0.8 % Gay men : 0.4 % of all households Residents with income below the poverty level in 2009 :
This town : 5.7 % Whole state : 8.7 % Residents with income below 50 % of the poverty level in 2009 :
This town : 3.0 % Whole state : 3.7 %
For population 15 years and over in Cylon : Never married : 23.0 %
23.0 % Now married : 63.3 %
63.3 % Separated : 0.4 %
0.4 % Widowed : 5.0 %
5.0 % Divorced : 8.4 %
For population 25 years and over in Cylon : High school or higher : 90.2 %
90.2 % Bachelor 's degree or higher : 17.2 %
17.2 % Graduate or professional degree : 4.6 %
4.6 % Unemployed : 5.4 %
5.4 % Mean travel time to work ( commute ) : 27.0 minutes
Education Gini index ( Inequality in education ) Here : 8.8 Wisconsin average : 11.0
Religion statistics for Cylon , WI ( based on St. Croix County data ) Religion Adherents Congregations Catholic 18,471 9 Mainline Protestant 14,848 30 Evangelical Protestant 8,725 34 Other 537 5 None 41,764 - Source : Clifford Grammich , Kirk Hadaway , Richard Houseal , Dale E.Jones , Alexei Krindatch , Richie Stanley and Richard H.Taylor .
2012 . 2010 U.S.Religion Census : Religious Congregations & Membership Study .
Association of Statisticians of American Religious Bodies .
Jones , Dale E. , et al. 2002 .
Congregations and Membership in the United States 2000 .
Nashville , TN : Glenmary Research Center .
Graphs represent county - level data
Food Environment Statistics : Number of grocery stores : 9 St. Croix County : 1.11 / 10,000 pop. Wisconsin : 1.86 / 10,000 pop .
Number of supercenters and club stores : 1 This county : 0.12 / 10,000 pop. Wisconsin : 0.11 / 10,000 pop .
Number of convenience stores ( with gas ) : 39 St. Croix County : 4.82 / 10,000 pop. Wisconsin : 4.12 / 10,000 pop .
Number of full - service restaurants : 67 St. Croix County : 8.27 / 10,000 pop. Wisconsin : 8.64 / 10,000 pop .
Adult diabetes rate :
This county : 6.4 % State : 7.6 % Adult obesity rate : St. Croix County : 26.1 % State : 27.5 % Low - income preschool obesity rate :
This county : 12.7 % State : 13.0 %
6.79 % of this county 's 2016 resident taxpayers lived in other counties in 2015 ( $ 61,987 average adjusted gross income ) Here : 6.79 % Wisconsin average : 5.63 % 10 or fewer of this county 's residents moved from foreign countries between 2015 and 2016 .
Top counties from which taxpayers relocated into this county between 2015 and 2016 :
from Washington County , MN 1.11 % ( $ 69,465 average AGI ) from Pierce County , WI 1.01 % ( $ 52,925 ) from Ramsey County , MN 0.55 % ( $ 75,824 )
6.57 % of this county 's 2015 resident taxpayers moved to other counties in 2016 ( $ 56,992 average adjusted gross income ) Here : 6.57 % Wisconsin average : 5.85 % 10 or fewer of this county 's residents moved to foreign countries between 2015 and 2016 .
Top counties to which taxpayers relocated from this county between 2015 and 2016 :
to Pierce County , WI 0.92 % ( $ 46,730 average AGI ) to Washington County , MN 0.78 % ( $ 69,496 ) to Polk County , WI 0.65 % ( $ 45,524 )
Strongest AM radio stations in Cylon : WXCE ( 1260 AM ; 5 kW ; AMERY , WI ; Owner : LAKE COUNTRY BROADCASTING CORPORATION )
LAKE COUNTRY BROADCASTING CORPORATION ) WCTS ( 1030 AM ; 50 kW ; MAPLEWOOD , MN ; Owner : CNTL .
BAPT .
THEO / AL SEMI MINNEAPOLIS )
CNTL .
BAPT .
THEO / AL SEMI MINNEAPOLIS ) WDGY ( 630 AM ; 8 kW ; HUDSON , WI ; Owner : 630 RADIO , INCORPORATED )
630 RADIO , INCORPORATED ) KSTP ( 1500 AM ; 50 kW ; ST .
PAUL , MN ; Owner : KSTP-AM , LLC ( DELAWARE ) )
KSTP-AM , LLC ( DELAWARE ) ) WCCO ( 830 AM ; 50 kW ; MINNEAPOLIS , MN ; Owner : INFINITY MEDIA CORPORATION )
INFINITY MEDIA CORPORATION ) KTIS ( 900 AM ; 25 kW ; MINNEAPOLIS , MN ; Owner : NORTHWESTERN COLLEGE )
NORTHWESTERN COLLEGE ) WIXK ( 1590 AM ; daytime ; 5 kW ; NEW RICHMOND , WI ; Owner : WIXK - AM , LLC )
WIXK - AM , LLC ) KFAN ( 1130 AM ; 50 kW ; MINNEAPOLIS , MN ; Owner : AMFM RADIO LICENSES , L.L.C. )
AMFM RADIO LICENSES , L.L.C. ) WMEQ ( 880 AM ; 10 kW ; MENOMONIE , WI ; Owner : CAPSTAR TX LIMITED PARTNERSHIP )
CAPSTAR TX LIMITED PARTNERSHIP ) WEBC ( 560 AM ; 50 kW ; DULUTH , MN )
WMGT ( 1220 AM ; 5 kW ; STILLWATER , MN ; Owner : ENDURANCE BROADCASTING , LLC )
ENDURANCE BROADCASTING , LLC ) KUOM ( 770 AM ; daytime ; 5 kW ; MINNEAPOLIS , MN )
WMIN ( 740 AM ; daytime ; 1 kW ; HUDSON , WI ; Owner : WRPX , INC . )
Strongest FM radio stations in Cylon : WXPT ( 104.1 FM ; ST .
LOUIS PARK , MN ; Owner : THE AUDIO HOUSE , INC . )
THE AUDIO HOUSE , INC . )
WHWC ( 88.3 FM ; MENOMONIE , WI ; Owner : STATE OF WISCONSIN - EDUCATIONAL COMMUNICATIONS BOARD )
STATE OF WISCONSIN - EDUCATIONAL COMMUNICATIONS BOARD ) KNOW-FM ( 91.1 FM ; MINNEAPOLIS -ST .
PAUL , MN ; Owner : MINNESOTA PUBLIC RADIO )
MINNESOTA PUBLIC RADIO ) WLTE ( 102.9 FM ; MINNEAPOLIS , MN ; Owner : INFINITY MEDIA CORPORATION )
INFINITY MEDIA CORPORATION ) KSTP-FM ( 94.5 FM ; ST .
PAUL , MN ; Owner : KSTP-FM , LLC , A DELAWARE LLC )
KSTP-FM , LLC , A DELAWARE LLC ) WVSS ( 90.7 FM ; MENOMONIE , WI ; Owner : BD .
OF REGENTS , UNIVERSITY OF WISCONSIN SYSTEM )
BD . OF REGENTS , UNIVERSITY OF WISCONSIN SYSTEM ) KEEY-FM ( 102.1 FM ; ST .
PAUL , MN ; Owner : AMFM RADIO LICENSES , L.L.C. )
AMFM RADIO LICENSES , L.L.C. ) KTIS-FM ( 98.5 FM ; MINNEAPOLIS , MN ; Owner : NORTHWESTERN COLLEGE )
NORTHWESTERN COLLEGE ) KDWB-FM ( 101.3 FM ; RICHFIELD , MN ; Owner : AMFM RADIO LICENSES , L.L.C. )
AMFM RADIO LICENSES , L.L.C. ) KQRS-FM ( 92.5 FM ; GOLDEN VALLEY , MN ; Owner : KQRS , Inc. )
KQRS , Inc. ) KSJN ( 99.5 FM ; MINNEAPOLIS , MN ; Owner : MINNESOTA PUBLIC RADIO )
MINNESOTA PUBLIC RADIO ) KXXR ( 93.7 FM ; MINNEAPOLIS , MN ; Owner : KQRS , INC . )
KQRS , INC . )
W211AY ( 90.1 FM ; MENOMONIE , WI ; Owner : CALVARY CHAPEL OF TWIN FALLS , INC . )
CALVARY CHAPEL OF TWIN FALLS , INC . ) WMEQ -FM ( 92.1 FM ; MENOMONIE , WI ; Owner : CAPSTAR TX LIMITED PARTNERSHIP )
CAPSTAR TX LIMITED PARTNERSHIP ) WATQ ( 106.7 FM ; CHETEK , WI ; Owner : CAPSTAR TX LIMITED PARTNERSHIP )
CAPSTAR TX LIMITED PARTNERSHIP ) WLMX-FM ( 104.9 FM ; BALSAM LAKE , WI ; Owner : QUARNSTROM MEDIA GROUP , LLC )
QUARNSTROM MEDIA GROUP , LLC ) WEVR-FM ( 106.3 FM ; RIVER FALLS , WI ; Owner : HANTEN BROADCASTING COMPANY , INC . ) TV broadcast stations around Cylon : WHWC -TV ( Channel 28 ; MENOMONIE , WI ; Owner : STATE OF WISCONSIN - EDUCATIONAL COMMUNICATIONS BOARD )
28 ; MENOMONIE , WI ; STATE OF WISCONSIN - EDUCATIONAL COMMUNICATIONS BOARD ) KMSP-TV ( Channel 9 ; MINNEAPOLIS , MN ; Owner : FOX TELEVISION STATIONS , INC . )
9 ; MINNEAPOLIS , MN ; FOX TELEVISION STATIONS , INC . ) KARE ( Channel 11 ; MINNEAPOLIS , MN ; Owner : MULTIMEDIA HOLDINGS CORPORATION )
11 ; MINNEAPOLIS , MN ; MULTIMEDIA HOLDINGS CORPORATION ) KSTP-TV ( Channel 5 ; ST .
PAUL , MN ; Owner : HUBBARD BROADCASTING , INC . )
5 ; ST . PAUL , MN ; HUBBARD BROADCASTING , INC . ) KTCA-TV ( Channel 2 ; ST .
PAUL , MN ; Owner : TWIN CITIES PUBLIC TELEVISION , INC . )
2 ; ST . PAUL , MN ; TWIN CITIES PUBLIC TELEVISION , INC . ) WCCO -TV ( Channel 4 ; MINNEAPOLIS , MN ; Owner : CBS BROADCASTING INC . )
4 ; MINNEAPOLIS , MN ; CBS BROADCASTING INC . )
KTCI -TV ( Channel 17 ; ST .
PAUL , MN ; Owner : TWIN CITIES PUBLIC TELEVISION , INC . )
17 ; ST .
PAUL , MN ; TWIN CITIES PUBLIC TELEVISION , INC . ) KSTC-TV ( Channel 45 ; MINNEAPOLIS , MN ; Owner : HUBBARD BROADCASTING , INC . )
45 ; MINNEAPOLIS , MN ; HUBBARD BROADCASTING , INC . ) KMWB ( Channel 23 ; MINNEAPOLIS , MN ; Owner : KLGT LICENSEE , LLC )
23 ; MINNEAPOLIS , MN ; KLGT LICENSEE , LLC ) WFTC ( Channel 29 ; MINNEAPOLIS , MN ; Owner : FOX TELEVISION STATIONS , INC . )
National Bridge Inventory ( NBI ) Statistics
15 Number of bridges
Number of bridges 115 ft / 35.3 m Total length
Total length 26,306
Total average daily traffic
Total average daily traffic 1,492
Total average daily truck traffic
Total average daily truck traffic 36,198 Total future ( year 2035 ) average daily traffic
New bridges - historical statistics
1 1960 -1969
2 1970 -1979
6 1980 -1989
1 1990 -1999
4 2000 -2009
1 2010 - 2018 See full National Bridge Inventory statistics for Cylon , WI
Houses and condos Apartments 65.6 % Bottled , tank , or LP gas
15.6 % Fuel oil , kerosene , etc .
8.1 % Electricity
7.0 % Wood
3.8 % Utility gas 37.8 %
Fuel oil , kerosene , etc .
35.1 % Bottled , tank , or LP gas
13.5 % Electricity
8.1 % Utility gas
5.4 % Wood
Cylon compared to Wisconsin state average : Unemployed percentage below state average .
below Black race population percentage significantly below state average .
significantly below Hispanic race population percentage below state average .
below Foreign - born population percentage significantly below state average .
significantly below Renting percentage below state average .
below Length of stay since moving in significantly above state average .
significantly above Number of rooms per house significantly below state average .
significantly below House age significantly below state average .
Six weeks , and over 100 hours of footage shot on several Canon EOS 5D Mark IIs culminates in this remarkable , 4 - minute time lapse of a Space Shuttle launch .
[ Air & Space via Planet5D ]
Advertisement
A group of 7 - year - old girls is generating controversy after its competitive dance performance of Beyoncé 's " Single Ladies ( Put a Ring on It ) " flooded the blogosphere .
" Even Beyoncé and her backup dancers were more covered up than this , " says an " uncomfortable " Kate Ward at Entertainment Weekly , while a blogger at Babble 's Famecrawler blog notes the children 's parents ' " bad choices , " and recalls that Beyoncé herself has called her influence on young girls " scary . "
But some point out that the girls ' seemingly lingerie - inspired costumes are par for the course : " If you 've been to a kids ' dance recital or competition recently , " says ParentDish , you 'll see similar outfits , and they 're not considered " shocking or provocative . "
Here 's the clip :
Moscow , Russia ( CNN ) --
Russia 's most famous prisoner , and once its richest citizen , says the latest corruption charges against him are designed to prevent his release from jail .
Mikhail Khodorkovsky , head of the giant Yukos oil company , has been jailed since his arrest , as his private jet was about to take off , in 2003 .
He was charged with fraud and tax evasion and subsequently sentenced to nine years behind bars .
A Moscow court later reduced the sentence to eight years .
At the time of his arrest Khodorkovsky had been funding opposition political parties and considered running for public office himself .
He claims his trial was part of a Kremlin campaign to destroy him and take the company he built from privatization deals of the 1990s .
The Kremlin has denied this .
Yukos , once the country 's biggest oil producer , eventually went bankrupt in 2006 as a result of a $ 27.5 billion back - tax bill .
A Russian court also ordered Khodorkovsky and his partner to pay about $ 600 million in back taxes .
But in March last year , when Khodorkovsky and his business partner Platon Lebedev , who was also arrested in 2003 and sentenced to eight years , had only two years left on their sentences , they went on trial on new charges of embezzlement and money laundering .
If convicted , they face up to an additional 22 years in prison
In an exclusive interview with CNN , Khodorkovsky maintained his innocence , insisting it is the charges that are fraudulent .
CNN was denied access to the former tycoon but managed to get written questions to him in his jail cell and he was able to respond .
Why have these new charges been brought against you ?
Do you suspect political motives ?
The new charges have been brought to prevent my release from prison .
They are undoubtedly politically - motivated since they have no merit whatsoever .
To date , the prosecutors have failed to explain where they got the idea that all the oil produced by Yukos had been stolen .
And that is exactly what I have been accused of .
Are you simply defending yourself and your former business , or is there a bigger principle at stake ?
It was a painful experience for me to see my perfectly functional company laid to waste .
However it is all history now .
It is common knowledge today that things like a ban on businesses to finance independent opposition [ parties ] , widespread illegal takeovers of property in Russia , and a manifold increase in corruption - motivated arrests of businessmen ( their businesses are then seized ) , all began with the Yukos case .
Since Yukos was first seized , the cost of corruption in the [ Russian ] economy has grown from $ 30 billion to $ 240-300 billion .
My trial is both a landmark and a symbol for this country .
Has your time in prison served any positive purpose ?
At a certain point in my life I realized that I personally needed to do something to help build civil society in this country .
However it was difficult for me to break free from what was a comfortable business routine , both psychologically and in terms of the public 's perception of me .
In that particular sense , prison has given me a chance to stop and rethink my values .
To what extent has this become a personal battle between you and Vladimir Putin ?
Clearly , Putin finds me more than disagreeable .
It 's difficult for me to say to what extent my persecution and prosecution are based on political calculations , self - interest , or emotion .
As for me , my career in business has taught me to keep my emotions under control .
What does your legal situation say about the rule of law in Russia ?
There is not one serious - minded individual in Russia right now who would tell you that this trial is lawful .
There is talk of whether such methods of achieving political goals are acceptable , and whether the goals are appropriate in the first place .
That the motives are political is no longer -- and has n't been for a long time -- a subject for discussion .
The legally sophisticated part of [ Russian ] society has also reached a consensus that charges against me are knowingly absurd .
Therefore even answering a question about rule of law would be redundant .
A GameStop employee interviewed for a piece on Japanese rape simulator RapeLay suddenly finds himself without a job .
Was he fired for his comments on the controversial game ?
We 've got the employee 's and GameStop 's sides of the story .
RapeLay is a Japanese point - and - click game that follows the story of a spoiled rich kid who takes revenge on a family of three women after one gets him arrested for being a pervert .
Through the course of the game he stalks and sexually assaults the women , eventually transforming them into his willing sex slaves .
One can imagine the sort of controversy a game like that raises .
RapeLay has never been legally available in the United States , though torrent files of the game with English translation seem to be rather popular .
Advertisement
Perhaps that 's how the game fell into the hands of Derek Littlejohn , a gamer and two - year employee at GameStop in Oakland , a neighborhood in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania .
During an interview with college journalist Ann Straub for her article , " Game spurs debate , causes controversy , " 22 - year - old Littlejohn spoke at length about playing RapeLay , pirating games via torrent , and Japanese sexual repression .
" One has to remember that Japanese culture itself is very suppressed in sexuality as a whole , to the point where they still censor their pornography with mosaics , both picture and film - wise , " Littlejohn said .
" If you continually suppress a country in terms of sexuality , they 'll just find different ways of exploring things themselves .
RapeLay is just one of those ways of people expressing themselves , to see new things . "
Advertisement
Shortly after the article was published , Littlejohn was fired from his position at GameStop .
The firing took place on April 30 , according to a wall post on Derek 's Facebook page that reads : " Derek Littlejohn 's day just keeps getting better and better .
Just got fired from GameStop in what can only be described as ' Epic ' . "
Advertisement
The note regarding his firing was n't available to view , but in a post referring to said note , one of his friends comments , " Fuck that bullshit man .
I support virtual rape , especially when commited by Derek Littlejohn .
You are my hero . "
The evidence seems to point to the fact that Littlejohn was fired for his comments .
Knowing GameStop as I do , I can see how that could happen .
When I first started writing for Kotaku , I was holding a part time job at GameStop as well .
A day after I posted a story mentioning this , I received a call from my district manager , telling me corporate had called him and I was not to mention my affiliation with the company in my posts .
Advertisement
Shortly after that I resigned from the company .
So I know that GameStop watches the internet closely for mentions of the company name .
And when the company name is spoken by an employee while talking about how easy it is to pirate and play a controversial video game about raping women ?
Well yes , that could certainly lead to that employee losing his or her job .
Advertisement
This leads us to the question : Should a company fire an employee for speaking their mind ?
In this particular situation , I 'd have to say yes .
GameStop is a company that 's all about selling video games , and while a nice portion of that market is folks like your average Kotaku reader , mature enough to handle sensitive subjects , another large segment of the company 's target audience is parents .
Parents who are already nervous about sex and violence in video games .
Parents who might see an article in which a GameStop representative casually dismisses a game about brutal rape and decide to shop elsewhere .
Advertisement
Some would argue that Littlejohn was not acting as a company representative , but when you say things like this ...
" The only reason the game is really known stateside is because of a third party releasing it in Britain via Amazon , which was shortly removed due to people 's complaints , " Littlejohn said .
" Banning has never been an issue with Gamestop . "
Advertisement
... you are speaking for the company you work for .
And should the company you work for not like what you are saying when speaking as a representative , then sure , you might get fired .
What about freedom of speech ?
Jeff Schille brings up the subject in his article on the firing over at Game Rant .
All Americans are protected by the First Amendment to the Constitution .
Abridging the freedom of speech , or of the press , is not allowed .
There is no indication that Littlejohn made any of the statements in the interview during a shift at GameStop .
Is he not free to speak his mind on his own time ?
Whether we agree with him or not , the man has a right to his opinions .
Advertisement
He does indeed have a right to his opinions .
And GameStop has the right to fire him for voicing them as a representative of the company .
Freedom of speech does n't excuse anyone from the consequences of the things they say , and when your company has policies in place about talking to the press , as GameStop does , freedom of speech does n't override those policies .
As Game Politics points out in their story on the subject , this probably would n't have happened had Ann Straub referred to Littlejohn as a an employee of a large retail video game chain and dropped all GameStop references , but she did n't , and Littlejohn referenced the company directly in his quotes .
Advertisement
In short , it 's unfortunate , but GameStop had every right to react as they did , if Littlejohn was indeed fired over the article .
A quick browse through Derek Littlejohn 's Facebook wall shows the guy is still employed somewhere , has plenty of friends , and spends an awful lot of time pantsless .
Seems like he 's taking this in stride .
Perhaps we should too .
Advertisement
We 've reached out to GameStop for comment on this story , and will update should we receive a response .
Update :
We also reached out to Derek Littlejohn , who provided us with his side of the story .
Advertisement
" Eessentially my DM ( district manager ) said that the VP of the company ( Or another bigwig somewhere above him , but important ) got phone calls about some article listed in " The Globe " ( It 's Point Park University 's newspaper website ) .
He thought it was referencing " The Globe " , a Newspaper in the UK , " Littlejohn explains .
" My friend initially asked me for help with her paper , which I was happy to do as all friends should .
Did n't know she was gonna cite me as an employee of Gamestop , which is what they were able to use as for firing me , along with a few other snippets of the article that had Gamestop attached that were slightly paraphrased from ( his comments ) . "
According to Littlejohn , the district manager told him that , because of the article and his comments , people were threatening to boycott and picket GameStop , which would cost the company millions of dollars .
He was then let go from the company .
Advertisement
" So in a nutshell : You cost us millions of dollars , gtfo , " summarizes Littlejohn .
" Though I find this a little hard to believe , but that 's just me . "
As for GameStop , while a representative could n't comment on the specifics of the situation , we were given a statement regarding situations of this nature .
Advertisement
" As a matter of company policy we do not comment on personnel issues , so I cannot offer comment on Mr. Littlejohn 's situation .
" However , I can confirm that like all other Fortune - ranked , publically - traded corporations , we have very clear company - wide policies that include protocols for associate interactions with the media and elected officials .
With over 40,000 employees in 17 countries , we communicate those protocols during the onboarding or hiring process .
Each employee signs off on that they have read and understand those policies when they are hired . "
Advertisement
With that in mind , Littlejohn 's termination should probably be viewed as the result of not following company policy , rather than someone being fired for speaking his mind .
Losing one 's job is never a happy occasion , but given the circumstances , it was n't unwarranted - merely unfortunate .
GameStop Employee Fired Over RapeLay Interview ? [ Game Rant ]
MAY 20 -- A 14 - year - old New Hampshire boy was tattooed against his will by a group of fellow high school students who told the victim that they would no longer pick on him if he agreed to the inking .
According to an arrest warrant affidavit , on May 10 the teenager was enticed to a Concord home , where the words ' Poop Dick ' and a drawing of a penis were tattooed across his buttocks .
The boy told investigators that one of his assailants warned that 'he was going to get the tattoo whether he liked it or not , ' and that 'he would not be picked on anymore if he got it done . '
When the boy asked what would happen if he tried to flee , he was told that he would be caught and beaten up , police reported .
The victim , a ninth grader at Concord High School , suffers from ' learning disabilities and self - esteem issues ' and has been ' frequently targeted for ridicule by upper classmen , ' investigators noted .
A probe of the bullying incident led to the seizure of the tattoo equipment used on the boy , and the bust of four of the victim 's assailants , who have been charged with a variety of crimes , including assault , endangering the welfare of a minor , criminal threatening , and tattooing without a license .
As seen in the mug shots here , police have arrested ( clockwise from upper left ) Donald Wyman , 20 ; Ryan Fisk , 19 ; Travis Johnston , 18 ; and Blake VanNest , 18 .
A fifth attacker , who is 15 , is also expected to be charged .
Three of the defendants attend the same school as the victim , while Fisk formerly attended the Concord school .
None of the arrestees actually knew the victim's name , referring to him in police interviews as ' Poop Dick ' or ' Spiderman , ' a nickname he was given after he once wore a Spiderman hat to school .
( 5 pages )
( CNN ) -- Betty Kilby was gripped with apprehension .
Descendants of the white family that enslaved her kin were coming to dinner .
She scrolled through a mental Rolodex of relatives who might flip out .
Her brothers had already asked her :
Why would you want to meet the family of those who held our loved ones in bondage ?
" When they ask that question , " she says , " you kind of scratch your head .
It makes sense .
Why would you want to do that ? "
As the dinner neared , she thought of her grandparents , who had toiled in the fields of rural Rappahannock County , Virginia .
" Out of all the crazy things I 've done , " she thought , " this has got to be the craziest . "
Betty had faced down racism , and white people , before .
She was one of the first African - Americans to attend a desegregated school in Virginia .
She 'd even written a book about it .
But this dinner , though weeks in the making , would test her in a new way .
' Knew we were connected '
It was a surprise for Phoebe Kilby to learn that her family owned slaves .
It was n't something her father ever mentioned .
But Phoebe had read newspaper articles about African - American Kilbys living in Virginia , near the farm where her father grew up .
Her curiosity sent her on a search of old courthouse records -- deeds , wills , census documents .
She soon learned her family owned five slaves .
And when she read Betty Kilby 's book , the puzzle fell together .
" I just knew we were connected , " Phoebe said .
But how does the descendant of a slave owner reach out ?
" It 's a hard thing to do out of the blue , " Phoebe said .
" What do you say to somebody ?
And how are they going to react to you ?
Are they going to be angry ?
Are they going to say , ' I never want to talk to somebody like you ? ' "
On January 15 , 2007 , she sat down at her computer and fired off an e-mail to Betty .
It was Martin Luther King Jr. Day .
" My name is Phoebe Kilby , and I am white , " the note began .
" Martin Luther King had 'a dream that ... the sons of former slaves and slave owners will be able to sit down together at the table of Brotherhood . '
Perhaps , we as daughters can contribute to fulfilling that dream . "
Watch a CNN reporter 's reconciliation journey in Mississippi
Days went by .
No response .
" At first , I thought she does n't want to talk to me . "
It turned out a computer glitch meant Betty never received the e-mail .
Two weeks after she sent the first note , Phoebe tried again .
" Hello , cousin , " Betty responded .
The two spoke briefly by phone and made a plan to meet .
Betty was mega - busy on a book tour , giving speeches about love and brotherhood .
At schools , black children would ask , " How come you do n't hate white people ? "
" I tell them hate is like taking poison .
The only person you hurt is yourself . "
Without much thought , Betty invited Phoebe to the family dinner .
" I thought , what kind of hypocrite would I be if I could not sit down at the table of brotherhood with Phoebe ? "
Still , she and others in her family could n't help but wonder about Phoebe 's motives .
Were the descendants of the slave master coming to steal from them one last time ?
Searching for roots
An explosion of genealogical Web sites -- from RootsWeb to AfriGeneas to Family Search -- has helped African - Americans find information about their ancestors with the click of a mouse .
Descendants of slaves and slave owners stumble upon each other while researching their families .
Sometimes , descendants of slave masters can help shed light on the past through family documents that still are n't public .
Such topics were taboo in the past and , to some degree , still are .
But time has helped make them easier to discuss .
" When you meet someone whose ancestors are connected to yours through slavery , you become connected with that history in a very personal way , " said Susan Hutchison , the community coordinator for Coming to the Table , a program sponsored by the Center for Justice and Peacebuilding at Eastern Mennonite University in Virginia .
The program , begun in 2005 , encourages descendants of slaves and slave owners to discuss history , connection , healing and action .
" So much of the damage of slavery has come from the disconnection between African - Americans and European - Americans , " Hutchison said .
" To build a connection out of a history where there 's been so much painful disconnection is particularly powerful .
" We 've found that building connections is a critical piece of what 's needed for healing on a personal level , on a family level and on a national level . "
She said the internet has made a huge difference in helping bring both sides together , although it 's still not an everyday occurrence .
It 's even rarer for descendants of slaves and slave owners to become friends .
Many draw the line at e-mail and phone contact .
" It 's quite rare for people to find each other and very intentionally talk about the real history of the time and the social forces around slavery and what came after slavery , " Hutchison said .
Why is that important ?
" There 's an opportunity to create a new legacy that is more honest and whole , " she said .
" And out of these new relationships , we 're finding people are able to take action . "
Hutchison descends from an array of Southern slaveholders and has traveled the South to meet descendants of the people her family enslaved .
Her experience spurred her to help create Coming to the Table .
The project helps people research family history and grapple with what it means to have ancestors who were slaves or slaveholders .
But it 's not just for people who have a direct family connection to slavery .
" We are all still impacted by this history , " Hutchison said .
" There are still big racial gaps -- in access to education , jobs , health care , just to name a few .
All of us , all our communities , have stories about race .
Coming to the Table tries to create a safe space for those stories to come out , so we can learn about each other and move forward together . "
Two divergent paths
Betty and Phoebe Kilby are only 10 years apart in age .
But their lives took divergent paths .
Betty grew up in the segregated South , and everything that came with it .
Her father , James Wilson Kilby , was a sharecropper who was robbed of a high school education in Rappahannock County .
He vowed that his children would get educated .
He sued the Warren County board of education , following the landmark Supreme Court case Brown vs. Board of Education of Topeka .
On February 18 , 1959 , Betty and 22 others were the first African - Americans to attend Warren County High School .
Whites boycotted the school for the first seven months of integration .
As a plaintiff in the case , Betty Kilby 's family became the target of extreme hatred .
" The minute anybody knew you were a Kilby , that opened you up to harassment , " she says .
The night before Betty first attended the school , she was washing dishes in the kitchen when shots rang out .
" I was so scared , I passed out .
My mother thought I was shot . "
Gunshots were routinely fired at her home .
The family dog was poisoned , she says .
By September 1959 , about 500 white students had returned to school .
That 's when it got really ugly .
Daily , the black students were pelted by spitballs .
Racial epithets were hurled .
Some would sniff and hold their nose up in the air " as if I stank , " Betty says .
Teachers turned a blind eye .
At restaurants , when she saw white families praying before dinner , she thought , " Are they real ?
Do they really love God like we do ? "
While Betty struggled through her high school years , Phoebe Kilby was just a young child .
The girls ' fathers had grown up less than a mile from each other on two separate farms .
( They 're not sure if their dads knew each other . )
Phoebe 's dad received his high school diploma , went to college and became a doctor .
Phoebe grew up in Baltimore , where she attended a private girls ' school with other white children .
" Right there , " she says , " you see a difference in access to education .
The trajectories of the families are just totally different . "
" Those kinds of things become more stark when you realize you have a connection to that family .
I think that 's a value of coming to the table .
It becomes apparent to you what kind of advantages you had because you 're white . "
The table of brotherhood
Betty and Phoebe bubble with enthusiasm when they talk about that evening in February 2007 , when they first met .
Despite her initial apprehension , Betty says a unique friendship emerged .
When Phoebe , along with her sister , joined Betty 's family for dinner that night , Betty says she received an unexpected surprise .
" She was coming back to say , ' What can I do to make amends ? ' " Betty recalls .
" The last thing we had thought about was a [ white ] Kilby wanting to make amends . "
Betty roars with laughter .
She admits black families have misperceptions about white families , especially the descendants of slave owners .
Black families , she says , believe most whites " wo n't talk about this , because you do n't have the courage . "
" You begin to break down those barriers as you 're able to sit down at the table and talk about the difficult things , " she says .
" You take the color of that person 's skin off , and you start to look at that person 's heart . "
Adds Phoebe : " We do n't talk to each other very much across racial lines in America .
This has given me an opportunity to really develop friendships with people I feel like are my family .
It just happens we 're a different race . "
Phoebe says it started out awkwardly in those first few minutes when they met .
One of Betty 's brothers was awfully skeptical , she says , but he " warmed up a little bit . "
After dinner , the families attended a screening of a documentary about Betty 's life .
Afterward , there was a question - and - answer session .
Phoebe stood up , introduced herself and spoke of her twisted connection to the past .
" Just having a white person get up and acknowledge there were harms done in the past seemed to be meaningful , " she says .
Betty says it went a long way to helping heal wounds .
" I 'm grateful to have met Phoebe , " she says .
One of Betty 's brothers remains unswayed .
" He just thinks it 's absolutely crazy . "
Phoebe 's father died in 1986 .
She never talked about racial issues with him , but she admits , " I do n't think he would feel very good about this . "
Both women now travel the country telling their story as part of the " Coming To the Table " program .
" I feel compelled to make that connection with the descendants of slaves , " Phoebe says .
" It makes me feel like I have an opportunity to make amends for the past in some small way .
We can reach out and work on past wrongs , and repair those harms .
That 's just important to me as a person . "
Betty agrees .
" There 's heart in that .
There 's love in that , " she says .
" That is my door to heaven , being able to love everybody today . "
How to Wear Cologne
Tips and Tricks to Get the Most Out of Your Favorite Fragrance
The AskMen editorial team thoroughly researches & reviews the best gear , services and staples for life .
AskMen may get paid if you click a link in this article and buy a product or service .
Do you think you know everything about how to apply and wear cologne ?
Spray on as much as you can right before you walk out of the door ?
Well , that ’s one way of doing it — but it ’s not necessarily the correct way , or at least the most effective .
Choosing and applying a fragrance — or fragrances — should actually take a little more thought than most people assume .
A lot of time , effort and expertise goes into making a single scent , so from notes and accords to sillage and dry down , there is more than meets the eye in that bottle of cologne , parfum or eau de toilette you ’re so fond of .
RELATED : Best Natural Deodorants for Men
Whether it ’s how to choose the fragrance that ’s right for you , how to apply cologne so it lasts all day or mixing scents together to create a unique scent that others will compliment you on , we ’ve got you covered here .
Both experts and beginners will benefit from the following tips on how to choose , apply and wear colognes .
Starting with the basics , what is a cologne ( or EDT or EDP or perfume ) and which scent family do you like ?
Cologne or EDT or EDP ?
Cologne : Typically contains the lowest concentration of oil which makes this very light and perfect for summer , however the word cologne has become a genericized term for all men ’s fragrance — even among some perfumers .
: Typically contains the lowest concentration of oil which makes this very light and perfect for summer , however the word cologne has become a genericized term for all men ’s fragrance — even among some perfumers .
EDT : Stands for Eau de Toilette and is more concentrated than cologne , yet still light .
: Stands for Eau de Toilette and is more concentrated than cologne , yet still light .
EDP : Stands for Eau de Parfum and is more concentrated than both cologne and EDT .
Most people prefer this due to the longevity of the fragrance .
: Stands for Eau de Parfum and is more concentrated than both cologne and EDT .
Most people prefer this due to the longevity of the fragrance .
Perfume :
The most fragrant with the longest sillage and a little goes a long way .
Not limited to a women ’s fragrance as many think given it ’s now the genericized term for women ’s fragrance .
5 Basic Fragrance Families
Citrus / Fresh : Consists of essential oils obtained by the cold expression of a peel from refreshing fruits such as bergamot , lemon , orange , lime , tangerine and pomelo .
It ’s found in most of the old eau de colognes and usually in sporty versions of fragrances .
: Consists of essential oils obtained by the cold expression of a peel from refreshing fruits such as bergamot , lemon , orange , lime , tangerine and pomelo .
It ’s found in most of the old eau de colognes and usually in sporty versions of fragrances .
Floral : Combines all delicate and subtle scents that have a flower as a centerpiece : rose , jasmine , muguet , violet , tuberose , gardenia , orange flower and iris .
It delivers the feel of absolute masculine addiction with elegance .
: Combines all delicate and subtle scents that have a flower as a centerpiece : rose , jasmine , muguet , violet , tuberose , gardenia , orange flower and iris .
It delivers the feel of absolute masculine addiction with elegance .
Fougère : “ Fern ” in French , it ’s built on a base of lavender , oakmoss and coumarin .
It ’s often used in men ’s scents to create a fragrance with a clean , cooling and hygienic feel .
: “ Fern ” in French , it ’s built on a base of lavender , oakmoss and coumarin .
It ’s often used in men ’s scents to create a fragrance with a clean , cooling and hygienic feel .
Oriental / Spicy : Albeit an outdated term , it remains that of this particular fragrance family .
It includes all raw materials coming from the Middle East or Far Eastern countries such as the sweet notes of vanilla , tonka bean , cistus labdanum , amber and resins .
The results are a very warm , opulent , sensual , velvety and typically an ultra-strong scent .
: Albeit an outdated term , it remains that of this particular fragrance family .
It includes all raw materials coming from the Middle East or Far Eastern countries such as the sweet notes of vanilla , tonka bean , cistus labdanum , amber and resins .
The results are a very warm , opulent , sensual , velvety and typically an ultra-strong scent .
Woody : Usually makes up the base of a fragrance and can be divided into subfamilies that are characteristics of their qualities such as dry , humid , mossy , etc .
From cedar to vetiver , many of its scents are full - bodied , racy and stately and therefore are found in most über - masculine fragrances .
Fragrance Terms to Know
Notes : Descriptors of scents in a fragrance .
: Descriptors of scents in a fragrance .
Top Notes :
The first olfactory impression of a fragrance and typically the most volatile and ingredients in a perfume .
Usually bright , fresh or citrusy .
: The first olfactory impression of a fragrance and typically the most volatile and ingredients in a perfume .
Usually bright , fresh or citrusy .
Heart Notes :
Also referred to as middle notes , these are the second phase of a fragrances evaporation , which gives the scent its character after the top notes fade .
Usually floral or spicy .
: Also referred to as middle notes , these are the second phase of a fragrances evaporation , which gives the scent its character after the top notes fade .
Usually floral or spicy .
Base Notes :
The third and final phase of a fragrances evaporation , or life on the skin .
Almost always woody or leathery notes .
: The third and final phase of a fragrances evaporation , or life on the skin .
Almost always woody or leathery notes .
Absolute :
The strongest aromatic material that can be extracted from a plant or flower .
: The strongest aromatic material that can be extracted from a plant or flower .
Accord :
A blend of two or more ingredients that blend together to form a distinct fragrance .
Typically used to create scents that cannot otherwise be extracted from nature .
: A blend of two or more ingredients that blend together to form a distinct fragrance .
Typically used to create scents that cannot otherwise be extracted from nature .
Dry Down :
The final phase of a fragrance , which emerges several hours after application .
Often this is a scent dominated by a fragrances base notes .
: The final phase of a fragrance , which emerges several hours after application .
Often this is a scent dominated by a fragrances base notes .
Sillage :
The trail of scent left behind by a perfume — simply put , the strength or intensity of a fragrance .
How to Apply Cologne
So once you know which type of scent you like and how strong you like it , let ’s move onto actually applying your cologne .
As mentioned , it ’s not as simple as showering yourself with squirts all over your clothes or walking through a fragrance cloud as you walk towards the door .
Sure , those methods might get the job done , but you will have better success if you put a little more effort into your approach .
RELATED : 25 Best Winter Colognes
The best places to apply cologne are areas of the body that produce heat , such as behind the ears , the base of the neck , the center of the chest and the inside of the wrist .
The subtle heat provided by the body will increase the intensity of the fragrance throughout the day .
Do n’t go crazy with spraying your cologne multiple times in the same spot either .
One or two sprays should be enough and if you ’re unsure of a cologne sillage , ask a friend to help you out .
If they can smell you from a few feet away , it ’s safe to say it ’s too much .
Spraying cologne on your clothing is acceptable , but should be done with caution .
A little goes a long way and if you have a heavy hand , you run the risk of turning people off as you walk into the room .
Cologne on clothing is n’t really a bad thing , but spraying it on your direct skin is better since this allows the fragrance to mix with the oils of your body and successfully project its notes in order .
Do you prefer a splash cologne ?
Well , think twice before you splash .
Instead , gently tip the bottle on your finger then press your finger on the pulse points where you want to apply .
That ’s how you use splash cologne the right way , getting the perfect subtle scent that anyone who gets close enough to smell will enjoy .
How to Layer Cologne
Thought you could wear only one cologne at a time ?
Well , get ready to have your mind blown .
Multiple colognes can be strategically layered together to create your own one - of - a - kind signature scent , and It ’s much easier to layer existing scents than to create one .
Start with a your pulse point scent — behind your ears , the base of your neck and your wrists .
Use something simple , yet strong .
This is when a fragrance oil is a perfect choice .
Something that will work well with your body ’s natural chemistry — think a soft musk or warm sandalwood .
This layer should n’t compete with your fragrances of choice , it should act as an additional layer to your own personal pheromone aroma you naturally produce all day , every day .
Your next layer should be applied to those places on your body that may require a little extra odor protection .
Places such as your armpits , your chest and even your lower back .
These areas benefit from fresh , clean notes .
Eucalyptus and bergamot are great additions here and that ’s because they help combat late day B.O.
You can even use a spray deodorant of your choice here , as long as it does n’t compete with or overpower your final fragrance .
Last , but certainly not least , is the main event , the pièce de résistance — your final fragrance .
Consider this your olfactory handshake .
This is the first impression your scent will make on all of those people you ’ll meet .
The base layers of fragrances we discuss should n’t conflict with this , but instead , they should compliment it .
Apply this final flourish to your shirt , your hair or to the air as you walk through .
A simple single spray later in the day can be enough to reignite your scent story , but only if you need it .
Proper Cologne Etiquette
If you have n’t noticed , we encourage safe scent practices .
It ’s OK to search for your favorite cologne , have a few top choices or prefer to wear no cologne at all .
However , once you find the right cologne , figure out the best way to wear it .
You can apply a cologne much more generously and often than a perfume or EDP .
Remember , you may love the smell , but that crowded train , plane or boardroom you ’re in might be full of people less enthusiastic about your choices .
Be respectful .
RELATED : Women Reveal 9 Colognes
They 're Most Attracted To
If possible , try before you buy .
It ’s hard to buy a cologne based on a bunch of blogs or a magazine editors hyperbole .
There are more and more scent subscription services that allow you to take a scent on a test drive which helps you decide if it works for you during the day , on a date , out to dinner , on the weekend — since even during different times of the day , we can react differently to certain scents .
A lot of brands also offer trial kits with a combination of favorites or even better , the ability to create your own selection of scents to try .
However , if you ca n’t find that one sample you ’re looking for , and you just have to buy the bottle sight — or smell — unseen , purchase the smallest size bottle you can .
You may love the fragrance at first , and by the time you reach the end of that 25 mL bottle , you may have decided it ’s not the one for you .
Now , you wo n’t have half a bottle sitting taking up space until you suck it up and throw it — and in effect , the money it cost you — in the trash .
Next , make sure you know what you ’re buying .
Do n’t purchase cheap , poorly made colognes since they are often full of alcohol and water and wo n’t last very long on the skin and be weary of buying cologne from untrustworthy sources such as sketchy sellers online or tourist - trap stores that sell your favorite expensive scent at a price that ’s too good to be true .
Invest in a well - made , long - lasting fragrance you ’re sure will make it throughout the day .
You ’ll wear less daily and therefore spend less overtime .
Lastly , do n’t hang on to that fragrance for years and expect it to still smell as good as it did on day one .
Fragrances do n’t “ go bad ” per se , but they do breakdown and oxidize as they age , which can leave them smelling less than their former selves or worse , just smelling bad .
It ’s not likely , but an expired cologne applied to your skin might even cause skin irritation or an allergic reaction .
From the time a fragrance is manufactured , it will typically have an average shelf life of three to five years .
13 Best Men ’s Colognes
If you do n’t know where to start , that ’s OK .
There are some fragrances that are timeless and work for most men out there .
That ’s because there are some notes that just naturally go better together and some that are just safer bets .
If one of these bad boys ends up playing nice with your nostrils , start looking for other fragrances that have similar notes , from top to bottom , and try them out , one - by - one .
Before you know it , you will have established a signature scent that does n’t over power but does n’t fade before you ’re ready .
You might say , your perfect signature scent will hit all the right notes .
Polo by Ralph Lauren
This fragrance is rich , woody and aromatic — but never overpowering .
Developed in 1978 , this is still one of the most popular fragrances out there for men who want to smell sophisticated without overpaying for it .
$ 71 at Amazon.com
Giorgio Armani Acqua di Giò
Notes of aromatic citrus and salty sea water , this iconic fragrance from Giorgio Armani is fresh enough for warmer months , and spicy enough to get you through the cooler season .
$ 76 at Amazon.com
Hugo Boss Bottled
This popular scent may have only debuted in 1998 , but it quickly became a classic for men everywhere .
It ’s crisp and spicy top is grounded by warm woods and vanilla .
$ 90 at Amazon.com
Acqua di Parma Colonia
One of the best citrusy fragrances there is , Colonia has been a best - seller among Italian sophisticates for over 100 years .
Using the fresh Calabrian bergamot as a signature note , this scent will certainly keep on being a favorite for another 100 years .
$ 66 at Nordstrom.com
Chanel Bleu de Chanel
This fragrance may be the newest of the list — launched in 2010 — but it has also quickly become one of the most recognizable .
With minty citrus - ginger top notes , the heart and base are surprisingly deep with rich incense , cedarwood , sandalwood , vetiver and white musk .
$ 77 at Sephora.com
Davidoff Cool Water
An oldie but a goodie , this is a budget best seller for a reason .
Able to be worn from day to night , fresh , bright notes of seawater and mint fade into neroli and dry down to a soft yet woody musk .
This fragrance manages to offer a little something for everyone .
$ 26 at Amazon.com
Christian Dior Dior Homme
Citrus , sage and lavender may start this fragrance out , but do n’t call it a floral .
This scent captures the French olfactory aesthetic with its subtle hints of powder and amber at the heart and its rich base of leather , patchouli and vetiver .
$ 84.50 at Amazon.com
Yves Saint Laurent La Nuit de l'Homme
A complex aromatic balance of both fresh spice and woody spice , this evening - friendly fragrance by YSL rests heavily on its opening of cardamom supported by lavender , cedarwood , bergamot and vetiver .
$ 77 at Amazon.com
Creed Aventus
Started in 2010 , this sophisticated blend established its place among other classics on the top shelf immediately .
This is the fragrance you wear if you want to have a fresh bright citrusy fragrance that manages to keep the scent all day .
A long lasting citrus sillage is n’t easy , but Creed nails it with Aventus .
It opens with bring bergamot , blackcurrant leaves , apple and pineapple and grows with the development birch , patchouli , jasmine , musk , oakmoss and ambergris .
You will get compliments every time you wear this .
$ 325 at Nordstrom.com
Calvin Klein Eternity
Who says a classic has to cost you ?
This fragrance is a best seller because it ’s good — period .
Opening with citrus , freesia and sage , the complex floral heart is grounded in masculinity with amber and sandalwood .
$ 50 at Amazon.com
Hermès Terre d’Hermès
A little goes a long way with this indulgent EDT .
Orane , pepper and vetiver start this intense scent while benzoin , cedarwood and patchouli round it out .
If you ’re looking for a long lasting , bold fragrance for the cooler months , you may have just found it .
$ 88 at Sephora.com
La Labo Santal 33
This fragrance quickly became a favorite and therefore also became quickly identifiable .
Layering this deep , woody leathery scent will be a perfect surprise when someone special decides to get close enough to take it all in .
$ 152 at MrPorter.com
Issey Miyake L’Eau d’Issey Pour Homme
This EDT is a woody aquatic fragrance with yuzu as its start .
The fragrance profile also includes nutmeg and water lily at the heart and subtle tobacco , sandalwood , cedarwood , vetiver and musk .
$ 29 at Amazon.com
Your fragrance says a lot about you , so why not make it say something nice and enjoyable for everyone ?
You Might Also Dig :
AskMen may get paid if you click a link in this article and buy a product or service .
To find out more , please read our complete terms of use .
May 14 , 2010 --
The sunlight that comes into the driver 's side of cars in the U.S. may contribute to the development of skin cancers on the left side of the face and body , a new study shows .
Researchers examined the records of 1,047 patients referred to a skin cancer unit at Saint Louis University School of Medicine .
The researchers say they detected more left - sided skin cancers than right - sided in both sexes , though the effect was stronger in men .
" We tend to see more skin cancer on the left side of the face , " says Scott Fosko , MD , chairman of dermatology at Saint Louis University School of Medicine and co-author of the study .
" The cumulative effect of being exposed to the sun builds up over many years . "
The study is published in the Journal of the American Academy of Dermatology .
Fosko says people should wear sunscreens that block both UVA and UVB rays on a daily basis to avoid skin cancer .
Checking the label of the product allows people to make sure the sunscreen protects against both .
A Saint Louis University news release on the study says carpooling mothers and daily commuters need to be concerned , not just professional drivers .
Sunscreens , he says , also offer protection against premature wrinkling and aging .
Fosko also recommends that drivers wear protective clothing when possible , and says tinting car windows and using UV filters on the glass also could help reduce harmful UV rays .
" Professional drivers learn to wear proper safety equipment , be it gloves , steel - toed boots or safety glasses when appropriate , " Fosko says in the news release .
" Sunscreen should be added to the list .
An ounce of sunscreen applied as prevention on the road can be worth a lot of time and expense parked in a doctor 's office later on . "
The researchers found that in people of both genders with skin cancers :
Finally someone speaks the truth .
In an interview with Spiegel Magazine , former Bundesbank chief Karl Otto Pohl , says it how it is : " Without a " haircut , " a partial debt waiver , [ Greece ] cannot and will not ever [ repay its debt ] .
So why not immediately ?
That would have been one alternative .
The European Union should have declared half a year ago -- or even earlier -- that Greek debt needed restructuring . "
As for the reason for the bailout , Pohl 's observation will not be a surprise to our readers " It was about protecting German banks , but especially the French banks , from debt write offs . "
Is there any hope for Europe now ?
It appears no , as the right decision was to let Greece go bankrupt : " Investors would quickly have seen that Greece could get a handle on its debt problems .
And for that reason , trust would quickly have been restored .
But that moment has passed .
Now we have this mess . "
Amusingly , when asked if banks used " speculators " as a straw man to break all EU Rules and especially the Lisbon treaty :
" Of course that 's possible .
In fact , it 's even plausible . "
We can't wait until the German population realizes just how massively it has been scammed .
Last week 's Nordrhein - Westphalia Merkel loss will seem like a walk in the park once the mobilized German society decides to fix things on its own .
Oh , and look for the EU and the euro to be a thing of the past .
Key items from the Spiegel interview :
SPIEGEL : The German government has said that there was no alternative to the rescue package for Greece , nor to that for other debt - laden countries .
Pöhl : I do n't believe that .
Of course there were alternatives .
For instance , never having allowed Greece to become part of the euro zone in the first place .
SPIEGEL : That may be true .
But that was a mistake made years ago .
Pöhl :
All the same , it was a mistake .
That much is completely clear .
I would also have expected the ( European ) Commission and the ECB to intervene far earlier .
They must have realized that a small , indeed a tiny , country like Greece , one with no industrial base , would never be in a position to pay back €300 billion worth of debt .
SPIEGEL : According to the rescue plan , it 's actually €350 billion ...
Pöhl : ... which that country has even less chance of paying back .
Without a " haircut , " a partial debt waiver , it cannot and will not ever happen .
So why not immediately ?
That would have been one alternative .
The European Union should have declared half a year ago -- or even earlier -- that Greek debt needed restructuring .
SPIEGEL : But according to Chancellor Angela Merkel , that would have led to a domino effect , with repercussions for other European states facing debt crises of their own .
Pöhl : I do not believe that .
I think it was about something altogether different .
SPIEGEL : Such as ?
Pöhl :
It was about protecting German banks , but especially the French banks , from debt write offs .
On the day that the rescue package was agreed on , shares of French banks rose by up to 24 percent .
Looking at that , you can see what this was really about -- namely , rescuing the banks and the rich Greeks .
SPIEGEL : In the current crisis situation , and with all the turbulence in the markets , has there really been any opportunity to share the costs of the rescue plan with creditors ?
Pöhl : I believe so .
They could have slashed the debts by one - third .
The banks would then have had to write off a third of their securities .
SPIEGEL : There was fear that investors would not have touched Greek government bonds for years , nor would they have touched the bonds of any other southern European countries .
Pöhl : I believe the opposite would have happened .
Investors would quickly have seen that Greece could get a handle on its debt problems .
And for that reason , trust would quickly have been restored .
But that moment has passed .
Now we have this mess .
SPIEGEL : How is it possible that the foundation of the euro was abandoned , essentially overnight ?
Pöhl :
It did indeed happen with the stroke of a pen -- in the German parliament as well .
Everyone was busy complaining about speculators and all of a sudden , anything seems possible .
SPIEGEL : You do n't believe in the oft - mentioned attacks allegedly perpetrated by currency gamblers , fortune hunters and speculators ?
Pöhl : No .
A lot of those involved are completely honorable institutes -- such as banks , but also insurance companies and investment - and pension funds -- which are simply taking advantage of the situation .
That 's totally obvious .
That 's what the market is there for .
...
SPIEGEL : With the exception that speculators are now carrying no risk at all because euro - zone members have agreed to guarantee Greek debt .
Pöhl : Yes , and that is harmful .
It means that the basic balancing mechanism in the market economy is out of sync .
SPIEGEL : Is it possible that politicians invented the specter of rampant speculation to legitimize a break with the Lisbon Treaty and with the ECB 's rules ?
Pöhl :
Of course that 's possible .
In fact , it 's even plausible .
SPIEGEL : What will be the political consequences of this crisis ?
Pöhl :
The whole mechanism of the European community will change .
The EU is a federation of nations , not a federal republic .
But now the European Commission will have a lot more power and more authority as well as the potential to interfere in national budget law .
That , however , is constitutionally problematic in Germany .
SPIEGEL : But this could also be construed as a positive development .
For a long time , critics have been saying that before we can have a genuine currency union we need common fiscal and economic policy .
Surely this crisis has brought the EU closer to that goal .
Pöhl :
Yes , that is the logical next step of our union , but we must bear the burden .
You only have to look at what it is going to cost us Germans .
I would have preferred that things had n't gone quite this far .
...
SPIEGEL : If you were president of the Bundesbank today , would you be ordering the printing of German marks just in case they became necessary ?
Pöhl :
No , no , we have not gone that far quite yet .
In my opinion , the euro is in no danger .
Perhaps one of the smaller countries will have to leave the currency union .
SPIEGEL : How should that work ?
Pöhl :
It would involve Greece , if we stick with the case we were discussing , reintroducing the drachma .
SPIEGEL : But Greece does n't seem to have any interest in doing that -- and it would be against European agreements to force Athens to leave the currency union .
Pöhl :
That is correct .
As long as a country receives such massive support , it would , of course , have no interest in turning its back on the euro .
SPIEGEL : You think that could change ?
Pöhl :
On the mid and long term , I would n't rule it out .
Pinky the Cat goes NUTS
As a cat owner / lover I hate to see my feline friends used and abused , but this Tomcat was in charge .
The poor animal control workers really got the rough end of the stick .
If Facebook has its way , you 'll never surf the same way again .
The company announced big plans this week that enable developers to label their sites and exchange information about Facebook users , potentially setting the stage to better organize the web .
The idea for such a reorganization has been around for a long time .
Tim Berners - Lee , the inventor of the World Wide Web , years ago envisioned the next stage in the web 's evolution , calling it the Semantic Web .
It would , he wrote , " bring structure to the meaningful content of Web pages , " enabling computers to understand that content and how it relates to other sites and information across the internet .
Change has been slow because standards are hard to set and enforce , but Facebook 's scale could accelerate the transformation .
First , you have to understand how Facebook plans to expand its reach .
The company is extending its plumbing to other sites to become a sort of clearinghouse on how its 400 million users navigate the web .
Visit review site Yelp.com , one of three current partner sites , and the site can find out which of your Facebook friends are on the site and then show recent reviews and photos they 've uploaded .
Yelp does this by accessing Open Graph , the new Facebook framework that allows developers to exchange information .
Using Open Graph , sites can create subsets around users ' interests and exchange that information with one another , TechCrunch reports :
Yelp might create one around restaurants , Pandora might create one around music , Netflix around movies .
Add some " like " buttons and anytime someone likes a restaurant , song , or movie anywhere on the Web with a Facebook like button , that information will flow back into the Open Graph .
So that Yelp will know what restaurants you and your friends have liked elsewhere and take that into consideration when giving you recommendations , or Pandora with music , and so on .
( Yelp and Pandora are real examples , Netflix is n't ) .
Given its scale , Facebook could end up completely transforming the web and may have even won the war against Google .
If enough sites buy in , Facebook would have helped set a standard that would usher in a long - awaited , new era , writes Newsweek 's Barrett Sheridan :
Computer scientists have long envisioned a Web 3.0 , a smarter Internet that understands the difference between objects , people , places , animals , etc .
In other words , computers and servers should know that Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind is an object , and in particular it 's a film , and in particular a film by Michel Gondry , who is a person .
Right now computers see words like " Michel Gondry " only as dumb , meaningless text .
Facebook wants to change that -- which is great .
But it also plans to own that information -- which is scary .
Privacy concerns abound and could block Facebook 's march to control the web .
So could other companies if they refuse to participate .
But Facebook 's plans are ambitious and , if it succeeds , it could become more than just a social network .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
It 's a quest that led employees to engage fraud , and ultimately led to WaMu 's failure in September of 2008 , a Senate subcommittee alleges .
Along the way , the thrift infected the secondary mortgage market with billions of dollars in bad loans .
Those are the findings of year and a half long investigation by the Senate Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations .
The panel is holding the first of four hearings Tuesday on the role high risk mortgages played in the financial crisis .
" Using a toxic mix of high risk lending , lax controls and destructive compensation practices , Washington Mutual flooded the market with shoddy loans and securities that went bad , " the subcomittee 's Chairman Carl Levin ( D - Mich ) , said in a statement .
Levin said his subcommittee looked at the Seattle - based thrift as a case study .
He described it as the story of a 100 year old traditional lender that turned away from safer lending practices to pursue the higher profits reaped from selling high risk mortgages to Wall Street firms .
As it did , the thrift failed repeatedly to bring the hammer down on fraudulent practices rampant in some of its most profitable mortgage centers .
Starting in 2003 WaMu began increasing the production of subprime loans .
At the time , Wall Street firms were buying these mortgages , bundling them together , slicing them into pieces and selling them to yield - hungry investors in a process known as securitization .
Despite the underlying nature of the loans , the securitized products often received triple A ratings from credit rating agencies .
Here is a lovely fragment of archive I found .
It is in the middle of a very serious BBC documentary called " Flightpaths to the Gods " made in 1997 all about the Nazca Lines in the high Peruvian desert .
The film tries to explain who or what made the mysterious geoglyphs .
After dismissing Erik von Daniken 's theory that they are alien runways , the film suggests that they are the product of a drug - taking shaman culture - and that they are really giant drawings that show the visions the shamen had when astral flying on psychoactive drugs over the desert landscape .
Then suddenly we cut to a Shaman using a live guinea pig in a new and unique way - as a diagnostic tool for illnesses in the human body .
It is short but it is great .
In order to see this content you need to have both Javascript enabled and Flash installed .
Visit BBC
Webwise for full instructions .
If you 're reading via RSS , you 'll need to visit the blog to access this content .
I found it when looking for footage of the Yanomamo tribe who live on the borders of Brazil and Venezuala .
The Nazca film argues that the Yanomamo are the remnants of that drug taking shaman civilisation .
I am fascinated by the way the Yanomamo appear again and again in the BBC film archive .
And each time they turn up they play a new role as different Western concerns and ideas about human beings and nature are projected onto them .
In the Nazca programme the Yanomamo hold the key to unlocking the mysteries of an ancient civilisation that knew more about the world and its spiritual dimensions than we do .
But the Yanomamo have played other roles .
They are very much the archetype for the Na'vi tribes in James Cameron 's Avatar .
An indigenous people that has been ruthlessly exploited by Western commercial interests , but who are also somehow better than us .
They are an innocent people with a clearer vision than us .
A vision that we have lost because we have been corrupted and driven mad by the sophisticated and amoral society we live in .
This was the version of the Yanomamo that television gave you throughout the 1980s .
I just wanted to show two bits of this .
The first is from Breakfast Time in 1983 - it is part of " Yanomamo The Musical " performed by some British schoolchildren .
The lyrics talk about the Yanomamo worshipping trees and animals ( very Avatar ) .
In order to see this content you need to have both Javascript enabled and Flash installed .
Visit BBC
Webwise for full instructions .
If you 're reading via RSS , you 'll need to visit the blog to access this content .
And this is from a Def II episode in 1989 .
Six years had gone by and another musical had been written .
But this time it is performed by ageing rock stars .
It films them in a recording studio and it is the high point of the alliance between rock music and the indigenous peoples of the Amazon .
I particularly like Iggy Pop 's revelation that it was the trees of his home state of Michigan that helped him through an emotional crisis .
In order to see this content you need to have both Javascript enabled and Flash installed .
Visit BBC
Webwise for full instructions .
If you 're reading via RSS , you 'll need to visit the blog to access this content .
But prior to this there had been at least three other - very different - versions of the Yanomamo presented by the BBC .
Throughout the 1970s western TV producers paddled up the river with their cameras .
And each time the Yanomamo were reinvented to fit with the changing and contradictory demands of those making the films .
The first is from in 1969 ( but shot in 1968 ) .
It is a film called RIVER OF DEATH - a documentary about an odd collection of Britons , including a reporter called Arthur from the People newspaper , who want to find out about this strange people called the Yanomamo ( the commentary also refers to them by another name - the Guaica ) .
They start off in a hovercraft , but switch to small boats and arrive first at a Yanomamo village run by the New Tribe Mission - a group of American evangelicals who had been working with the Yanomamo since the 1950s .
Here is a bit from that part of the film .
The crew interview a missionary family .
Standing around them you see the Yanomamo trying to please the western missionaries , all dressed up in western clothes
In order to see this content you need to have both Javascript enabled and Flash installed .
Visit BBC
Webwise for full instructions .
If you 're reading via RSS , you 'll need to visit the blog to access this content .
But this is 1968 and the West 's expectations and dreams are changing .
The journalists want the Yanomamo to be something else .
The documentary makers have heard that upriver there are groups of Yanomamo who have an extraordinary drug .
And they want to get hold of it .
It is an odd film .
There are two voices narrating it .
One is the producer who sees the Yanomamo as noble savages who have been corrupted by the missionaries .
The other is Arthur from The People who projects onto the Yanomamo a much older vision - they are primitive savages who know nothing about the world , have never met a white man before and ask him ( so he claims ) whether he 's killed and scalped his wife .
In reality , as some anthropologists have since pointed out , the Yanomamo had been regularly meeting westerners for over a century .
Here is the bit of the film of the explorers finally arriving at the " lost " village only to find that all the Yanomamo men have disappeared ( They are " out hunting " ) .
The westerners find the drug - but there is noone around who will take it .
There is a wonderful bit of one of the western missionaries demonstrating its effect .
But that is all - the Yanomamo men fail to deliver .
They remain hidden in the trees .
The Yanomamo are a mystery .
In order to see this content you need to have both Javascript enabled and Flash installed .
Visit BBC
Webwise for full instructions .
If you 're reading via RSS , you 'll need to visit the blog to access this content .
But four years later the Yanomamo had got their act together .
This time they give western television exactly what they want .
The Yanomamo act out the counterculture hippie dream
The BBC put out a film called SONS OF THE BLOOD .
It is narrated by David Attenborough , and in it the Yanomamo men do practically nothing all day except take vast amounts of psychoactive drugs .
While the women do the cooking .
The commentary makes it clear that the Yanomamo are a violent people , that they fight wars .
But once inside the confines of their own commune - sorry , village - they create a new kind of society based on " trust and loving " .
The Yanomaomo fight wars because they are proud , but they are also a gentle people .
The film portrays Yanomamo daily life in the village as an idyllic dream world .
They have no experts , they do practically no work , they just lie around in the hammocks smiling .
The drugs , the films says , are central to their culture and they allow the Yanomamo to experience other realities that are denied to us , fallen westerners .
Here is a bit from the film .
In order to see this content you need to have both Javascript enabled and Flash installed .
Visit BBC
Webwise for full instructions .
If you 're reading via RSS , you 'll need to visit the blog to access this content .
But also in the early 70s the BBC made another film called THE FIERCE PEOPLE in which the Yanomamo played a completely different role .
They were shrewd , cunning and above all highly political .
It was at that moment in the Cold War when America and the Soviet Union were beginning the process of Detente .
As a result the international tension was easing - but the west was riven by the question of whether one could trust the Soviets .
The film follows a group of scientsists from the US Atomic Energy Commission who have come to study the Yanomamo .
A central part of their study is to examine the politics of Yanomamo society and see what it can tell us about our own political behaviour .
The film does this by examining how " primitive " peoples negotiate and form alliances .
Here is a bit from the film where the Yanomamo from one village give a feast in order to make an alliance with another village .
It is a different version of the Yanomamo , but yet again underlying the film is the belief that the Yanomamo are a simplified reflection of us and our dreams and aspirations .
Simplified because you can see them in their natural clarity .
And yet again the Yanmomamo act out their roles perfectly .
In order to see this content you need to have both Javascript enabled and Flash installed .
Visit BBC
Webwise for full instructions .
If you 're reading via RSS , you 'll need to visit the blog to access this content .
But things changed quickly in the west .
And only three years later a new version of the Yanomamo was required by TV .
This time they are no longer political , instead they are programmed robots .
And they are used to prove scientifically a new truth about us .
That we " civilised " people are also robots driven by immortal codes deep inside our bodies .
The Selfish Gene had just been published , and science programmes had got very excited by the rise of Sociobiology .
Horizon made a film called THE HUMAN ANIMAL - and in it the Yanomamo played a central role .
Village life is no longer and idyllic dream .
Instead it is full of individuals attacking and defending one another in a continuous churning state of tension .
The programme focusses on the work of an American anthropologist , Napoloen Chagnon - and an experiment he conducted about a particular fight in a village .
Chagnon said that the behaviour of each individual Yanomamo in the fight was really controlled by their genes .
Who they chose to attack and who they chose to defend was mathematically determined by how closely or distantly related the individuals were .
Here is a bit from a series I made called The Trap - where I use extracts from The Human Animal - about Chagnon 's experiment .
In order to see this content you need to have both Javascript enabled and Flash installed .
Visit BBC
Webwise for full instructions .
If you 're reading via RSS , you 'll need to visit the blog to access this content .
In all these examples we in the West - both scientists and TV producers - are projecting our ideas and our dreams and our fears onto the Yanomamo .
But the Yanomamo are not just passive in this .
Each time they seem to work out what the westerners want and then give it back to them perfectly .
Or , as in the case of Chagnon they play with him and trick him in funny ways .
Which makes you wonder .
Maybe they are just as sophisticated as us in the west ?
Or maybe even more so ?
Medallion Touch Panels
Techsol ’s touch - panel computers are unique in their value proposition .
Not only are they based on a decade of ARM HW development , but they leverage the Medallion System to bring feature - rich SW backed up with unmatched support .
Like all Medallion products , these touch - panel computers are not sold as “ Linux Compatible ” , but rather they are shipped with Linux pre-loaded .
And like all our products , they are each individually tested running Linux before you get them .
Internet users face the risk of losing their internet connections on 5 May when the domain name system switches over to a new , more secure protocol .
While the vast majority of users are expected to endure the transition to DNSSEC smoothly , users behind badly designed or poorly configured firewalls , or those subscribing to dodgy ISPs could find themselves effectively disconnected .
DNSSEC adds digital signatures to normal DNS queries , substantially reducing the risk of falling victim to man - in - the - middle attacks such as the Kaminsky exploit , which caused widespread panic in July 2008 .
The standard is currently being rolled out cautiously to the internet 's DNS root servers .
In May , when all 13 roots are signed , anybody with an incompatible firewall or ISP will know about it , because they wo n't be able to find websites or send email .
Why ?
Here comes the science bit .
Normal DNS traffic uses the UDP protocol , which is faster and less resource - hungry than TCP .
Normal DNS UDP packets are also quite small , under 512 bytes .
Because of this , some pieces of network gear are configured out of the box to reject any UDP packet over 512 bytes on the basis that it 's probably broken or malicious .
Signed DNSSEC packets are quite a lot bigger that 512 bytes , and from 5 May all the DNS root servers will respond with signed DNSSEC answers .
Keith Mitchell , head of engineering at root server operator Internet Systems Consortium , said his biggest fear is for large enterprises with sprawling networks .
“ There are a lot of firewalls and other middleware boxes out there that make the assumption that there are only small UDP packets , ” he said .
“ Several times a month we receive reports of problems like this . ”
Sometimes these devices will failover to TCP , which drains bandwidth and hardware resources because it uses handshaking to set up connections .
Mitchell said he's also concerned about ISPs that rewrite DNS answers as they pass across their networks .
Some ISPs do this to redirect their customers to cash - making search pages when they 're trying to find a non-existent website .
In China , ISPs use the same method to censor websites .
“ They 're doing a lot of fiddling along the way and it's by no means clear to me that the fiddling is aware of DNSSEC , ” he said .
The solution to the problem is Extension Mechanisms for DNS , EDNS0 , a decade - old IETF standard that is not yet universally implemented .
Mitchell said ISPs and enterprises need to ensure that their gear can handle EDNS0 to avoid problems with the transition .
You can test whether your current DNS resolver is capable of handling DNSSEC , by following the instructions at DNS - OARC or running a Java app that can be downloaded from RIPE .
Home users using residential hubs should not panic if these tests return scary results .
According to Mitchell , it currently only matters that the ISP supports DNSSEC .
A dodgy Netgear box is not enough to kill your internet ... cross fingers . ®
WARSAW , Poland — Polish president Lech Kaczynski , 60 , was killed in an air crash near the Russian city of Smolensk on Saturday morning along with 95 other people , after the plane tried repeatedly to land in very foggy conditions .
The crash also killed Kaczynski's wife , Maria , the governor of the central bank , Slawomir Skrzypek , the heads of Poland 's army , navy , air force and special forces , as well as many other senior politicians and dignitaries .
The delegation was on its way to memorial services in the Katyn forest , located about 10 miles from Smolensk , which was the site of the murder of more than 4,000 Polish officers by the Soviet Union in 1940 .
“ The modern world has never seen such a drama , ” said a shaken Donald Tusk , the prime minister , who was to fly to Smolensk to meet with Vladimir Putin , his Russian counterpart .
“ Many of our friends and acquaintances have died . ”
The country was in shock after the tragedy , with hundreds of people showing up at the presidential palace in downtown Warsaw to lay wreaths and express their grief .
A national period of mourning was declared and Polish flags were lowered to half - staff .
Condolences poured in from around the world .
Including from both Putin and Dmitry Medvedev , the Russian president , who promised a thorough investigation into the causes of the crash .
“ Today ’s loss is devastating to Poland , to the United States , and to the world , ” said a statement from U.S. President Barack Obama .
“ Today , there are heavy hearts across America .
The United States cherishes its deep and abiding bonds with the people of Poland . "
The Smolensk airport is mainly a military airfield located not far from the city 's center .
It lacks some of the more modern navigational aids , and the controller recommended that the Polish government plane divert to Minsk or Moscow because of the difficult conditions .
The pilot of the Russian built Tupolev Tu-154 airliner had tried and failed to land three times before clipping some trees and crashing in flames .
Kaczynski was immediately replaced by Bronislaw Komorowski , the speaker of parliament , who takes over the president 's duties until new elections are called , which should happen within 60 days .
The loss is unlikely to have a significant impact on the day - to - day functioning of the country .
Bank chief Skrzypek was immediately replaced by his deputy , Piotr Wiesiolek , and the dead military commanders were replaced by their subordinates .
Under the Polish constitution , the president has a more ceremonial function than the prime minister , who is in charge of the government and actually runs the country .
Kaczynski had engaged in a long series of disputes over his powers with Tusk , and had usually come off the worst against the popular government leader , leaving the presidency weaker than when he took office in 2005 .
Kaczynski had been a controversial president , seen to be in thrall to his twin brother Jaroslaw and to the right - wing Law and Justice party that the two had created in 2001 .
His support in opinion polls had slipped to about 20 percent , and analysts had predicted that he would lose against Komorowski , the candidate of the ruling Civic Platform party , in elections originally scheduled for this fall .
It is unclear who will be the standard - bearer for Law and Justice in the presidential elections .
The likeliest candidates are thought to be Jaroslaw Kaczynski and Zbigniew Ziobro , a popular former justice minister who is currently a member of the European Parliament .
The crash decimated the party 's top leadership , which will make it difficult to organize before the snap presidential poll .
Kaczynski was a long - time activist in the anti-communist underground , and had played a role in the formation of the Solidarity trade union in 1980 .
He was a key negotiator in the transition to democratic rule in 1989 , although he later fell out with Lech Walesa , the Nobel Peace Prize laureate and Poland 's president from 1990 - 1995 .
Kaczynski was elected president in 2005 , and concentrated on cultivating the memory of the losses Poland suffered in World War II , as well as warning against what he saw as dangers to Polish sovereignty from both Russia and Germany .
He was a firm ally of the United States , and saw the U.S. as the ultimate guarantor of Poland 's security .
Provoking an irate reaction seems to be largely the point .
GrammarCop , one of several people who seem to exist on Twitter solely to copy - edit others , recently received a beatdown from the actress Kirstie Alley , to whom he had recommended the use of a plural verb form instead of a singular .
“ Are you high ? ” Ms. Alley wrote back .
“ You really just linger around waiting for people to use incorrect grammer ?
you needs a life . ”
( One of Ms. Alley ’s people said that the actress was too busy to comment for this article . )
A life , indeed .
While some of us may live to host weight - loss shows , others find solace in pedantry .
Fans of the late journalist and linguist William Safire may recall his “ Gotcha !
Gang , ” readers who liked to point fingers at the occasional lapse in Mr. Safire ’s weekly language column for The New York Times Magazine .
He once described them as “ a hardy tribe obsessed with accuracy and a lust for catching error in others . ”
Image Nate Fanaro tracks those who overuse their cap locks as CapsCop. Credit ... Doug Benz for The New York Times
The same could be said of the Twitter gadflies , whose constant yipping at their victims gives a bit of an edge to the free - for - all dialogue on the site .
“ There ’s always this sarcastic humor pervading Twitter , where people will see something that someone has posted quite innocently , and they ’ll respond to it in such a way that just is like a slap , ” said Lance Ulanoff , editor of PCMag.com and a frequent tweeter .
“ Then what ’s worse is that that gets re-tweeted , so now it ’s like you got a bunch of people standing around you , pointing and laughing . ”
Among the laughers and pointers is Jacob Morse , a 27 - year - old user interface designer from Richardson , Tex .
Last year , he and some friends started a Web site — Tweeting Too Hard — devoted to mocking self - important Twitter users .
There , people can discuss fake - humble tweets like , “ I gave my cleaning lady a raise today , even though she did n’t ask , as my own little contribution to fighting the recession . ”
Wrote one commenter : “ Let ’s hope she was grateful enough to overlook the bionic condescension . ”
All you Batman fanboys out there , better get your tissues , so you do n’t drool on your keyboards , because this Batpod replica is a treat .
We ’ve seen cool Tumbler replicas before , but this is the first functional Batpod I ’ve seen , so far .
And the best thing about this thing is that it ’s for sale .
Sure , we ca n’t all just whip out $ 100,000 to buy it , but at least we can dream .
The 1:1 replica Batpod took several months to complete , including 2 months of research and over 1,000 hours of intense labor .
Its frame and tubing are made of hardened steel , the covers and arm guards are high tensile strength fiberglass .
The engine is a whopping 650 cc , which features nitrous injection boost and water cooling .
In case you ’re wondering this custom made Batpod can be ridden , and although it ’s not street legal , it has been tested in a controlled environment .
According to the seller , it can be made street legal , at the buyer ’s request .
Still I would n’t recommend taking this thing for a ride on the highway , if you value your life .
The auction for the Batpod replica is ongoing on eBay , so you still have a chance of snatching it , for $ 100,000 .
Tuff Luck , a Portland , Ore. , cafe , celebrated its grand opening last month .
The coffee shop is located inside In Other Words , a feminist bookstore ,
and was started as a way to help transgender people
raise money for health care by providing them with a side job and a venue
for selling art .
“ It ’s mostly people ’s art that they can make money off because right now we can’t really afford to pay employees , ” entrepreneur Ryder Richardson told Just Out , a Portland - area LGBT newspaper .
“ Down the line we ’d like to set up an individual development account and get organizations to match whatever people can make working here . ”
The cafe is inclusive of anyone who identifies as transgender , regardless of transition status , and raises funds for a variety of health care needs , including therapy , hormones , and surgery .
Richardson ’s friend Seamus Bogues created the shop with the goal of funding their top surgeries and told Just
Out they eventually want to provide the same option to others .
“ For a business , we ’ve done it on a shoestring for sure , ” Richardson said .
“ It adds to the charm , I think . ”
Richardson and Bogues thought of the idea after a friend suggested the two work out of the bookstore instead of a coffee cart .
“ In Other Words wanted to draw more business and have more people hang out in here , so it kinda worked out for them to let us use the space ’ cause it ’s kinda mutually beneficial , ” Richardson said .
“ I know they ’re trying to have more people of different genders feel like they can hang out here . ”
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Fewer children are dying around the world , with deaths among children under 5 falling in almost every country , U.S. researchers reported on Sunday .
Slideshow ( 2 images )
Using a new method of calculating mortality that they say is more complete and accurate than previous methods , the team at the University of Washington says the number of deaths of children under 5 has plummeted from 11.9 million in 1990 to 7.7 million in 2010 .
The findings are similar to a September report by the United Nation ’s children ’s fund that showed better malaria prevention and using drugs to protect newborns of AIDS - infected mothers lowered mortality from 12.5 million under - five deaths in 1990 to 8.8 million in 2008 .
But the new estimates suggest that 800,000 fewer young children died than UNICEF estimates .
“ Previous estimates had shown child deaths falling slowly and neonatal deaths nearly at a standstill , ” Julie Knoll Rajaratnam , who led the study , said in a statement .
“ We were able to double the amount of data and improve the accuracy of our estimates to find that children are doing better today than at any time in recent history , especially in the first month of life . ”
Globally , the team says 3.1 million newborns died in the past year , 2.3 million infants and 2.3 million children aged 1 year to 4 .
Writing in the Lancet medical journal , Knoll and colleague Christopher Murray said they found under - 5 mortality is falling in every region of the world with increases in only Swaziland , Lesotho , Equatorial Guinea and Antigua and Barbuda .
Every year , mortality goes down more than 2 percent for children , they said .
“ One of the biggest achievements of the past 20 years has been this incredible progress in countries that historically have had the highest child mortality in the world , ” Murray said .
Some findings , availablehere
* In Ethiopia , 202 per 1,000 children born died by age 5 in 1990 , one of the highest rates in the world .
By 2010 , that rate has dropped by half to 101 per 1,000 .
* Singapore had a child mortality rate of eight per 1,000 in 1990 , but now has the lowest rate in the world with two under - 5 deaths per 1,000 .
* The United States ranks 42nd in the world with a 2010 under - 5 mortality rate of 6.7 per 1,000 .
* This is about the same as Chile , with a 6.5 per 1,000 mortality rate and far below Portugal , with 3.3 and Sweden with 2.7 .
In April , the same group reported that AIDS , smoking and obesity were reversing progress made in helping people live longer around with adult mortality rates worsening over the past 20 years in 37 countries .
Friends compliment him on his true talent .
Christopher Hitchens and Richard Dawkins have called for the prosecution of Benedict XVI , and the human rights lawyer Geoffrey Robertson , in an exercise of creativity , suggested that the abuse cases could be considered crimes against humanity and tried by the international criminal court ( ICC ) .
The Hague - based court has that far started investigations only into a few selected situations : most prominently the bloody conflict in northern Uganda , the atrocities in the Democratic Republic of Congo and the massacres in Sudan .
It is an intriguing thought that the Vatican might be next on the list , and that the pope 's next Easter mass will be broadcast from a prison cell .
Only :
It wo n't happen .
Robertson probably knows that .
True enough , the ICC can prosecute sexual slavery as a crime against humanity – as well as rape and other sexual offences .
But not every sexual offence falls automatically in that category .
Something else needs to be in place : sexual offences only become crimes against humanity if they are done in the " context of a widespread or systematic attack directed against a civilian population " .
That in itself is difficult to prove ( who is the " civilian population " in the abuse cases ? ) .
And there is more : the attack must be based on a " State or organizational policy " .
With all the horrors that abusive priests have inflicted on children in their care , it would still be a stretch of the reality to speak of a papal plan to carry out the abuse .
Outside the ICC , it is even more difficult to drag the pope into a courtroom .
In national courts , Benedict XVI enjoys the highest form of immunity that international law gives to individuals : the immunity of a Head of State .
Papal critics see that differently : they are not convinced that the Vatican really qualifies as a State .
In international law , reference is usually made to four elements which " make " a State : a defined territory , an effective government , a permanent population and the capacity to enter into international relations .
The Vatican has all four , but in rather eccentric forms .
Its territory is well defined , but tiny ( it is the smallest State on the planet ) .
It has a government – well structured and effective , but not exactly democratic ( it is an absolute monarchy ) .
Vatican City is permanently populated , and there is such a thing as Vatican citizenship : but it is a small population , and quaintly composed ( mainly clergy and the Swiss Guard ) .
It certainly has the capacity to enter into relations with other States .
In fact , it has done so frequently , and that is a crucial point : the Holy See ( representing the Vatican ) has relations with more than 170 States .
Wherever papal diplomats are received , they enjoy immunity from criminal law – just like diplomats from any other State .
The Vienna Convention on Diplomatic Relations , to which almost all States are party , expressly refers to papal representatives ( nuncios and internuncios ) .
It would be absurd if the representatives of the pope had immunity , but not the pope himself .
In international law , a sense of the realities not an altogether bad idea .
That the church has let its members down , is beyond question .
That those who actually carried out the crimes , must face justice , is likewise clear .
But utopian dreams about the pope in an iron cage help no one – least of all the victims of abuse .
Thanks to many readers in the Twin Cities area who wrote this morning with the welcome news that Tommy Mischke will again have a live radio show .
Starting next Monday , he 'll be on WCCO four nights a week from 10 pm to midnight Central time .
Details here , in Star - Tribute item that includes this not - overly - flattering pic :
My Atlantic article about Mischke and his idiosyncratically brilliant show , from ten years ago , here .
Most recent of many subsequent web - site mentions of his activities here .
There are lots more , but this is what our " search " function is for ...
As always my motto is , we take our good news where we can find it .
Congrats to WCCO , Mischke , and diaspora of Mischke Nation .
This is part of my series on “ How to Make a Christian “ .
In that post , I illustrated what an adult ’s modular mind looks like before they become a Christian ( seen to the right ) .
This post elaborates on the inner workings of our Moral Minds .
Keep in mind that the Tribal Mind supplies the Moral Mind with classifications of how to value the various people addressed in our moral calculations ( thus the arrow ) .
In the diagram below I have enlarged the Moral Mind to illustrate some of its inner workings .
You will note that , like the mind itself ( above ) , this module is also composed of sub-modules .
These modules often work rather independently of each other ( except where arrows show otherwise ) and thus our minds are often divided when it comes to moral behavior .
If you have ever taken an ethics class , you have learned these three common ethical systems :
Utilitarian Ethics : “ The greatest good for the greatest number . ”
Here , the outcome matters .
( Consequentialism )
: “ The greatest good for the greatest number . ”
Here , the outcome matters .
( Consequentialism ) Deontological Ethics :
“ Do to others what you would have them do to you . ” ( and similar rules ) .
Here , the action matters .
( Kant , Natural Law )
: “ Do to others what you would have them do to you . ” ( and similar rules ) .
Here , the action matters .
( Kant , Natural Law ) Virtue Ethics : “ The virtuous person is the moral person . ”
Here , the person ’s heart is what matters .
You will note that in my model , these three calculators ( and others ) are working simultaneously in the person ’s mind .
This illustrates part of the reason why philosophers have not reached agreement on morality .
The calculators ( sub- modules ) have all biologically evolved to solve different sorts of behavior decisions ( moral choices ) depending on different environmental settings and thus they have contradictory outputs at times .
Thus Philosophers and Theologians , trying to build one , simple , coherent intellectual system , run into the problem of trying to reconcile all these into one consistent .
systematic , prescriptive ethical system .
Please note :
Two other common normative ethical systems not captured in this cute illustration above are : 1 ) Ethical Egoism and 2 ) Contractualism .
My model is nowhere near complete nor accurate but instead is just my attempt to sketch for you some of the complexity that is inherent in addressing morality .
Oh yes , please note :
No gods , spirits or ghosts where used or sacrificed in the making of this model .
But I will be later discussing how these sub-modules are commandeered to serve spirits and gods .
To finish this post , let me include below this SUPERB video by Andy Thomson from the 2009 Atheist Alliance International Conference where he explains this issue of contradictory moral modules in the mind .
My model basically agrees with much of what is in Dr. Thompon ’s lecture .
Dr. Thomson has a private practice of general psychiatry and forensic psychiatry as well as serving as a staff psychiatrist at the University of Virginia ’s Institute of Law , Psychiatry and Public Policy and also at the Counseling and Psychological Services of the University of Virginia Student Health Services .
He has a B.A. from Duke University , and MD from University of Virginia School of Medicine .
Enjoy !
…
Mastercard Memorial Cup Nears Sellout
May 17 , 2010 - Western Hockey League ( WHL ) - Brandon Wheat Kings News Release
The Memorial Cup Host Organizing Committee , in conjunction with the Keystone Centre box office are pleased to announce that the 2010 MasterCard Memorial Cup is nearing a complete sell - out as preparations continue for Monday night 's game between the two unbeaten teams remaining - the Western Hockey League 's Calgary Hitmen and the Windsor Spitfires from the Ontario Hockey League .
As of Monday morning , May 17th , less than 400 tickets - with the majority of them being Standing Room tickets - were still available for the remaining three round robin games , Friday night 's Semi-Final and Sunday 's Championship Final at Westman Place .
Should a Thursday night Tiebreaker be required , over two hundred tickets would go on sale later this week .
Fans wanting to order MasterCard Memorial Cup tickets are asked to call 726-3555 , go online to www.ticketmaster.ca or visit the Keystone Centre box office .
The first three games of the 11 - day Championship have featured Standing Room Only Sell out Crowds including over 5,200 Sunday afternoon that featured a 4 - 0 victory by the hometown Brandon Wheat Kings over the Moncton Wildcats of the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League .
The Memorial Cup is being hosted in Manitoba for the first time ever , since the event turned into a Tournament format close to four decades ago .
This marks the fifth Memorial Cup appearance for the Wheat Kings , who last participated in the National Championship in 1996 .
• Discuss this story on the Western Hockey League message board ...
Western Hockey League Stories from May 17 , 2010
The opinions expressed in this release are those of the organization issuing it , and do not necessarily reflect the thoughts or opinions of OurSports Central or its staff .
I admit that when approaching William Lobdell ’s Losing My Religion : How I Lost My Faith Reporting on Religion in America — and Found Unexpected Peace ( HarperCollins , 2009 ) , I expected the standard debunking treatment that is so familiar in news and entertainment media these days .
Instead , I was pleasantly surprised to find a balanced and engaging narrative that mixes accounts of the stories Lobell covered while a religion reporter for the Los Angeles Times with details of his own journey into , then out of , faith .
Lobdell ’s journey and reporting
Lobdell ’s journey began in his late twenties , when he first attended the Mariners Church , a nondenominational megachurch in Orange County .
Ironically , that church is located just a couple of blocks away from the Newport Beach Temple .
[ The Mariners Church very kindly allowed their parking lot to be used for overflow parking during the public open house tours provided prior to the dedication of the temple in 2005 . ]
Lobdell slowly grew in the faith , recovered his health , improved his marriage , got a big salary bump , and gained a spiritual mentor and friend in Hugh Hewitt , the blogging law professor and conservative commentator .
So far , so good .
Still in search of what he called “ The Moment ” ( when an Evangelical has that born - again experience ) , Lobdell attended a weekend retreat at Hewitt ’s urging .
Lobdell ’s account of that weekend alone merits the price of the book for any LDS reader .
Lobdell describes a “ cycle of singing , testimony , preaching , sharing and praying [ that ] repeated itself Saturday morning , Saturday evening and Sunday morning ” ( p. 19 ) .
By design , the weekend left us emotionally raw .
Cut off from our regular lives , our facades broke down under the assault of song , prayers , worship , honest sharing and sleep deprivation .
With real emotions exposed , I could see that the other guys were as screwed up as I was .
…
There was nothing these guys would n’t share : addiction to pornography , affairs , mistreatment of children , failed business ventures , and alcohol and drug abuse .
And they all found comfort and direction in Jesus . ( p. 20 )
Does that sound cultish or what ?
Before the end of the weekend , Lobdell had his Moment .
I ’m not suggesting every Evangelical gets born again through this sort of manipulation , of course .
But nothing like this happens in the LDS Church .
We do n’t do retreats .
Converts need to go through a series of lessons and attend church prior to being considered for baptism into the LDS Church .
Every convert goes through a relaxed but sober and straightforward interview with a local LDS leader to confirm that individual ’s ’ understanding of and belief in the basics of the LDS faith before being baptized into the Church .
It is the polar opposite of the cultish approach used by some Evangelicals as described by Lobdell .
It is worth noting that Lobdell the author , looking back on the experience of Lobdell the believer , did not discount , bracket , or ridicule his own earlier experience .
It was a sincere spiritual experience — he said it was “ what I can only call a vision ” ( p. 22 ) .
He deserves credit for passing up an easy opportunity to criticize his prior actions and beliefs ( and , by extension , religion and religious conversion in general ) .
Later in the book he reflects more generally on how he now views his earlier belief .
Religious ceremonies I once thought were exquisitely beautiful … now seem almost comical to me , what with the incense , the holy water , the costumes and the freshly minted priest prostrate on the floor .
But then I remember where I was a short time ago , viewing nonbelievers with sadness because they did n’t know the Lord .
With all that has happened to me , I do n’t feel qualified to judge anyone else .
( p. 271 . )
Lobdell was eventually hired by the Los Angeles Times , where he soon began covering religion stories .
His timing was good , as a big Catholic priest abuse story was just breaking in Orange County .
He recounts the details of this expanding story over several chapters .
He also summarizes his reporting on other stories , including a series on the escapades of a popular televangelist , the faith struggle of an attorney representing sex abuse victims , then finally his own struggle and eventual loss of faith .
His short explanation to a colleague : “ I lost my faith on the religion beat ” ( p. 260 ) .
The series of personal essays published in the Times recounting Lobell ’s loss of faith generated a tremendous response .
“ This kind of response was completely unexpected . …
There were people across the religion spectrum who had serious doubts .
Many said they felt reluctant to express them .
Their stories … poured in .
More then 2,700 of them , in the end ” ( p. 268 ) .
Encounters with Mormonism
Chapter Nine , “ The Golden Rule , ” recounts the stories Lobdell did on Mormonism , including his experience as part of a wagon train trek reenactment .
That story produced an invitation to the first Exmormon Conference , which he described as “ 60 ex-Mormons gathered in a small , dingy meeting room at a second - rate hotel . ”
But he could feel their pain : “ rejection by Mormon spouses , children , and relatives ; the disappearance of Mormon friends ; the end of a social life ; and sidetracked careers ” ( p. 130-31 ) .
And so forth .
Given the many positive stories Lobdell authored on Mormons , one can hardly accuse him of animosity , but I think he was a little too willing to take the stories he heard at the conference at face value .
One Exmo who regularly sported a “ Have You Hugged an Apostate Lately ? ” t- shirt complained about “ having problems in her marriage . ”
Okay , I can see that .
Lobdell saved the most interesting section on Mormons for the last chapter .
After publishing “ Bedrock of a Faith is Jolted , ” a story on DNA and the Book of Mormon in 2006 , he was invited to speak at a Sunstone West conference in Southern California .
I ’m not sure he really understands Sunstone : “ The lecture hall was filled with devout Mormons , and I was the only non-Latter - day Saint on the panel ” ( p. 280 ) .
He anticipated criticism of his story , but did n’t get any … until the last panelist , Clifton Jolley , unloaded what Lobdell called “ a bizarre , occasionally funny , often angry 45 - minute tirade ” ( p. 281 ) .
Lobdell chalked up Jolley ’s “ out - of - proportion response ” to insecurity , “ the result of someone trying desperately to defend a faith that had one too many fault lines running through it ” ( p. 282 ) .
I find that response ironic on two counts .
First , few Mormons would consider a Sunstone speaker to represent the LDS response .
The Sunstone response to the DNA issue might be insecurity ; the mainstream LDS response is to simply ignore it .
Second , it ’s odd to see Lobdell , who had recently lost his own faith , criticize someone who energetically defends his faith rather than surrendering , as did Lobdell .
Maybe Mormon roots grow deeper than Evangelical roots and Lobdell ’s loss of faith did not prepare him to understand the Mormon response to contrary evidence .
I ca n’t blame Lobdell for losing his Evangelical faith ; I understand Jolley ’s defense of his Mormon faith .
In any case , that was certainly an interesting choice for the last story in the book .
Mandated FTC
Disclosure : I received a free review copy of the book reviewed in this post .
I am entirely responsible for the contents of this review .
I am also responsible for the decision to post or not post a review of the book .
Reviews are posted for the entertainment and enlightenment of Times and Seasons readers .
Readers are encouraged to consult a variety of other sources before making purchase decisions regarding any product or service discussed at this site .
I have received no other compensation in return for posting this book review .
Soundtracks are used to great effect in Movies , TV Shows , and Video games .
They up the emotional investment of the viewer , create a connection on another sensory level , and they act as cues for the type of action going on .
Having a soundtrack for your game can really increase the enjoyment and investment from your players .
Having a soundtrack is a lot more than just playing some music though .
Like any powerful tool , a soundtrack for your game can do as much to hinder you as it can to help you .
I ’m not going to rehash a lot of the ground that Martin covered in his excellent article on creating Deep and Simple Playlists , but I am going to point you in the direction of the newest tool that I ’ve found for incorporating music into my game .
A Great Resource For Music – Pandora
Adding a soundtrack takes a small amount of back - end work , but it can be immeasurably beneficial .
I just stumbled across a great way to use Pandora to simplify a lot of the work .
I ’ve been listening to Pandora at work a lot lately .
I ’ve been loving it so much that I paid the $ 38 upgrade fee to get the Pandora One desktop player , but Pandora is free if you want to run it out of a browser , you just have to tolerate some occasional ads .
I made a station based off of Yoko Kanno ’s music and realized how great Pandora can be for making a playlist with the feel you want for your game .
All you have to do is setup a Pandora station based off of a soundtrack or song that you really like .
Go to the Station setup and add in a few similar songs from other soundtracks or classical music that has the right feel and Pandora does the rest .
You do n’t worry about playing the right song at the right time , Pandora just shuffles between music that is similar to your seed music .
Set up a few stations with general moods that you want to imbue .
Drop in baroque classical and more refined soundtracks for good “ Dealing with Nobles ” music .
Seed a station with some deep Cantus music , stuff from the fountain soundtrack , or FF7 ’s Sephiroth theme song for that epic Big Bad Evil Guy feel .
Pull some Louis Armstrong , Ink Spots , Roy Brown , Miles Davis , and various other Jazz for a great noir game soundtrack .
Find the right mix of electronica , drone , and techno and you can build a sci- fi station that keeps your group feeling futuristic .
You can even use stations that others have shared out .
Here are a few shared stations that I found with just 5 minutes search :
Lord Of The Rings –
The movies gave us some great soundtracks .
Anime / Game – Great for a cyberpunk techno game .
Final Fantasy –
Is that an incredibly long sword , or are you just happy to see me ?
Old School Video Games – Some of the best of 8 bit .
Bioshock Radio –
You want old school jazz for a creepy feel ?
Here ya go .
Warcraft Radio – Another video game influenced radio station .
By thumbing up and thumbing down songs you can get some decent mileage out of a Pandora station .
It wo n’t always be perfect , but it will give you lots of music for little work and you can generally let it go on its own once you ’ve got it started .
Games run in more modern eras are going to get a lot more mileage out of this , but you can do pretty well with soundtracks for fantasy and sci- fi games .
So do you use Pandora for anything gaming related right now ?
Can you think of 5 seed songs for a good station for the game you are currently running ?
( Image of Pandora One used for illustrative purposes )
( Notes image here : here / CC BY - NC-ND 2.0 )
You all remember how the Right freaked out last year over that DHS bulletin for law enforcement warning that the nation was looking at a surge in right - wing domestic terrorism -- the kind of trend that always has lethal consequences for law enforcement personnel .
They were especially freaked out over a single footnote in the bulletin :
Rightwing extremism in the United States can be broadly divided into those groups , movements , and adherents that are primarily hate - oriented ( based on hatred of particular religious , racial or ethnic groups ) , and those that are mainly antigovernment , rejecting federal authority in favor of state or local authority , or rejecting government authority entirely .
It may include groups and individuals that are dedicated to a single issue , such as opposition to abortion or immigration .
The report further detailed some of the antigovernment belief systems it was warning about , and how they would exploit the current circumstances :
Historically , domestic rightwing extremists have feared , predicted , and anticipated a cataclysmic economic collapse in the United States .
Prominent antigovernment conspiracy theorists have incorporated aspects of an impending economic collapse to intensify fear and paranoia among like - minded individuals and to attract recruits during times of economic uncertainty .
Conspiracy theories involving declarations of martial law , impending civil strife or racial conflict , suspension of the U.S. Constitution , and the creation of citizen detention camps often incorporate aspects of a failed economy .
Antigovernment conspiracy theories and “ end times ” prophecies could motivate extremist individuals and groups to stockpile food , ammunition , and weapons .
These teachings also have been linked with the radicalization of domestic extremist individuals and groups in the past , such as violent Christian Identity organizations and extremist members of the militia movement .
The bulletin , it turns out , could have been describing Jerry Kane .
C&L was one of the first news organizations to report that last Thursday 's shootout in West Memphis , Arkansas , involved a far - right extremist named Jerry Kane and his 16 - year - old son Joe , acting evidently on the paranoid belief systems they had been traveling the country promoting .
Now more details are emerging about Kane .
And the portrait that is emerging is one that 's becoming all too familiar :
Yet another " sovereign citizen " radicalized by far - right belief systems , fully convinced that the American government and its laws are illegitimate , which gives them the right to act beyond the law .
And once they move beyond the law , anything is possible .
This is why we 've seen so many " sovereign citizens " acting out violently now , from Scott Roeder , the killer of Dr. Tiller , to James Von Brunn , the Holocaust Museum shooter , to Jerry Kane .
This is also why we 're seeing so many police officers -- seven in the past year alone -- mowed down by these far - right radicals .
The first firm details came an Associated Press report that described some of Kane 's wanderings and previous brushes with the law :
Jerry Kane , who used the Internet to question federal and local government authority over him , made money holding debt- elimination seminars around the country .
He had a long police record and had recently complained about being arrested at what he called a “ Nazi checkpoint ” near Carrizozo , N.M. , where court records showed he spent three days in jail on charges of driving without a license and concealing his identity before posting a $ 1,500 bond .
Sheriff Gene Kelly of Clark County , Ohio , told The Associated Press on Friday that he had issued a warning to officers on July 21 , 2004 , saying that Mr. Kane might be dangerous to law enforcement officers .
Sheriff Kelly said he had based his conclusion on a conversation the two men had had about a sentence Mr. Kane had received for some traffic violations .
Sheriff Kelly said that Mr. Kane complained in 2004 about being sentenced to six days of community service for driving with an expired license plate and no seat belt , saying that the judge had tried to “ enslave ” him .
Mr. Kane had added that he was a “ free man ” and had asked for $ 100,000 per day in gold or silver .
“ I feel that he is expecting and prepared for confrontations with any law enforcement officer that may come in contact with him , ” Sheriff Kelly wrote in his warning to officers .
On an Internet radio show , Mr. Kane expressed outrage about his New Mexico arrest .
“ I ran into a Nazi checkpoint in the middle of New Mexico where they were demanding papers or jail , ” he said .
“ That was the option .
Either produce your papers or go to jail .
So I entered into commerce with them under threat , duress and coercion , and spent 47 hours in there . ”
Mr. Kane said he planned to file a counterclaim alleging kidnapping and extortion .
“ I already have done a background check on him , ” he said of the arresting officer .
“ I found out where he lives , his address , his wife ’s name . ”
According to the the Knoxville News , Kane 's seminar videos included threats against federal officials :
Jerry Kane traveled the country with his son giving seminars on what he called " mortgage fraud " and offering advice on foreclosure strategies .
A website promoting those seminars provided a trove of information -- audio files and YouTube videos and links to various documents -- detailing his world views .
One particularly chilling YouTube clip involves Kane fielding a question about a " rogue " Internal Revenue Service agent : " Violence does n't solve anything , OK .
It 's not violence that we 're after .
The Bible even tells us that if you 're going to go and make war against somebody , you have to kill their sheep and their goats and their chickens and their babies and their wives .
OK ? "
In the YouTube video he said , " You have to kill them all .
So what we 're after here is not fighting , it 's conquering .
I do n't want to have to kill anybody , but if they keep messing with me , that 's what it 's going to have to come out .
That 's what it 's going to come down to , is I 'm going to have to kill .
And if I have to kill one , then I 'm not going to be able to stop , I just know it . "
In that video , he and Joe joke about using a bat to " take care of " a problem with an IRS agent .
The SPLC's Mark Potok describes the precise stripe of Patriot ideology that Kane was selling :
Redemption theory varies across the country but arose in the Patriot movement , which generally sees the federal government as an evil entity involved in various conspiracy theories aimed at ordinary Americans .
In its best known version , redemption theory claims that every U.S. citizen has a " straw man , " or secret legal twin , that the government uses to capture the economic value of citizens unknowingly sold into slavery to a banking cabal .
Redemptionists often claim that by filing certain documents individuals can reclaim their sovereignty and the money that was deposited into a special account at their birth .
Kane appeared to be teaching a variant of the theory that supposedly allowed people who have lost their homes to foreclosure to get them back at a fraction of their value .
In addition , the My Private Audio site , apparently written by a friend of Kane and his son , talks about how Kane was pulled over in New Mexico last month for not having a driver 's license .
Many Patriots who call themselves " sovereign citizens " do not believe they are required to carry driver 's licenses , pay taxes , or obey most laws .
The site also carried other signs of Patriot beliefs , including discussions of implantable microchips and the Council of Foreign Relations , an object of much Patriot conspiracy theorizing .
The New York Times has more :
In 2002 and again in 2004 , property owned by the Kanes was foreclosed on , according to court records , and the health department sued him twice .
In 2007 , Hope Kane died of complications related to pneumonia .
By then , Mr. Kane was already involved in what the Anti-Defamation League and the Southern Poverty Law Center , which study hate groups , call the Patriot movement or the “ sovereign citizen movement , ” extreme groups that believe the government has no legitimate authority .
The van Mr. Kane was driving was registered to the House of God ’s Prayer at 132 W. Main Street , in New Vienna , Ohio , a vacant building that is owned by an aging white supremacist .
J. J. MacNab , an insurance analyst and expert on tax and financial frauds who has closely watched sovereignty groups for a decade , said she had found 141 vehicles registered to that address under different names , including several church names , indicating that people were probably using it as a way to shelter property from the I.R.S. ...
Jim Jenkins , a former mortgage broker in Seattle who attended one of Mr. Kane ’s seminars in April , said that Mr. Kane had been largely congenial , but that his anger had flared when he recalled a traffic stop earlier that month in New Mexico .
Mr. Kane was arrested and jailed on charges of driving while his license was suspended or revoked and concealing his identity .
“ He was very upset for quite a while about the New Mexico stop , ” Mr. Jenkins said , “ because he did n’t believe you need a license to travel in the nation ’s highways .
That that is a right of every American , not a privilege . ”
In a clip from an Internet radio show , Mr. Kane accused the New Mexico officers of kidnapping him from a “ Nazi checkpoint ” and said he had done a background check on the arresting officer .
“ I found out where he lives , his address , his wife ’s name , ” he said .
In a video of one of his seminars , which was removed from YouTube over the weekend , Mr. Kane responded to reports of a zealous I.R.S. agent by twice suggesting that she be found and beaten up .
Joseph said , “ If you pay for the bat , I ’ll take care of the problem . ”
Mr. Kane also referred to a earlier problem with alcohol , saying : “ I do n’t want to kill anybody but if they keep messing with me , that ’s what it ’s going to come down to .
And if I have to kill one , then I ’m not going to be able to stop .
I just know it , I mean , I have an addictive personality . ”
Ms. MacNab said Mr. Kane had first appeared on her radar about four years ago as a promoter of the debt- elimination program run by the Dorean Group , whose leaders have since been convicted of fraud and conspiracy .
Two years ago , she said , he resurfaced as the leader of his own seminars .
Seminars of this type usually teach that each person has a real self and a “ corporate self ” that is a fabrication of the government , and that banks cannot legitimately lend money that belongs to their depositors .
“ It ’s mumbo jumbo ; it ’s magic words ; it ’s abracadabra , ” Ms. MacNab said .
Ms. MacNab said that Mr. Kane had competitors far more successful than he , whose seminars might command audiences of 250 people at a time .
At Mr. Kane ’s last seminar in Las Vegas a week ago , for which he charged $ 300 per person , only six people attended .
As we explained back when the controversy was raging , the DHS report was n't an attempt to " silence " mainstream conservatives who may find themselves holding views uncomfortably close to these radicals :
It 's about Richard Poplawski .
And the dozens , if not hundreds , of little latent Poplawskis out there , waiting to pop off and kill more police officers , or just as likely , a crowd of innocent bystanders .
But you 'll notice that all the people who were squawking loudly about the DHS bulletin a year ago are being terribly quiet about this case .
Image caption
The couple were said to have spent long hours in internet cafes
A South Korean man whose baby daughter starved to death while he spent much of his time playing a fantasy game online has been jailed for two years .
The 41 - year - old 's wife was also sentenced to two years in jail , but her sentence was suspended .
The judge said he had shown the woman leniency because she was pregnant with another child .
The couple , identified only by their surname , Kim , were said to be obsessed with the Prius Online game .
In the game , players have to help a young girl called Anima to recover her lost memory and develop emotions .
While they played the game in internet cafes , they fed their three - month - old daughter only once a day and left her alone for hours .
Web addiction
Sentencing the pair , Judge Yu Sang - jae said their " irresponsible behaviour " had led to the baby 's death .
" The defendants should have looked after their underweight and premature baby but they got addicted to a computer game , did n't feed her well and they even hit her , " he said .
" This is an inhumane and immoral crime that can't be forgiven for any reason . "
Korean newspaper JoongAng
Ilbo reported that prosecutors had asked for five - year jail terms for the man and his 25 - year - old wife .
But Judge
Yu decided to give a lighter sentence because they had expressed remorse and were awaiting the birth of another child .
There are some two million internet addicts in the country , according to the government , which recently announced a series of measures to tackle the problem .
Traditional or country foods like Arctic char , shown here hanging out to dry near Rankin Inlet , are considered far healthier than processed alternatives available in the north , despite concerns over toxins .
(( Eric Loring / ITK ) )
In spring , Inuit families head to the shore together and pull feisty fish from the seemingly pristine waters of the wild Arctic .
While northern lakes look clean and are hundreds or thousands of kilometres from polluted cities in the south , however , some hide rising levels of toxic mercury .
Concentrations of methyl mercury , the most poisonous form of the metal , are now so high in freshwater fish and marine mammals in some parts of the Arctic that they could not be sold legally in Canada , Environment Canada reports .
The increased levels seem linked to warming temperatures in the north , but the nature of the connection is still largely a mystery .
A network of scientists ranging from biologists to atmospheric scientists to glaciologists is working hard to track the path of mercury as it makes its way from industrial areas across the northern hemisphere into the Arctic food web .
They are making some intriguing discoveries .
Toxic lessons Toxins like mercury and PCBs ( polychlorinated biphenyls ) can travel long distances across the northern hemisphere on air currents .
From time to time , they fall to the ground with rain or snow , but revaporize into the atmosphere when the ground heats up .
In that way , they hop from place to place , said Eric Loring , senior researcher for the health and environment department for Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami .
Once they get into the Arctic , however , they do n't revaporize , Loring said .
" And they start building up in the environment . "
As toxins move higher up in the food chain , from invertebrates to fish to marine mammals , they become more concentrated .
That 's a big human health concern in the Arctic , where people top the food chain , eating large predators such as seals and whales .
In the 1980s , when Inuit communities first heard about organic toxins like PCBs and DDT in their food , they began to fear some of their healthiest practices .
" People stopped eating their country foods ; people stopped breastfeeding , " said Loring , who has lived most of his adult life in remote northern villages and camps .
" People stopped hunting , because they were scared of potentially harming their children . "
Continued ...
Northerners such as Elena Labranche , 44 , who lives in Kuujjuaq , Que. , a remote community of 3,000 , are keeping a close eye on the data .
Labranche , who is Inuit , goes fishing or hunting nearly every weekend with her husband and sometimes her six - year - old grandson .
Their catch of traditional or country foods changes with the seasons .
" Geese are coming soon … ptarmigan , " said Labranche .
" Summer , it 's going to be seals and belugas . "
Labranche is the assistant director of public health for Nunavik , the northernmost region of Quebec , and area of tundra surrounded by Hudson Bay and Hudson Strait .
Her work includes promoting country foods as far healthier than store - bought , processed alternatives .
Her favourite is muktuk — beluga skin .
Catch limits make it a rare delicacy that is enjoyed only about twice a year , but it remains an integral part of the cultural life in Nunavik .
" When people do catch it , it 's shared by the community , " she said .
" This is a special occasion .
Usually , we go to the elders ' house and do a big feast . "
As a public health official , Labranche is aware of concerns about the toxins mixed in with the nutrients and vitamins .
Levels of some have been declining , but not all .
" For mercury , we know that it 's still going up , " Labranche said .
But there 's a lot that 's still unknown , including just how the mercury is getting into the Arctic food chain , whether it will keep rising , and what could mean for the Inuit way of life .
Toxic surprise
People in Kuujjuaq in northern Quebec enjoy a meal of seal , whale , caribou and char .
(( Eric Loring / ITK ) )
Two decades ago , scientists believed that the clean Arctic environment made Inuit an ideal comparison group for studies on people in more polluted environments .
Unexpectedly , researchers discovered levels of toxins such as PCBs ( polychlorinated biphenyls ) were far higher in Inuit breast milk than those of mothers in the south , said Eric Loring , senior researcher with the health and environment department of Ottawa - based Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami , the national organization representing Inuit .
That led to the launch of research and monitoring programs and mobilized Inuit leaders who took the data to the international community .
Many chemicals such as PCBs and DDT were banned , and levels have been decreasing in the Arctic environment and in animals .
" Then along comes mercury , " said Loring .
Mercury can cause developmental problems in children and nerve and brain symptoms ranging from tremors to memory loss in adults .
It is a trickier substance than PCBs and DDT for a number of reasons , Loring said .
Even though large amounts are released into the air by human activities such as coal burning , smelting , mining and waste incineration , mercury also occurs naturally in the environment , where it undergoes a complex chemical cycle .
Secondly , climate change seems to be releasing huge existing stores of mercury from the environment , and curtailing mercury production may not be enough , Loring added .
" Some of this stuff we can't actually control . "
Air traveller
Evidence is mounting that a lot of the mercury carried by winds into the Canadian Arctic comes from rapidly industrializing Asian countries such as China and India .
Alexandra ( Sandy ) Steffen , shown here downloading data during field work in Barrow Alaska in 2009 , said an estimated 50 to 200 tonnes of mercury get deposited in the northern polar region each year .
( ( Courtesy of Sandy Steffen ) ) Alexandra ( Sandy ) Steffen , 40 , an atmospheric mercury specialist at Environment Canada , has been monitoring mercury levels from a station in Alert , Nunavut , since 1995 .
She said mercury can vaporize and travel long distances in the air .
An estimated 50 to 200 tonnes get deposited in the northern polar region each year .
A model created by one of Steffen 's collaborators , Dorothy Dunford , points to Asia as the major source .
Recently , Steffen 's research has revealed some good news - levels of airborne mercury measured in Alert decreased between 1995 and 2007 , possibly due to lower emissions from North America and Europe over that period .
Every spring in the high Arctic , stable mercury in the air gets converted to a more reactive form that drops out of the atmosphere .
It lands on surfaces such as snow or ice , or attaches to soot or dust in the air .
From there , it somehow makes its way into the food chain .
Steffen 's research group has found the conversion to reactive mercury , which is unique to polar regions , is very sensitive to temperature .
According to the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change , average Arctic temperatures increased at almost twice the global average rate over the past 100 years .
As they rise , the polar conversion between stable and reactive mercury has been moving earlier in the season from May to April .
" If it starts warming up , there will be changes in how much mercury 's deposited , " she said .
" What the change is , we 're not entirely sure . "
Lessons from history
Glaciologist Christian Zdanowicz , 44 , has a strategy that he hopes will help predict such changes .
Christian Zdanowicz , seen here measuring an ice core inside the cold room laboratory at Natural Resources Canada in Ottawa , hopes to analyze ice deposited 8,000 years ago to find out how a warmer climate affected mercury content .
(( David Barbour / Courtesy of Natural Resources Canada ) )
" In the Arctic , if you change climate , you change the reactivity of the Arctic atmosphere , " said Zdanowicz , who works for Natural Resources Canada .
" Mercury cycling is very sensitive to temperature change , snow and ice cover change , sea ice cover change .
So if we really want to anticipate how is this going to change in the future , one way to look at it is to look in the past . "
Atmospheric measurements go back just 15 years , but decades or even centuries of records are buried in Arctic glaciers .
Each year , the glaciers gain a new layer of snow , embedded with particles from the air , including mercury .
Zdanowicz drills through glaciers all over the Arctic and collects cylinders of ice containing a stack of layers .
" It 's a bit like using tree rings , " he said .
" You 're drilling through time . "
He cuts the cylinder into segments , each representing a time period , with the oldest at the bottom .
The samples are sealed in bottles and carefully analyzed for mercury at his Ottawa lab , which is equipped with a specially designed cold room with ultra -pure air .
In this way , he hopes to see changes over time and gain some insight into the role of the changing climate .
In fact , Natural Resources Canada has a collection of ice cores that contain layers deposited up to 8,000 years ago — a time when the earth was far warmer than today .
Zdanowicz also hopes to analyze their mercury content as a comparison .
Still , he is n't sure he 'll be able to complete his studies .
He learned in March that funding the environmental geosciences program that his mercury work falls under will be cut short in a year instead of wrapping up four years from now .
" Whether we will be able to continue that work is highly uncertain at this time . "
Climbing the food chain
The path taken by mercury into the food chain from the air , snow , ice or ocean currents is n't yet clear .
Gary Stern , shown here on a 2008 research cruise in the Arctic , has found that the growth of algae seems to boosts the amount of mercury in the food chain .
(( Emily Chung / CBC ) ) Gary Stern , a senior research scientist with the Department of Fisheries and Oceans and professor at the University of Manitoba , is seeking answers by studying burbot fish in the Mackenzie Basin .
Levels of mercury in the fish roughly doubled between the mid-1990s and 2008 .
Surprisingly , toxins such as PCBs and DDT have increased three - to four - fold , even though their levels in the atmosphere have decreased .
To figure out why , Stern examined layers of sediment accumulated over time .
He found that increased mercury was linked to an increased amount of a special type of carbon associated with algae .
It appears mercury dissolved in the water sticks to the algae , which multiplies when temperatures are warmer and summers longer .
" It actually scavenges mercury and PCBs from the surface waters , " Stern said .
The mercury - laced algae are eaten by zooplankton and invertebrates .
In that way , toxins dissolved in the water , possibly for decades , begin their journey up the food chain toward humans .
Another effect of climate change is the degradation of permafrost .
Environment Canada researcher Derek Muir is studying how that changes the release of mercury from the soil into streams and lakes .
Not only freshwater is affected .
Stern estimates there is now 100 times more mercury dissolved in the Arctic Ocean now than there is in the bodies of living organisms .
That suggests that even if humans stop spewing mercury into the air , it could be a while before levels in fish and animals start to decline .
' It 's still the best food '
Labranche has been keeping on top of the latest information about mercury contamination in country foods .
" What is most contaminated from what we know is fish , and it 's usually the lake trout , " she said .
Labranche , who has three children and three grandchildren herself , advises communities in Nunavik that larger fish have higher levels of contaminants , so pregnant women should eat smaller portions , less frequently .
They can also choose to eat species such as Arctic char , which is rich in nutrients and low in contaminants .
Locally caught fish are tested regularly , and officials are keeping an eye out for consistently high mercury levels in certain types of fish in certain lakes .
Results are expected this summer of Canada 's largest ever Inuit health survey , which was conducted in 2007 and 2008 and included measurements of blood mercury levels .
Public health officials are already considering how they will communicate the results to northern communities .
From June 7 to 11 , a United Nations Environment Program 's intergovernmental negotiating committee will meet in Stockholm to start preparing an agreement to reduce mercury emissions around the world .
The negotiations will be based on the work of researchers such as Steffen , Zdanowicz and Stern .
In the meantime , Labranche will continue taking her young grandson out on the fishing and hunting trips he looks forward to every weekend .
And she 'll keep encouraging people in her community to eat country foods .
" The nutrients in country foods outweighs the contaminants .
It 's still the best food that you can eat , " she said .
" It 's part of our culture , it 's part of who we are . "
Rarely does a president bet everything on a single card , but Barack Obama did it on healthcare .
Almost from the beginning , the White House was guided by one priority : Nothing must get in the way of healthcare .
Everything else would have to wait .
On Sunday night , the president who was criticized for winning a Nobel Prize without much of a record finally won a signature achievement -- victory on the kind of massive healthcare overhaul that Democrats had sought and failed to achieve for nearly half a century .
In the months ahead , Obama will face the question of whether his healthcare victory is a high - water mark for a now - exhausted administration , or instead becomes the leaping - off point for victories on other big issues , such as energy , immigration and financial regulation .
But what became clear in the healthcare debate is that Obama is a president with a combative stubbornness , one that was not often visible in his cool , above - the - fray public demeanor .
And he has demonstrated that a president who picks a goal , adopts a battle plan and sticks with it , come what may , is not easy to knock out .
In the 14 months of the healthcare fight , Obama saw his popularity plunge 20 percentage points .
Voters , whipsawed by high unemployment , lost savings and the other ravages of a devastating recession , boiled over in anger at a president seeming obsessed with his own priorities .
From the beginning , GOP strategists saw the healthcare debate as a chance to cripple Obama ’s presidency .
Sen. Jim DeMint ( R - S.C. ) cast the stakes in military terms , predicting that a defeat would be Obama ’s “ Waterloo . ”
In perhaps the White House ’s darkest hour , Obama suffered a stinging rebuke -- and lost the Democrats ’ filibuster - proof Senate majority -- when Massachusetts spurned a last - minute presidential appeal and gave the late Sen.
Edward M. Kennedy ’s seat to a Republican in a special election dominated by healthcare .
Yet if Obama wavered , it was only briefly .
Even some Democrats counseled him to drop the attempt at massive change and settle for smaller healthcare goals .
Although he toyed with the idea at least once , in the end he held fast .
And while he was criticized even within his own party for delegating to Congress the early shaping of the healthcare bill , Obama mobilized in the weeks after Republican Scott Brown won the special election in Massachusetts .
From that day , it was clear that the endgame for Obama would come in the House of Representatives .
He fought with a combination of tactics that played to his strength -- campaigning -- but also required a less - tested skill -- negotiating .
On both fronts , he showed a level of pragmatism that frustrated some of his most liberal and idealistic supporters -- a willingness to trade a perfect bill for a somewhat less ambitious one that could pass .
Exploiting the bully pulpit , he traveled to places like St. Charles , Mo. , and Cleveland , and exhorted rank - and - file supporters with the rhetoric he honed during his 2008 campaign .
He invited both Democrats and Republicans to a televised healthcare “ summit ” -- notable not for any breakthrough accomplishment but for underscoring just how far apart Democrats and Republicans were on the issue .
As late as Saturday , he traveled to Capitol Hill to rally House Democrats .
In between such events , he and his aides tirelessly lobbied fence - sitting members of the House .
Obama bluntly told skeptical members that for his presidency to be strong , he needed them to pass the bill .
Rep. Raul M. Grijalva ( D - Ariz . ) said Obama spoke to members of the House Progressive Caucus and laid out the stakes .
In the audience were Rep. Dennis J. Kucinich ( D - Ohio ) and other liberals who were upset that the bill did not include a “ public option . ”
Obama told the group , “ For us to move on other issues of importance , we ’re going to need a strong presidency .
And if I lose this one it ’s going to be a weakened presidency and it will be very difficult to move on other items , ” Grijalva recounted .
In his personal lobbying , the president showed a knack for finding the right chord .
He persuaded Rep. Dan Maffei ( D - N.Y. ) that the healthcare issue would not be addressed for years to come if this effort collapsed .
And Obama laid on a little flattery and told Maffei , a freshman who was formerly a spokesman for the House Ways and Means Committee , that his commitment to the bill could help win support from other lawmakers .
Maffei agreed on the phone to support the bill .
“ We only have one president at a time , ” Maffei said he told the president .
“ We need you to succeed . ”
Obama thanked him .
Even Sunday was filled with strategizing and phone calls .
Obama popped into an 11 a.m. senior staff meeting in Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel ’s office , and then spent the afternoon making calls to House members and watching the NCAA basketball tournament .
In the late afternoon , he made the decision to take one more chance .
He agreed to issue an executive order declaring that the healthcare measure would not change the existing ban on federal funding for abortions .
That brought over Rep. Bart Stupak ( D - Mich . ) , leader of the last Democratic holdouts , even though the order risked infuriating some of Obama ’s most important supporters .
Looking forward , the question is whether Obama can build on the momentum of his healthcare victory .
As Rep. Brad Sherman ( D - Sherman Oaks ) said Sunday , the obstacles to other legislative goals wo n’t disappear with passage of healthcare .
“ Financial reform is just around the corner .
But it ’s not like the American Bankers Assn. is going to endorse an independent consumer protection agency just because the healthcare bill passes , ” Sherman said .
“ That does n’t mean the immigration bill is going to pass .
“ Everything else is a very heavy lift , ” he said .
peter.nicholas@ latimes.com
Janet Hook in the Washington bureau contributed to this report .
Le site Wikileaks , spécialisé dans la publication anonyme de documents confidentiels , inquiète l'armée américaine , qui a conduit une étude précise de son fonctionnement et donné des recommandations afin d'en limiter l'impact , révèle un document confidentiel ( PDF ) daté de 2008 et rendu public ... par Wikileaks .
Le document de 32 pages , élaboré par le service de contre - espionnage de l'armée américaine , examine le fonctionnement du site , créé par des journalistes , des militants de la liberté d'expression et des dissidents chinois .
Il se penche sur la manière dont les documents sont publiés sur le site et transmis à ses administrateurs , le type de documents révélés et leur degré de crédibilité .
Il examine également en détail plusieurs documents publiés par le site et présentés comme des " fuites " de l'armée américaine .
Conclusion des services de contre - espionnage : Wikileaks représente " une menace potentielle " pour l'armée , non seulement parce que les documents qu'il publie peuvent révéler des informations à des services de renseignement étrangers , mais aussi parce que le site pourrait être manipulé par des Etats ou groupes à des fins de propagande ou de dénigrement .
L'étude des documents publiés sur le site " ne permet pas d'écarter la possibilité que des employés ou des taupes au sein du département de la défense ou dans d'autres services gouvernementaux fournissent des informations à Wikileaks " , jugent les auteurs du rapport .
Toutefois , " les affirmations de Wikileaks sur l'existence d'anciens employés du gouvernement parmi les sources du site est douteuse , puisque l'un des buts principaux du site est le total anonymat garanti aux personnes qui lui fournissent des documents " .
Le contre - espionnage américain recommande donc aux militaires de travailler à décrédibiliser Wikileaks pour réduire les risques en menant la chasse aux informateurs .
" Les sites comme Wikileaks.org utilisent la confiance comme centre de gravité , en protégeant l'anonymat des personnes qui leur fournissent les documents .
L'identification de ces taupes , le fait de dévoiler leur identité , de les renvoyer , de les poursuivre en justice pourrait détruire ce centre de gravité et inciter les personnes qui envisagent de fournir des informations à Wikileaks.org à ne pas le faire " , préconise le rapport .
Ces recommandations datant de 2008 n'ont , pour l'instant , pas eu de conséquences majeures .
Des documents confidentiels de l'armée américaine et d'autres organismes – comme une liste des adhérents au parti d'extrême droite anglais BNP – ont continué à être publiés sans que leur source soit identifiée .
La principale menace sur l'avenir de Wikileaks semble aujourd ' hui être d'ordre financier : le site , qui nécessite d'importants moyens informatiques pour fonctionner , est au bord de la faillite .
Financé par les dons des particuliers et des ONG , il n'a pour l'instant levé que 360 000 dollars ( 263 000 euros ) sur les 600 000 dont il estime avoir besoin pour fonctionner cette année .
Le Monde
LONDON , England ( CNN ) --
Eight years ago , Gael Garcia Bernal and Diego Luna became global pin-ups for the resurgence in Mexican filmmaking after their memorable breakthrough in coming - of - age road movie " Y tu Mama Tambien . "
" Rudo y Cursi " reunites Luna and Bernal , who became pin-ups for the resurgence in Mexican filmmaking with " Y tu Mama Tambien " in 2001 .
more photos »
Today , Luna and Bernal 's on - screen chemistry has once again grabbed the public 's attention , this time in Mexico , where their latest film " Rudo y Cursi " made box - office history .
It became the fourth highest - grossing film in the country 's history when it was released at the end of 2008 .
" Rudo y Cursi , " approximately translated as Tough and Corny , tells the story of two rural banana farmers who , after being ' spotted ' by a crooked talent scout , gain instant celebrity in the Mexican soccer league playing for opposing teams .
But , mesmerized by women and fast cars and unable to defy their demons , they look on powerless as the dream disintegrates in front of them almost as suddenly as it arrived .
The movie touches on fame , poverty and corruption , but for its makers , it is ultimately a tale of brotherhood .
It was written written and directed by Carlos Cuaron , and is the first release from groundbreaking new production venture Cha Cha Cha films .
Cha Cha Cha was established by Mexico's three leading directors who are also renowned internationally -- Carlos ' brother Alfonso Cuaron ( " Children of Men " ) , Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu ( " Babel " ) and Guillermo del Toro ( " Pan 's Labyrinth " ) .
All three serve as producers on the film .
In pictures : Bernal and Garcia in " Rudo y Cursi " »
" Originally I wanted to make a fake documentary about a footballer from a humble background who made it big and then disappeared mysteriously , " Carlos Cuaron told CNN .
" But I told this idea to Gael [ Garcia Bernal ] and Diego [ Luna ] , and they both said they wanted to play the part .
I had one part and two actors .
So I made up another brother and forgot about the fake documentary . "
Cuaron also cast Bernal and Luna -- best friends since childhood in Mexico City who were so keen to do the film the signed up before they saw a script -- against type and against their wishes .
Both had originally wanted to play the opposite character : Bernal the abrasive Rudo , and Luna the romantic Cursi .
They were eventually dissuaded by Cuaron who said : " I do n't want to make Y Tu Mama Tambien 2 . "
The idea behind Cha Cha Cha films was conceived by Cuaron senior , del Toro and Innaritu when the trio -- a kind of all - stars of Mexican cinema -- found themselves with a surprise 16 nominations and 4 awards at the 2007 Oscars .
The idea came out of a desire to pool their their rising bargaining power and maximize their clout in Hollywood -- and , of course , out of friendship .
The company was " born out of friendship and sibling sympathies , " del Toro told CNN .
When Carlos was originally writing the script , his bother , Alfonso told him thought it was perfect for Cha Cha Cha .
The venture formalizes a working relationship del Toro , Innaritu and Alfonso Cuaron have had for years , but they freely admit they spend little time together .
Rather it is a case of exchanging ideas and honing each other 's writing over the phone and via email from all over the globe .
Del Toro , for example , is currently in New Zealand directing Peter Jackson 's follow - up to his wildly successful " Lord of the Rings " trilogy , " The Hobbit . "
It would appear that the Mexican trio have created an ideal creative environment for themselves , Cha Cha Cha has been criticized for forgetting their Mexican heritage in the rush to embrace Hollywood .
It is not a criticism they take lightly .
Watch Cuaron , Bernal and Garcia talking about " Rudo y Cursi "
" I do n't care about Mexican films , about indie films , about Hollywood films , " says Alfonso .
" Just good or bad movies .
" Yes , it 's great that we have a common background as Mexican creators , but once you are a creator you have a common language with creators from all around the world . "
For del Toro , the company will extend the influence of Mexican cinema not diminish it : " We want to give Mexican cinema , if you want to call it that , the credentials and right to exist in world cinema .
" People do n't think twice when [ Italian filmmaker ]
Bernardo Bertolucci is doing a movie about China called ' The Last Emperor . '
" But in your mind , Latin American filmmakers are only doing Latin American films .
We 're trying to show that it 's important to have roots , but not borders . "
The bittersweet drama has played to big laughs all over Mexico and the U.S. , but for its makers , it is not simply a comedy .
" People talk about this film as if it's a comedy but I question that , " says Alfonso .
" The elements are very dramatic and actually very tragic , and the ending has a very bittersweet tone . "
The Screening Room Bringing you the inside track on all aspects of the movie business around the globe .
See more from the show »
According to del Toro , the movie " says there 's a way to be comfortable with failure , and finding you 're emotionally more satisfied in failing . "
Failure though , is not an issue overly burdening Cha Cha Cha's " three amigos , " -- their second film , " Biutiful , " set in Barcelona , directed by Inarritu and starring Javier Bardem is currently being edited in Spain .
Alfonso told CNN his next movie would be shot in France and Scotland , and would be in French and English , though that too " will be a Cha Cha Cha film . "
Carlos Cuaron is the only one who is unhappy , despite the unprecedented success of his directorial debut .
" For me it 's difficult , " he says .
" Whenever I see the movie , I only see the flaws .
Nobody else sees them . "
" Not even your mother ? " asks Bernal .
" No , not my mother , " says the director .
" She thinks I 'm a genius . "
How many variations are there of the fast - food Mexican restaurant Roberto's ?
Dear Matthew :
How many variations are there of the fast - food Mexican restaurant Roberto's in San Diego County ?
I 've seen Royberto's and Humberto's , to name a couple .
Is there any relation between the various mutations ?
-- Paul Harris , Clairemont
We 're not quitters here , but when we organized the ' Berto 's Task Force , we had no idea what was in store .
We now have a bunch of elves laid up with hyperguacamolemia .
They seem a little better after Grandma Alice put them to bed and fanned them with quesadillas .
But anyway , as promised , here 's our Big ' Berto 's Data Base , with rolled - taco review .
Baby ' Berto's :
They 're a slippery bunch , but by our best count , San Diego County currently has 15 versions of the name , with a total of 123 outlets .
The 15 ' Berto 's are Ro- , Al- , Ali- , Fili- , Ai- , Gual- , Jil- , Hil- , Adal- , Roy- , Ram- , Ham- , Hum- , Ru- , and Rol- .
The mamas and the papas of the genre are Ro- and Al- , of course , with 43 and 20 outlets respectively .
La Jolla and San Marcos are the only major centers without an active ' Berto's .
Rolling Taco Revue :
Here we learn that the rolled taco is the gringo of Mexican food .
Just try placing your order boldly and with pride when all about you are eating the real stuff -- tripe tacos , cabeza tacos , menudo .
You expect somebody to come out from the back and ask to see your papers .
Anyway , purists that we are , we begin sampling them neat .
Wrong .
The plain rolled taco is the Anti-Food .
Gustatorially invisible .
A rolled taco is simply an awkward , tubular platform for condiments .
We rated 'em on the following scale : crispness , toppings , the 30 - minute guacamole test , and latent - grease factor .
Going in , we assumed that all rolled tacos begin life in some central kitchen and are shuttled to the hinterlands , frozen in large bags .
We were n't too far wrong .
The difference among rolled tacos , countywide , is so small , we could hardly draw a distinction .
They live or die by their guacamole .
Filiberto's has the flavorful , lumpy kind of guacamole , and they did so well on the 30 - minute and latent - grease tests that we had to give them the prize .
The 30 - minute test is how well the taco holds up after sitting under a blanket of guacamole for half an hour .
Is it hard and dry ?
Mushy ?
Nicely al dente ?
The latent - grease measurement is how much frying oil seeps out after half an hour , assuring moistness and flavor for those of you who order take - out .
We , ourselves , would never order take - out Mexican .
It does n't travel well .
There are six Filiberto's locally ; we went to Linda Vista .
Filiberto's only demerit was for using yellow cheese only , without the added tang of the white queso añejo .
They made up for this with free cilantro and chopped onion .
So that 's how we see it .
If you disagree -- well , we figured you would .
We do n't care .
We also do n't care that some of the chain 's owners had some embarrassing tax problems here in 1994 .
And that they were just slammed with a $ 1.3 million fine for employing 200 aliens without green cards in their 15 Phoenix - area shops and for fiddling with the books .
Natural History of the Rolled Taco : Fill in the blank .
" San Pedro de Macoris , Dominican Republic , is to baseball as ( what city ) is to fast - food burritos ? "
Answer : Santo Domingo , San Luis Potosí , Mexico .
That 's the home town of Roberto Robledo , founder of Roberto 's Taco Shops .
Later , the Robledos ' cousins , the Rodriguez family , arrived and eventually founded the Alberto 's chain .
( There was no " Alberto " of Alberto's . )
After that , well , chaos and confusion .
Consider Roberto's on Poway Road .
The sign on the window says El Roberto .
Get inside and everybody 's wearing Rolberto 's caps .
Taco shops come and go and change names with regularity .
The phone book will never keep up .
Some taco - shop owners have several outlets , and not necessarily with the same names .
' Berto 's de los Muertos : Definitely existed but do n't anymore : Noberto's , Gilberto's , Elberto's , Jiliberto's , Reybertos ( now Royberto's ) .
Rumored to have existed but remain unconfirmed : Solberto's , Juanberto's , Anaberto's , Alaberto's , Rigoberto's .
We also could n't confirm the existence of the following ringers found on a 1994 sdnet.eats newsgroup compilation .
We suspect they 're wiseguy jokes or really dumb mistakes : Abierto's ( abierto is Spanish for " open , " like on a taco - shop sign ) ; Chuckberto's in La Jolla ( Chuck 's Steak House used to be in La Jolla ) ; Ailiberto's ( Aiberto 's merged with Aliberto's ?
Ay - yi - yi ) .
Names Alicelanders submitted to try to fool us : Eseberto's ; Vatoberto's ; For - Here - or - to - Go - To's .
Rolled Credits :
We must acknowledge help from former San Diegan Bob Kitzberger , with updates by still - San Diegan Steve Lamont , in the form of the ' Berto 's list compiled by the Internet newsgroup sdnet.eats .
Thanks also to photographer Michael - Leonard Creditor .
Creditor has put together a slide show of pics of local ' Berto 's signs , with narration and original poetry .
The show can be booked for wedding receptions and quinceañeras .
A Bevy of Berto's
Thanks to Philip Salomone of San Diego for entry - number 18 in our taco - shop fiesta : Loberto's .
One of their two outlets is at 28th and Main , across the street from the shipyards .
Number 19 is Eriberto's ( Vista and O'side ) .
And add Solberto's to the used - to - exist list .
So if you are playing the home version of our game , your new list should look like this .
Active ' Berto's ( 19 names , about 130 outlets countywide ) : Adal- , Ai- , Al- , Ali- , Ei- , Eri- , Fili- , Gual- , Ham- , Hil- , Hum- , Jil- , Juan- , Lo- , Ram- , Ro- , Rol- , Roy- , and Ru-. ' Bertos de los Muertos ( used to exist but do n't anymore ) : El- , Gil- , Jili- , No- , Nor- , Rey- ( now Roy - ) , Rigo - , and Sol- .
And in the " Desperately Seeking ' Berto 's " category , we still need a definite location for Floriberto's , Edelberto's , and Rowberto's , rumored to exist somewhere in the county .
Though it does n't qualify for our San Diego County - only list , this name 's too good to ignore : Alerto's , a chain in Orange County .
-->
“ The recession we ’re emerging from was primarily caused by a lack of responsibility and accountability from Wall Street to Washington , ” Mr. Obama said , adding , “ That ’s why I made passage of Wall Street reform one of my top priorities as president , so that a crisis like this does not happen again . ”
Image Senator Christopher Dodd with fellow Democrats after the Senate voted to pass a financial regulation reform bill in a 59 - 39 vote .
Credit ... Mark Wilson / Getty Images
The president also signaled that he would take a strong hand in developing the final bill , which could mean changes to the restrictive derivatives provisions the Senate measure includes and Wall Street opposes .
It is also likely that the administration will try to remove an exemption in the House bill that would shield auto dealers from oversight by a new consumer protection agency .
Earlier , Mr. Obama had criticized the provision as a “ special loophole ” that would hurt car buyers .
As the Senate neared a final vote , Senator Sam Brownback , Republican of Kansas , withdrew an amendment to put a similar exemption for auto dealers into the Senate bill .
Mr. Brownback ’s move had the effect of killing an amendment by Senators Jeff Merkley , Democrat of Oregon , and Carl Levin , Democrat of Michigan , to tighten language barring banks from proprietary trading , or playing the markets with their own money — a restriction generally known as the Volcker rule for the former Fed chairman Paul A. Volcker , who proposed the idea .
Congressional Republican leaders , adopting an election - year strategy of opposing initiatives supported by the Obama administration , voiced loud criticism of the legislation while trying to insist that they still wanted tougher policing of Wall Street .
But while Republicans criticized the bill in mostly political terms , arguing that it was an example of Democrats ’ trying to expand the scope of government , some experts have warned that the bill , by focusing too much on the causes of a past crisis , still leaves the financial system vulnerable to a major collapse .
The Senate bill , sponsored primarily by Senator Christopher J. Dodd , Democrat of Connecticut and chairman of the banking committee , would seek to curb abusive lending by creating a powerful Bureau of Consumer Protection within the Federal Reserve to oversee nearly all consumer financial products .
@ Cyberscythe : Yeah , I know this tip is a bit redundant , but folks always seem happy to hear it ( yay ! ) and that previous post was just about form entries .
I was happy to find it works in the Location bar as well .
( Natural News ) Non-Hodgkin lymphomas belong to a large group of immune system cancers involving lymphocytes ( white blood cells ) .
In 2009 , according the National Cancer Institute ( NCI ) about 65,980 Americans were diagnosed with this form of cancer and almost 20,000 died from the disease .
But now scientists at the Mayo Comprehensive Cancer Center in Minnesota think they 've found a way to prevent a huge number of these malignancies .
The key is a nutrient found in many leafy , green vegetables -- vitamin K.
For their study , the first ever to investigate vitamin K and non-Hodgkin lymphoma risk , the Mayo researchers enrolled 603 patients who were newly diagnosed with non-Hodgkin lymphoma as well as 1,007 matched cancer - free research subjects who served as controls .
The participants answered a food questionnaire about their usual intake of over 120 food items during the two years before they were diagnosed with cancer or they enrolled in the study as a member of the cancer - free control group .
They were also asked about their use of vitamin and mineral supplements .
The findings of the study , which were recently announced in Washington , D.C. , at the 101st Annual Meeting of the American Association for Cancer Research ( AACR ) , showed that the risk of developing non-Hodgkin lymphoma was slashed dramatically -- by 45 percent -- for the study participants who had the highest vitamin K levels compared to participants with the lowest levels of the vitamin .
This association remained even after the Mayo research team investigated factors such as age , sex , education , obesity , smoking , alcohol use and consumption of foods with high amounts of antioxidants .
Vitamin K is a fat - soluble vitamin found in certain plants or formed by bacterial synthesis .
The Mayo study involved intake of the plant form of vitamin K from diet and / or supplement use .
The most common food sources of vitamin K include leaf lettuce and spinach , with smaller amounts found in other vegetables such as onions , bell peppers , asparagus and alfalfa sprouts and some fruits , including strawberries .
Consuming a lot of vitamin K was associated with a lower risk of non-Hodgkin lymphoma whether the vitamin came from natural food sources or from supplements .
However , very high intakes of vitamin K from supplements did not cause a further reduction in risk .
" These results are provocative , since they are the first work we have done on the connection between vitamin K and non-Hodgkin lymphoma , and this is a fairly strong protective effect , " the study 's lead investigator , cancer epidemiologist James Cerhan , M.D. , Ph.D. , said in a media statement .
" Whether the protective effect we observed is due to vitamin K intake , or some other dietary or lifestyle exposure , cannot be definitely assessed in this study Well - known as essential for blood clotting ( the name of the vitamin is derived from the German word " Koagulations " ) , vitamin K has also been found in recent years to be important for other functions in the body , including putting a damper on inflammation and regulating cell growth -- and this might explain its apparent ability to protect from non-Hodgkin lymphoma .
Homemade bandsaw
Click play below to play all the videos about my homemade bandsaw 1
Last few weeks I was working on update of perl to the latest stable version .
I was using release candidates and prepare rebuild of all modules .
This time was rebuild quite painful , because some things were deprecated .
Perl changed way of releasing new versions and now will be every spring released new stable version and during the year will be released bug fixes version .
I believe this helps maintainers and also perl .
Some things will be deprecated and new features will be added , therefore it should help perl to keep up with other languages .
I 've started mass rebuild of perl modules in my own test buildroot .
I did n't find any script in fedora - packager for it , which surprised me a lot .
For a next update I have to write something more sofisticated , which can handle dependencies at least for perl .
This time was used only rpmdev-bumpspec , which can update spec file with defined strings .
Next surprise was that chain build does n't work at all .
Anyway in many cases was needed fix specfile manually , or update version or apply patch , so chain builds can't help much .
The most common issues were ( and still are ) : - missing Class : : ISA which has been deprecated .
That was easy to fix by creating rpm .
Perl is printing out that deprecated module is used , so it 's at least easy to find out what 's the problem .- test t/99 _pmv.t which is checking version is broken at the moment .
The problem is somewhere in Perl : : MinimumVersion and maybe perl( version ) which can't handle new release number .
But that 's also easy to fix for the meantime by removing this particular test from build .- some other modules are using deprecated syntax ( e.g defined with hash % ) .
There are some other strange warnings , but these probably will disappear after fixing major dependency .
At the momentI found some that can't be fixed because they are old , unmaintained , but I wait with final list after I succeed with most of the easy ones .
One of the complicated is Regexp : : Copy as Ian Arnell spotted .
It can't handle regexps with 5.12 , which means we have to left it out .
So that 's one module which can't make it .
Hopefully not many ends up the same .
The ordinance signed on April 30 caps a four - year effort by the city to address the proliferation of pot parlors , which the Los Angeles Police Department said led to an increase in crime .
The ordinance , approved by the City Council in January , caps the number of dispensaries at 70 , while letting 116 that registered with the city before Nov. 13 , 2007 , stay in business .
Operators of the other dispensaries will receive letters this week telling them to close , according to Frank Mateljan , a spokesman for the city attorney ’s office .
The remaining operators will be required to pay registration fees of $ 1,595 annually , Mateljan said .
Employees will be subject to background checks and facilities subject to city inspection .
The ordinance also requires the dispensaries be located at least 1,000 feet from places such as schools , parks and child - care facilities .
A proposition on the statewide ballot in November would allow anyone over the age of 21 to possess , cultivate or transport marijuana for personal use .
It would also permit local governments to tax marijuana production and sales , an estimated $ 15 billion a year business in California .
Editors : Rob Golum , Anthony Palazzo .
Source : Bloomberg.com ( USA )
Author : Christopher Palmeri
Published : May 3 , 2010
Copyright : 2010 Bloomberg L.P .
Contact : cpalmeri1@bloomberg.net
Website : http://www.bloomberg.com/
URL : http://drugsense.org/url/HQWQKTxp
CannabisNews Medical Marijuana Archives
http://cannabisnews.com/news/list/medical.shtml
1974 : Teenagers die in Israeli school attack
Sixteen teenagers have died along with three Palestinians holding them hostage at an Israeli school .
Up to seven children were injured , nine critically , after Israeli troops stormed the building in an attempt to free the youngsters in Ma'alot , five miles ( eight kilometres ) from the Lebanese border .
As the troops entered the school the teenagers were reportedly attacked with hand grenades by the Palestinians .
An Israeli soldier is also believed to have died in the gun battle that followed .
Smoke could be seen pouring out of the windows as the Israeli soldiers threw out furniture which they feared was booby - trapped .
Gang stormed school
It is thought that around 100 pupils aged between 14 and 16 were in the school when the Palestinians stormed it in the early hours of this morning as the teenagers slept .
Fifteen people , children and teachers , managed to escape .
A teenage boy was later sent out with a list of prisoners the hostage - takers wanted released in Israel .
The Knesset , the Israeli parliament , met in an emergency session , and by 1500 local time a decision was reached to negotiate .
The Israeli government talked to the hostage - takers , via a loudhailer , and had agreed to release 26 political prisoners held in Israel .
It appears that the deal to free the Israeli children broke down when the Palestinians inside the school failed to receive a code word they were waiting for from their organisation in Damascus .
The Popular Democratic Front for the Liberation of Palestine said it carried out the attack .
School faced bomb threat
Israeli Prime Minister Golda Meir told reporters in Jerusalem that her government had been talking to the hostage - takers but had not been given enough time to complete preparations to free prisoners .
Mrs Meir described the group believed to be behind the attack as " an organisation of blood and murder " .
Israel 's Minister for Information , Shimon Perez , said the decision to storm the school had been taken at the last minute because it was feared the gang would blow it up with the children inside by an 1800 local time deadline .
Can We Feed The World of 2050 ? : Can We Feed The World of 2050 ?
Ali ManionJennifer McMillonPeter Muehmel
What Do We Eat Now ? : What Do We Eat Now ?
FAO estimates there is enough food calories produced to feed 12 Billion people right now .
So are we all fed …..?
Global Hunger : Global Hunger
Population Growth : Population Growth Current Statistics : 2010 : 6.817 billion people Population Estimates : 2012 : 7 Billion People2050 : 9.2-11 Billion People +74 million people per year currently
But Where Is This Growth Occurring ? : But Where Is This Growth Occurring ?
Currently : 5.3 billion people live in underdeveloped countries Projected 2050 : 7.8 billion
Upcoming Issues : Upcoming Issues
Can we feed the world of 2050 ? :
Can we feed the world of 2050 ?
Rand Paul camp cancels
Meet the Press because " he 's had a long week "
Betsy Fischer , the executive producer of Meet the Press , just Tweeted that Rand Paul is trying to cancel his appearance on the show this Sunday .
I just reached Fischer , and she tells me Paul 's camp asked to cancel because " he 's had a long week . "
" He committed to coming on on Wednesday , " Fischer tells me .
" We got an email from his press secretary this afternoon saying that he wanted to cancel . "
Fischer adds that the Meet crew asked to talk directly to Paul himself to ask him to reconsider , but he has yet to call back .
" We 're still waiting , " she says .
Asked what reason the Paul camp gave for canceling , Fischer says the Meet crew was told " that he 's had a long week , he 's tired , and he 's very sorry and he needs to cancel . "
" We tried to impress upon them that this is a big deal , " Fischer continues .
" The only other two people to cancel have been Louis Farrakhan and Prince Bandar of Saudi Arabia . "
" Obviously they 've had a tough week -- we all know that , " Fischer says of the Paul camp .
" I hope he 'll reconsider and keep his commitment . "
This story has been corrected .
Read below
With 27 World Series championships , baseball 's highest payroll and some of the most boastful fans in sports , the New York Yankees have to be the team other baseball fans love to hate , right ?
Wrong .
According to a formula created by The Nielsen Company , The Wall Street Journal reported four other teams are more detested .
Slider and the Cleveland Indians fans have n't had much to cheer about early .
Joe Robbins / Getty Images
But that report may have misinterpreted the results of the study , Aaron Lewis , a Communications Director at Nielsen , told the New York Daily News .
The computer - generated rankings , Lewis said , were intended to determine " the correlation between positive and negative feelings generated by each team based on their starts to this season . "
They were n't an indication of which team is " most - loved or most - hated . "
The computer - generated program searched for positive and negative keywords in message boards and blogs to determine sentiment about baseball teams .
According to Nielsen 's website , " Positive scores indicate positive - leaning discussion and negative results indicate negative - leaning discussion . "
With the rankings index ranging from minus - 5 to 5 six clubs scored below a 2 , including the Yankees .
The Indians were at 0.9 , Red Sox 1.1 , Reds 1.5 and Astros and Yankees 1.8 .
San Francisco and Oakland are ranked first and second .
Houston and Los Angeles , who have struggled , have gone down in the rankings since spring training , Lewis said .
In an April 29 story on ESPN.com , a Wall Street Journal story was cited saying the Yankees are not the most hated major league team .
The WSJ report failed to mention that the study they cited gauged fan reaction to this season only , not all time .
By Chris Wright
Smooth as silk .
JT ’s reaction is priceless !
Not his first beer of the day me - thinks !
( IMAGE : From Carl 's ' 60s Malaysian vinyl collection , the cover for " Tonic Chop Gajah , " an album of rockin ' promotional songs about the benefits of Standard Sasparilla Tonic , a local Malaysian beverage )
My crate - digging brother Carl , aka DJ Carlito , has been collecting Malaysian psychedelic pop vinyl from the 1960s for more than a decade .
He buys ' 45s one or two at a time from eBay sellers in Kuala Lumpur and Singapore .
You could say he 's obsessed .
He has worked to track down the original recording artists in Malaysia to learn more about their lives , their work , and see if it 's possible to archive and reissue some of their music .
He wants new audiences to discover their supremely groovy vintage mutant jams , and see if there 's a way to move some support their way in the process .
With all of that in mind , Carl has launched a Kickstarter Project that you can contribute funds to if you are so inclined :
One goal of this project is to release a compilation of some of the most beautiful , soul - stirring music I have ever heard : vintage Malaysian pop from the 60s and 70s .
This genre is also often known as Pop Yeh Yeh , a reference to the Beatles lyric " She Loves you ( Yeah , Yeah , Yeah ) . "
But what I must do first is find a way to license this music , and the only way to do that is to track down the original artists .
So , the other main project goal is to interview the artists ( several of whom I already have found contacts and addresses for !! ) and others who I 'll surely find while i'm there , to share their stories and memories with the world — for use on my radio show , as well as a possible future DVD documentary ( from video I 'd like to shoot while I 'm there ) .
I 'm a DJ on the radio , and in clubs here in the US and Ive learned a lot over the years from researching so many obscure artists .
I 've also become pretty skilled in finding the rare gems in a stack of old vinyl .
I know I 've got some gems in this stack of old Malaysian ' 45s .
• Carl 's Kickstarter project link : MALAYSIAN 60s POP RESEARCH TRIP to meet w Artists , request Licensing & Interview them
• Carl 's project pitch video on YouTube : here 's his Kickstarter video on YouTube .
• Got other advice or ideas ?
Share them in the comments , or contact him here .
IMAGE GALLERY and VIDEOS from his extensive Malaysian psychedelia collection after the jump .
A MALAYSIAN PSYCHEDELIA PRIMER FROM DJ CARLITO
Carl says , " Not all of these YouTube videos I 've selected here are Pop Yeh Yeh .
I have included some other Singaporean and Malaysian Pop styles , but these are all " classic artists " and many of them sang " pop yeh yeh " music at one time in the region .
• Video shown above in this blog post was P Ramlee , performing Bunyi Gitar ( " Playing Guitar " ) .
An early , western - influenced song by the late great legendary film director , actor and song composer .
This song paved the way for the whole Pop Yeh Yeh genre : a rock , surf , soul , " a - go - go " sound that exploded in Singapore and Malaysia in the 60s and continued into the early 70s .
• Saloma ( P Ramlee 's wife – also an actress ) : Bulan Bintang Jadi Saksi .
• Here are a few clips from the incredible film A Go Go 67 .
I would love to see this film in its entirety , but all I 've seen are these clips from Suria TV channel broadcast ( Singapore TV ) .
First , The Rythmn [ sic ]
Boys featuring S. Mariam in A - Go - Go 67 ( note the spelling of " Rhythmn " — was always like that on their records so they meant to do that ) .
Here is S. Mariam 30 - 40 years later : Hilang Kekasih .
The Mods with singer Wan Intan , performing Penyakit Cinta .
Siti Zaiton and The Hornets performing the song Alam Seni .
M Ishak and The Young Lovers in the film A - Go - Go - 67 , doing the song Menari Go Go .
Sepuloh Budak Hitam by Aziz Jaafar & Puan Sri Saloma .
• Sharifah Ani , who sang in a 70s disco ballad style .
She was also singing in the late 60s .
This style was what came after Pop Yeh Yeh ( Disco killed everything , did n't it ? )
Yang Di Tunggu Tak Tiba
• Footage from a 90s Pop Yeh Yeh " Nostalgia " concert : Roziah Latif doing Cinta Pertama ( you can see the words " Pop Yeh Yeh " on the stage set up front
•
Here 's Zaleha Hamid , a big star in the 60s and 70s .
Zaleha made a comeback with here song Dangdut Bang ( which caused controversy for its suggestive lyrics ) and also Dangdut Reggae .
Here she is doing a more traditional style song – 40 years later still singing .
• This was a big hit : Chinchin Emas , by A Rahman Onn .
A very popular pop yeh yeh artist .
He 's still performing these days , also .
• Adnan Othman — he was sort of a rebel rocker — more freaky psych sounding stuff .
Here is one song , and here 's another version — a newer photo of him — also a better recording .
• M Osman — here 's one great track .
You can see this EP in my Kickstarter pitch video lying on the table to the right .
• And finally for this mix -list , Mi Ishak and the Young Lovers .
A lawsuit that demanded a right for parents to opt their young children out of a " gay " indoctrination program in a California school district was dropped after the district suddenly killed the worst of the curriculum , officials told WND today .
Brad Dacus , president of Pacific Justice Institute , had been working on the case pending against the Alameda Unified School District .
Dacus said the case was filed because parents wanted to uphold a state law allowing them not to have their children participate in health education programs if they choose .
But he said the decision to drop the case was made when the district announced it was canceling " Lesson 9 " of the Caring School Community curriculum , which was adopted by the school board last year .
" We 're very pleased , " he said .
" But we 're calling upon parents all across the country to investigate and find out just what material is being pushed in their school district .
" We 're hoping that this school district learns tolerance is a two way street .
One way tolerance is not tolerance at all .
It 's tyranny , " he said .
After failing in their case against The Pirate Bay , a music copyrights group has announced it will give up trying to get sites blocked and will leave file - sharers alone .
Not forever though .
They will instead put all their efforts into getting the law changed .
The IFPI said yesterday that it wants to bring this same strategy to your country soon .
The last decade has thrown up a number of complex David and Goliath - style copyright battles between large corporations and various file - sharing sites , services and individuals .
Largely the effort has been to convince the courts that current laws are applicable to the cases in question , from the shutting down of Napster in 2001 through to the most recent criminal case in Sweden involving The Pirate Bay .
The utilization of existing law brings quicker results , but only in the short term and at significant expense .
New laws , created and based on the desires of the music industry , are a much better solution for them in the longer term , providing faster routes to site closures and more cost - effective solutions to deal with individuals .
With this in mind , lobbying by the music and movie industries has continued apace , even in countries where existing law still yields results .
For example , in the UK existing copyright law was used effectively against Usenet - indexer Newzbin recently , and it is used regularly to reveal the identities of tens of thousands of alleged file - sharers so they can be pursued for settlements .
But why spend millions suing sites or individuals out of existence ( along with all the bad publicity that brings ) when one can get the government to block them at hugely reduced cost ?
One only has to look at the UK ’s Digital Economy Bill for a clear example where lobbying has been used to massively cut the cost and possibly even the need for future litigation .
Do n’t like a site like Newzbin in the future ?
Forget costly injunctions .
Write a couple of letters to the right people and it ’ll be blocked .
Do n’t like The Pirate Bay or Rapidshare ?
Same applies .
Sometimes , however , current law simply is n’t up to the requirements of the mainstream entertainment industries at all and yields zero results .
The IFPI and music rights outfit TONO discovered this recently after their second attempt at forcing the ISP Telenor to block The Pirate Bay ended in failure .
They could have taken the case on to the Supreme Court but clearly they know the law is n’t on their side and have announced they have given up on the current legal action .
“ We have no plans to try more file sharing cases in court before we are confident that we have a basis in Norwegian law , ” said TONO ’s Cato Power this week .
TONO have n’t given up on lobbying though .
If the law is no good , they say , it ’s time to get it changed , and that could be soon .
Norway ’s Ministry of Culture is gathering together a group including the Norwegian Publishers Association , the Consumer Council , Gramo ( music rights group ) , and ISPs Telenor and NextGenTel .
Their job will be to provide solutions to restrict illicit file - sharing and encourage an increased usage of legal services by June 1st 2010 .
Of course , TONO will take the opportunity to champion a 3 strikes - style solution similar to that present in the heavily lobbied - for Hadopi law currently lying in wait in France , or the newly - passed Digital Economy Bill in the UK .
Furthermore , all the signs are that in the coming years the music industry will maintain its aggressive lobbying until it gets this type of mechanism implemented in all its major markets .
“ The passing of the Digital Economy Act in the UK recognises that if a country is to have world - class creative industries , then it also needs laws that will effectively protect their rights from the crippling problem of digital piracy , ” said IFPI chairman John Kennedy yesterday .
“ The move by the UK creates momentum for the graduated response approach to tackling piracy internationally , ” he noted , adding , “ We hope this will prompt more focus and urgency for similar measures in other countries where debate is underway . ”
For those readers who are still unsure what “ similar measures ” are – site blocking , warning letters sent to file - sharers and if they do n’t work , Internet disconnections .
New laws coming to you soon .
Cryptococcus gattii is an airborne fungus usually found in the tropics .
But researchers announced today that new , deadly strains are thriving in Oregon , and spreading .
These strains kill 25 % of people who come into contact with them .
Advertisement
A paper published this afternoon in PLoS Pathogens offers details on the new strain of C. gattii , and how it came to the Pacific Northwest .
After several local animals died from exposure to the airborne fungus , researchers realized that this was n't an imported problem - the animals had lived their whole lives in Oregon , so they could n't have been exposed in the tropics .
There must be a local version of the toxic fungus .
They gathered a sample and examined its genome , only to discover that this was a new strain of an already - virulent lifeform .
They dubbed these strains VGII .
Said researcher Edmond Byrnes III :
This novel fungus is worrisome because it appears to be a threat to otherwise healthy people .
Typically , we more often see this fungal disease associated with transplant recipients and HIV - infected patients , but that is not what we are seeing yet .
Advertisement
How did a tropical toxin wind up in Oregon ?
The researchers believe climate change may have something to do with it .
Plus , these new strains are probably better adapted to the region .
They likely evolved from an outbreak of C. gattii in British Columbia in 1999 .
The fungus then spread to Washington and Oregon .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
They write :
The mortality rate for recent C. gattii cases in the Pacific Northwest is running at approximately 25 percent , or 5 out of 21 cases analyzed in the United States , compared to a mortality rate of 8.7 percent of 218 cases in British Columbia , Canada . . .
Symptoms can appear two to several months after exposure , and while most people never develop symptoms , those infected may have a cough lasting weeks , sharp chest pain , shortness of breath , headache ( related to meningitis ) , fever , nighttime sweats and weight loss .
In animals the symptoms are a runny nose , breathing problems , nervous system problems and raised bumps under the skin .
While C. gattii can be treated , it can not be prevented ; there is no vaccine .
Advertisement
One of the lingering questions the researchers were left with was whether the fungus is becoming more virulent as it spreads .
The answer hinges in part on how the fungi reproduce ( since fungi can do it in a number of ways ) .
It looks as if the new strains of C. gattii are getting it on with opposite sex and same sex partners .
These matings appear to result in spores that are even more deadly to living creatures .
If C. gattii keeps having sex and spreading , its next victims will mostly likely be in Northern California , where the weather is very similar to Oregon .
It 's unlikely to expand eastward , due to the freezing winters .
Advertisement
via PLoS Pathogens
[ click to enlarge this diagram of virulence in the different strains ]
The ( expletive ) Justin Halpern ’s dad says is hilarious - hilarious enough to warrant more than 1.3 million followers on Twitter , a book and a sitcom that will debut on CBS next season .
Halpern ’s bio on his Twitter page says it all : " I 'm 29 .
I live with my 74 - year - old dad .
He is awesome .
I just write down ( expletive ) that he says . "
Halpern ’s dad ’s poetic and wildly inappropriate quips inspired the sitcom " $#*! My Dad Says " ( another title option was " Bleep My Dad Says " ) , about a struggling writer and his outspoken father , to be played by William Shatner .
The sitcom will be filmed as " an old - fashioned , multicamera , studio audience comedy " like CBS ’s " Two and a Half Men " and " The Big Bang Theory , " according to The New York Times .
Some of Halpern ’s dad ’s funniest witticisms ( that do n’t require a parental advisory warning ) include :
" I did n't say you were ugly .
I said your girlfriend is better looking than you , and standing next to her , you look ugly . "
" Pressure ?
Get married when you want .
Your wedding 's just one more day in my life I can't wear sweat pants . "
" We 're out of Grape Nuts ...
No , what 's left is for me .
Sorry , I should have said ' You 're out of Grape Nuts . ' "
Will you watch " $#*! My Dad Says " on CBS ?
The LG Report Interviews Becky of " Steam Me Up Kid " Fame !
Today ,
The LG Report has the pleasure of catching up with Becky , author of the rollicking ( and sometimes ribald ) blog Steam Me Up Kid . ...
September 11 , 2001 - A Remembrance
It 's hard to believe that nine years have passed since that horrific day in September of 2001 .
Nine years .
In a way , it seems like it oc ...
The World 's Best Cheesecake Recipe !
My girlfriend and I played miniature golf recently .
We have a bit of a " spirited " rivalry ( read : bitter ) going , and neither of us ...
The People of Walmart Invade Again LG is dusting off another stack of photos of illustrious Walmart patrons .
Let 's have at it :
This is the latest style in Asia : A com ...
HaL5 - Haskell in Leipzig , zum Fünften Tutorien , Workshop , Party Das traditionsreiche HaL - Treffen bietet eine gute Mischung von Haskell - bezogenen Themen aus Forschung , Anwendung und Lehre mit vielen Möglichkeiten zu Diskussion und Unterhaltung bei der anschließenden Party .
Der Workshop wird ergänzt durch Hands - On und Tutorien für Haskell - Ein- und Umsteiger .
Diesmal findet das Treffen im Leipziger Mediencampus statt .
Datum : Freitag , den 4 . Juni 2010 Ort und Anfahrt : Leipzig , mediencampus - villa-ida.de / anfahrt Ablauf : ( T ) vormittags parallel Tutorien und Lambda - Camp ( Open - Space - Meeting / Barcamp )
( W ) nachmittags Workshop ( Fachvorträge ) inkl .
Hands-On
( P ) abends Grillparty mit Musik ( analoge und digitale Klangsynthese )
Während der gesamten Zeit gibt es Gelegenheit ( Strom , WLAN , Kaffee ) zum spontanen Diskutieren und Hacken .
Anmeldung Wir bitten um eine Vorabanmeldung unter nfa.imn.htwk-leipzig.de/hal5 .
Bei der Anmeldung bitte gewünschte Tutorien angeben .
Genauere Planung der Tutorien erfolgt nach Auszählung .
Kosten ( Tageskasse ) Preise bei Vorabanmeldung bis zum 31 .
Mai 2010
Student : T 5 EUR , W 5 EUR , P 10 EUR ,
berufstätig : T 10 EUR , W 10 EUR , P 10 EUR .
Anmeldungen sind auch am 4 . Juni 2010 vor
Ort möglich .
Aufgrund des erhöhten Organisationsaufwandes müssen wir in diesen Fall einen Zusatzbeitrag in Höhe von einmalig 5 EUR erheben .
Programm Erstmals haben wir bei HaL4 Tutorien angeboten , um Interessierten einen Einblick in die für viele Programmierer ungewohnte funktionale Programmierung zu geben .
Da die Tutorien besser angenommen wurden , als wir erwarteten , soll es sie auch diesmal wieder geben und wir räumen ihnen noch mehr Zeit ein !
Außerdem wollen wir dem gepflegten Fachsimpeln mit dem erstmalig abgehaltenen Lambda - Camp eine eigene Plattform bieten .
Vorbereitung Tutorium 09:00 Anmeldung ( für Installation / Tutorium )
09:30 Installation / VirtualBox Image Tutorium parallel Lambda - Camp 10:00 Tutorium 1 : Tutorial : Die Leksah IDE benutzen , Jürgen Nicklisch - Franken ( 75min )
Die IDE kennenlernen , Cabal Pakete und Workspaces , der Modulbrowser , Compiler , Interpreter und Debugger , Leksah anpassen
Die IDE kennenlernen , Cabal Pakete und Workspaces , der Modulbrowser , Compiler , Interpreter und Debugger , Leksah anpassen 11:15 Kaffee - Pause
11:30 Tutorium 2 : Parsec oder Fkt. Höh .
Ord oder HXT / Arrows ( 75min )
Map / Fold :
Oft trennt man Daten ( Objekte ) und Funktionen ( Methoden ) .
Im funktionalen Programmieren werden jedoch Funktionen als Daten behandelt .
Damit können Funktionen auch Resultate und Argumente anderer Funktionen sein .
Typische Beispiele sind map und fold ( reduce ) .
Solche Funktionen höherer Ordnung sind flexibel ( wieder - ) verwendbare Softwarekomponenten .
In funktionalen Sprachen kann man damit ganz natürlich umgehen - während in rein objektorientierten Sprachen eine barocke Umschreibung durch sog .
Entwurfsmuster erforderlich ist .
Im Tutorium benutzen und programmieren wir Funktionen höherer Ordnung auf Listen und Bäumen .
Parsec / Monaden :
Parsec ist eine in Haskell eingebettete domainspezifische Sprache für die Beschreibung von Parsern .
Sie besteht aus elementaren Parsern ( zum Lesen von Zeichen ) und Parser - Kombinatoren ( für Verzweigung , Nacheinanderausführung und Wiederholung ) .
Die Nacheinanderausführung ist eine Monaden - Operation .
Im Tutorium schreiben wir einfache , aber realistische Parser und lernen dadurch das Rechnen mit Monaden .
HXT / Arrows , Uwe Schmidt :
HXT ist eine in Haskell eingebettete domainenspezifische Sprache ( DSL ) zur Verarbeitung von XML - Dokumenten .
Diese Sprache ist mit Hilfe von Arrows formuliert .
Arrows sind Verallgemeinerungen von Funktionen .
Ähnlich wie bei Monaden können mit Arrows Berechnungen mit Seiteneffekten in einer Form formuliert werden , so dass die zusätzlichen Effekte gekapselt und vor der Anwendung versteckt werden .
Im Tutorium werden das Sprachmodell und die wichtigsten elementaren Operationen und Kombinatoren der XML - DSL vorgestellt .
Mit diesen Bausteinen werden kleine aber realistische und nützliche Funktionen entwickelt , zum Beispiel zur XPath - ähnlichen Selektion von Dokumententeilen und zur Generierung und Transformation von XML - Dokumenten .
Voraussetzung : Grundkenntnisse über Funktionen und die Kombination von Funktionen , Typklassen und Monaden .
Oft trennt man Daten ( Objekte ) und Funktionen ( Methoden ) .
Im funktionalen Programmieren werden jedoch Funktionen als Daten behandelt .
Damit können Funktionen auch Resultate und Argumente anderer Funktionen sein .
Typische Beispiele sind map und fold ( reduce ) .
Solche Funktionen höherer Ordnung sind flexibel ( wieder - ) verwendbare Softwarekomponenten .
In funktionalen Sprachen kann man damit ganz natürlich umgehen - während in rein objektorientierten Sprachen eine barocke Umschreibung durch sog .
Entwurfsmuster erforderlich ist .
Im Tutorium benutzen und programmieren wir Funktionen höherer Ordnung auf Listen und Bäumen .
Parsec ist eine in Haskell eingebettete domainspezifische Sprache für die Beschreibung von Parsern .
Sie besteht aus elementaren Parsern ( zum Lesen von Zeichen ) und Parser - Kombinatoren ( für Verzweigung , Nacheinanderausführung und Wiederholung ) .
Die Nacheinanderausführung ist eine Monaden - Operation .
Im Tutorium schreiben wir einfache , aber realistische Parser und lernen dadurch das Rechnen mit Monaden .
HXT ist eine in Haskell eingebettete domainenspezifische Sprache ( DSL ) zur Verarbeitung von XML - Dokumenten .
Diese Sprache ist mit Hilfe von Arrows formuliert .
Arrows sind Verallgemeinerungen von Funktionen .
Ähnlich wie bei Monaden können mit Arrows Berechnungen mit Seiteneffekten in einer Form formuliert werden , so dass die zusätzlichen Effekte gekapselt und vor der Anwendung versteckt werden .
Im Tutorium werden das Sprachmodell und die wichtigsten elementaren Operationen und Kombinatoren der XML - DSL vorgestellt .
Mit diesen Bausteinen werden kleine aber realistische und nützliche Funktionen entwickelt , zum Beispiel zur XPath - ähnlichen Selektion von Dokumententeilen und zur Generierung und Transformation von XML - Dokumenten .
Voraussetzung : Grundkenntnisse über Funktionen und die Kombination von Funktionen , Typklassen und Monaden .
10:00 bis Workshop : Lambda - Camp
Beim LambdaCamp organisieren sich spontan Teilnehmer in kleinen Gruppen , um Themen zu bearbeiten , die sie interessieren .
Angefangen von Installationsproblemen und Einsteigersorgen über Softwarearchitekturfragen und Tipps und Tricks im Umgang mit bestimmten Paketen bis zu tiefliegenden theoretischen und philosophischen Problemen oder dem Start neuer Projekte - beim LambdaCamp entscheiden allein die Teilnehmer , worum es geht !
Pause 13:00 Mittagspause für eigene Versorgung ( Liste mit Restaurants in der Nähe liegt aus ) Workshop + Hands - On 15:00 Vortrag 1 : Das Haskell Web - Framework Hawk , Björn Peemöller
Das Web - Famework
Hawk ist von der Architektur und Funktionalität vergleichbar mit Ruby on Rails .
Es folgt ebenfalls dem MVC - Muster .
Hawk enthält einen einfachen OR - Mapper und ein auf validem XHTML basierendes Template - System .
Das Template - System ist typsicher .
Die Typen der von der Anwendung einzufügenden Werte werden statisch gegen die Templates überprüft .
Hawk ist vollständig in Haskell implementiert .
Neuere Sprachenwicklungen , wie Typ - Familien und Template - Haskell werden in der Implementierung von Hawk genutzt .
Das Web - Famework
Hawk ist von der Architektur und Funktionalität vergleichbar mit Ruby on Rails .
Es folgt ebenfalls dem MVC - Muster .
Hawk enthält einen einfachen OR - Mapper und ein auf validem XHTML basierendes Template - System .
Das Template - System ist typsicher .
Die Typen der von der Anwendung einzufügenden Werte werden statisch gegen die Templates überprüft .
Hawk ist vollständig in Haskell implementiert .
Neuere Sprachenwicklungen , wie Typ - Familien und Template - Haskell werden in der Implementierung von Hawk genutzt .
15:45 Vortrag 2 : Dependent Types mit Agda , Wolfgang Jeltsch
Mit abhängigen Typen ( dependent types ) können nicht nur Typen , sondern auch Werte als Parameter von Typen fungieren .
Dadurch kann man z.B. die Längen von Listen in deren Typen angeben .
Damit wird es möglich , fehlerhafte Indizierungen zur Compilierzeit statt zur Laufzeit zu erkennen .
Die Möglichkeiten reichen aber noch viel weiter .
Eine Programmiersprache mit abhängigen Typen ist nämlich automatisch eine Beweissprache für eine Prädikatenlogik .
Daher kann man nahezu beliebige Spezifikationen als Typen darstellen und deren Einhaltung vom Typprüfer sicher stellen lassen .
16:30 Kaffee - Pause Folgende Hands - On finden parallel statt : 17:00 Hands - On : Agda
Eine Einführung in Dependent Types mit Agda .
Große Teile davon als Live - Programming zu folgenden Themen :
• Grundlagen zu Dependent Types
• Grundlagen zu induktiven Familien ( GADTs )
• die Grundidee des Curry - Howard - Isomorphismus
• ein kleiner Beweis in Agda
Folgende Beispiele werden gezeigt :
• statische Bereichsprüfung für Listenindizes
• take mit Bereichsprüfung für die Resultatlänge
Eine Einführung in Dependent Types mit Agda .
Große Teile davon als Live - Programming zu folgenden Themen : • Grundlagen zu Dependent Types • Grundlagen zu induktiven Familien ( GADTs ) • die Grundidee des Curry - Howard - Isomorphismus • ein kleiner Beweis in Agda Folgende Beispiele werden gezeigt : • statische Bereichsprüfung für Listenindizes • take mit Bereichsprüfung für die Resultatlänge 17:00 Hands - On : Hawk
Demo von Alexander Treptow und Björn Peemöller
Es wird ein Prototyp einer personalisierten Hayoo !- Suche mit Hilfe von Hawk vorgestellt .
Außerdem wird beispielhaft gezeigt , wie eine einfache Hawk - Applikation erstellt werden kann .
Demo von Alexander Treptow und Björn Peemöller
Es wird ein Prototyp einer personalisierten Hayoo !- Suche mit Hilfe von Hawk vorgestellt .
Außerdem wird beispielhaft gezeigt , wie eine einfache Hawk - Applikation erstellt werden kann .
18:00 Präsentation der Ergebnisse vom Lambda - Camp Abendprogramm 18:30 Grillparty mit Musik ( analoge und digitale Klangsynthese ) Zur Grillparty gibt es die Unsafe Performance , eine Geräuschkulisse aufgebaut von :
• Daniel van den Eijkel mit Hilfe einer Haskell - SuperCollider -EDSL ,
• Alfons Geser an einem Formant - Analog - Synthesizer ,
• Henning Thielemann unter Verwendung einer Haskell - LLVM-EDSL und einem Haskell - MIDI - Stream - Editor ,
Eventuell weitere spontan einspringenden Mitwirkenden sind herzlich eingeladen .
Veranstalter : FIT Leipzig e.V. in Zusammenarbeit mit
Fakultät IMN , HTWK Leipzig
Medienstiftung der Sparkasse Leipzig
iba Consulting Gesellschaft Leipzig Programmkommittee : Alf Richter ( iba CG Leipzig ) , Uwe Schmidt ( FH Wedel ) , Henning Thielemann ( Univ. Halle ) , Janis Voigtländer ( Univ. Bonn ) , Johannes Waldmann ( HTWK Leipzig )
Tue 18 May 2010
4:10 PM
compton
Fade Zoom
There 's an interesting story doing the rounds which you may or probably wo n't have seen recently .
The Shropshire Star reports on an old chap who spotted what appears to be a very uncanny resemblance between a 1920s B&W photograph and a famous picture of an alleged local ghost .
See the story with full images here I was intrigued , and decided to compare the two images a bit closer , and there does seem to be a striking resemblance .
See what you think using the image below .
Click and drag the Fade control to fade from the 1990s image of the so - called Wem ghost to the 1920s image of a very much alive and sulky looking girl .
You can use the other slider to zoom in or out on the image for a closer peek .
These images are both taken from the Shropshire Star story , and are untouched except to shrink the ' ghost ' one so that it is the same size as the girl .
I did n't process either image other than that - the brightness , contrast , rotation , proportions are all exactly the same as in the original two photos .
Some elements , such as the belt on the dress and the line of the girl 's hat against her hair , seem to match nearly exactly .
What do you think ?
Can there still be room for doubt ?
One thing 's for sure , the guy who first spotted the resemblance has got eagle eyes !
Boris has been bold and I applaud the logical measures his government is taking today to address the health of the nation and offer all kids a better and healthier future .
This is a huge step in the right direction .
The last few months have shown us more clearly than ever that we need decisive action to protect the health of our children .
We know kids from the poorest communities are most at risk , and we know that having access to varied and healthier food plays a vital part in keeping us healthy and resilient .
I have worked with five Prime Ministers to develop a proper child obesity strategy – including school meals and the sugar tax where all income is reinvested in our primary schools – and after years of delay , we finally have a solid strategy that is moving things forward .
There is still a long way to go of course and as ever the devil will be in the detail and in the delivery .
The government needs to keep up the momentum – including finding a permanent solution to holiday hunger which Marcus Rashford highlighted so brilliantly in his free school meals campaign – if they want to achieve their goal of halving child obesity by 2030 .
But as someone who ’s campaigned on this for 20 years , today is a good day .
AUSTRALIANS may be forced to wait for Google TV if the search giant thinks any proposed ISP filter will result in a poorer quality service .
Google TV was announced by the company at its annual I/O conference in San Francisco last week .
With it , Google plans to bring the internet into the loungeroom of every TV - owning household in the world , with an ambitious new service that lets people mesh television viewing with surfing the web .
Google TV can be accessed using upcoming web - enabled televisions from Sony or set - top boxes from Logitech that route web content to existing TV sets .
It will be rolled out in the US late this year , but the company is unwilling to say when - or even if - Australians will get the service .
Google Australia head of engineering Alan Noble said the main problem in Australia would be whether the quality of the service would make it worthwhile .
Currently that quality issue revolves around bandwidth , a problem which which would be solved by the NBN rollout , Mr Noble said .
But YouTube – which will play a major role in Google TV 's success - presents a problem for the Government 's proposed filtering plan because filtering it on a page - by - page basis could slow down internet speeds .
The only other option was for the Government to blacklist YouTube altogether .
Mr Noble said Google would be less inclined to roll out a poor quality service " unless people are willing to accept highly pixellated , degraded content .
It 's going to require multiple megabits per second .
" We do have technical concerns about filtering , ” he said .
“ There is potential to degrade performance .
It will also impact not just IPTV but all kinds of web products and services . "
" That may well be a consideration in how quickly it 's deployed in Australia . "
Mr Noble said the company " had n't really considered " the impact of making the internet even more accessible , but hoped families and manufacturers alike would treat internet TV with the same scrutiny they treated Pay - TV .
" Our philosophy is that the information should be out there and available to as many people as possible . "
" I can't say that all Google TV set - top boxes will have lockdown features but certainly there are opportunities for vendors to produce a child - safe set - top box . "
I think that anybody with any fairness is bound to admit that the statement William Hague came out with is much better than anything on Israel which New Labour ever came out with , especially this bit :
“ This news underlines the need to lift the restrictions on access to Gaza , in line with UNSCR 1860 .
The closure is unacceptable and counter - productive .
There can be no better response from the international community to this tragedy than to achieve urgently a durable resolution to the Gaza crisis .
I call on the Government of Israel to open the crossings to allow unfettered access for aid to Gaza , and address the serious concerns about the deterioration in the humanitarian and economic situation and about the effect on a generation of young Palestinians
?. ”
http://www.fco.gov.uk/en/news/latest-news/?view=News&id=22300485
But as I told this afternoon ’s tremendous spontaneous demonstration on Whitehall , fine words are not enough and we must now see the kind of sanctions regime we saw against apartheid South Africa .
A word on the legal position , which is very plain .
To attack a foreign flagged vessel in international waters is illegal .
It is not piracy , as the Israeli vessels carried a military commission .
It is rather an act of illegal warfare .
Because the incident took place on the high seas does not mean however that international law is the only applicable law .
The Law of the Sea is quite plain that , when an incident takes place
on a ship on the high seas ( outside anybody ’s territorial waters ) the applicable law is that of the flag state of the ship on which the incident occurred .
In legal terms , the Turkish ship was Turkish territory .
There are therefore two clear legal possibilities .
Possibility one is that the Israeli commandos were acting on behalf of the government of Israel in killing the activists on the ships .
In that case Israel is in a position of war with Turkey , and the act falls under international jurisdiction as a war crime .
Possibility two is that , if the killings were not authorised Israeli military action , they were acts of murder under Turkish jurisdiction .
If Israel does not consider itself in a position of war with Turkey , then it must hand over the commandos involved for trial in Turkey under Turkish law .
In brief , if Israel and Turkey are not at war , then it is Turkish law which is applicable to what happened on the ship .
It is for Turkey , not Israel , to carry out any inquiry or investigation into events and to initiate any prosecutions .
Israel is obliged to hand over indicted personnel for prosecution .
Craig Murray is a former British Ambassador .
He is also a former Head of the Maritime Section of the Foreign and Commonwealth Office .
He negotiated the UK ’s current maritime boundaries with Ireland , Denmark ( Faeroes ) , Belgium and France , and boundaries of the Channel Islands , Turks and Caicos and British Virgin Islands .
He was alternate Head of the UK Delegation to the UN Preparatory Commission on the Law of the Sea .
He was Head of the FCO Section of the Embargo Surveillance Centre , enforcing sanctions on Iraq , and directly responsible for clearance of Royal Navy boarding operations in the Persian Gulf .
Reviews of Craig Murray ’s War on Terror Memoir , “ Murder in Samarkand ” – published in the US as “ Dirty Diplomacy ” :
“ It really is a magnificent achievement ” – Noam Chomsky
“ A fearless book by a fearless man .
Craig Murray tells the truth whether the “ authorities ” like it or not .
I salute a man of integrity ” – Harold Pinter
The Wall Street Journal reports ( subscription required ) that as of June 1st , AT&T will nearly double the early termination fee for customers on smartphone contracts such as for the iPhone , going from $ 175 to $ 325 .
The change , which would apply only to new contracts , appears set to come just prior to the launch of a new iPhone .
The iPhone is AT&T 's biggest wireless growth driver ; however , the company 's contract as Apple 's sole U.S. partner is expected to end over the next year .
The loss of exclusivity could enable iPhone customers -- particularly those frustrated by the carrier 's network issues -- to go to rivals , specifically Verizon Wireless , although high early termination fees could serve as a deterrent .
An AT&T spokesman , however , said the timing of the move was n't related to any device .
Verizon similarly doubled its early termination fee for " advanced " devices such as smartphones and netbooks to $ 350 last November .
The U.S. Federal Communications Commission has taken an interest in the fee policies of Verizon and other carriers , and is seeking to understand how these policies affect consumers .
Earlier this week , AT&T Mobility CEO
Ralph de la Vega noted that his company does not expect many iPhone customers to jump ship to rival carriers once AT&T loses its exclusivity in the United States .
He pointed to data showing that 80 % of customers are on family talk or corporate discount plans that serve as a significant barrier to switching .
A significantly increased early termination fee would obviously also be a deterrent to switching for those customers signed up to a multi- year contract .
Ancient shout - at - the - bins Northerner Mark E Smith has penned a World Cup Song , to grunt England to success in South Africa this summer .
He has the field to himself , since the FA has decided not to commission an Official Dirge for 2010 .
In the ditty , Smith advises the team to " take care of the invention of your nation " , " socks up at last or be a Brazilian breakfast " , and reminds them :
" This is not 1974 , this is not 1976 , you are not at Stamford Bridge , but you are on a Boer Ridge . "
It 's not quite up there with " Under Marble Millichip , the F.A. broods " , but with most of the England team on the treatment table , he should have a captive audience .
Nervous millionaire sporting layabouts can start the conditioning process early , with this clip of Mark E Smith reading out the classified football results from a few years ago :
The song is called England 's Heartbeat , was co-written with Ed Blaney and Jenny Shuttleworth , and comes out under the name Shuttleworth on June 7th . ®
Summary
Why a framework ?
JavaScript libraries
PHP frameworks
Java frameworks
. NET frameworks
ColdFusion frameworks
Ajax and XUL
Resources
Why a framework ?
JavaScript libraries
< script src=" prototype.js " type= " text / javascript ></ script>
Prototype .
Is the base of several other frameworks including that of Yahoo .
Its goal seems to be in reducing the size of Ajax Code .
Is the base of several other frameworks including that of Yahoo .
Its goal seems to be in reducing the size of Ajax Code .
Script Aculo .
Add more features to prototype .
Add more features to prototype .
Rico .
Based also on prototype , add special effects to HTML pages .
Based also on prototype , add special effects to HTML pages .
Dojo Toolkit .
Uses packages with a mechanism to load them together along with the page .
It can build reusable components and widgets , a lot of them is provided on the site .
It allows to manipulate the DOM more easily , and to make graphical effects .
Uses packages with a mechanism to load them together along with the page .
It can build reusable components and widgets , a lot of them is provided on the site .
It allows to manipulate the DOM more easily , and to make graphical effects .
Qooxdoo .
Includes advanced cross - browser layout managers and an advanced build system for graphical user interfaces similar to that of desktop software .
Widgets re provided with the function to use them from the keyboard or the mouse .
Third parties provide PHP or Java code to process data with XMLHttpRequest .
Includes advanced cross - browser layout managers and an advanced build system for graphical user interfaces similar to that of desktop software .
Widgets re provided with the function to use them from the keyboard or the mouse .
Third parties provide PHP or Java code to process data with XMLHttpRequest .
Sarissa .
ECMAScript library to process native XML APIs .
Allow DOM instances , XML loading , XSLT transformations , XPath queries , serialization of lists into
XML ...
ECMAScript library to process native XML APIs .
Allow DOM instances , XML loading , XSLT transformations , XPath queries , serialization of lists into XML ... Yahoo UI .
Library from the Yahoo search engine .
Includes CSS resources .
Library from the Yahoo search engine .
Includes CSS resources .
Anaa .
A simple library for GET and POST with callbacks .
PHP frameworks
AjaxAC .
Small PHP library .
Small PHP library .
Xajax .
More sophisticated , is made of a JavaScript library and PHP classes , to help in using other PHP functions written by you .
Uses only the XML format , on the server side .
More sophisticated , is made of a JavaScript library and PHP classes , to help in using other PHP functions written by you .
Uses only the XML format , on the server side .
Tiny Ajax .
A small PHP 5 class .
Java frameworks
DWR ( Direct Web Remoting ) .
Allows to use Java functions as if they are part of the browser , from HTML code , thanks to its interface .
A JavaScript part is used to update the page and another to get data with servlets .
The technique is in generating in real time Java code from JavaScript code , send it to the server and run it .
Allows to use Java functions as if they are part of the browser , from HTML code , thanks to its interface .
A JavaScript part is used to update the page and another to get data with servlets .
The technique is in generating in real time Java code from JavaScript code , send it to the server and run it .
GoogleWeb Toolkit .
A toolbox to develop Java applications , that are then compiled into JavaScript code , and this code processes the HTML page through DOM methods .
. NET frameworks
Microsoft Ajax Library ( formerly ATLAS ) is made of a client side part : Microsoft AJAX Library , and a server side part : ASP .
NET 2.0 Ajax Extensions .
But a component library is also provided with graphical widgets : ASP .NET Ajax Control Toolkit .
( formerly ATLAS ) is made of a client side part : Microsoft AJAX Library , and a server side part : ASP .
NET 2.0 Ajax Extensions .
But a component library is also provided with graphical widgets : ASP.NET Ajax Control Toolkit .
Ajax .NET
Professional " serialize " ( convert and store ) .NET data to the JSON format .
ColdFusion frameworks
AjaxCFC .
An object oriented framework that provides developers seamless integration between JavaScript and ColdFusion , and built - in security and debugging functions .
An object oriented framework that provides developers seamless integration between JavaScript and ColdFusion , and built - in security and debugging functions .
CFAjax .
Implements Ajax in such a way that ColdFusion method calls on the server gets executed using JavaScript a la Ajax .
Implements Ajax in such a way that ColdFusion method calls on the server gets executed using JavaScript a la Ajax .
JSMX .
JSMX API
runs entirely on the client and has no Server Side Components to install .
Apart ColdFusion , is extended to support also XML , JSON , and WDDX or even JavaScript on the server side from JavaScript requests on the client side .
Ajax and XUL
ZK .
Framework designed for allowing Ajax and XUL to communicate .
Resources
The best technology to build dynamic web pages is Ajax .
JavaScript code embedded into the HTML page is used to send requests to the server .
At the server side , some processing is required to handle them , find the info or store the data .
To do that , we need for a specialized framework .
The framework has always a JavaScript part , and sometimes a server side part in another scripting language .
A lot of them exist in various programming languages , in all environments around , but we retain here only the most widely used .
Actually , this framework is the Ajax engine described by J. J. Garrett and intended to suppress waiting for the user when accessing the server .
The framework provides classical , cross - browser functions to use the XMLHttpRequest object .
But a framework may goes beyond that , and allow to build " rich web applications " , applications with a graphical user interface and other features of desktop software that run through a browser , while exchanging data with a remote server .
Many Ajax frameworks and libraries rely solely upon JavaScript and contain no server components and therefore server technology dependencies .
Most of them use XML as data format , and sometime JSON , another textual format .
A JavaScript library is loaded with just a tag , as this :
This tag includes the " prototype " library into the page and itsfunction become usable by the browser , in this page .
Such Ajax libraries and frameworks include :
On the server side , the programmer may use PHP functions to process requests from the browser .
PHP allows to deal with database , search data , build pages or parts of page and publish the page or return data to the XMLHttpRequestobject .
PHP 5 specifically , thanks to its SimpleXML class , is able to create XML files that may be returned to the object .
But all these tasks require special functions to write ... however the work is already done in some free open source frameworks .
Java is the programming language that is the more often used to build web services .
A Java framework permit to use Java web services interactively with a web page .
The more commonly used are : Legacy Java software for the web now is moving to Ajax .
now includes Ajax features .
takes a unique approach in that the application is written as if it was a desktop software .
All the logic executes on the server , the framework encapsulates the web rendering and communication layers .
Libraries include : Ajax make use of the JavaScript programming language , and XUL embeds also JavaScript into XML to define the interaction with the graphical user interface .
The two systems work on the Firefox browser .
The first one allows to communicate with the server from a remote web page , the second one displays an interface either in a local computer or through the net , with the same browser .
The main difference is in the use of Canvas ( HTML tag ) to extend Ajax and to extend XUL , XPCom and XBL .
Article from http://www.xul.fr/ajax-frameworks.html
blind taste test
Believe it or not , your newly - upgraded Nexus
One is n't the first Android smartphone to have Adobe Flash video capability , nor even the first to play said content on a 1GHz Snapdragon CPU -- Europe 's been rocking the HTC Desire since April , which sports a little something called Flash Lite even on the older Android 2.1 OS .
Will frozen yogurt outperform puff pastry on its home turf ?
Find out in avideo showdown after the break .
HISTORICAL FICTION
Peter Carey
The two - time Booker Prize–winning author ’s most recent novel is Parrot and Olivier in America ( Knopf ) .
The Radetzky March ( 1932 )
By Joseph Roth
One could say this great novel is “ about ” the end of the Hapsburg Empire .
I think it ’s about the sentences , the light , the sad sweet poetry of loyalty and hubris , our ludicrous expectation that the world will always be the same .
Blood Meridian ( 1985 )
By Cormac Mccarthy
A very modern book that everyone calls biblical .
As with all great fiction , you ’ll get drunk and die of the language .
Midnight ’s Children ( 1981 )
By Salman Rushdie
Still my favorite of his novels , and what could be more modern , more historical than India ’s independence and partition ?
Saleem Sinai has Gogol ’s nose and Rushdie ’s musicality and wit .
Riddley Walker ( 1980 )
By Russell Hoban
What do you call a future that feels like an apocalyptic past or a possible parallel of the scary stupid present ?
I call it a work of genius .
An entire invented history and lexicon , one of the masterworks of the past 40 years .
Specimen Days ( 2005 )
By Michael Cunningham
A heart and imagination that can embrace the Triangle Shirtwaist Factory fire and a love story between an android and a sexy lizard .
War and Peace ( 1869 )
By Leo Tolstoy
Its original title was The Year 1805 .
When the first part of it was published , you might have called it a historical novel — it was certainly , from its birth , about the past .
Tolstoy refused to call it a novel .
An Artist of the Floating World ( 1986 )
By Kazuo Ishiguro
If the past is a foreign country , what is a foreign country in the past ?
This doubly magnificent invention gets better and more miraculous every year .
The Eye in the Door ( 1993 )
By Pat Barker
The second of three books — the “ Regeneration ” trilogy — all of which deal with World War I and its aftermath .
You can smell and taste the time and place , but most magically , you enjoy the wonder of a female novelist inhabiting male sexuality in all its grimy spitting sweaty truth .
The Amazing Adventures of Kavalier & Clay ( 2000 )
By Michael Chabon
Who knew there were comic strips in historical novels ?
Zap. Bam .
Oooooof .
Shazam !
Chabon surely busts apart the pigeonhole .
SCIENCE FICTION
William Gibson
SF ’s current visionary has a new novel , Zero History ( Putnam ) , due out September 7 .
Tiger ! Tiger ! ( 1956 )
By Alfred Bester
It ’s also known as The Stars My Destination .
My favorite literary expression of mid-century Manhattan , and I doubt I ’d have written without having read it .
Dhalgren ( 1975 )
By Samuel R. Delany
It wo n’t work unless you can allow it to become your head for a few weeks ; it helps if you ’re rather young .
Closest thing I know to a great “ sixties ” novel .
Arslan ( 1976 )
By M. J. Engh
A very different sort of alien invasion : America as Earth .
One of the best works of science fiction you probably have n’t heard of .
The Crystal World ( 1966 )
By J. G. Ballard
It ’s hard to pick just one Ballard , but you could certainly start with this .
The Forever War ( 1974 )
By Joe Haldeman
The most adult and intelligent novel of military science fiction .
Pavane ( 1968 )
By Keith Roberts
The Roman Catholic Church still rules England in 1968 , Protestantism having been destroyed in the wake of the 1588 assassination of Queen Elizabeth .
Random Acts of Senseless Violence ( 1993 )
By Jack Womack
A heart - rending and perpetually more likely near - future Manhattan .
Great Work of Time ( 1991 )
By John Crowley
Vast and all - encompassing , it ’s a novel magically disguised as a novella .
Holy Fire ( 1996 )
By Bruce Sterling
A glacially logical yet emotionally intelligent extrapolation of age - extension technology .
Also brilliant on bohemias .
334 ( 1972 )
By Thomas M. Disch
Everyday life in Manhattan , 2025 , at 334 East 11th Street , a vast housing project .
I think of it whenever anyone seriously suggests my work is dystopian .
MEMOIRS
Kathryn Harrison
The author of multiple genre - bending autobiographies of her own , including The Mother Knot and the best - selling The Kiss .
Boyhood : Scenes From a Provincial Life ( 1997 )
By J. M. Coetzee
I reread this once a year and am always surprised by his inspired use of the third person .
It ’s so simple an artifice , the apparent vantage of a consciousness other than Coetzee ’s own , and has such profound effects , granting the narrative a necessary sense of distance .
The Lover ( 1984 )
By Marguerite Duras
I admire cool renderings of hot topics .
Her detached , almost documentary account of the illicit affair she had as an underage French girl with an older Chinese man is often called an “ autobiographical novel . ”
As it ’s written , the strangeness of her story has less to do with its exotic setting — Indochina in the thirties — than with an erotic fixation so profound it destroys the lovers ’ autonomy .
A Fan ’s Notes ( 1968 )
By Frederick Exley
One of the few long narratives that unfold on a knife edge of comedy and anguish , never tumbling into one at the expense of the other .
Exley renders the epic mishap that is his life with a keen appreciation of the absurd .
As difficult as this talented , despairing alcoholic must have been to live with , there is no better company on the page .
To the Is - Land ( 1982 )
By Janet Frame
The first of a trilogy best known by the title of its second installment , An Angel at My Table , Janet Frame ’s vision of childhood is entirely her own , sui generis , and her talent is akin to alchemy : Somehow she turns trauma , poverty , and alienation into suspenseful and soaring beauty .
Fierce Attachments ( 1987 )
By Vivian Gornick
A lot of writers dwell on their relationships with their mothers , but only a few are worth reading .
Gornick is one of them .
The attachments she describes are funny , volatile , crazy - making , and … unkillable .
The Woman Warrior : Memoirs of a Girlhood Among Ghosts ( 1976 )
By Maxine Hong Kingston
Kingston grew up in California ’s Central Valley as a Chinese - American for whom her cultural inheritance — the characters and myths from the Old World — was as real as the material world .
Perhaps not every reader ’s childhood was a ready vessel for her grandparents to overfill with stories and superstitions , but mine was , and reading this was both familiar and strange , vertiginous in a way I enjoy .
Becoming a Man : Half a Life Story ( 1992 )
By Paul Monette
Monette grew up gay and closeted , and his courageous and honest struggle to embrace himself for what he is applies to every human being who has ever tried to live a life of secrecy or amputate a portion of their soul .
Speak , Memory ( 1951 )
By Vladimir Nabokov
A self - consciously artistic rendering of the author ’s early life in Tsarist Russia , and a book I love because its subject is memory rather than experience .
Running in the Family ( 1982 )
By Michael Ondaatje
A celebration of eccentricity — Ondaatje ’s impressionistic rendering of growing up in Sri Lanka among a willfully idiosyncratic cast of characters .
I love any book that makes my family seem almost normal .
Darkness Visible : A Memoir of Madness ( 1990 )
By William Styron
Short and stark , every strand of ego peeled away , this is Styron ’s lucid commentary on his own depression .
I admire writers who succeed at what I consider the first demand of art : that the artist vivisect himself without pity , without hesitation , determined to reveal whatever he might find .
HUMOR
Simon Rich
A writer for Saturday Night Live , Rich has just published his first novel , Elliot Allagash ( Random House ) .
Our Dumb Century ( 1999 )
By the Writers of ‘ The Onion ’
This book made me laugh so hard during Hebrew school that my rabbi kicked me out of the classroom .
I was n’t even reading it at the time — just thinking about it .
Hard to pick a favorite headline , but I ’ll go with “ Stalin Announces Five - Year ‘ Everybody Dies ’ Plan . ”
Me Talk Pretty One Day ( 2000 )
By David Sedaris
He ’s written six genius collections , but this one contains my favorite memoir ever : “ You Ca n’t Kill the Rooster , ” a poignant , profane tribute to the author ’s kid brother .
The Magic Kingdom ( 1985 )
By Stanley Elkin
A British do - gooder decides to take a group of terminally ill children on a last - gasp trip to Walt Disney World .
It ’s shocking that this novel got published , but I ’m thankful that it did .
Decline and Fall ( 1928 )
By Evelyn Waugh
Some of this novel takes place at a prep school and some of it at a prison .
In Waugh ’s bitter universe there is n’t much difference .
Claw Your Way to the Top : How to Become the Head of a Major Corporation in Roughly a Week ( 1986 )
By Dave Barry
Barry is so insanely prolific that at a certain point it became cool to hate him .
That ’s too bad , because he ’s really funny , especially in this corporate satire .
The Magic Christian ( 1959 )
By Terry Southern
In this episodic novel , Southern concocts the perfect comic hero : a practical - joke enthusiast with unlimited time and money .
Like Wodehouse , only full of sex and filth .
Love Is Hell ( 1984 )
By Matt Groening
This collection of strips about love is witty , moving , and — since it ’s by a comedy writer — extremely bitter .
My Uncle Oswald ( 1979 )
By Roald Dahl
Dahl is beloved for his YA masterpieces , but Oswald is decidedly adult .
The title character is a madcap bon vivant who uses his riches to seduce as many women as possible .
The Hitchhiker ’s Guide to the Galaxy ( 1979 )
By Douglas Adams
One of my favorite jokes in Simpsons history comes when an injured robot asks , “ Why … why was I programmed to feel pain ? ”
As with many great gags , Adams did it first with Marvin the Paranoid Android .
I ’ve reread the Hitchhiker ’s books so many times that I can recite them , annoyingly , from memory .
The Great American Novel ( 1973 )
By Philip Roth
Roth has better books , but I think this baseball fable is his funniest .
In one scene , the hapless Port Ruppert Mundys take on a baseball team from an insane asylum .
Now , that ’s a premise !
THRILLERS
Otto Penzler
The Mysterious Bookshop ’s owner edited the new Agents of Treachery ( Vintage Crime / Black Lizard ) , a collection of previously unpublished spy fiction .
The Tears of Autumn ( 1975 )
By Charles Mccarry
The best novel by America ’s greatest writer of espionage fiction is also the most credible account of President Kennedy ’s assassination .
You will believe it ’s what really happened .
The Spy Who Came in From the Cold ( 1963 )
By John Le Carré
This one changed espionage fiction forever with the introduction of moral relativity : Le Carré posited that the heads of the British spy network were no better than their Soviet counterparts .
The Garden of Weapons ( 1980 )
By John Gardner
I much prefer Gardner ’s thrillers starring brilliant , fearless Big Herbie Kruger to his James Bond stuff .
In this one , Kruger ’s setting a trap for the KGB in East Berlin — and they , of course , are setting one for him .
Child 44 ( 2008 )
By Tom Rob Smith
Gorky Park meets 1984 .
The novel , loosely based on a true story , is set in the Russia of Joseph Stalin and follows a government agent investigating a serial killer who is protected by the Communist Party ’s official policy :
There was no crime in the Soviet Union .
Empire of Lies ( 2008 )
By Andrew Klavan
In addition to thrills , Klavan ’s story — a Muslim - terrorist plot to blow up part of New York — offers a cogent indictment of academia , which gives such an uncritical platform to Islamic radicals , and the media , which refuses to report what seems obvious to the rest of us .
Spies of the Balkans ( June 15 , 2010 )
By Alan Furst
The World War II era belongs to Furst , and his most recent novel matches the excellence of the previous ten , which are all set in various European countries in the years leading up to global warfare .
In this one , intrigue plays out in 1940 Greece as the Axis threat looms .
Six Days of the Condor ( 1974 )
By James Grady
It ’s now a cliché of espionage that the bad guys in the CIA are a greater danger to American agents than their foreign enemies .
But it was new when Grady wrote it , and no one has done it better .
Probably the most influential spy novel of the past 36 years .
Word of Honor ( 1985 ) By Nelson Demille
The best - seller - list regular gets more attention for his combination of politically incorrect humor and nail - biting suspense , but this Vietnam novel — bouncing between a military trial and the actions of an honorable man in an intolerable situation — is as serious as an Ebola outbreak in its depiction of the hero ’s moral dilemma .
The Cold War Swap ( 1966 )
By Ross Thomas
Wisecracking American agent Michael Padillo and his friend “ Mac ” McCorkle , partners in a West German bar during the Cold War , make their debut in this Edgar - winning novel , in which they haplessly try to bring rogue agents back to the West .
It manages to make death and near death experiences seem both hard boiled and circuslike .
Thomas ’s Briarpatch and the totally original caper Chinaman ’s Chance also belong on any best - of list .
A Coffin for Dimitrios ( 1939 )
By Eric Ambler
Ambler practically invented the modern spy novel by turning the protagonist from a fearless James Bond superhero into a victim of circumstance out of his depth , who performs courageous acts primarily to survive .
SCIENCE
Rebecca Skloot
Her first book , The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks ( Crown ) , has spent fifteen weeks ( and counting ) on the Times best - sellers list .
The Spirit Catches You and You Fall Down : A Hmong Child , Her American Doctors , And the Collision of Two Cultures ( 1997 )
By Anne Fadiman
An important and beautiful tale of a cultural miscommunication , a tragic clash between scientists and nonscientists , that does n’t demonize either side .
In the Name of Eugenics : Genetics and the Uses of Human Heredity ( 1985 )
By Daniel J. Kevles
A thick , meticulously footnoted history that I inhaled faster than I read most novels .
Unfortunately , it ’s nonfiction : an astonishing chapter of U.S. history in which scientists attempted to “ improve ” the human race by eliminating minorities , “ immorality , ” and “ inferiors ” through selective breeding and worse .
The Man Who Mistook His Wife for a Hat : And Other Clinical Tales ( 1985 )
By Oliver Sacks
I love anything by Oliver Sacks , but this collection of essays about his patients and their fantastical array of neurologic ailments was the first I fell for .
He brings himself and his readers into the minds and lives of his patients , reminding us that there are always people behind the science .
Confessions of a Knife ( 1979 )
By Richard Selzer
I still have my falling - apart undergraduate copy of Selzer ’s collection of essays about being a surgeon .
The one that haunted me : female surgeons removing the breast of a female patient , a “ sisterly ” ritual .
Love at Goon Park ( 2002 )
By Deborah Blum
A wonderful character study of Harry Harlow , the dark , eccentric scientist whose amazing , often disturbing research on primates led to much of our understanding of child - rearing .
Her new The Poisoner ’s Handbook : Murder and the Birth of Forensic Medicine in Jazz Age New York is riveting , too .
And the Band Played On : Politics , People , and the AIDS Epidemic ( 1987 )
By Randy Shilts
One of the most important science books ever written , with storytelling few can match .
The first piece I read by Shilts was an essay called “ Talking AIDS to Death , ” a follow - up to And the Band Played On .
I finished it and said to myself , I want to write like that guy .
A Long Line of Cells ( 1990 )
By Lewis Thomas
No one has ever written as clearly or beautifully about science .
I fell for him with this line : “ My cells are no longer the pure line entities I was raised with … I like to think that they work in my interest , that each breath they draw for me , but perhaps it is they who walk through the local park in the early morning , sensing my senses , listening to my music , thinking my thoughts . ”
His Brother ’s Keeper : A Story From the Edge of Medicine ( 2004 )
By Jonathan Weiner
The tale of a mechanical engineer who turned himself into a geneticist with hopes of saving his brother ’s life .
I just started reading Weiner ’s brand - new Long for This World : The Strange Science of Immortality , which is bizarre , fascinating , and fun .
The Best American Science Writing
Edited By Jesse Cohen
and
The Best American Science and Nature Writing
Edited By Tim Folger
I ’m cheating by listing two titles for my last pick , and they actually account for a whole shelf because they ’re annual anthologies .
But they ’re essential : I own every edition of each , and I read them religiously .
あなたがよく見るページ とは？
あなたがよく利用するページが3件表示されます。
各ページの閲覧回数により自動で切り替わり、編集はできません。
なお、 「メンバーズ設定」などの一部ページは対象外になります。
An earthquake of 6.4 magnitude struck Chile 109 kilometres north - west of Temuco , the US Geological Survey said .
The quake was reported to be 20.6 km deep .
Chile 's state emergency office says there are no immediate reports of damage and the country 's navy says there is no tsunami warning .
More to come .
- Reuters
If manufacturing printed circuit boards has become too easy you should try your hand at producing transistors .
[ Jeri Ellsworth ] put together a collection of videos outlining the process .
These go way beyond the IC fabrication we saw from her in the past .
It does n’t take much , a 1000 degree oven with steam option , silicone wafers , and a variety of chemicals .
We ’ve embedded the instructional video as well as two demonstrations of her N - style FET after the break .
Rafael Benítez will hold further talks with the Liverpool hierarchy to resolve his future after both parties exchanged " issues of concern " at a meeting in London yesterday .
The Liverpool manager met the club 's chairman , Martin Broughton , and managing director , Christian Purslow , as he ponders whether to accept an offer from Juventus .
Benítez has been seeking assurances over Liverpool 's search for new investment and spending power this summer , while Anfield officials wanted confirmation of the manager 's intentions .
A club statement said : " We are pleased that the first of what is intended to be a series of meetings took place between the chairman , managing director and the manager Rafael Benítez .
The meeting was constructive .
" The chairman shared his views about plans for the future of the club .
There was an exchange of views and issues of concern to both the board and the manager which will either be addressed or be picked up on in future meetings . "
Benítez met his lawyers in London and also Purslow and Broughton , the British Airways chairman who was installed at Anfield on 16 April to oversee the sale of the club by co-owners Tom Hicks and George Gillett .
Two meetings between Benítez and Broughton , before recent games , had to be cancelled for logistical reasons .
Broughton is expected to report the details of his meeting with Benítez to fellow board members .
Benítez , who is under increasing pressure to give an answer on his future to the new Juventus president , Andrea Agnelli , will consider whether to continue as Liverpool manager .
Benítez will not be able to divulge details of the meeting tomorrow as his customary Friday press conference has been postponed .
The Liverpool centre - back Jamie Carragher has said talks over a contract extension will not take place until he enters the final year of his existing deal , which expires in 2011 .
The Liverpool vice - captain
He said : " I 've spoken to the manager about it and we both agreed that it would be better if we talked about it at the start of next season .
" He said : " I 've spoken to the manager about it and we both agreed that it would be better if we talked about it at the start of next season . "
" There was an interview with a national newspaper and the headline was a bit misleading , saying that I would be prepared to leave Liverpool .
Really , I said that if Liverpool did n't want me , I 'd be forced to sign for someone else because I 'd have no other option .
I do n't want to retire yet .
I understand at my age , you can only make decisions season by season .
But I want to finish my career at Liverpool .
I do n't want to play for anyone else . "
Last night we went to a sneak preview of the LOST installation currently at the Vilcek Foundation ( which opens today and will be running through June 5th ) .
We were n't quite sure what this was all about until we arrived and immediately stumbled upon a VW bus littered with Dharma Initiative cola cans .
Yep , the island is currently on the Upper East Side !
The exhibit is filled with island artifacts , as well as photographs and biographical profiles of immigrant and first - generation American members of LOST ( the foundation honors foreign born artists who have contributed to society ) .
At last night 's opening reception Jorge Garcia ( aka Hurley ) was in attendance , as was newer cast member Zuleikha Robinson ... but the real stars of the evening were Damon Lindelof and Carlton Cuse , the duo who created the show , which will be ending Sunday in a 2 1 / 2 hour series finale .
Lindelof was even kind enough to share some secrets and a few small spoilers .
( Something about Walt and ... if we did n't consume all of that Dharma pinot grigio we 'd probably remember ! )
If you 're a fan , we highly recommend checking this exhibit out — when else will you be able to knock on Ben Linus 's secret door or stand in the shadow of Jughead ?
Until then , check out some more Carlton Cuse and Damon Lindelof after the jump ( the duo did the Top Ten on Letterman last night — which Lindelof viewed from a barstool doing shots ) .
Charlie Sheen and Brooke Mueller deny they 're divorcing , even as they live apart following Sheen 's domestic assault arrest , two stints in rehab , and rumors of call girl trysts .
We have a copy of the couple 's prenup and a possible explanation .
Sheen and Mueller tied the knot in Beverly Hills on May 30 , 2008 .
At a " quirky " wedding ceremony attended by 68 friends and family members , the pair exchanged warm , giggling vows with Sheen promising to " clean my closet at least once per decade " and " mute the ball game when Brooke says . "
At the garden reception that followed , Sheen told a reporter that he was " devoted " to Brooke and felt " a new sense of commitment " in his life .
" I was telling a couple of friends last night that this feels like my first real marriage , " Sheen said .
" The first one was a show , the second one was a con , and this one is the real deal . "
In fact , the " real deal " took place three days before the wedding ceremony when the couple sat down to sign a 60 - page prenup outlining the dispassionate side of their marriage , a legal agreement that provided Brooke with an annual allowance ( $ 300,000 ) , a stake in Charlie 's lavish Beverly Hills mansion , and described in painstaking detail how the couple 's assets would be divided — or not divided — in the event of divorce .
With two marriages , one failed engagement , and one unmarried baby mama under his belt , the Sheen - Mueller prenup is a coolly calculated document tailor - made for Hollywood 's most notorious lothario .
It outlines Charlie 's waning net worth , hints at mistakes from his prenup with Denise Richards , and shows how Sheen 's attorneys shield his projected $ 1.3 million - per-episode Two and a Half Men salary from his wives .
Charlie Sheen is a creature of Hollywood .
This is his Hollywood marriage .
What Brooke Gets
For marrying Charlie , Mueller received $ 500,000 , to be paid " within 180 days from the date of solemnization of the parties ' marriage . "
Both spouses signed away their claim to the other 's earnings , which means , if they divorce , Brooke is not entitled to any portion of Charlie 's assets or any spousal support .
The prenup explicitly avoids any discussion of child support — Brooke and Charlie had twins in March of 2009 — a matter that was to be negotiated separately .
But Mueller is provided an annual allowance as well as an appreciating share in the couple 's Beverly Hills home .
Each year Brooke receives an " anniversary payment " of $ 300,000 , " payable within 30 days of the anniversary of the marriage " for the first 10 years of their marriage .
If Charlie defaults on a payment , Brooke must send him " a written notice of default ; " if he fails to pay ten days after that , the anniversary payment will accrue interest at " an annual rate of prime plus two percent . "
If they divorce mid-year , Brooke receives a pro-rated anniversary payment , calculated to the month .
Charlie is required to " pay all of the parties ' living expenses , " and Brooke is awarded a stake in Sheen 's home located on Aubrey Road in Beverly Hills ' Mulholland Estates gated community .
Brooke 's share of the house increases based on how long the marriage lasts .
If they divorce , Charlie can elect to buy her out , or he can opt to sell the home and divide the proceeds .
In the event of divorce , Brooke receives a $ 100,000 relocation fee and whichever of Charlie 's cars is " then driven by Brooke . "
She then has 90 days after " receipt of payment " to vacate the premises .
With each passing year , Brooke 's share of the Aubrey Road home increases by 10 percent .
The following chart estimates each partner 's equity in the home assuming the property is valued at $ 8.5 million , and assuming Charlie pays his mortgage on time .
So if Brooke filed for divorce this week , she 'd walk away with the following :
Wedding Payment : $ 500,000
2009 Anniversary Payments : $ 300,000
2010 Anniversary Payment , Pro-Rated : $ 275,000
Aubrey Road Real Estate Share , Pro-Rated for Two Years and 11 Months : $ 2,356,000
Relocation Fee : $ 100,000
Car :
For the sake of argument , let 's assume it 's a four - door 2009 Mercedes such as the one Charlie owned until February when it ended at the bottom of a cliff : $ 35,000
Total : $ 3,566,000
How Much Is Charlie Worth ?
At the time of the prenup , Charlie Sheen 's net worth was $ 16.1 million , only $ 1.4 million of which was liquid — a surprisingly low figure for a man who has been A - list actor for three and a half decades and is capable of earning upwards of $ 1 million to film a single episode of his CBS sitcom .
At the time the prenup was signed , Sheen 's Aubrey Road home was estimated to be worth $ 8.5 million .
He also lists a watch collection worth $ 5.6 million , and art work and home furnishings worth another $ 3.4 million .
His retirement account holds a mere $ 3,908 .
A list of Sheen 's assets appears in the prenup :
Sheen 's real money — his Two and a Half Men money — is sealed away in 9th Step Productions , Inc. , a corporation that " loans out the acting services of Mr. Sheen " to Warner Bros. as part of his Two and a Half Men contract .
Sheen profits from the TV show in two ways .
In addition to a fee Sheen is paid per episode , he is also entitled to 12 percent of the show 's " adjusted gross income , " which the prenup estimates " could exceed $ 75 million " over the life of the contract .
At the time the prenup was executed , Warner Bros. had already advanced Sheen $ 12 million .
And that figure was calculated before Sheen entered into contract renegotiations , which are currently ongoing .
The prenup effectively walls off the money Sheen makes from Two and a Half Men from Brooke , which may be a lesson he learned the hard way .
The document indicates that 9th Street Productions ' earnings could be reduced based on " certain provisions of an agreement pending finalization between Mr. Sheen and his ex-wife , " a footnote that presumably refers to Sheen 's most - recent ex , Denise Richards .
This time around , though , the bulk of Sheen 's income is untouchable .
( If Mueller does divorce Sheen , he could make back the $ 3.5 million he'd have to pay her in a matter of weeks . )
The footnote also references several other companies that Sheen either controls or has a stake in , such as Three Dog Par , LLC and Silver Wear LLC , " clothing design and manufacturing and costume jewelry businesses , respectively . "
( The prenup says Charlie 's investments in these companies " approximates zero . " )
The Worth of Brooke Mueller
Mueller did n't bring much to the marriage .
Although tabloids have described her in the past as a " real estate investor , " Brooke 's sole real estate investment at the time was a minority share of her mother 's home in Los Angeles .
She also had interest in her father 's marital trust ( which benefits her mother ) , was the beneficiary of another trust in her mother 's name , owned joint bank account with her mother , and a Morgan Stanley account of her own .
None of these assets ' values are listed in the prenup , presumably because they did n't amount to much .
Why She Might Be Staying Put
In her Christmas Day 911 call , Brooke said Charlie held a knife to her throat and threatened to kill her for asking for a divorce .
Since then , they 've both been to rehab , Sheen has been reportedly dating a former hooker , and — as of this week — they 're living apart .
So why are they still together ?
The prenup offers one reason :
The longer this takes , the more Brooke makes .
Related
Six Degrees of Charlie Sheen
See Also
Charlie Sheen in Pictures ( below )
[ Photos at top via Getty Images ]
Federal regulators gave clearance Wednesday for a large and controversial field test of genetically engineered trees planned for seven states stretching from Florida to Texas .
The test is meant to see if the trees , eucalyptuses with a foreign gene meant to help them withstand cold weather , can become a new source of wood for pulp and paper , and for biofuels , in the Southern timber belt .
Eucalyptus trees generally cannot now be grown north of Florida because of occasional freezing spells .
The Agriculture Department , in an environmental assessment issued Wednesday , said no environmental problems would be caused by the field trial , which could involve more than 200,000 genetically modified eucalyptus trees on 28 sites covering about 300 acres .
The permit would be issued to ArborGen , a biotechnology company owned by three big forest products companies : International Paper and MeadWestvaco of the United States , and Rubicon of New Zealand .
Scientists earlier found that mice missing one of a group of core developmental genes known as the Hox genes developed an odd and rather unexpected pathology : the mutant animals groomed themselves compulsively to the point that they were removing their own hair and leaving self - inflicted open sores on their skin .
Now , they 've found a surprising connection between the Hoxb8 gene and the behavior that looks an awful lot like that of people with an obsessive compulsive spectrum disorder ( OCD ) .
Even more stunning , they report in the May 28th issue of Cell , the animals ' neuropsychological behavior can be cured by bone marrow transplant .
It turns out that the Hoxb8 gene in question plays an important role in the development of immune cells known as microglia , which reside in the brain .
Studies in which the researchers labeled Hoxb8 cells found that they show up in the brain exclusively in bone marrow - derived microglia .
When they transplanted healthy bone marrow from control mice into the mutant animals , normal microglia made it to the animals ' brains in about four weeks ' time and many of the animals then stopped their incessant grooming , allowing their hair to grow back in , within three months of the procedure .
Those discoveries answered one big question " Why a Hox gene ? " according to the researchers .
After all , microglia arise from hematopoietic stem cells in bone marrow before they reach their final destination in the brain and Hox genes are known to be heavily involved in hematopoietic cells , according to Mario Capecchi of Howard Hughes Medical Institute and University of Utah School of Medicine .
" But then , microglia and behavior ? " he asked .
" We would expect neurons to control behavior -- the circuitry of the brain -- but then all of sudden we get this ' wild card ' that microglia control behavior . "
The classic job of microglia , which outnumber neurons in the brain , is to scan the brain for problems , he explained .
When they find that something is wrong -- maybe a pathogen has invaded or there has been a stroke -- they change their shape to infiltrate the area and " clean up the mess . "
If you asked most any neuroscientist what microglia do , that 's what they would probably tell you , Capecchi said .
advertisement
In retrospect , he says , perhaps there were hints that microglia might be doing something more complicated .
Fine processes that extend from the so - called resting microglia are always moving around in space .
" They can cover the whole brain space every hour , " he said .
" The processes randomly ' walk ' around extending and protracting , scanning the brain .
They are quite dynamic even when they are called ' resting . ' "
Others have recently shown that the cells move around and then suddenly stop at synapses ( the connections between one neuron and the next ) .
It appears that they stay at synapses that are active ; otherwise , they simply wander away .
" It says that for some reason they are monitoring neural activity , " Capecchi said .
" But why monitor it if you are n't going to do something about it ? "
Capecchi now thinks based on the new findings connecting microglia to OCD - like behaviors in mice that the immune cells might not only monitor neural behavior but also modulate it , making sure it does n't get out of hand .
If they can't do their job properly , as in the Hoxb8 mutants , pathologies like the one they 've seen in the mice may result .
Exactly how microglia might control brain activity is still anyone 's guess , but the findings do add to evidence for a more general immune system role in mental disorders .
Capecchi notes that disorders such as depression , autism , Alzheimer 's , and OCD do tend to be associated with immune deficiencies .
But it was n't really clear which came first .
Genome - wide association studies in schizophrenia and OCD had also turned up genes involved in the immune system .
But again , the connection was n't entirely clear .
advertisement
Capecchi said the new findings open the door to more detailed studies of how microglia and defects in microglia influence neural activity .
They raise a host of other intriguing questions as well .
" Why couple behavior such as grooming to the host 's immune system ? " the researchers ask in conclusion .
" From an evolutionary perspective it may make perfect sense to couple a behavior such as grooming , whose purpose is to reduce pathogen count , with the cellular machinery -- the innate and adaptive immune systems -- used to eliminate pathogens , " they write .
" In summary , " they continue , " we have provided strong support for the hypothesis that the excessive pathological grooming behavior exhibited by Hoxb8 mutant mice is caused by a defect in microglia .
That a behavioral deficit could be corrected by bone marrow transplantation is indeed surprising .
The therapeutic implications of our study on amelioration of neurological behavioral deficits in humans have not escaped us . "
Capecchi said he would n't suggest a bone marrow transplant as a potential cure for mental disorders in humans today , given the significant risks associated with the procedure .
But , as the saying goes , never say never .
Perhaps more importantly , he says , scientists still know a lot more about the immune system than they do about the brain .
The new discovery suggests treatments " that improve the immune system may have benefits for the brain , " he says .
" It opens up the spectrum of possibilities you can think about . "
The researchers include Shau - Kwaun Chen , Petr Tvrdik , Erik Peden , Scott Cho , Sen Wu , Gerald Spangrude , and Mario R. Capecchi , of the Howard Hughes Medical Institute , Department of Human Genetics , University of Utah School of Medicine , Salt Lake City , UT .
Senators are set to take a last run at producing a climate and energy law tomorrow , betting on the spectre of environmental disaster raised by the BP oil spill to build support for a comprehensive overhaul of America 's energy strategy .
But despite a strong push from the Obama administration , there are concerns the debate about the energy future could be lost in the wrangling about offshore oil drilling permits .
The official roll - out by Senators John Kerry and Joe Lieberman caps eight months of negotiations with political figures and industry executives aimed at getting broad support in Congress for shifting the economy away from coal and oil and reducing greenhouse gas emissions .
Climate legislation passed by the US Senate could unblock a major obstacle which prevented agreement on a binding global deal at last year 's Copenhagen summit .
" We are more encouraged today that we can secure the necessary votes to pass this legislation this year in part because the last weeks have given everyone with a stake in this issue a heightened understanding that as a nation , we can no longer wait to solve this problem which threatens our economy , our security and our environment , " Kerry and Lieberman said in a joint statement .
The White House is also trying to use the disaster to make a case for a bill .
" This accident , this tragedy , is actually heightening people 's interest in energy in this country and in wanting a different energy plan , " Carol Browner , the White House climate adviser told Bloomberg television at the weekend .
Time is fast running out for climate and energy legislation , with Democrats expected to suffer heavy losses in the mid-term elections .
But the thinking in Congress is that the economic disaster in the Gulf
is more likely to hurt , than help , such efforts in large part because offshore drilling was a key part of the proposals .
The two Senators deliberately gave a boost to offshore drilling under a strategy that saw the Obama administration and the White House working to build support among Republicans and industries that stood to be affected by the new regulations .
Early drafts promised to build more nuclear power plants and expand offshore oil drilling .
The pro-business message was further underlined in plans for a roll - out originally scheduled for last month , which envisaged a public show of support from big oil companies , including BP .
The proposal is expected to require a 17 % cut in emissions levels from 2005 levels by 2020 .
Earlier versions suggested a sector - by - sector approach to emissions cuts .
Electricity producers would face a cap in 2012 , with heavily polluting industries such as steel and cement manufacturers winning a delay until 2012 .
In addition to financial incentives for nuclear power and offshore oil and gas drilling , the proposals would have created funds for carbon capture and storage .
The proposals would also have curbed the powers of the Environmental Protection Agency to acting on emissions , and would have stopped states , such as California , from imposing more stringent environmental regulations .
Such concessions to the nuclear and oil industry , while angering environmentalists , do not appear to have created a solid bank of Republican support .
Kerry and Lieberman lost their lone Republican ally , Lindsey Graham .
The South Carolina Senator , who initially withdrew his support over a dispute about immigration , now argues the spill in the Gulf has wrecked any chance of success .
" There are not nearly 60 votes today and I do not see them materialising until we deal with the uncertainty of the immigration debate and the consequences of the oil spill , " he said in a statement .
The Senate majority leader , Harry Reid , also cast doubt this week on the likelihood of getting a comprehensive climate and energy bill through the Sentate .
He told Spanish language Univision network a limited energy - only bill — that would not cap emissions — stood a better chance .
Meanwhile , the battle lines are being drawn on offshore drilling .
Some Democratic Senators are now threatening to vote against any climate bill that allows expanded drilling .
" I will have a very hard time ever voting for offshore drilling again , " Senator Jay Rockefeller , a West Virginia Democrat told reporters .
Others , including Graham , remain adamant in their support for drilling .
Environmental organisations are also expanding their campaigns against drilling , both in the Gulf of Mexico , and new projects scheduled for Alaska .
That could force yet another revision to the proposal by the time it sees the light of day on Wednesday .
" The one part we are still talking about is the offshore drilling , " Lieberman told reproters .
" The other parts are really in pretty solid shape . "
Nature has a job to do : provide for and nurture the fragile ecosystem of life .
And she does a pretty dang good job at it , too .
But still , fuck her .
Mankind is pretty sure we 're better than nature in every way , and for some reason we feel the need to prove it in increasingly extravagant , overcompensating ways .
5 Laser Lightning
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Everybody knows there are some shady goings - on going on in the American Southwest :
What with all the nuclear testing and the inter - dimensional warfare , New Mexico is essentially a haven for mad scientists trying to choke the universe into submission .
And they 've succeeded , with pretty much the most Metal - with - a - capital - " M " thing science has done since the invention of the guitar shredding robot ( patent pending ) : Man-made lightning .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
But it 's not some far - fetched weapon of death from the sketchiest division of DARPA , this is very real , and it was called forth by a group of scientists from Europe , using a frickin ' laser beam .
Sure , triggering lightning is n't new .
People have been doing it for decades using a copper filament attached to a rocket which , while awesome , is sadly never going to be used to strike down your enemies , because it 's all about altitude .
That method cannot cause ground - strikes .
On the other hand , doing it with a laser requires nothing more than a cloud to shoot it at and either a reckless disregard for the unsinged flesh of your team , or a burning hatred of everybody in your immediate vicinity .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
While this clearly seems to be the stuff of world domination schemes , the scientists say they 're just studying the effects of lightning in a more realistic setting .
And that 's probably true -- with their results , airplanes and buildings could be better built to resist errant lightning strikes .
After all , it 's not like you could build some kind of lightning laser cannon that basically shoots
Force lightning at people over long distances by making the electricity travel down a beam of plasma .
Oh , wait , you totally can .
As mentioned in the conference circus post , last month I was also giving a talk in CodeGate 2010 .
Just after Thomas ’s talk about BinCrowd it was my turn to present my “ Introduction to mobile reversing ” :
[ slideshare id=3856560&doc=codegate2k10tora-100426060011-phpapp01 ]
As you can see in the slides ( Flash required , direct pdf download here ) , the presentation was divided into three parts : Windows Mobile , Android and iPhoneOS .
Almost half of the time was spent in the last section talking about iPhone applications and Objective - C reversing .
One of the main problems when doing iPhone application reverse engineering is to deal with Objective - C artifacts .
This is not a new issue .
Everything developed over the Cocoa Framework has being using Objective - C for a long time .
Proof of that is the existence of previous work in the reversing field ( Cameron Hotchkies , itsme ) but those scripts have a problem with iPhone applications : they are crafted to analyze x86 binaries ( Intel MacOS X ) .
That means the scripts try to parse x86 assembly code and look for compiler structures in certain sections / segments .
Both the sections and the structures used are completely different for ARM - iPhoneOS binaries .
Other scripts are specific for iPhone ( KennyTM ) , but do n’t take care of , in my opinion , the most annoying Objective - C side effect : callgraphs and cross-references .
During my talk at CodeGate , I pointed out that one of the main drawbacks was the fact that with Objective - C we have a useless callgraph , because all calls ( take all not as 100 % but as a really high percentage ) are made to the method objc_msgSend ( ) as you can see in this sample callgraph :
The red dots are methods and arrows represent calls .
There ’s only one arrow per dot because we removed duplicates to simplify it .
The three top - called functions are three different flavours of msgSend : the standard one ( objc_msgSend ) ; the one to send messages to the super - class ( objc_msgSend_Super ) ; and the standard one that returns a struct instead of an integer ( objc_msgSend_stret ) .
Continuing with the presentation , in the last part I used an script to patch the calls to objc_msgSend ( ) and make the callgraph a bit more useful .
Basically the script parses the calls to objc_msgSend ( ) and traces the arguments passed in R0 and R1 that are the target class and method name .
That way , the script creates a new segment in the binary where it places dummy functions with the names “ classname_methodname ” and patches the call to objc_msgSend ( ) to point to the corresponding dummy - function .
The callgraph after using the script looks a bit better ( in blue the dummy functions ) :
As promised , the script has been released and you can download it from the zynamics GitHub account .
This is an initial version with only the objc_msgSend ( ) patching .
We will be updating the script with the tricks disclosed in further posts , including a few improvements and adding static Objective - C class reconstruction .
Lawrence O'Donnell talks to Mother Jones ' David Corn about why some conservatives , including a former member of the Bush administration official are none too happy with Liz Cheney and her group Keep America Safe 's latest bit of fear mongering attacking the Justice Department .
Sam Stein at the HuffPo has more -- Conservatives Turn Against Liz Cheney - As Bad As McCarthy :
Major victory in battle to protect Sumatran tiger , of which there are just 500 left in wild
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
Indonesia 's forest rangers have notched up a major victory against tiger poachers with the arrest of a notorious figure who claims to have killed more than 100 of the endangered animals .
The man , who can not be named for legal reasons , and his son were caught in a sting operation with the pelt and skeleton of a Sumatran tiger at Kerinci Seblat national park .
There are believed to be about 500 of the animals left in the wild , down from 10s of thousands at the beginning of the 20th century .
The 57 - year - old suspect reportedly told police he had killed more than 100 tigers over a 30 year period .
His family is feared and respected in their village – Tunggang in northern Bengkulu – which has long been a centre of poaching , according to conservationists .
" He is very well known in the underworld , " said Debbie Martyr , field co-ordinator for Fauna & Flora International 's Kerinci tiger protection programme .
" For someone like this to get caught will put a chill down the spine of opportunist poachers .
If these two can get caught , anyone can . "
The arrests follow a two month undercover investigation led by rangers from FFI 's tiger protection and conservation unit with backup from Bengkulu city police .
It is the third success in six months for the unit , which was established in 1995 .
Last November a tiger dealer and poacher were nabbed and later jailed for 18 months .
A month later , another dealer was detained after a year - long surveillance operation .
Villagers can earn the price of a new motorbike for a tiger .
But the deterrent of anti-poaching operations is starting to take effect .
" After 10 hard years , I 'm not saying we are winning the battle , but we are holding our own , " said Martyr .
" We now have about 140 tigers in this national park .
That is more tigers than in Laos , Nepal , Cambodia or China . "
But , on the eve of the eve of International Day for Biological Diversity , the threat to the tigers is far from over .
Even as the rangers celebrated one success , they were called out to try to save a tiger that had been shot and badly wounded by poachers .
Read more articles about private clouds
Frustrated with outdated equipment ?
Learn how to turn your old servers into
a private cloud using open source tools .
It ’s happening everywhere .
IT shops are being forced to do much more with a lot less .
Given the new rules of engagement , the prospect of needing to find value in old hardware in the face of zero budget dollars is not unusual .
If you are like most server administrators , you have a pile of older servers sitting off to the side in your network operations center .
They ’ve been around for years , and individually , they do not offer much in the way of performance or use .
But what if you could find a way to harness the power of all these servers together ?
Build Your Own Nebulous
A server administrator for a national insurance company had this to say on the subject of recycling hardware .
Our accounting department showed us that we had no money to purchase new hardware and they went on to say that the five - year depreciation on hardware was going to be extended out to 10 years .
Clearly there is a misunderstanding on requirements , but given that we must comply with this , we went to our warehouse and grabbed about five 2U Dell PowerEdge servers .
Our plan was to build a private cloud , for free , using open source operating systems and virtualization .
Even with no money , we still had projects on the table that had to be done .
We called our experiment , ‘ Nebulous , ’ named after the cloud .
The end result was better than we had imagined .
1. Assemble the Pieces
CentOS is the free version of the popular Red Hat Enterprise Linux operating system .
It is a community - supported , mainly free , software operating system based on Red Hat Enterprise Linux .
It exists to provide a free , enterprise - class computing platform , and it strives to maintain 100 percent binary compatibility .
CentOS stands for Community ENTerprise Operating System .
We knew that CentOS had clustering capabilities , so we installed it across all five of our servers .
Once we patched them and hardened the servers , we used the native clustering functionality to run all five servers as one environment .
The really nice thing here is that the enterprise investment in the RHCE certification for us was not wasted .
Our server administrators already had the skills to carry out the architecture design , so right there we were able to avoid contractor or training expenses .
We now had the hardware running , the open source OS pumping , all the configurations set and were now ready to add the final piece of the puzzle .
2. Create the Cloud
“ We decided on VirtualBox , an open source virtualization platform . ”
VirtualBox is a general - purpose full virtualizer for x86 hardware .
Targeted at server , desktop and embedded use , it is now the only professional - quality virtualization solution that is also open source software .
We had zero dollars to acquire an enterprise virtualization package , such as VMware , so we matched up our needs with the VirtualBox open source solution .
We went ahead and set up the console , and began installing guest operating system environments .
At this point , we had the security team come in and do a full risk assessment of the pilot design .
We were very encouraged by their findings and felt that the level of risk was well below the benefits to the business .
Management agreed and our Nebulous , or internal private cloud , was born .
3. Market the Old With a New Name
When we approached development and showed them how quickly we could add , remove , or assign test beds , they were very pleased .
This would be a huge time saver from the current process of building environments by hand .
It also allowed for many more environments to be tested simultaneously because there would not be a reliance on physical hardware being available or ready for use .
They were so pleased that they gave us a bunch of hardware and asked us to add it to the environment .
We took the Nebulous pilot to other departments and business lines .
Some were hesitant for the same reasons as outsourced cloud services , but once we explained that we own this cloud , tensions were lowered .
The biggest set of questions we had came from departments who adhere to various regulations , such as PCI and SOX .
We have asked our QSA vendor to assess our Nebulous environment and determine if it can be used .
New , Old and Innovation
From just this one example , we see that server administrators are mixing old hardware with new concepts to deliver viable business platforms with little to no costs .
Given this example , I can see projects like “ Nebulous ” springing up across both private and public sector server environments .
As a final note , when asked about hard dollar savings Nebulous offered , the server admin had this to say .
We looked at everything from the [ power ] cost per slot in the network racks all the way to the hourly rates of pay associated with uptime and management of Nebulous .
If we did this only for our development group , we would save 37 percent of the current costs to their operations .
Follow ServerWatch on Twitter
SUWON , South Korea  Neither had a job .
They were shy and had never dated anyone until they met through an online chat site in 2008 .
They married , but they knew so little about childbearing that the 25 - year - old woman did not know when her baby was due until her water broke .
But in the fantasy world of Internet gaming , they were masters of all they encountered , swashbuckling adventurers exploring mythical lands and slaying monsters .
Every evening , the couple , Kim Yun-jeong and her husband , Kim Jae - beom , 41 , left their one - room apartment for an all - night Internet cafe where they role - played , often until dawn .
Each one raised a virtual daughter , who followed them everywhere , and was fed , dressed and cuddled  all with a few clicks of the mouse .
On the morning of Sept. 24 last year , they returned home after a 12 - hour game session to find their actual daughter , a 3 - month - old named Sa-rang  love in Korean  dead , shriveled with malnutrition .
In South Korea , one of the world ’s most wired societies , addiction to online games has long been treated as a teenage affliction .
But the Kims ’ case has drawn attention to the growing problem here of Internet game addiction among adults .
When I was a child I was very fond of my vinyl record set of Prokofiev 's Peter and the Wolf .
I say " vinyl " , not " LP " because those records spun at 78 revolutions per minute .
They were thick , heavy , and seemingly robust enough to last forever .
Yeah , OK , you 're already laughing at me because , of course , those records had been made obsolete by the time I was old enough to drink .
Now that I'm 56 , I 've seen the vast excitement over the arrival of VHS tapes – and the shrug that accompanied their demise .
Plus : Betamax videocassettes , reels of recording tape , DAT tapes , audio cassettes , eight - track cartridges , and 5.25 in floppy disks .
Now , Sony announced this week , 3.5 in floppy disks are set to join the ranks of dead media .
To be sure , it 's hard to mourn something with such tiny capacity .
My digital camera takes images that wo n't fit on a single floppy disk ( which , by the way , held 1.4MB of data , not the 1.44 MB beloved of marketers ) , and stores these on an 8 GB – gigabytes !
– card the size of a postage stamp .
A 1.4MB floppy wo n't hold a single average - length pop song ; it might just manage a book - length manuscript in today 's bloated word - processing formats .
But the 3.5 in disk was revolutionary in its day .
It held double the amount of data of its predecessor , the 5.25 in floppy , and at the time 1.4MB was a lot .
Like social media now , it spawned media scares ; I seem to remember tabloid stories of them being passed around , filled with pornography and computer viruses , in school playgrounds .
But these things die hard : my desk drawer still holds 30 or 40 of them , alongside a USB floppy drive carefully wrapped to keep out dust .
Ultimately , the drive matters as much as – or more than – the disks .
The constant flow of changing and obsolete formats has a distinct cost in caretaking time and attention .
If the data matters to you , you must check frequently to make sure you can still read it and transfer it to new media as old ones die off .
Libraries have archivists to manage this ; families do n't .
My childhood photographs may be faded – but they 're viewable .
Will the same be true of the photographs you posted last week on Facebook when your six - year - old is my age ?
The BBC made this mistake in 1986 , when it created a digital " Domesday book " on – hah !
– an Acorn computer and video disc player .
By 1999 , the digital book was unreadable ; it took a team of researchers three years to develop emulator software to unlock it .
The original from 1086 is , of course , still readable now .
And yet , the digital Domesday researchers may have had an easier time than their 2050 counterparts will : they knew what they were trying to emulate .
As a sound engineer friend always tells me , you can analyse magnetic media and fashion a reader , but you can't do the same with today 's optical discs – CDs and DVDs .
For permanent accessibility , printed copies are still your best bet .
Libyan TV showed Ruben van Assouw being treated in hospital The Dutch boy who was the sole survivor of a plane crash in Libya that killed 103 people has flown back to the Netherlands on a Libyan air ambulance .
Ruben van Assouw was accompanied by his aunt and uncle on the flight from Tripoli to Eindhoven , officials said .
The nine - year - old was told on Friday that his parents and brother had died .
The Afriqiyah Airways Airbus 330 crashed short of the runway at Tripoli airport on Wednesday , as it flew in from Johannesburg in South Africa .
The head Libyan investigator has said the pilot reported no problems during the plane 's approach to land .
Ruben 's aunt and uncle said their nephew was doing well under the circumstances .
VICTIMS ' NATIONALITIES 67 Dutch 13 South African Four Belgian Two Libyan passengers + 11 Libyan crew members Two Austrian One British One German One Zimbabwean One French One unknown nationality Source : Afriqiyah Airways
Are children more likely to survive ?
SA author dies in Libya disaster " We have explained to Ruben exactly what happened , " they told journalists in Tripoli .
" He knows his parents and brother are dead .
The whole family is going to bear the responsibility for Ruben 's future . "
Ruben had been on holiday in South Africa with his parents , Trudy and Patrick van Assouw , and his older brother , Enzo .
" The time ahead will be a difficult period for us .
We hope that the media will respect our privacy , " his aunt and uncle added .
The family had been celebrating the parents ' 12 - and - a- half - year wedding anniversary , a Dutch custom .
Sedig Benzala , the head of the medical team caring for him , said Ruben was recovering well after a four - and - a - half hour operation to repair multiple fractures to his legs .
The Airbus 330 - carrying 93 passengers and 11 crew - crashed on Wednesday morning .
The plane 's flight recorders have been sent to Paris for examination .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
It is not clear what caused the plane to crash just short of the runway as it approached Tripoli airport .
The head of the investigation team said the pilot had not reported any problems .
" Until the very last moment things were normal between the pilot and the control tower , " Neji Dhaou told the AFP news agency .
Dutch , French , South African and US experts are helping Libya with the investigation .
Dutch forensic experts are helping to identify the bodies .
Most of the passengers on the flight were from the Netherlands .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The Uefa president , Michel Platini , believes England to be one of only three teams with the ability to win this year 's World Cup .
The Frenchman does not include his own country in the list – which also features Brazil and Spain – ranking them instead in a second tier of teams which he sees as little more than irritants .
" I see three teams who have the quality to win it – in alphabetical order , Brazil , England and Spain , " he told a news conference at the Uefa congress in Tel Aviv .
" Other teams may be hard to beat but they may not have the potential in absolute terms to win the World Cup . "
Brazil and Spain are currently ranked first and second in the world by Fifa , but England are only eighth .
Holland , Italy , Germany , Portugal and France are ranked ahead of Fabio Capello 's charges by Fifa , but not by Platini .
The president of European football 's governing body mentioned all of those teams except Germany , as well as Argentina and Ivory Coast , in his list of sides that could cause trouble for his top three at the finals in South Africa .
Brazil have lifted the trophy five times , England were winners in 1966 and Spain are the current European champions .
The fact that the United Kingdom is , mercifully , outside the eurozone will not protect this country from the chill winds of recession that might be about to descend on one of our key export markets .
The rapid unravelling of the 750 billion - euro fund put together just a few weeks ago to shore up the single currency has sent the markets into a spin .
Mrs Merkel 's precipitate ban on speculative short - selling in the German markets smacks of panic , and her rhetoric yesterday , in which she talked of the greatest challenge facing Europe since 1945 , will not calm things down , even if it was designed to shock her own parliament into supporting the bail - out package when it votes today .
The euro crisis could topple Mrs Merkel , due to deep resentment in Germany at being forced to rescue a Greek economy brought low by profligacy .
Its medium - term consequences are still hard to discern , but might be profound .
Mr Cameron may shortly discover how the best - laid plans , agreed or not , can be undone by events beyond his control .
If you 're not a fan of dryer sheets and the residue they leave on your clothes , but your clothing comes out suffering from static cling , try this simple and cheap trick .
Photo by chidsey .
Pulling out a load of static - charged laundry is n't fun , nor is trying to get garments to hang right when they are buzzing with static .
Apartment Therapy reader Aprilheartsaaron shared the following cheap hack to do away with static :
I 've completely eliminated the need for dryer sheets .
I was a firm lover of these until I found that I could take aluminum foil , ball it up , and toss it in the dryer with the wet laundry .
It removes static and never has to be changed .
I 've been using the same aluminum foil ball for over 6 months .
The aluminum foil balls I use are approximately 2 - 3 inches in diameter ... tightly rolled .
I use 2 or 3 of them with heavier loads or with large blankets / comforters .
It ’s no good for a family values Republican to get picked up on a DUI .
But substantially worse to get picked up for a DUI after leaving a gay nightclub with an unidentified man in a state vehicle .
That ’s the sorry state that befell California state Senator Roy Ashburn ( R - Bakersfield ) early Wednesday . [ [ SLIDESHOW : Greatest GOP Sex Scandals ] ]
In better days Ashburn , a fierce opponent of gay rights , was fighting marriage equality and organizing anti-gay marriage rallies as part of his “ Traditional Family Values ” campaign .
But he hit a bump in the road — figuratively , not literally — Wednesday at around 2 AM when CHP officers observed him weaving and driving erratically in downtown Sacramento .
After a field sobriety test , officers determined that Ashburn , who reeked of alcohol and had bloodshot , watery eyes , was under the influence of alcohol and placed him under arrest .
He was released from jail just before 4 AM .
Initial reports only noted the DUI arrest and Ashburn issued a contrite apology on Wednesday .
But late this evening , the CBS affiliate in Sacramento reported that “ sources ” confirmed that Ashburn had left Faces , a gay nightclub in downtown Sacramento , just prior to his arrest .
The state issued black Chevrolet Tahoe Ashburn was driving has been impounded at the state Capitol .
Late Update :
You can follow all of our coverage of the Ashburn case here .
Imagine you were the Chair of the Federal Communications Commission .
One day someone came to you with an offer :
Sell us a chunk of spectrum in the Advanced Wireless Services ( AWS ) band ( 1.9GHz to 2.1GHz ) .
We 'll create a fast broadband service with some of it , and with the rest we 'll build a free 768 Kbps wireless network , rolled out to most Americans over a ten - year period .
We 'll even pay the US Treasury a percentage of our revenue , and fund the service with our own capital , partnership deals , and ads .
Why would n't you seriously consider this idea ?
Your agency knows that millions of low - income Americans do n't use the Internet , in large part because they can't afford broadband .
You know that while your own National Broadband Plan has a set of fixes for this problem , they must walk over a long , rickety bridge of proceedings , rulemakings , and Congressional actions to reach the implementation stage , and some may never get there .
You also know that the best way to reach the promised land — universal Internet adoption — is to facilitate many experiments , even if you think some might fail .
There is a company making that offer , by the way : M2Z Networks .
For four years M2Z has been asking for a chance to try its idea out .
The Commission has even formally proposed ( but never voted on ) implementing M2 Z 's plan .
Now , the company is teaming up with County Executives of America .
CTA represents 700 counties and has applied for broadband stimulus money .
If the association gets its requested $ 122 million in community infrastructure funds , it will partner with M2Z to roll out the service to 13 participating counties , their residents , and the respective regional public safety agencies .
From there , the venture , if it wins funding , will extend free wireless across the nation , county by county .
But there 's a catch .
The only way that the National Telecommunications and Information Agency 's broadband stimulus fund is going to fork over this cash is if the FCC greenlights the use of that spectrum .
And while the NBP mentions the free wireless concept , the FCC says it wo n't make decisions about the AWS band until it has completed a consultation with the NTIA that goes through October 1 .
That 's one day after NTIA is expected to announce its last round of stimulus awards .
" We can not get an answer from the FCC , yes or no , " M2Z CEO John Muletta lamented to us on Wednesday .
" We 're got the right hand of the government saying we want you to build this .
On the left hand the government is not making decisions . "
Maybe it 's time for the FCC to transmit or get off the router on this issue .
Either let this project happen , or tell the company to take a hike .
Here are the standard objections to the M2Z plan .
1. Does n't the M2Z proposal include a " family friendly " filter to block out smut ?
Not any more .
That was the original idea , but the concept took a huge hit from civil liberties , publishing , and Internet openness groups .
Finally , former FCC Chair Kevin Martin , who first embraced the M2Z plan , announced in late 2008 that he had removed the family - friendly filter idea from the scheme .
So now the proposal is for an uncensored , open - device system .
2 . Is n't the FCC basically picking winners , losers , and business models here ?
Is n't that inappropriate ?
That was the protest you heard from various wireless companies back when the FCC first put this idea on the table .
The complaint is starting to sound a little dated with the wireless industry 's major trade association calling for the Commission to help broker a massive transfer of spectrum from the television bands to mobile service companies .
The FCC's National Broadband Plan says it wants to do this via " incentive auctions . "
" This sharing of proceeds creates appropriate incentives for incumbents to cooperate with the FCC in reallocating their licensed spectrum to services that the market values more highly , " the NBP explains .
Let 's face it : regulators , in consultation with stakeholders , approve and perpetuate what amount to business models .
The only time the latter complain is when they think it 's the wrong model .
3 . The FCC 's proposal would facilitate an auction favoring one company : M2Z .
Yes , and it's a legitimate concern .
( Though see above re : business models .
The FCC puts license conditions on auctions all the time , and it laid down some pretty strict business rules concerning openness during its last major auction . )
4 . Wo n't this proposal interfere with neighboring bands ?
In 2008 , wireless companies that own spectrum around the AWS area insisted that the M2Z concept posed an interference threat .
So the FCC's Office of Engineering and Technology holed up around a Boeing plant in Seattle , Washington and tested the scheme for days .
The OET concluded that these interference concerns could be handled .
Having gotten the tests they asked for , big wireless turned around and declared that the OET was wrong .
License interference is a serious issue .
But it 's getting a bit wearisome to watch wireless companies denounce OET decisions they do n't like while proclaiming their faith in the department in other interference fights , such as the feud between Sirius XM Radio and license holders in the Wireless Communications Service .
The evaluating and testing that everyone wanted is done .
The OET should have the last word here .
5. 768 Kbps ?
That 's pretty slow Internet .
It sure is n't the speed that we want on our laptops and smartphones .
We pointed that out to Muletta , who pushed back that the plan is n't targeted at us .
It 's aimed at the millions of low income people who desperately need to get in on the ground floor of the Internet experience — not for online movies and games , but because you can't apply for a job or go to school anymore without broadband .
" Lots of people do n't subscribe to any form of broadband because of price , " Muletta insists .
" They 're not asking for 100 Mbps .
They can't afford it .
Free matters a heck of a lot to people who do n't have basic services . "
And once they get basic broadband , Muletta added , plenty of relatively low - income folks might move onto a subscription plan , putting money into the coffers of the very same industries whose lawyers currently oppose M2Z .
" Let 's let these low - income consumers decide if they do n't like free 768 Kbps , " Muletta argued .
" Let 's not patronizingly decide for them . "
6. Can M2Z get this job done ?
We 've been talking with M2Z about this issue for years .
" We believe in the network , " John Muletta always tells us .
" We believe that the network is profitable . "
What network , we wonder ?
It has n't even been built yet , except in Muletta 's mind .
But that 's not a criticism , exactly .
Being something of a fanatic is what it takes to get these visions off the ground , though we 're certainly curious to see if M2Z ( which is backed by venture capital groups like Kleiner Perkins ) can deliver .
So we 're back where we were at the beginning of this post , asking the same question .
Why would n't the FCC want to authorize this proposal ?
Sure , it 's risky .
But ca n't that be said for about half the agency 's National Broadband Plan ?
One of the FCC's Commissioners , former agency Chair Michael Copps , keeps talking about the virtues of public / private partnerships and the New Deal .
The New Deal was a period of experimentation .
Many ideas were tried .
Some failed .
Some succeeded .
A national free wireless service might be worth a try , providing some basic access to most Americans at little cost to the government — but if the FCC thinks otherwise , the Commissioners should finally say so and tell its advocates to move on .
TCS counseling professionals are all qualified and licensed Clinical Psychologists .
Our Psychotherapists are qualified and registered by The Japan Federation for Psychotherapy .
Tokyo Counseling Services mental health counseling professionals are qualified JSCCP Clinical Psychologists licensed to practice in Japan .
Every Psychotherapist at TCS holds the Japanese Certificate for Psychotherapy and is qualified and legitimately registered as a Psychotherapist by The Japan Federation for Psychotherapy .
Our counselors provide individual counseling , couples counseling , marriage counseling and family counseling .
Counseling and therapy services are available in English , Korean , and Japanese for all residents living in the Tokyo Metropolis and Kanto region .
Telephone Tokyo 5431-3096
Palm CEO
Jon Rubinstein is considering licensing his WebOS platform to other hardware makers , he tells the FT .
This after his turnaround effort has stalled and Palm 's best hope appears to be an acquisition -- if it can find a buyer .
But it 's hard to see how licensing will be a success for Rubinstein and Palm .
The biggest problem is that Google Android is running away as the non-Apple mobile platform leader , and we do n't know any reasons why a company would prefer to pay Palm to rent WebOS instead of just using Android , which is free and open - source .
Unlike WebOS , Android is beginning to receive significant consumer and developer traction .
It has far more apps , developers , and hardware partners than Palm 's platform .
And if a hardware company 's goal is to use a platform with mainstream adoption and a lot of apps , it seems that Android would be the more logical choice than WebOS .
Bigger picture , the mobile and apps industries are becoming a waltz of elephants , and there wo n't be more than a few platform winners .
It 's clear that Palm has a very slim chance of catching up to Apple and Google .
So why would a company make a big bet on the third - ( or fourth - ) best player when it can bet on the second - best ?
Some exceptions could be if a company were to want to use WebOS for a wholly different device , like an e-reader or Web tablet , where Android 's existing smartphone apps are n't helpful .
( We 'd love to hear other examples . )
But even then , it seems more productive to morph Android for those purposes , as several companies are already doing , because the Android - trained developer community will still be bigger .
And , to be sure , perhaps there are some technical things -- power consumption , 3D graphics , etc. -- that WebOS does better that might make a difference and give Palm 's platform an advantage .
Let us know if you can think of any that might upset our argument .
Another licensing problem for Palm is that it would require a TON of licensed device sales to make enough money to matter to Palm , which is burning cash .
Microsoft 's Windows Mobile licensing system -- which had been a decent success in terms of adoption before Microsoft let its OS decay -- never generated any meaningful revenue for Microsoft .
( Palm , a former Windows Mobile licensee , surely knows this . )
Palm has tried to license its software in the past , if you recall , which caused all sorts of trouble .
This led to Palm 's product and platform divisions working ( unproductively ) in isolation from each other , and it later led to a Palm spin - off -- Handspring , founded by Palm 's original team -- building better products with PalmOS than Palm did itself .
Palm later acquired Handspring , and one of its executives , Ed Colligan , was CEO of Palm until Rubinstein took over less than a year ago .
( " Piloting Palm , " the history of Palm 's first life , co-written by David Pogue , is a great read , if you 're interested in this sort of stuff . )
But that does n't seem like the kind of history that is going to repeat itself .
So while licensing WebOS might make a sexy story to tell potential acquirers or Wall Street , it 's not going to save Palm .
" A lot of times when I have writer 's block , I 'll go get on the train , " he said .
" There 's a lot of distractions , and when you sit down on a train you do n't have access to any of that . "
Mobile - area scientists warned BP PLC officials and Coast Guard Adm .
Thad Allen a week ago that the use of dispersants both on the surface and underwater
could have grave consequences for the Gulf ecosystem .
The scientists , Bob Shipp of the University of South Alabama and George Crozier of the Dauphin Island Sea Lab , said they felt their concerns were ignored at the time .
BP did not respond to the Press - Register 's questions .
Dispersants have been used -- mostly in surface applications -- almost every day since the Deepwater Horizon rig exploded on April 20 , killing 11 people and starting the massive spill .
problems foreseen
U.S. Coast Guard officials have apparently known for years that there could be significant problems in the federal and industry response to a major oil spill .
The report that followed a 2004 " Spill of National Significance " training exercise concluded , " Oil spill response personnel did not appear to have even a basic knowledge of the equipment required to support salvage or spill clean up operations . "
It continued , " as a result , some issues and complex processes unique to spill response were not effectively addressed . "
Read the complete story : Coast Guard officials told of potential oil spill response problems years ago
Thursday , the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency , which approved the use of more than 655,000 gallons of dispersant chemicals so far , announced that the chemical in use for the last month was too toxic .
BP was ordered to find another dispersant by midnight Thursday .
Dispersant chemicals are used to break oil into tiny drops that become suspended in the water column .
At least some of the water quality testing recently conducted by the EPA around the spill site suggests dispersed oil may have begun to impact oxygen levels in the water .
About 600,000 gallons of Corexit dispersant has been applied to oil floating on the Gulf 's surface .
Another 55,000 gallons has been applied underwater , according to federal officials , with most of the underwater application coming in the last week .
Federal officials approved the underwater use before conducting basic environmental tests , Crozier said .
Data sheets with ecological information about the Corexit dispersant include this statement : " No toxicity studies have been conducted on this product . "
Crozier said Wednesday that he and other scientists were contacted a week earlier by a BP official who wanted to discuss underwater dispersant use .
That official told him that BP would start a testing program Saturday , Crozier said .
EPA and the U.S. Coast Guard approved the increased use of underwater dispersant the day before the testing was to begin .
" How could that have happened before they 'd even conducted any of the testing they told me about ? " said Crozier .
" I 'm losing faith in the system . "
Crozier said it was clear to him in his conversation with the BP scientist that using dispersant underwater was a forgone conclusion and that the BP scientist was not interested in Crozier 's scientific opinion .
" He spent the first five minutes lecturing me about the dispersant toxicity .
I told him I was n't worried about that .
I was worried about the toxicity of the dispersed oil .
He did n't want to address that , " Crozier said .
Shipp , head of the University of South Alabama 's marine sciences department and president of the federal Gulf of Mexico Fishery Management Council , said the BP scientists he spoke with " were not listening to us at all . "
Shipp and Crozier both identified the BP representative as Peter Carragher , a company vice president and scientist .
Both said they were unsure of the spelling of the man 's last name .
The Press - Register found a short online biography for Peter Carragher , head of discipline for exploration , on BP 's website .
The biography described Carragher as a geologist .
" He was lecturing me on my lack of knowledge about the marine environment .
I told him we were most concerned about the oil getting in the food web if they sink it with dispersants , " Shipp said .
" When we started talking about the sediments and the food web , they turned off .
They were all about chemical reactions and that sort of thing .
They just kept saying , ' EPA approved it . ' "
Some of the data released by the EPA on Thursday indicates that oxygen levels in the area around the spill were on the threshold of being too low to support life .
Subsequent data collected with a different type of instrument indicated that oxygen levels were fine , according to the agency .
The scientists said that when the oil was allowed to come to the surface , many of the most toxic components -- hexane , benzene , other volatile gases -- were evaporating .
But when the oil is trapped underwater through the use of dispersants , those toxic chemicals also are trapped in the water .
Plus , the breakdown of the oil by aquatic microbes robs the water of oxygen .
" The concerns about a hypoxic ( low - oxygen ) issue are very real , " Crozier said .
" Whether it happens , how fast it happens , I can't predict , but the idea of that much microbial activity using oxygen , that is totally predictable . "
Crozier said he fears that a decision was made to protect beaches in the short term at the risk of jeopardizing the long - term health of the Gulf .
Alfie McKenzie said he was " very serious " about politics
A 14 - year - old boy from Lancashire who voted in the general election said he did it because he " wanted to make a difference " .
Alfie McKenzie , from Poulton - le - Fylde , voted for the Liberal Democrats in the Wyre and Preston North constituency , after being sent a polling card .
He was only caught when he confided in a teacher at school .
His head teacher called the local council and police .
Ben Wallace won the seat for the Conservatives with a 15,844 majority .
Wyre Borough Council and Lancashire police have both said they are investigating .
Alfie went to his local polling station before school on Thursday , wearing a trench coat , glasses , jeans and smart shoes so officials would " think I was a Tory " .
" I knew they would n't suspect an under - 18 for voting Tory , " he said .
Alfie said he was " very serious " about politics and socialism , but decided to vote Liberal Democrat as a tactical option .
He said : " There 's not a socialist candidate in our area and unfortunately even if there was it would be a wasted vote .
I 've looked into it and the best option for a socialist is the Liberal Democrats .
" I did want to make a difference - unfortunately I did n't . "
Alfie 's mum , Nadine Wiseman , said she had asked him not to vote , after he received the polling card , but she " was n't surprised " when he did .
If you 're hoping to rent a copy of " Avatar " through Netflix when the hit movie comes to DVD this month , keep waiting .
Netflix has signed deals with Universal Studios and 20th Century Fox that will delay the arrival of new releases by 28 days .
The mail - order rental service already has a similar agreement with Warner Bros .
" Avatar , " will be the first new DVD release from 20th Century Fox affected by the deal .
The DVD is due on April 22 , but wo n't arrive on Netflix until May 20 .
Universal 's deal will kick off with " It 's Complicated , " which will arrive on May 25 instead of April 27 .
On the bright side , the deal will boost Netflix 's catalog of streaming online video , which is free to subscribers .
Notably ,
Fox will bring several TV shows to the streaming service , including all but the current seasons of " 24 " and " Lie to Me , " and the entire series of " Arrested Development " and " Buffy the Vampire Slayer . "
The agreement with Universal brings such films as " Gosford Park , " " Being John Malkovich " and " Do the Right Thing . "
Movie studios are interested in deals like this as they try to protect DVD sales and video on - demand purchases .
However , Blockbuster has agreements with Warner , Universal and Fox to get movie rentals on the day of DVD release , even for its mail - order and online services .
Universal and Fox were given first lien on Blockbuster 's 459 stores in Canada in exchange , The Wall Street Journal reports .
Next time you see Blockbuster touting how its the only place to get new releases , as it has with Warners ' " Sherlock Holmes , " deals like these are the reason why .
If you 're a Netflix subscriber , your feelings about this deal will of course depend on how you use the service .
Personally , instant streaming was the main lure for me , not new releases .
I 'd much rather have the entire season of " Arrested Development " available on my iPad and Xbox 360 than watch a 2D version of " Avatar " on DVD .
And I 've been meaning to finally watch " Being John Malkovich " for a long time .
Ca n't say the same thing about " It 's Complicated . "
This story , " Netflix Delays Universal and Fox New Releases , including Avatar " was originally published by PCWorld .
The sign outside Chris Restaurant in Brooklyn listed some staples of Caribbean cuisine among its offerings : homemade fried chicken , jerk chicken and stew fish .
But according to the authorities , there was one item that it apparently did not advertise , at least not openly — marijuana .
Law enforcement officials on Tuesday accused workers at the restaurant , and at five other nearby businesses in Crown Heights , of peddling hundreds of pounds of marijuana along with potato chips , vegetarian entrees and incense .
Outside Chris Restaurant , some people who said that they had spent their money inside said they never noticed anything that seemed illegal taking place .
But one man , Tony Richards , 38 , who works as a house painter and a plasterer in the neighborhood , said he had noticed one thing about the place .
“ You see people go in and come out with a brown bag , ” he said , adding that he assumed the bags held carry - out food .
The police raided the six businesses on Tuesday after an undercover operation and arrested eight people who worked at the businesses on a variety of charges , law enforcement authorities said .
There were two restaurants , a deli , a bodega , a clothing shop and a music store .
None of the owners had been arrested , officials said .
Iranian lesbian activist Kiana Firouz is currently seeking asylum in the United Kingdom after a controversy over the upcoming release of Cul de Sac .
The film , which stars Firouz and includes explicit lesbian sex scenes , is based heavily on Firouz ’s life and struggles as a lesbian in Iran .
Directors Ramin Goudarzi -Nejad and Mahshad Torkan posted the trailer on YouTube in December 2009 and since then , the Iranian government has attempted to deport Firouz back to Iran to be tried and punished for her crime of homosexuality .
Firouz applied for refugee status in the UK , but was rejected .
If she is not granted asylum in the UK , she will be sent back to Iran , where the minimum punishment for homosexuality is 100 lashes .
The punishment for “ unrepentant ” homosexuality , which Firouz ’s LGBTQ activism clearly demonstrates , is public execution by hanging .
To sign a petition asking for asylum in the UK endorsed by Firouz herself , click here .
Send a letter asking for amnesty for Firouz here :
Minister of State ( Borders and Immigration ) –
Home Office , 2 Marsham Street
London SW1P 4DF
Fax : +44 870 336 9034
Secretary of State for the Home Department –
Home Office , 2 Marsham Street
London SW1P 4DF
Fax : +44 20 7035 0900
A form letter can be found here .
There is a Facebook support group here .
Share this article .
News | Guitar World Column | Interviews | Pictures | Album Reviews | Gig Reviews | Release Dates | History | Articles | Setlists | Upcoming | Contact Ronnie James Dio Public Memorial Service : Event Report By Aniruddh " Andrew " Bansal May 30th 2010 , Forest Lawn , Hollywood Hills CA :
This was a truly special day , one that will remain in my heart and memory for the rest of my life .
It was a privilege to be a part of it and here I am now trying my utmost best to do justice to it and provide you with a recap whilst I listen to some beautiful , timeless classics from the Rainbow catalogue .
We got there at around 11.30 in the morning .
I saw three protesters who were here to represent the Westboro Baptist Church .
They were n't allowed inside the main gates of Forest Lawn as it's a private property , so they were standing outside , quite a distance away from the Hall of Liberty , and that 's about the closest they got to achieving whatever their aim was .
We drove up to park just outside the hall .
At this time of the day , the line of people waiting to get in was decent at best and most of the people were scattered around the space .
There was a separate queue to buy the commemorative shirts , with all of the proceeds from the sale going to the Ronnie James Dio Stand Up And Shout Cancer Benefit Fund .
I went into the lobby to have a look around .
In the outer room they had portraits of Dio , a table full of flowers and posters given by fans .
Further inside there was a table covered with a white cloth being filled by tributes written by one and all , myself included .
The tribute pieces given by Dio's colleagues and musician friends were displayed as well .
I would like to share what I wrote on that white sheet : " You rocked my world .
Your lyrics and music have and will continue to inspire me every day of my life .
The world will not be the same without you "
After this I was just walking around outside trying to find and talk to people I knew .
I have tremendous respect for all the people who came out for this event , specially those who came early .
It was a sizeable gathering that was increasing steadily as time was passing by .
The seating inside was very limited I was told , holding a total of merely 600 people .
This meant that most of the people were going to have to remain outside .
But the organizers had taken care of this aspect as well .
There was a giant screen and chairs set up just outside the hall .
It was nearing 2 o ' clock and I went in to grab myself a seat in the balcony .
The event began with a rendition of the song ' This Was Your Life ' by Heaven And Hell keyboardist Scott Warren .
Eddie Trunk , host on VH1 Classic 's ' That Metal Show ' and various radio broadcasts , was our host for the night .
He introduced himself and expressed how privileged he felt to be given a chance to do it .
The whole event was a unique eulogy through musical performances that chronicled Dio 's glorious life .
So , the proceedings began with a live performance of two songs from the pre-Rainbow days , ' Singing In A Dream ' and ' Homeward ' from an album called Butterfly Ball .
The performers included Oni Logan from Lynch Mob and early years Dio keyboardist Claude Schnell .
The first speech of the day came from Dio's high school friend Harold .
He shared some great stories from back in the day , telling us about rock concerts that cost merely a nickel .
After this , Eddie told us some little known facts such as Dio playing trumpet at the age of 7 but giving it up to pursue vocals .
Some pictures of Dio's childhood and teenage years , including group photos of his earliest bands were shown on the screen and people inside the hall were in complete admiration even as they broke out into laughter on some of those .
We had started doing the chants of ' Dio! Dio ! Dio ! ' already and this was just the beginning .
The next person who went up on stage to speak touched our hearts with his tribute , none other than Ronnie 's son Dan Padavona .
His words were emotional but even then he kept it endearingly funny for the most part .
He talked about how his father and Dimebag Darrell must be playing together in heaven .
This brought some loud cheers from the audience .
He ended his deeply thoughtful speech with the words ' Dad , I love you ' as he threw up the devil horns and looked skyward .
Eddie continued from where Dan left off , telling us about a phone conversation he had with Ronnie a few months back .
He had called Ronnie to lift his spirits up after news of the cancer but Ronnie ended up lifting Eddie 's spirits up , showing how cheerful and nice a human being he really was .
Moving on to Ronnie 's next band Elf , a song of theirs was played on the screen .
Ronnie 's connection with the fans has been widely known , and after the Elf song , his cousin Dave threw light on some of this with some of his road stories .
The cheers and chants in the crowd became a lot louder as Rainbow was the next band to be talked about .
Before the next set of live performances , Ronnie 's long - time booking agent for gigs outside the US Neil Warnock came on stage to give his input to the proceedings by yet more amusing anecdotes .
' Catch The Rainbow ' and ' Rainbow Eyes ' were performed by a group of musicians that included Rudy Sarzo of Dio , Ozzy and Quiet Riot fame .
From time to time , Eddie kept mentioning and addressing the fans watching from outside the hall , a very nice gesture on his part .
Next he read out an announcement that had come in from the Los Angeles council .
We listened to it in amazement and sheer delight as May 30th was officially sanctioned as Ronnie James Dio day in Los Angeles .
I love this city and it definitely loves its rock n' roll .
The inevitable moment fans were waiting for had arrived in the eulogy , the Black Sabbath era .
A classic live video of Neon Knights was played on screen , following which Sabbath crew member Nick Jackson shared the most amazing road story with us from a gig at Hammersmith Odeon back in the day , where he blew three holes into the stage via a pyro mess - up and how it ended up getting great press for the band instead of him losing his job .
Ronnie 's personal assistant Willie added to the fun by adding his experiences .
' Sing me a song , you 're a singer ! ' chanted the crowd as John Payne from the band Asia performed the title track from the Heaven And Hell record .
He did complete justice to it through his version of it , after which it time to move on to the Dio solo band .
Guitarist Craig Goldy came up on stage amongst huge applause to pay his homage and tribute to the great man .
Everyone who had spoken so far and spoke during the rest of the day , were all connected to Ronnie in their own unique ways , having their own different stories and experiences , and none of them failing to mention the love Ronnie had for wife Wendy , who was in attendance of course .
Some clips from the Sacred Heart era of the band were shown , following which came a performance that literally floored me .
Joey Belladonna from Anthrax sang ' Man On The Silver Mountain ' .
It was a beautiful tribute by a great voice to the greatest one and the choice of song was perfect .
Drummer Simon Wright and roadie Big Scott were the next people to grace the stage with touching yet humorous stories of theirs .
Paul Shortino from the bands Quiet Riot and Rough Cut did something different compared to the other performers , choosing to perform a John Lennon song instead of one featuring Dio .
Before doing so he also mentioned how much he started missing John Lennon when he had passed away , and he feels the same today for Ronnie .
Every possible facet of Ronnie 's career was covered here as we even had some footage from Ronnie 's collaboration with Ian Gillan for the London Symphony Orchestra shown to us .
Glenn Hughes , former vocalist for both Deep Purple and Black Sabbath , quite a rare feat in itself , came on to give the first of his two performances , singing and playing guitar on ' Coast to Coast ' .
For me he definitely stole the show .
It was one of the most amazing voices I 've heard in a long time .
Ronnie 's final band Heaven And Hell was talked about next .
The clips from the 2007 New York show on screen really proved how timeless Dio 's voice really was .
He sounded as good at 65 as he did at 30 .
Eddie shared with us the most incredible fact about that show , telling us that Ronnie was actually sick before and during that gig .
Even though all of Ronnie 's bands had been chronicled already , the event was n't over yet .
Scott Warren came back on , this time to speak , followed by a message from Jack Black and a video clip from the Pick Of Destiny movie .
That famous movie clip featuring Ronnie brought rapturous cheers and whistles from the audience .
I was thrilled to see Geoff Tate from Queensryche on stage to perform ' Hallelujah ' with his ensemble of musicians .
It was a voice that truly fitted the monumental occasion .
There was just one more live performance to come , but we got plenty more to witness , including a message from the currently touring Motorhead and a clip of Ronnie being inducted into the Guitar Center Hollywood Rock Walk .
Children Of The Night was a charity Ronnie did a lot of work for , and the founder of the organisation spoke a few words on what it was about and how Ronnie got involved .
The all - star jam for Hear N ' Aid was also talked about and shown on screen .
The final speeches of the day were by Dr. Kapoor and Adam Parsons .
Kapoor was the doctor who remained with Ronnie till his last breath , like Wendy .
His story was intense , to say the least .
He also talked about the new cancer benefit fund set up in Ronnie 's name and urged us to make a contribution to it .
A most fitting end to this very , very special event came from Glenn Hughes who lent his voice to the timeless Rainbow classic ' Catch The Rainbow ' .
I for one was left completely speechless .
From the speeches to the video clips to the performances , everything about this event was spectacular .
I am sure the man himself would be happy seeing this .
If you think we gathered here to mourn the death of Ronnie James Dio , you are completely wrong .
We were here to celebrate his life and to prove that even though he is n't with us anymore , he always will be .
The following words are befitting to the timeless and ageless legend that he will remain to be .
I 'm a wheel , I 'm a wheel
I can roll , I can feel
And you can't stop me turning
Cause I 'm the sun , I 'm the sun
I can move , I can run
But you 'll never stop me burning
* EADS looking for partner after second bid setback
* Must declare bid for U.S. tanker deal by May 10
* EADS still in talks with possible partners - sources
* Shares up 1.19 pct
By Tim Hepher
PARIS , April 16 ( Reuters ) - Twice - jilted EADS EAD .
PA faced a dwindling set of options as the Airbus parent firm sought without a much - needed partner on Friday to preserve its hopes of bidding for a refuelling plane deal in the United States .
The European company has been left solo for the second time in as many months as it ponders a politically charged bid to challenge Boeing BA.N for an American defence deal worth up to $ 50 billion , sources close to the matter said .
EADS executives met a week ago with advanced plans to launch a bid with U.S. defence contractor L - 3 Communications LLL.N as its key supplier .
But sources said the U.S. company had backed away leaving a sombre mood in the European camp .
[ ID : nN15214199 ]
“ Overnight they went from positive to more negative , ” one person familiar with the matter said , asking not to be named .
L - 3 declined on Thursday to comment about the talks .
An EADS spokesman said it continued to examine its options and declined further comment .
EADS shares were up 1.19 percent at 14.94 euros by 1300 GMT , outperforming the European market .
STOXX .
EADS had been hunting for a partner after Northrop Grumman NOC.N withdrew support last month .
A U.S. partner is necessary to install classified systems on Airbus A330 jetliners which would be assembled and adapted for air tanker use in Alabama .
EADS and Northrop won a previous U.S. Air Force tanker contest in 2008 .
The Pentagon cancelled the deal after government auditors upheld a Boeing protest and launched a new tender .
EADS must say by May 10 whether it intends to take part in the contest .
Only a handful of companies are seen as likely partners and analysts said EADS faced the additional hurdle of mounting pressure ahead of Congressional elections in November .
“ Given that the United States is looking more inward , the options for EADS are clearly running out , ” said Howard Wheeldon , senior strategist at BGC Partners in London .
“ I am reluctant to say it is the end of the road , but I am hard - pressed to find anyone else they can move in with as a junior or equal partner . ”
EADS officials are still in talks with some U.S. companies , including possibly L - 3 and Raytheon Co RTN.N , although time for sealing a pact is running out , according to several sources who were not authorized to speak on the record .
INDUSTRIAL BASE
Some U.S. analysts have blamed EADS ’s difficulties on a wider dispute over aircraft subsidies and the size of its own plane .
It has been heavily criticised in Congress after the World Trade Organisation ( WTO ) ruled it had received unfair civil jet subsidies .
Airbus supporters argue the issues are not linked and claim a preliminary confidential verdict on a European counter - suit at the WTO , due in June , will be equally embarrassing for Boeing .
Norm Dicks , a Democrat congressman from Washington , where Boeing would manufacture many of its tankers , said concerns over the health of U.S. industry outweighed the benefits of competition .
“ Personally , I hope they do n’t bid , ” Dicks , chairman of the House of Representatives Defense Appropriations subcommittee , told reporters on Thursday .
“ We ’ve already had a competition .
We know what their numbers are .
I think that their plane ’s too big . ”
When Northrop withdrew , it said the Pentagon ’s rules for the competition favoured Boeing ’s smaller 767 .
French President Nicolas Sarkozy said last month EADS would bid for the plane contract if the rules were fair and President Barack Obama said they would be both fair and transparent .
Defence sources said EADS had not given up on a bid but Wheeldon said the tensions may have longer - term implications .
" Apart from ( Britain's ) BAE Systems BAES.L , transatlantic consolidation led by Europe is now dead .
There may still be some doors open to transatlantic consolidation led by the U.S. , but not in the immediate future . "
( Additional reporting by Andrea Shalal - Esa , Jim Wolf ; Editing by Sharon Lindores )
The connection between dog grooming and the Gulf of Mexico oil spill might seem , at first blush , a tenuous one at best -- but thanks to a charity called Matter of Trust , the two seemingly incongruous things are linked in a great way .
The San Francisco - based organization has advocated environmental education and the repurposing of surplus materials for eco-friendly projects since its inception in 1998 .
A few years later , the group began using both human hair and pet fur to create mats that are oil - adsorbent -- a term that means that oil clings to the mats , rather than being absorbed into them -- and can be used to help contain oil spills .
" You shampoo your hair because it gets greasy , " hairstylist and oil spill hair mat inventor Phil McCrory explains on Matter of Trust 's website .
" Hair is very efficient at collecting oil out of the air , off surfaces like your skin and out of the water , even petroleum oil . "
Compassion .
Self - understanding .
Morality .
Emotional stability .
These words would seem to describe at least some of the universal traits attributed to wisdom , each of them broadly recognized and valued .
In fact , there is no enduring , consistent definition of what it means exactly to be wise .
It is a virtue widely treasured but essentially unexplained , a timeless subject only now attracting rigorous , scientific scrutiny .
In 2009 , Dilip V. Jeste , MD , and Thomas W. Meeks , MD , both professors in the department of psychiatry at the University of California , San Diego and researchers at the Sam and Rose Stein Institute for Research on Aging , published a paper proposing that sagacity might have a neurobiological basis .
In other words , that wisdom is wired .
In the June issue of The Gerontologist and currently online , Jeste and Meeks go further , attempting to identify the central , unifying elements that define wisdom .
With colleagues from four other universities , Jeste and Meeks asked a group of international experts to characterize the traits of wisdom , intelligence and spirituality -- and measure how each trait is either similar to or different from the others .
" There are several major definitions of wisdom , but no single definition that is all - inclusive and embraces every important aspect of wisdom , " said Jeste , who is the Estelle and Edgar Levi Chair in Aging , professor of psychiatry and neuroscience and chief of geriatric psychiatry at UC San Diego .
" Intelligence and spirituality share features with wisdom , but they are not the same thing .
One can be intelligent , yet lack practical knowledge .
Spirituality is often associated with age , like wisdom , but most researchers tend to define wisdom in secular terms , not spiritual . "
The research consisted of a two - part survey and a questionnaire comprised of 53 statements related to the concepts of wisdom , intelligence and spirituality .
Fifty - seven experts were identified and contacted by email ; 30 responded .
advertisement
Phase 1 of the survey revealed significant group differences among the concepts on 49 of 53 statements .
Wisdom differed from intelligence on 46 of 49 items , and from spirituality on 31 items .
In Phase 2 , the definition of wisdom was further refined by focusing upon 12 items from the Phase 1 results .
Most of the experts , Jeste and Meeks said , agreed that wisdom could be characterized thus :
It is uniquely human .
It is a form of advanced cognitive and emotional development that is experience - driven .
It is a personal quality , albeit rare .
It can be learned , increases with age and can be measured .
It is probably not enhanced by taking medication .
The survey was conducted using the Delphi method , developed by the RAND Corporation in the 1950s and based on the principle that forecasts from a structured group of experts are more accurate than those from unstructured groups or individuals .
The paper 's authors identified 60 recognized experts on wisdom in the world , focusing upon those outside their own institutions .
The nominees were required to have at least two peer - reviewed publications on wisdom or spirituality , though the number of total publications was not the sole criterion for selection .
The survey asked participating experts to rate the relevance and importance of six statements ( i.e . " The concept can be applied to human beings . " ) , based upon their knowledge of empirical evidence , to the concepts of intelligence , wisdom and spirituality .
The rating scale ranged from 1 ( definitely not ) to 9 ( definitely so ) .
The experts were then asked to rate the importance of 47 components , such as altruism , practical life skills , sense of humor , realism , willingness to forgive others and self - esteem , to the concepts of wisdom , intelligence and spirituality .
" One survey , of course , cannot fully and completely define wisdom , " said Jeste .
" The value here is that there was considerable agreement among experts that wisdom is indeed a distinct entity with a number of characteristic qualities .
The data from our research should help in designing future empirical studies on wisdom . "
Co-authors of the paper , with Jeste and Meeks , were Monika Ardelt , PhD , of the department of sociology and criminology & law at the University of Florida , Gainesville ; Dan Blazer , MD , PhD , MPH , of the department of psychiatry and behavioral sciences at Duke University in Durham , N.C. ; Helena C. Kraemer , PhD , of the department of psychiatry and behavioral sciences at Stanford University in Palo Alto , Ca. ; and George Vaillant , MD , of the department of psychiatry at Harvard University and Brigham and Women 's Hospital in Boston , Mass .
The Parasites in Labour ’s Brain
It ’s time we stopped voting fearfully , and rewarding the most right - wing government the UK has had since 1945 .
By George Monbiot , published in the Guardian 4th may 2010
Cling onto nurse for fear of something worse .
Though she has become crabbed and vicious , though she has usurped our parents , swiped our inheritance , binned our toys and sold the nursery , we must cower behind her skirts for fear of the beasts that prowl beyond .
This , in essence , is what Polly Toynbee , Jonathan Freedland , Seumas Milne and Nick Cohen are now telling us to do ( 1,2,3,4 ) .
By instructing us , over the years , to heed fears , not hopes , such voices have allowed Labour to abandon everything it once stood for , and hand us , trussed and oven - ready , to big business and the Daily Mail .
We ’ll be trapped like this forever , in New Labour ’s Bermuda triangulation , unless we vote for what we believe in rather than just against what we do n’t .
This paralysing fear has licensed four tragic developments .
It has allowed a parliamentary consensus to form that is well to the right of public feeling , alienating voters .
It has created space for ideas – such as the creeping privatisation of almost everything – which were unacceptable to previous generations .
It has allowed the Conservatives to appeal to moderate swing voters : if there is so little that divides the two parties , such voters figure , can the Tories really be so bad ?
And it has permitted a once - progressive party to form the most rightwing government this country has suffered since 1945 .
Let us begin where my colleagues claim the party ’s record is strongest : poverty and inequality .
During the first seven years of the Labour government there was real progress on poverty .
But from 2004 onwards the trend went into reverse .
In the three years to 2007 / 8 the number of people in households living on less than 60 % of median income rose by 1.3 million : producing a total better than in 1997 but worse than in 1989 ( 5 ) .
This was before the recession hit , so God knows what the next set of figures will show .
The number of people in extreme poverty ( living on less than 40 % of median income ) never substantially fell : it held steady through the first eight years of Labour government , then rose .
There are now 700,000 more people in this condition than when Labour took office , and more than at any point since records began ( 6 ) .
The average real incomes of the poorest tenth declined by 2 % in the ten years to 2007 / 8( 7 ) .
These figures , again , pre-date the recession .
The rich , on the other hand , have seldom done better .
Forty per cent of the extra income enjoyed by British households over the Labour years has accrued to the richest 10 % ( 8 ) .
The richest one percent , according to Danny Dorling ’s new book Injustice , have captured a higher share of national income than they have done since the early 1930 s ( 9 ) .
Inequality in the United Kingdom is now higher than at any point since consistent records began , in 1979 ( 10 ) .
I feel that needs repeating .
After 13 years of Labour government , the UK has higher levels of inequality than after 18 years of Tory government .
Why has this happened ?
Partly because Labour shifted taxation from the rich to the poor .
It cut corporation tax from 33 % to 28 % and capital gains tax from 40 % to 18 % .
It introduced an Entrepreneurs ’ Relief scheme , taxing the first million pounds of capital gains at only 10 % ( 11 ) .
It raised the inheritance tax threshold for couples from £ 300,000 to £ 600,000 ( 12 ) .
Yes , the government has introduced and strengthened the minimum wage , and this is real progress .
But it has also blocked employment rights for temporary and agency workers and preserved the opt - out clause in the EU ’s working time directive .
The old workers ’ party has switched allegiance to the bosses , handing key positions to corporate executives and private equity tycoons , even appointing Digby Jones , the neanderthal former head of the CBI , a minister of the Crown .
It reduced workplace inspections ( causing a rise in the number of deaths at work ) ( 13,14 ) , dropped the requirement that meetings between ministers and corporate lobbyists must be recorded ( 15 ) and stopped the corruption case against BAe ( 16 ) .
Having promised to scrap it when in opposition , it has extended the private finance initiative into sectors the Tories did n’t dare to touch .
Labour left sweeteners in PFI contracts for corporations to find ( 17 ) , rigged the figures to make it look as if the scheme delivered value for money ( 18 ) , then had to bail out the private operators when it began to collapse ( 19 ) .
The party also broke its promises to renationalise the railways and take private prisons back into public ownership : the UK now has a higher proportion of its prisoners in corporate jails than the US ( 20 ) .
While Labour has liberated billionaires , it has trussed up the rest of us with 3,500 new criminal offences ( 21 ) , including provisions that allow the police to declare any demonstration illegal ( 22 ) .
It has introduced control orders which place people under permanent house arrest without charge or trial .
It has allowed the US to extradite our citizens without producing evidence of an offence .
It has colluded in kidnapping and torture .
Britain now has more CCTV cameras than any other nation ( 23 ) , and a DNA database five times the size of its nearest competitor ( 24 ) .
The number of prisoners in the UK has risen by 41 % since Labour took office ( 25,26 ) .
This government blocked a ceasefire in Lebanon , sacked the British ambassador to Uzbekistan when he complained that the regime was boiling its prisoners to death ( 27 ) , gave aid to a Colombian military that collaborates with fascist death squads ( 28 ) , announced a policy of pre-emptive nuclear war ( 29 ) and decided to waste our money on replacing Trident .
But worse , far worse than any of this , it launched an illegal war in which hundreds of thousands died .
This is the government colleagues of mine on the Guardian want to save .
There ’s a parasite called Toxoplasma gondii which colonises the brains of rats , altering their behaviour to attract them to the scent of their predators .
The rats seek out cats and get eaten , allowing the parasite to keep circulating .
This is New Labour .
It has colonised a movement which fought for social justice , distribution and decency , rewired its brain and delivered it to the fat cats who were once its enemies .
I understand the hazards of voting for the smaller parties and allowing the right - hand glove puppet to replace the left - hand glove puppet .
I know that the Tories are even worse than this government .
But by voting for the candidates on the list compiled by the democracy campaign Hang ’em ( 30 ) , not all of whom are Liberal Democrats but all of whom are reformers with a good chance of taking or keeping seats , we can break this rotten system while remaining true to our beliefs .
Whatever the outcome of the election , the real fight begins after May 6th , as we build a mass democracy movement which ensures that we can never be colonised by a parasitic political class – of any colour – again .
It starts with a rally in Parliament Square at 2 pm on Saturday ( 31 ) .
During and after this election , we must demand something better , rather than fleeing from something worse .
www.monbiot.com
References :
1 . http://www.guardian.co.uk/commentisfree/2010/may/01/precious-vote-apathy-tactical-voting
2 . http://www.guardian.co.uk/commentisfree/2010/apr/30/leaders-debate-david-cameron-no-10
3 . http://www.guardian.co.uk/commentisfree/2010/apr/28/brown-gaffe-all-progressives-lose
4 . http://www.guardian.co.uk/commentisfree/2010/may/02/nick-cohen-labour-liberal-democrats
5 . http://www.poverty.org.uk/01/index.shtml
6 . http://www.poverty.org.uk/01/index.shtml
7 . http://www.poverty.org.uk/09/index.shtml
8 . http://www.poverty.org.uk/09/index.shtml
9. Daniel Dorling , 2010 .
Figure 14 , page 191 .
Injustice : why social inequality persists .
The Policy Press .
10 .
http://www.poverty.org.uk/09/index.shtml
11 . Labour orginal introduced the threshold at £ 1 m in 2008 , but doubled it in the 2010 budget .
12 . http://www.hm-treasury.gov.uk/d/pbr_csr07_chapter5_244.pdf
13 . Health and Safety Executive , 2008 .
Fatal injury statistics .
http://www.hse.gov.uk/statistics/fatals.htm
14 . SchNEWS , 11th April 2008 .
Issue 628 .
http://www.schnews.org.uk/archive/news628.htm
15 . para 187 .
http://www.publications.parliament.uk/pa/cm200809/cmselect/cmpubadm/36/36i.pdf
16 .
http://www.guardian.co.uk/business/2007/apr/27/arms.foreignaffairs
17 .
https://www.monbiot.com/archives/2006/05/09/an-easter-egg-hunt/
18 . https://www.monbiot.com/archives/2005/06/28/our-very-own-enron/
19 .
http://www.unison.org.uk/acrobat/18461.pdf
20 .
http://www.prisonreformtrust.org.uk/subsection.asp?id=268
21 . http://www.dailymail.co.uk/debate/article-1205676/Paranoid-suspicion-obsessive-surveillance–land-liberty-destroyed-stealth.html
22 . Sections 125- 127 , Serious Organised Crime and Police Act .
http://www.opsi.gov.uk/acts/acts2005/ukpga_20050015_en_12#pt4-pb1-l1g125
23 .
http://www.liberty-human-rights.org.uk/issues/3-privacy/pdfs/liberty-privacy-report.pdf
24 . ibid .
25 . I have based this on two different documents , as I cannot find a continuous series to the present day published by the Statistics Office .
The May 1997 figure comes from this document : www.statistics.gov.uk/STATBASE/Expodata/Spreadsheets/D7361.xls
26 .
The recent figure is here : http://www.justice.gov.uk/publications/docs/population-custody-032010.pdf
27 .
http://www.guardian.co.uk/politics/2004/jul/15/foreignpolicy.uk
28 .
http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2009/apr/29/colombia-uk-military-aid
29 .
This was first mentioned by Geoff Hoon , 24th March 2002 on The Jonathan Dimbleby Show , ITV 1 , and has been reiterated several times since .
30 .
http://hang-em.com/?cat=4
31 . Watch this space : http://www.power2010.org.uk/
The shaky footage shows scenes of chaos , with the dark profiles of Israel missile boats looming in the background .
The Israeli army insisted its troops opened fire only after they were attacked with knives , clubs and even live fire .
Fairfax Journalist Paul McGeough and photographer Kate Geraghty were out of communication for some hours after the clash , sparking concern for their welfare .
" We are pleased to report that Paul McGeough and Kate Geraghty , who are among the most experienced and well - trained Australian foreign correspondents , are safe , and being processed in an Israeli detention centre , " Sydney Morning Herald Editor in Chief Peter Fray said .
" We remain hopeful that they will be allowed to do their job , and that they will have a terrific story to tell when they are released . "
Mr Fray said his company had made representations to the Israeli and Australian governments seeking safe passage for the pair .
Unconfirmed media reports from Hamas ' Al Aqsa television said up to 20 passengers had been killed , of whom nine were Turkish nationals .
The boats are being hauled into Haifa and not Ashdod so that journalists are not there Israeli private channel 10 television reported that Israeli marine commandos had opened fire after being attacked with axes and knives by a number of the passengers on board the aid ships .
It did not give the source of its information .
Paul McGeough with the flotilla
It was not clear whether the clashes took place on just one of the six boats making up the aid convoy .
Hamas - run Al - Aqsa television showed footage of black - clad Israeli commandos descending from helicopters and clashing with activists , as well as several wounded people lying on the deck of the ship .
Israeli Defence Force radio was reporting passengers on board the aid - laden convoy of boats tried to wrest weapons from Israeli soldiers , The Jerusalem Post reported .
The Free Gaza organisation said on Twitter that its lawyer in the northern Israeli coastal city of Haifa said 10 people had been killed .
The group said the boats were being taken into Haifa by the Israeli Defence Force ( IDF ) .
A Turkish diplomat said the Israeli ambassador was summoned to the Turkish foreign ministry today after a Turkish aid ship was stormed .
" The ambassador [ Gabby Levy ] was summoned to the foreign ministry .
We will convey our reaction in the strongest terms , " the diplomat , who asked not to be named , told AFP .
Meanwhile in Turkey , local media is reporting police have blocked dozens of stone - throwing protesters who tried to storm the Israeli consulate in Istanbul following the flotilla attack .
CNN - Turk and NTV televisions showed dozens of angry protesters scuffling with Turkish police , who are guarding the consulate in downtown Istanbul .
The protesters were shouting " damn Israel " , the Associated Press reported .
The ships , carrying more than 700 passengers , were on the last leg of a high - profile mission to deliver about 10,000 tonnes of building and other supplies to Gaza , which has been under a crippling Israeli blockade since 2007 .
Huwaida Arraf , chairwoman of the Free Gaza Movement , told AFP earlier by phone from the boat Challenger 1 that the ships had expected a confrontation with Israel today .
The boats had started heading towards Gaza from international waters of Cyprus at 3 pm local time ( 1200 GMT ) on Sunday , with organisers saying they hoped to enter Gaza waters during the daylight hours .
About six hours after their departure , three Israeli missile boats left their naval base in Haifa on a mission to intercept the flotilla , reporters on board one of the vessels said before being told to turn off their phones .
Israel has slammed as " illegal " the convoy 's attempt to break the Gaza blockade and warned it would intercept the ships , tow them to the port of Ashdod and detain the activists before seeking to deport them .
In Gaza , anti-siege activists on Sunday called on the international community to ensure the protection of the flotilla , which had been aiming to arrive on Saturday but was repeatedly delayed .
" I am asking the international community to protect these boats from the Israeli threat , " independent Palestinian MP Jamal al - Khudari told a news conference on a boat anchored outside the Gaza port .
" If Israel blocks them , they have a strategy for getting here , " said Mr Khudari , who heads the Gaza - based Committee to Lift the Siege .
He did not elaborate .
With the flotilla expected to approach at some stage over the next 24 hours , Gaza fishermen took to the sea flying Palestinian flags as well as those of Greece , Ireland , Sweden and Turkey - all of which sent boats .
Demonstrators also released scores of balloons with pictures tied to them of children killed during Israel 's massive 22 - day offensive against Gaza that ended in January 2009 .
Mr Khudari said the convoy , which is carrying hundreds of civilians and a handful of European MPs , would stop outside Gaza territorial waters before attempting to make landfall .
It will travel " in two stages " , he said : " First they will stop in international waters at 30 nautical miles [ from Gaza ] , and tomorrow [ Monday ] they will reach the shore . "
Audrey Bomse , legal adviser to the Free Gaza Movement , said the activists were considering sending " a second wave " of boats later this week .
Israel has called the convoy a media stunt , insisting the humanitarian situation is stable in Gaza despite reports to the contrary from aid agencies and offering to deliver the supplies through its own land crossings .
" This is a provocation intended to delegitimise Israel , " Deputy Foreign Minister Danny Ayalon said on Saturday .
" If the flotilla had a genuine humanitarian goal , then its organisers should have transferred something for the abducted soldier Gilad Shalit as well , " he said of the Israeli snatched by militants in 2006 and held by the Hamas Islamist movement , which runs the enclave .
The activists responded on their website that they had offered to take in a letter for the soldier from his family but received no response from their lawyer .
Hamas 's refusal to release Mr Shalit is cited by Israel as one of the main reasons for imposing the economic blockade on Gaza in the wake of the group 's violent takeover of the territory .
Loading Pro-Palestinian activists have landed in Gaza five times , with another three unsuccessful attempts since their first such voyage in August 2008 .
The latest is their biggest operation .
AFP and smh.com.au
A preliminary injunction obtained by several major Hollywood studios against the 's provider has forced the infamous BitTorrent tracker offline temporarily while it attempts to carry out backup plans .
were prohibited from connecting the Pirate Bay website to the Internet by the Regional Court of Hamburg through theoperator .
CB3ROB Managing Directordecided to stop routing the Pirate Bay traffic until his lawyers have carefully read and reviewed the injunction he received .
The Pirate Bay will not wait for the lawyers review however , and are already attempting to get the website back online .
To get back online , the site only requires that another provider routes traffic for the Pirate Bay servers .
At time of writing the site is still offline but is expected to be back online within a few hours The Pirate Bay has kept backup andmeasures since it was targeted in a raid back in 2006 .
Socialism ?
Un -American ?
I Think Not !
By Timothy V. Gatto
04 May , 2010
Countercurrents.org
The mood in America could n’t be darker .
I ’ve noticed that many articles that bemoan the current state of affairs , i.e. ; the corporate control of the two major political parties and the media , the outsourcing of American jobs overseas , the waste fraud and abuse of government and the unbridled military spending in support of major military adventures overseas that cannot be justified by logic , just to name a few , are accompanied by a persistent comment .
Many readers of these articles have a comment that basically says “ I know what problems we face , why are n’t you suggesting solutions ?
I can understand why many political writers hesitate to put their views on what they think would offer solutions to the problems Americans face .
I believe that many writers feel that it is more important for the people to understand what is happening than to offer their opinions on how to solve these issues .
I too felt this way until recently .
I now believe that the majority of people that will read this article truly understand what is happening .
In fact , I briefly stopped writing about what I see happening across America because I felt that I was “ preaching to the choir ” .
I found myself writing about the same things over and over again .
The details may have changed , but the basic underlying causes of these problems like corporate control of the government and the mainstream media were still the same .
Since 2004
I have written hundreds of articles that all expressed the same opinion .
I now find myself reluctant to sit down and write another piece about it , after all , how many different ways can you tell the same old story ?
I believe that those that comment about articles that identify the problems but put forth no solutions may be right .
I had always thought that the job of a political pundit was to make people think .
I now believe that this job has been accomplished .
I can remember how many readers called me a radical and insinuated that I was half - crazy just a few years ago .
It ’s amazing how that has changed .
Now I hear “ OK , we know what ’s happening ; now what do we supposed to do about it ? ”
There are solutions .
In 2008 the United States decided to intervene to try to avert the financial sector from a giant melt - down due to their malfeasance .
This did n’t sit well with the people that understood that they were laying out taxpayer money to prop up a financial sector that had made a fortune preying on the people that were now asking to pull their feet from the fire .
People still hold resentment over this , witness the tea-party movement and the uproar from almost everywhere .
I think that far from being such a bad thing , the intervention by the government illustrated just how capitalism works .
Time and time again , when the economy contracts as it did in 2008 , America has had to resort to socialist methods in order to save capitalism from imploding , but once the problems were solved , once our government put these bankers on solid financial ground , they gave them back to the very people that had run them into the ground in the first place .
The question I would like to ask is why ?
I ’ve noticed that many of our most popular political writers on the progressive left are socialists .
Some of these writers have publically acknowledged their political affiliation and some have not .
As a card - carrying socialist , I can generally tell who has socialist leanings by what they say .
I can understand why some prefer not to divulge their political identity .
In this nation we have a tendency to disregard socialists and socialism because of the cold war propaganda that equated socialism with communism and repressive regimes that operated under the “ socialist ” banner .
Even though the communists never embraced true socialism as it was originally laid out , decades of anti-socialist propaganda is indelibly etched upon most American minds .
America has a golden opportunity to change the way we have been doing business for the last two centuries .
We can see , if we care to look , exactly where our form of capitalism has gotten us .
The Middle Class in America is vanishing according to our governments own numbers .
We have seen the median income decrease by almost $ 2,000.00 per year .
We have arrived at a point in our history where we practically have only two economic classes , the rich and the poor .
In 198 , this country had the top 1 % holding 42.9 % of the nation ’s wealth .
The next 19 % had 48.4 % .
The bottom 80 % had 8.7 % of this nation ’s wealth .
That seems horrific , does it not ?
That ’s nothing , in 2007 , the top 1 % had 42.7 % , and the next 19 % had 50.3 % and 80 % had only 7 % .
Eighty percent of the people had only 7 % of the wealth !
Is it any wonder that there is a strong undercurrent of resentment in this nation today ?
We are fed the same nonsense from cradle to grave with platitudes such as “ You can be anything you want to be in America . ”
“ There is always room at the top for hard workers . ”
“ Everyone has the same opportunity for success . ”
That is pure , unadulterated , crap .
The other old adages certainly make more sense : “ It takes money to make money ” “ It ’s not what you know , it ’s who you know ” .
Since Uncle
Sam owns something like 97 % of the mortgages in this country , maybe it ’s time to show some “ brotherly ” love to our citizens .
Why are so many Americans defaulting on their mortgages ?
Just look who is still in charge of the accounts receivable at the banks .
You would think that the Federal government would demand that banks try and work better deals to stop foreclosures , after all , the same people they are foreclosing upon were the same people that bailed them out of bankruptcy !
It is said that “ The business of America is business ” .
Does this mean that the banks have an unwritten rule that in order to survive they must be predators ?
Is it written somewhere that “ If you ca n’t pay , hit the road ” ?
We can do better than that .
It should be mandated that Americans be given a second chance to keep their homes if the financial distress they are in is through no fault of their own .
After all , the banking industry got a second chance , why not the people that gave it to them ?
There are so many in the GOP are railing against the concept that government should not be part of a larger “ community ” .
Where do you think that came from ?
They decry “ generational welfare ” and suggest that any government program that aids citizens in time of need is a “ hand - out ” .
Yet the financial sector just received the largest “ hand - out ” in U.S. history .
The prevailing view in America is that “ Corporations are considered to have the same rights as people ” .
I claim that corporations have more rights than people in this country today .
Thanks to the Supreme Court , corporations can effectively “ buy ” their very own politicians by paying all of their election bills .
Our elected officials will now have outright corporate sponsorship with no restrictions .
Just who will they be representing , the people or their benefactor corporations ?
Socialism works from the bottom up .
The banks we bailed out should be run by the citizens that bailed them out , not the people that helped create the mess we had to bail them out of .
Oversight committees that represent the interests of our citizens should have been in place by now .
The same story for GM and Chrysler , since the government bailed them out , they should have sold the companies to the workers .
Instead , unions have to force pay cuts upon their members and take responsibility for funding their major medical insurance .
GM says it paid the government back with interest .
Before you start believing in miracles , let me tell you that they just paid America back with another loan .
I ’m not arguing that the United States should adopt socialism overnight , but I ’m sure that we could develop an American style of socialism that would work better than the predatory capitalism we have in place now .
I can see a system where small businesses and individuals remain under the capitalist system , but that banks and other financial entities and companies “ too big to fail ” should be under citizen controlled socialism .
I ’m sure the Republicans and conservatives and all of the people that believe in “ American exceptualism ” will have a field day with this article .
Still , readers asked for solutions and I put forth mine .
If you ca n’t count on the people to run things the right way , just stick with the wonderful “ corporate model ” that has been rammed down our throats since our inception .
Take the power out of the hands of the corporations and give it back to the people .
Is that un-American ?
I do n’t think so .
timgatto@hotmail.com
Read Tim 's book " Complicity to Contempt " and Tim 's new novel " Kimchee Days " .
From The Daily Capitalist
I never ever thought I would agree with Nancy Pelosi on anything , yet here it is :
U.S. House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said Congress should consider eliminating any cap on the damages a company such as BP Plc might have to pay for harm caused by oil spills .
“ There is a movement afoot in Congress for that .
Why have a cap ? ” Pelosi said in an interview on Bloomberg Television ’s “ Political Capital with Al Hunt ” to air this weekend .
Pelosi had previously voiced support for a proposal under consideration to raise the existing $ 75 million cap to $ 10 billion for economic damages caused by each environmental disaster .
After being thwarted March 13 in the Senate , backers of that legislation have vowed to renew efforts to win passage .
“ You would hope that there would not be more than $ 10 billion of damage , but understand it is for each episode , ” she said .
Asked about eliminating the cap altogether , Pelosi said : “ I think it ’s worthy of looking at . ”
I 'm not against Big Oil , Little Oil , or anyone in the Oil Patch , but the liability cap is just another example of how industry uses the government to gain market advantages at the expense of someone else .
In this case it is the Gulf Coast inhabitants and those that live off of that huge resource .
As I understand the law , BP is responsible to pay 100 % of the cost of the clean - up .
What the liability cap does is to cap economic damages to $ 75 million .
What that means is if anyone suffers a loss of income or property as a result of a spill , BP is only obligated to pay $ 75 million even though the losses may be in the billions .
That is not right .
Businesses seeking advantages from legislators is not news .
While lobbying is often a proper and necessary response of business to legislation that would be harmful to them , it is a two - edged sword when they try to gain economic or competitive advantage .
Our history is full of examples , most recently , tire import tariffs .
While it is right to condemn business for this we should blame legislators who have the primary duty to act in the best interests of all the people .
At least one could say that we understand that business is motivated by self - interest , but Congress is held to a higher ideal .
While politicians preach this principle they rarely live up to it .
In free market capitalism , no one has a legal or a coercive advantage over anyone else .
If I commit a civil wrong , in this case the tort of property damage and the resulting economic loss , I should be fully liable for it .
That is , I should pay the cost .
If I go broke , so be it .
If I do something with willful , wanton disregard for safety I may be grossly negligent which may allow a court to impose punitive damages .
In my view , the liability cap was a major cause of this environmental disaster .
Assume for a minute that there was no liability cap in place .
BP was engaged in very risky drilling activity that posed potentially huge losses if they acted negligently .
Drilling at 5,000 ' , I am informed , is not like drilling at 500 ' .
Like all businesses , BP must weigh the potential risks against the potential gain of any enterprise .
Like most businesses , they lay off as much risk as they can by buying insurance .
If they did n't buy insurance then they weighed the risk against their assets and net worth .
I am going to guess here that the economic loss of the BP spill will be far more than the cost of the clean - up .
I assume that is always the case or otherwise oil companies would not have sought a liability cap .
When they evaluate the risk of such risky activity , then they know that whatever damage they cause , their liability will not exceed $ 75 million .
That is a drop in the bucket for a company whose after - tax earnings were $ 6.1 billion in Q1 .
Thus I believe that liability is a significant deterrent to companies involved in risky activities .
Their response to such liability could be :
1. Determination to not undertake a risky project because of the potential liability .
This happens all the time in industry .
Projects such as chemical plants , nuclear research , nuclear energy , may be too risky in light of the potential reward .
It may be beyond the company 's ability to respond in damages , thus risking the company 's future .
It may be impossible or prohibitively expensive to get insurance .
2. Determination to engage in the project but with added safety protocols .
This is certainly possible with a large company such as BP .
They may evaluate the risk and decide they can safely undertake the project .
Obviously this was BP 's choice here .
But they were negligent and they should pay all damages they cause .
If they go broke , they understood the risks going in .
3. Determination to engage in the project but with additional insurance to cover potential losses .
If the project is undertaken because it is risky but determined to be within their ability to manage the risk but not to withstand damages , they could obtain insurance .
If the insurance company determined that the risk was too high and refused coverage , the company would most likely decide to not undertake the project .
Insurance companies have a lot at stake because they bear much of the risk involved in such projects .
They exercise great care by investigating their underwriting risk and require companies to satisfy many conditions related to safety .
The breach of any policy safety condition may invalidate the insurance .
Thus there are market forces that try to eliminate risky projects .
4. Determine to engage in the project but with no insurance or other risk - related safety protocols .
This would be foolish business behavior by any company .
Assume rational players in the industry , the project would not be undertaken .
Most oil companies have risk - reward protocols to minimize risk because , as public companies , no one would invest in them since risky projects would jeopardize investors ' capital much less the future of their company .
I think it will be shown that BP was not only negligent , but perhaps grossly negligent and there is no way to punish them for their behavior .
I understand that they may voluntarily agree to compensate people with economic losses .
To not do so would effectively end any future drilling in U.S. waters or perhaps worldwide .
But that was not a sufficient deterrent to prevent them from entering into such projects .
Let the lawyers have at them .
Dear Behemites ,
We know you have been eagerly awaiting news on Castle Crashers for PS3 , so here is an update for you !
Our indefatigable programmers have been working their little fingers to the bone to make this game perfect for you .
We ’ve completed our internal testing , courtesy of our new Testopia office , a wonderland of testing joy .
We have now sent the title off to a 3rd party vendor for final testing before we begin the submission process with Sony .
“ OK , great .. but when is it releasing ?
I must crash castles NAOW !! ” you scream .
“ We do n’t know ! ” Says the mighty Chicken .
“ We hear you better when you do n’t yell . ”
Much depends on how this final round of testing goes .
But we are in the final stretch .
And of course we will keep you posted when we know any firm , or even squishy dates .
In the meantime , more new info for you !
Trophies !
Most of the trophies will be the same as the XBLA Achivements .
To replace the “ Glork ” achievement from good ol ’
All You Can Quaff , we have a new Volleyball trophy : “ Social Networker . ”
Brush up on your social skills , as you will have to work with the other team to achieve an impressive number of volleys back and forth .
Also , we ’ve added a new Gold Trophy for those of you crazy enough to beat the game on Insane mode .
This Trophy is called , appropriately , “ You are Insane . ”
<3
kelly
Hit the jump to find out and for screenshots / video featuring our own testers showing off some quick vball matches ( Another new feature will be unveiled next week .
Hint .. it involves Arena mode .
what could it be ???)
Everyone loves a controversial story and the technology industry has been serving them up left and right in 2010 , typically featuring big names like Apple , Google and Comcast .
Here ’s a look back at the biggest such headlines so far this year :
Apple vs. Adobe and the Flash Wars
Apple CEO
Steve Jobs has incurred the wrath of Adobe this year by bashing Flash and disallowing it on iPhone OS - based products .
Jobs in April penned a letter laying out his security and performance concerns with Flash .
Adobe has n’t taken the criticism lying down , with Adobe CTO Kevin Lynch claiming Apple 's refusal to support Flash is " like 1984 in a lot of ways , " referring to Apple being Big Brother - like in its control of what can run on its popular products .
An Adobe platform evangelist separately blogged that Apple should “ go screw yourself ” for its Flash attitude .
In May , Adobe launched a cheeky ad campaign in May touting Adobe ’s love for Apple – except for Apple ’s blocking technological freedom of choice .
Facebook privacy problems
What was supposed to be Facebook ’s latest bold move to own the Web has turned into stirred up major privacy concerns regarding how the social network site handles personal data .
Facebook in March announced the Open Graph API and Protocol designed to mesh Facebook with other Web sites and enable them all to exploit user data to personalize the surfing and social media experience .
But the system has resulted in such a huge outcry that Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg even wrote a column in the Washington Post acknowledging mistakes made by the company on this front and promising to make privacy settings much simpler .
And these are privacy concerns above and beyond those introduced by bugs in the social networking site .
Reporters and pundits have tripped over one another while writing how they are quitting Facebook and a poll found that more than half of Facebook users claimed they might quit because of privacy worries .
Google takes on China
Google threatened at the start of the year to stop censoring on its Google .cn site in China and to bolt China after a massive cyberattack against its network was determined to have originated in China .
Google made good on its promise in March , when it began redirecting those visiting Google.cn to Google ’s site in Hong Kong .
Not long after , reports surfaced that China was blocking access to Google .
Meanwhile , other such as Microsoft have said they will remain in China , having done business there for more than 20 years .
Net Neutrality wins and losses
A court ruling in early April went in favor of Comcast vs. the FCC and its vision of ‘ Net Neutrality .
A U.S. appeals court ruled that the FCC did not have the authority to order Comcast to stop throttling peer - to - peer traffic in the name of network management .
That decision predictably got the pro and con ‘ Net Neutrality crowds in a tizzy … as did a proposal issued by the FCC in May that it had come up with a new “ Third Way ” toward achieving its ‘ Net Neutrality goals .
The FCC plan would allow it to partially reclassify broadband as a common - carrier service in an attempt to move forward with net neutrality rules and its national broadband plan .
The school webcam case
The IT department for the Lower Merion School District in Pennsylvania came under fire for enabling webcams in student laptops to spy on the kids while they were at home .
The technology department claimed the technology was installed to help track down lost or stolen laptops .
The sneakiness involved in deploying the technology generated outrage against the school , including at least one lawsuit filed by parents whose son was allegedly spied upon .
Some observers said the case provides some good lessons for businesses in their approaches to monitoring employees .
Google WiFi snooping
Google said in mid-May that it would stop its Street View cars that snap pictures used in Google Maps from sniffing wireless networking data after an embarrassing privacy gaffe .
The company revealed that Street View vehicles had been sniffing the content of users '
Internet communications on open WiFi networks , despite the company 's earlier statements to the contrary .
But Google ’s mea culpa did n’t stop outraged parties from jumping in , with a consumer group calling on the Federal Trade Commission to investigate Google and an ISP filing suit over Google allegedly violating state and federal privacy protection laws .
The defective McAfee update
McAfee earned boatloads of abuse from customers and industry watchers after a bad software update in April knocked out Windows XP PCs worldwide .
Fuming customers flocked to McAfee support forums and of course , Twitter , to vent .
McAfee did issue an apology to customers , .5 % of which it said were affected by the snafu , and said it was searching for answers about how the whole thing happened .
Case of the lost / stolen iPhone
The case of the iPhone 4G prototype lost by an Apple employee in a bar and found by a customer who sold it to website Gizmodo , raised all sorts of ethical questions about Apple , the press and the finder / keeper .
Should Apple have played hardball with Gizmodo ?
Should the finder have sold it to Gizmodo ?
Should Gizmodo have accepted the offer and published its preview of the device ?
It even inspired a Network World reporter to got all Shakespearean on the topic .
Apple cleans up the smut
Apple has been stuck in the middle of a classic battle between those in favor of completely free speech and those who want the company to filter out sexually offensive offerings in its App Store .
Apple in February went about purging “ overtly sexual content ” from its iPhone App Store in an attempt to clean up what some developers and customers said was a growing problem .
Though some said Apple got carried away , even nixing seemingly harmless apps , such as those involving bathing suits .
However , the Parents Television Council in April said Apple still was not cleaning up the smut enough .
And it was n’t just smut that landed Apple ’s App Store policies in the news :
The company also got its share of unwanted attention after it rejected an app from a Pulitzer Prize - winning cartoonist , whose app was originally deemed possibly objectionable ( Apple relented on this one ) .
Foxconn suicides
The saddest story of the year is the rash of suicide attempts by employees at Foxconn Technology Group , a Taiwanese manufacturer of Apple iPhones , Dell and HP PCs , and other gear .
Investigations , some spearheaded by those vendors , are ongoing as company and government officials try to get to the bottom of this mystery , which critics say could be the result of harsh working conditions .
- The 80 most beautiful bridges of the world -
Estas são apenas algumas das mais belas e curiosas pontes do mundo .
1. Ponte Hussaini - Paquistão
Orite has been involving in quite few projects that requires the Australian postcode database , and some even requires Geocoding ( GPS coordinates ) for mapping purpose .
So we have written code to read data from the official AusPost Postcode Datafile and use GoogleMap API to find the coordinates and save to a csv file with 5 fields consists the suburb name , state , postcode , latitude , longtitude .
We have recently updated this database accroding to the 12 Jan 2009 datafile released by AusPost , which are available for download in 7 Z ip compressed file , Australian Postcodes with Geocoding ( 183KB )
If you found anything incorrect in this datafile , please post to let us know .
Ernest A. Canning Byon
4/16/2010 , 2:07 pm PT
Guest Blogged by Ernest A. Canning
" Yesterday , December 7 , 1941 --- a date which will live in infamy . "
- President Franklin D. Roosevelt
Amidst exploding bombs , smoke billowing from sinking battleships and dead bodies floating atop the oil slicked waters of Pearl Harbor , it was not all that difficult to appreciate the damage wrought by a surprise attack launched by the Empire of Japan .
The same was true when we watched in horror as the smoldering twin towers of the World Trade Center precipitously collapsed on September 11 , 2001 .
Like these two earlier pivotal events , January 21 , 2010 is , " a date which will live in infamy . "
Yet , unlike Pearl Harbor and 9/11 , most Americans do not recognize it as such .
This attack came not by way of planes or bombs delivered by some foreign menace .
It came from within courtesy of what Professor Cass Sunstein aptly described as " radicals in robes " --- four directly connected to the Robert - Bork founded , billionaire - funded Federalist Society ; all five as appointees of the Reagan and two Bush administrations .
Men bent on unraveling the very constitution they had all solemnly sworn to uphold .
Their assault , though subtle , wrought far greater devastation than either Pearl Harbor or 9/11 .
They did not merely attack planes , ships and buildings .
They assaulted the very foundations of our constitutional democracy ...
As obnoxious as Dred Scott
Within the confines of American jurisprudence , there has not been a decision of equal infamy to Citizens United vs. Federal Election Commission [ PDF ] since 1857 when the Court decided Dred Scott vs. Sanford ( aka The Dred Scott decision ) .
In Scott , the Court , in service of wealthy Southern landowner / masters , ruled that African - American slaves and their descendants could never be considered " citizens . "
They were but chattel , the personal property of their owners .
The Southern slave master thus had a right to demand the return of his " property " should his property make the very human decision to escape .
It took a bloody civil war and the 13th Amendment to undue the damage the Court wrought by Dred Scott .
Just as the Court in Dred Scott became the legal instrument for a brutal 19th Century inequity by ruling that living , breathing human beings could never be citizens , so the five member Republican majority of the Court in Citizens United has become the legal instrument for a new 21st Century inequity by extending to artificial , inter- generational constructs known as " corporations " the rights that the framers of the Constitution had intended only to apply to living , breathing people who make up the actual citizenry of this nation .
It is a ruling that calls into question the validity of all laws which seek to prohibit or even limit the ability of corporate bought - and - paid - for candidates to flood the airwaves with the corporate message , either directly or through corporate - purchased propaganda time slots ; an ability that can drown out the right of citizens to see and hear those who do not tow the corporate line .
Citizens United has opened the door to the creation of a new master - class under the aegis of the most undemocratic of institutions --- the private corporation .
As observed by Jim Hightower in Thieves in High Places :
No corporation is a model for how government should operate .
Corporations are rigid , top - down , autocratic hierarchies in which executive actions are delivered as fiats to be implemented unquestioningly … .
Corporations are towers of secrecy , in which all information is considered a proprietary asset to be doled out only in approved snippets vetted through the PR department , keeping as much as possible from employees , investors , customers , auditors , regulators , lawmakers …
In Failed States Noam Chomsky observed that the political counterpart to a corporation is a totalitarian state .
Under Citizens
United a separate right of unlimited " free speech " is extended to the billionaires at the pinnacle of these private totalitarian entities , even if those controlling the corporations could not themselves be extended the same rights as U.S. " citizens " because they are foreigners --- perhaps even foreign governments with controlling ownership interests in the newly erected " corporate citizens . "
A democratically governed , knowledgeable electorate
The First Amendment does not merely protect the right to speak freely .
It reads , in pertinent part : " Congress shall make no law …abridging the freedom of speech , or of the press … "
The distinction the framers made between " freedom of speech " and freedom " of the press " flows from the vital democracy - sustaining function played by knowledge .
In short , the First Amendment was intended to insure that the U.S. would be democratically governed by a knowledgeable electorate .
James Madison astutely observed :
Knowledge will forever govern ignorance ; and a people who mean to be their own governors must arm themselves with the power which knowledge gives .
This vital democracy - sustaining function of a free press was explained by the 20th Century Supreme Court 's most strident First Amendment champion , Justice Hugo Black , in his concurring opinion in New York Times vs. United States ( the " Pentagon Papers " case ) :
In the First Amendment the Founding Fathers gave the free press the protection it must have to fulfill its essential role in our democracy .
The press was to have served the governed , not the governors .
The Government 's power to censor the press was abolished so that the press would remain forever free to censure the Government .
The press was protected so that it could bare the secrets of government and inform the people .
Only a free and unrestrained press can effectively expose deception in government .
And paramount among the responsibilities of a free press is the duty to prevent any part of the government from deceiving the people and sending them off to distant lands to die …
Note that Justice Black referenced press " responsibilities " even as he referred to it as " free and unrestrained . "
The framers did not envision a press that was free to join in with government ( or with private corporations ) in order to deceive the people .
Just as the framers saw fit to divide governmental power between three branches --- executive , legislative and judicial --- each with a constitutional obligation to check the other , so too the framers envisioned a free and unrestrained press that would provide the vehicle for the ultimate check against the usurpation of power .
Corporate " free speech " , the " free press " & the public 's right to know
In Moyers on America , journalist Bill Moyers wrote : " As a relative few have concentrated more and more of America 's wealth , they have gained a power to be heard in politics that is denied to most citizens . "
Indeed , the expansion of corporate " free speech " succeeds in undermining the core purpose of a " free press " : to insure the public 's right to know
It is quite telling that , in his majority opinion in Citizens United , Justice Kennedy not only failed to mention the fact that the framers included " freedom of the press " in addition to " free speech " , but that Chief Justice Roberts added the height of irony in a separate concurring opinion : " First Amendment rights could be confined to individuals , subverting the vibrant public discourse that is at the foundation of our democracy . "
Justice Scalia then piled on : " We should celebrate rather than condemn the addition of this speech to the public debate . "
Even before Citizens United , the scope of public discourse open to those who do not toe the corporate line was greatly constricted due to the fact that 95 % of what Americans see , hear and read is controlled by a handful of giant corporate media conglomerates .
The classic example is the Fairness & Accuracy in Reporting study , cited by Amy Goodman in Exception to the Rulers , which was conducted " during the critical week before and after February 5 , 2003 --- the day Secretary of State Colin Powell made his case to the UN Security Council for invading Iraq . "
The study revealed that out of the 393 experts who appeared on the four major networks ( CBS , NBC , ABC & PBS ) only 3 were anti-war --- this " at a time when 61 percent favored diplomacy and inspections over war . "
Goodman aptly refers not to a " silent majority , " but a " silenced majority " --- silenced by the inequitable distribution of power between the shrinking public spheres of discourse measured against a near complete corporate control of the media landscape .
We can't wait for Scalia 's wondrous " addition … to the public debate " that will come from global - warming deniers like Exxon - Mobil , who will now be in a position to put the $ 45.2 billion in record profits the company received in 2008 into ensuring that their version of reality becomes the only version we hear in future electoral campaigns .
As Robert F. Kennedy , Jr. astutely observed :
Corporations do n't want democracy ... they want profits , and oftentimes the easiest path to profits is to use the campaign finance system to get their hooks into a public official and to use that public official to dismantle the marketplace to give them monopoly control and a competitive edge and to privatize the commons to steal our air , our water , or our public treasury , and liquidate it for private profits . "
A judicial " counter - revolution " near complete
Infamous Nazi propagandist Joseph Goebbels is said have once observed : " It will always remain one of democracy 's best jokes that it provided its mortal enemies with the means by which it was destroyed . "
For many Americans Robert Bork first became a household name during an event known as " the Saturday night massacre . "
At the height of the Watergate scandal , a Democratic - controlled Senate Judiciary Committee insisted that Richard Nixon 's choice for Attorney General , Elliot Richardson , agree to name a special prosecutor to investigate issues pertaining to Watergate .
Richardson appointed Archibald Cox , a former U.S. Solicitor General .
Cox 's aim was true .
He went after the tapes of Oval Office conversations --- the very tapes that ultimately led to the " smoking gun " revelations which supported Articles of Impeachment and culminated in Nixon 's resignation .
When Nixon tried to stonewall , Cox obtained a federal court order for their release .
Nixon ordered Cox to stop pursuing the tapes .
Cox not only refused but told Nixon he would seek a court order holding him in contempt .
In succession , Attorney General Richardson and Deputy Attorney General William Ruckelshaus chose honor over personal loyalty , resigning rather than carrying out the order to fire Cox .
Nixon then turned to Solicitor General Robert Bork , who apparently had no ethical qualms about sacking Cox .
Appalled by judicial views that were not merely radical but subversive , in 1987 Bork 's nomination to the U.S. Supreme Court was rejected by the U.S. Senate Judiciary Committee , where Senator Edward Kennedy ( D - MA ) observed :
This debate has been a timely lesson in this bicentennial year of the Constitution of our commitment to the rule of law , to the principle of equal justice for all Americans and to the fundamental role of the Supreme Court in protecting the basic rights of every citizen .
In choosing Robert Bork , President Reagan has selected a nominee unique in fulminating opposition to the fundamental constitutional principles as they are broadly understood in our society .
Unfortunately , Bork 's radical views were not unique .
Four of the Court 's current Justices --- Roberts , Scalia , Thomas and Alito --- are all directly linked to the billionaire funded Federalist Society , which Bork founded in 1982 .
And these four " jurists " are but the pinnacle of what David Brock , in Blinded by the Right aptly described as a judicial " counter - revolution in the law , " a counter - revolution in which , by " the end of 2005 , " as revealed by John Dean in Conservatives without Conscience , the successive Reagan and two Bush Presidencies had succeeded in packing 60 % of the federal appellate bench .
Of " the 13 circuit courts of appeal , 9 have majorities named by Republican presidents . "
At its website , the Federalist Society boasts that there are 60,000 legal professionals in its lawyer 's division and an additional " 10,000 law students at all of the 196 ABA - accredited law schools ' who are part of its student division .
The revolutionary purpose of this multi-decade , Federalist Society - backed , court - packing project was so intense that even George W. Bush found himself the target of its wrath when he elevated personal loyalty above the cause in his aborted Supreme Court nomination of Harriet Myers .
As Ralph Neas of the People for the American Way observed at the time :
I have been working on Supreme Court nominations since 1975 , when I was Republican chief counsel to Senator Edward W. Brooke .
I have never seen anything like this ….
The President was attacked from within his own base , and he was pounded day after day , as was Harriet Miers … .
They wanted someone on the Court that is going to be a guaranteed vote to overturn scores of Supreme Court precedents going back 70 years , affecting privacy , equal opportunity , the environment , religious liberty , reproductive health , [ and ] reproductive rights .
Critical areas left off Neas 's listing of the hard - right agenda include turning the clock back to the days of the Gilded Age when the Court struck down laws regulating child labor , wages and hours laws as well as regulations protecting public health through the long - discredited doctrine of substantive due process , and Justice Alito 's lawless " Unitary Executive " theory , which he formulated while serving in the Reagan Justice Department and which provided the quasi-legal foundation for over 1,000 Presidential signing statements in which the astounding claim was made that a President can ignore his Constitutional obligation to " faithfully execute the law ; " instead , picking and choosing those laws which he wants to enforce .
The Federalist Society deference to unchecked , dictatorial executive power is so great that in his dissenting opinion in Hamdi vs. Rumsfeld , a case in which the Court held that a U.S. citizen designated as an " enemy combatant " had a right to contest the factual basis for his detention before a neutral arbitrator , Justice Thomas argued that any effort by the courts to act as a check against executive lawlessness would destroy " the purpose of vesting primary responsibility in the unitary Executive . "
The " Unitary Executive " concept is so radical that it furnished the basis not only for the infamous torture memos of the Bush Justice Dept. , but , in the case of John Yoo , a twisted belief that a President could , like the Nazis in Lidice , order the extermination of an entire village .
On Feb . 4 , 2010 John
Yoo appeared at the Federalist Society 's Los Angeles Chapter , where he provided a lecture on the history of executive power from George Washington to George W. Bush .
Like its founder , the Federalist Society goals are so radical ; so subversive to the rule of law , that , as revealed by Alfred Ross of the Institute for Democracy Studies , the Bush II White House made an " unprecedented series of calls to the national media to try to cover up [ Chief Justice Roberts 's Federalist Society ] membership . "
The Only Real Peaceful Solution is a Constitutional Amendment
The authors acknowledge that Thomas Jefferson did not limit himself to peaceful solutions when he authored the Declaration of Independence in the midst of the American Revolution [ emphasis added ] :
We hold these truths to be self - evident , that all men are created equal , that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights ; that among these are Life , Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness . -
That to secure these rights , Governments are instituted among Men , deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed , - That whenever any Form of Government becomes destructive of these ends , it is the Right of the People to alter or to abolish it , and to institute new Government , laying its foundation on such principles and organizing its powers in such form , as to them shall seem most likely to effect their Safety and Happiness .
But we also adhere to the view , expressed by Dr. Martin Luther King , Jr. , " Violence never brings permanent peace .
It solves no social problem : it merely creates new and more complicated ones . "
Unless you believe that our founders , who spoke of the " Right of the People " in the Declaration of Independence and offered no explicit rights to corporations in the Constitution , actually meant fictional entities who do n't breath , do n't go to jail , never die , and do n't even have an actual mouth , are entitled to the " free speech " as guaranteed by the First Amendment , you no doubt are feeling just a tad of outrage at this assault on the Constitutional principles for which so many Americans have fought and died to protect .
The real question is not whether Citizens United should be overturned but by what means we " the people " strive to recapture our heritage .
Since the five - member , activist majority elevated the issue to constitutional status , it can not be overcome by new campaign finance laws .
Such laws would likely be invalidated by this same Court as unconstitutional .
On Jan. 28 , 2010 Rep. Donna Edwards ( D - MD ) , on the floor of the U.S. House of Representatives introduced , instead , an amendment to the U.S. constitution .
Her effort has found support in a citizens ' move to amend the Constitution , which , in a small beginning , inspired hundreds of Wisconsin citizens to march on their federal courthouse .
( Video of speeches ) .
Does n't seem like much until you recall that the Montgomery bus boycott began with one woman refusing to give up her seat .
John Wilkens , a reader of The BRAD BLOG , has sent in an elegant suggestion for simple Constitutional language that seems difficult for any honest American to contest :
The rights , responsibilities , and privileges granted to citizens of the United States as enumerated in this Constitution , its amendments , and extended through case law , are exclusively reserved for human beings .
Harvard Law Professor Lawrence Lessig argues that a Constitutional Amendment to overturn Citizens United will not be enough ; that we have to overcome what he describes as " the economy of influence " which now controls Congress .
Lessig has called for a new Constitutional Convention .
Another activist group , The Peace Team , has denounced the decision in Citizens United as an " act of treason . "
The Peace Team features an on - line petition calling for the impeachment of the five members of the Supreme Court who signed onto the majority opinion .
Rep. Edwards ' approach , if it embodied the elegantly simple , straightforward language Wilkins proposes , would appear a safer course than the Lessig Constitutional Convention , which could be swarmed by tea - baggers and result in measures that could cause even greater harm .
It is an approach also advocated by the group Public Citizen , whose petition for a constitutional amendment can be signed here .
While an argument can be made that what the five member majority did in Citizens United equates to treason , there is a risk that this idea could be perverted into a dangerous precedent for impeaching jurists whenever they make a decision that is unpopular .
There is a step short of impeachment of all five .
For example , a significant case could be made that Justice Clarence Thomas lied under oath when he said he had neither discussed Roe v.
Wade nor given any thought to its validity during the eighteen years between the Court 's 1973 decision in Roe and his 1991 confirmation hearings .
As revealed by former hard - right insider , David Brock in Blinded by the Right , Thomas was carefully coached in advance of his confirmation hearings by a Federalist Society legal team .
There 's no way he could have avoided discussing how to answer questions on that pivotal case immediately prior to his confirmation hearings .
Surely perjury during Supreme Court confirmation hearings amounts to a high crime sufficient to warrant impeachment .
However , given that Congress has made no substantive move to impeach Jay Bybee , the federal appellate jurist who authored some of Bush 's infamous torture memos , it is doubtful that the corporate - occupied Congress will take its impeachment obligation serious , absent a broad movement of we " the people " so massive that it could bring the would - be corporate masters to their knees by such mass actions as a general strike .
One thing is clear , like the slaves of the antebellum South at the time of Dred Scott , we " the people " will remain standing , perhaps sinking , in a deep vat of a smelly , brown , sticky substance unless and until Citizens United is overturned .
Our nation , our republic has been subverted from within .
Now what do you plan to do about it ?
* * *
Ernest A. Canning has been an active member of the California state bar since 1977 .
Mr. Canning has received both undergraduate and graduate degrees in political science as well as a juris doctor .
He is also a Vietnam vet ( 4th Infantry , Central Highlands 1968 ) .
Updated 6 p.m .
CLEVELAND , Ohio -- William Calderwood never denied taking items from an abandoned property next to his home on West 83rd Street , but he always argued he never intended to destroy it for money .
On Friday , a Cuyahoga County Common Pleas Court jury sided with him .
Calderwood , 57 , of Cleveland , was found guilty of burglary of a home that exploded next to his own house , but the jury acquitted him of 53 counts of aggravated arson stemming from a Jan. 25 explosion that damaged 68 properties .
During the trial , jurors listened to more than 60 witnesses and saw 132 exhibits of evidence .
They deliberated for about 2 1/2 days .
Two jurors , Steve McJunkins and Neal Benedict , said afterward that they did not believe the state presented enough evidence to convict Calderwood of aggravated arson .
" The state did not meet its burden of proof in this particular case to prove that Bill Calderwood was the only suspect and the only possibility in this case , " Benedict said after the trial .
Calderwood wept after he heard the verdict .
His attorney , Pat Leneghan , said his client is a very emotional man who has always maintained his innocence .
He said the prosecution never had the evidence to prove his client caused the explosion .
" My client fully acknowledged taking the appliances , " Leneghan said .
" He believed that the property was vacant for 2 1 / 2 years and it was high time that somebody used it , and he gave those items to homeless people . "
Leneghan also argued to the jury that multiple people had gone in and out of the abandoned house before the explosion .
Throughout the three - week trial , prosecutors said Calderwood as a man who had run into financial troubles with his home and several rental properties he and his wife owned and caused the home to explode so he could damage his residence and get insurance money as way to get out of debt .
Prosecutors also described Calderwood 's previous history with arson .
In 2004 , he was convicted in Michigan in an arson - for - profit scheme .
His wife , Terry Calderwood , said she would was happy her husband was n't convicted of the arson charges and she is ready for him to come home .
She said most people in her former neighborhood have supported the family .
" God is in control , and he came through , " said Terry Calderwood , who was accompanied by a member of her church .
" If anything good comes out of this , they need to make sure they do n't have gas free flowing into houses that are vacant .
It should n't have happened . "
Assistant County Prosecutor Robert Botnick said he was disappointed with the arson verdict but was pleased the jury found him guilty of being a scrapper .
" This was a circumstantial case , " Botnick said .
" We thought that there was enough evidence to prove that it was Bill Calderwood going through the house and his actions directly after leaving the house leading up to the explosion . "
Calderwood is expected to be sentenced on Wednesday by Judge Bridget McCafferty on the burglary conviction .
His lawyer said his client would appeal the burglar conviction .
To reach this Plain Dealer reporter : sdonalds@plaind.com , 216-999-4885
Make real ice cream in any diner style restaurant !
This instructable is good for three situations :
1 . Very late nights at Denny's , IHOP , or anyplace with half - n- half in little UHT plastic cups .
2. Entertaining kids ' bout ' old tymee heirloom ' technology using salt
3. or When you really , really , want to do an instructable during your lunch break , but forget the CAD / CAM laser cutter back at the shop .
Of course , since you are buying a meal in the restaurant for this instructable , it 's not really free .
But the complimentary ingredients are sitting in front of you , waiting to be transformed ... into ...
FREE ICE CREAM !!&%!!!
.
.
.
.
UPDATE :
Thanks for the great comments !
Some linked comments say free mini ice cream is messy ... or loud ... or makes extra work for restaurant employees .
Not true !
A 14 ml mini cup is only one tablespoon .
A half glass of melted ice water is the same as any other .
For every free mini ice cream you make , you will make a new friend .
The Adventures of BeetleCam
The modern world of wildlife photography is saturated with thousands of talented photographers producing a huge number of incredible photographs .
As a result it is difficult to produce original shots without really pushing the boundaries and striving for new perspectives .
Often , this means putting the camera into places that may at first seem impossible .
With this in mind , we were driven to embark upon an ambitious project to photograph African wildlife from a new perspective , one that would involve getting close to potentially dangerous animals and photographing them with a wide - angle lens .
Traditionally , this has been achieved using camera traps – stationary cameras triggered when an animal breaks an invisible infra-red beem .
The problem with this method is that it requires a great deal of time , patience and luck .
We therefore decided to invent something a little more proactive !
And so BeetleCam was conceived ; a DSLR camera mounted on top of a four - wheel drive remote control buggy .
I booked a trip to Tanzania and set about designing , building and testing BeetleCam .
The first step was to get up to speed on the necessary robotics and electronics that would be required to build such a vehicle from scratch .
Having conducted some research , I sourced components from around the world .
Construction then began in earnest with sawing , soldering , sewing and super gluing taking place around the clock in my garage .
BeetleCam ’s primary challenge would be getting over the uneven African terrain with a heavy payload of camera , lens and flashes .
I therefore ordered the most powerful motors I could find and large off - road tires .
BeetleCam had to be able to operate for long periods without being charged , so I stuffed the vehicle with the biggest batteries I could squeeze in .
I constructed a split ETTL off - camera flash cord that would allow the camera to control the output of two flashes depending on the light conditions ( this would be important for filling in the shadows cast by the bright African sun ) .
After much deliberation , I figured out how to get the camera ( my trusty Canon EOS 400D ) to interface with the same controller used to drive the buggy .
The finishing touches were to camouflage BeetleCam and seal the camera gear and internal mechanisms to protect them from the dusty African environment .
The prototype was finished with a month to spare but proved to be catastrophically unstable !
An emergency redesign was undertaken to lower the centre of gravity and , a few days before our departure , BeetleCam was ready to be let loose in the wild !
Our destinations in Tanzania were Ruaha and Katavi National Parks , both in the South West of the country .
We thought that Elephants would be an easy subject for BeetleCam ’s first outing .
We were wrong … we quickly learned that Elephants are wary of unfamiliar objects and due to their highly sensitive hearing , they are almost impossible to sneak up on !
Over the course of the trip , we learnt that the best way to photograph an elephant was to position the camera well in front of it and then let the animal approach in its own time .
With this technique we enjoyed great success and managed to get some incredible photos of these colossal creatures .
After obtaining our first photographs of Elephants we were buoyed with optimism and decided to make our second subjects Lions .
In hindsight this was a foolish idea ; BeetleCam was promptly mauled , and carried off into the bush .
A long recovery mission ensued and we were extremely lucky to retrieve an intact memory card from the mangled Canon 400D body .
On downloading the images , we were delighted to find that BeetleCam had performed its duty admirably , and we got a great series of images from the encounter .
Remarkably , although the 400D sustained irreparable damage , the rest of BeetleCam proved very resilient and , with a few pieces of string and bits wood , we were able to patch it up .
We replaced the 400D with our only other available camera , a Canon EOS 1D MK III .
This increased the stakes massively and obviously meant that lions were off the menu for the rest of the trip !
Over the next few days we nervously drove our beloved 1D MK III in front of various unpredictable beasts and prayed it would come back intact !
To our surprise it was Africa ’s second most dangerous animal that proved to be the most cooperative subject , the African Buffalo .
Adult males that are too old to compete for females collect together and form bachelor herds .
Despite their reputation for being bad tempered and aggressive , these old brutes were totally unconcerned by the small robot .
Some of the buffalo even showed mild curiosity and would amble up slowly to investigate .
Upon returning to the UK , we were thrilled with the photographs that we had managed to take during our two - weeks spent in the field .
We have already started work on BeetleCam Mark II and plan to return to Africa this summer to take more photographs .
To receive news about BeetleCam ’s future escapades , and to be the first to see the resulting photographs , please subscribe to our free email newsletter .
Update : Read the next instalment of this project here : BeetleCam vs the Lions of the Masai Mara
As web design company based in South Melbourne , we have been building beautiful website , creating online marketing campaigns for our clients all over Australia for over 15 year .
Our passion has been to always stay true to our clients website design needs and requirement ’s throughout their journey .
Passion is what has always driven our Company , and with a tagline that says ; “ The Brand Behind the Online Brand ” we mean it !
We have had the pleasure of working with some of the most incredible start - ups with the tiny budgets who have prospered to incredible heights , through to ASX listed companies , and we have loved every experience .
Some of the company we keep can be viewed here .
It 's not big and it's not clever but sometimes swearing is the only thing that will do .
Sometimes you 've used up every other word and nothing else quite hits the spot .
You 've rummaged round the back of the sofa , rifled through the drawers , turned out your pockets and still come up empty .
Pep Guardiola insisted that he was clean out of adjectives and frankly so was everyone else .
Spain was suffering a severe shortage of superlatives last night .
The Catalan newspaper Sport invited readers to send in headlines for what they had just witnessed and there were plenty of super , sensational and sublimes , some magic , magnificent and marvellouses , wows and wonderfuls , plus deities by the dozen , and even a Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious , but still there was no way to really do it justice .
No polite way anyway .
Just wide eyes , a wider mouth and a simple : holy shit !
What they had witnessed would have been one of the most brilliant performances imaginable from Leo Messi but for one thing : you would never have imagined it .
He was unbebloodylievable .
The milk .
The consecrated bread .
The dog 's dingly - danglies .
It was a performance that started off well , got better in the middle , and by the end was barely believable .
One that left you feeling exhausted just watching it , full of ridiculously good touches .
It got better and better and better and when you thought it could n't get any better it got better again .
One that went from Crikey to Bloody Hell to Oh my God to Now , you 're really taking the mickey .
Only Messi was n't taking the mickey , he was just playing football – the way he plays football .
The way no one else has played football .
Maybe ever before .
" I 'm not sure he 's human , " said the Zaragoza playmaker Ander Herrera of Messi 's display in their 4 - 2 defeat .
" Tonight , I saw Diego Maradona , " declared the Real Zaragoza coach José Aurelio Gay , " but at more revs per minute .
There are no words left to describe him – he is interplanetary .
We could have beaten Barcelona but we could never have beaten Leo Messi .
If we had scored four , he would have scored 12 . "
He did n't get 12 , he got three .
For his first trick , Messi headed Barcelona into the lead .
For his second trick he won the ball near the halfway line , dashed through , the ball never leaving his foot , stepped round three challenges , left Matteo Contini on his backside , and hit a low shot into the net .
And for his hat - trick , he curled in a beauty from the edge of the area .
Then he produced a bit of barely plausible skill inside the Zaragoza penalty area , flicking over one man and stepping beyond another , before being pulled down for a penalty .
It would have been his fourth only he got up , dusted himself off and handed the ball to Zlatan Ibrahimovic instead .
" Well , " Messi shrugged , " Zlatan needed it . "
He certainly did .
If Messi has scored the unscoreable , the Swede , who had scored only once this year , had missed the unmissable .
No wonder everyone went weak at the knees .
He 's a genius – and so generous too !
He 'd done the truly impossible – scored three and made Ibrahimovic score too .
He was , insisted Carles Ruipérez in La Vanguardia , " Unbelievable .
Unrivalled .
Unrepeatable .
Spectacular .
Marvellous .
Wonderful .
Genial .
Incredible . "
" Messi is the God of football , " declared Sport .
" Stratospheric .
Magical .
Divine . Generous .
Extraordinary . " " ET , " ran the headline inside , " was born in Rosario and plays in Barcelona . "
" Brutal , " added El Mundo Deportivo .
On the inside , they were recalling the famous Ronaldo goal against Compostela – one so insultingly good it had Bobby Robson pacing back and forth on the touchline , head in hands muttering : " I do n't believe it !
I do n't believe it ! " and the Compostela players threatening to sue for damages .
" Maradona + Ronaldo , " ran the equation " = Messi " .
El País called him " infinity " , while El Mundo reserved for him a " place amongst the greatest " .
Speaking of the greatest , even Marca , the newspaper who decided to ignore Messi 's brilliance against Stuttgart on Wednesday by splashing on the breaking news that Muhammad Ali is a legend , found a place for him on their cover .
Near the bottom , but on the cover nonetheless , with the headline " Super Messi " .
" Maradona , here 's your son , " it said inside .
AS too gave Messi big billing – just above a Rafa van der Vaart explaining that just because he controlled the ball with his hands it does n't mean he handballed it .
" Messi , " said the paper , " is from another world ! "
All of which might seem a bit over the top for a hat - trick against the side that conceded six against Real Madrid and lie just three points above the relegation zone .
Late last night , on the ape - house shouting - fest that is Punto Pelota , Pedro Pablo San Martín turned on his fellow guests , accusing them of " popping Viagra " , shouting : " Stop going on about him all the time !
It 's only Zaragoza ! "
Only , it 's not .
And that is the point .
It 's not only Zaragoza , it 's everyone else too .
It 's every game .
For Barcelona , at least .
One of the incredible things about Messi is how rarely he disappoints .
In fact , it 's tempting to conclude that he has made the ridiculous so routine that he does n't get talked about as much as deserves ; playing perfectly is hardly news .
It was not just Zaragoza , it was the fact that Messi has now scored two La Liga hat - tricks in a row , after an astonishingly brilliant three against Valencia last week .
It was the fact that , until he handed the ball to Ibrahimovic , he had scored Barcelona 's last nine goals .
It was the display against Stuttgart that prompted Christian Gross to admit : " Comparing him to Maradona is perfectly licit now . "
It was the eight in a week .
The 11 in five games .
The free - kick against Almería – so subtle , so stupidly soft you wonder if he was wearing slippers .
And playing with a balloon .
The 25 in the league already , the 34 in all competitions .
It 's not just the goals either .
When it comes to the inevitable and often tedious comparisons with Cristiano Ronaldo , one of the things that is often said about Messi is that he is not as complete .
Earlier this season the pro-Real Madrid newspaper Marca asked the man who had just published a glossy , club - sponsored biography of Ronaldo to do a comparison of Ronaldo and Messi in the midst of its campaign to beatify the Portuguese – and get pictures of him with his top off on their cover as often as possible .
Surprise , surprise , Ronaldo won .
He scored higher than Messi in heading , speed , shooting , leadership , physical condition , and free - kicks and penalties , scoring the same in technique and passing .
It was not a new conclusion .
In England too Ronaldo is invariably described as more complete than Messi – stronger , faster , bigger , more athletic .
But are n't they all part of the same package , an obsession with physical strength ?
Is n't that a pretty incomplete reading of complete ?
Last season Messi scored twice as many Champions League goals with half as many shots .
This season , Messi is the league 's top scorer with 10 more than Ronaldo , has provided more assists than anyone else ( Ronaldo is not in the top 20 ) and has completed more passes than any other attacker .
He has n't even taken any penalties .
Yes , they were acting like they were on Viagra .
But , no , it was n't just Zaragoza .
It is everything Messi has done throughout his career .
The 79 goals in 129 games .
The two European Cups and three league titles .
If he was not already the best player in the world in his first three seasons – 30 goals in 60 games – it 's because of injury .
Every season , he missed at least 10 matches .
But when he played there were special moments .
That unbelievable hat - trick against Real Madrid .
That Getafe goal .
The pair of destructions of Atlético Madrid .
The naturalness with which he took over from Ronaldinho – every bit as much the messiah but not such a naughty boy .
You always felt he was just an injury - free season away from being the best .
Last season he got it .
Last season he got 38 .
The top scorer 's award in the Champions League .
The goal in the Champions League final .
And the World Club Cup final .
And the two in what was effectively the league final – the historic 6 - 2 against Real Madrid at the Santiago Bernabéu , when he was described as " Maradona , Cruyff , and Best rolled into one " .
As well as the Copa sublime hat - trick that knocked Atlético out of the Cup and saw the Vicente Calderón hand him a standing ovation .
It is everything Messi has done and how he has done it .
It is the sheer stupidness of his talent , the ohmygoddidyoujustseewhathedid ?
about him .
The fact that he gets hacked at and somehow keeps on running , that he'd be like a Weeble only he hardly ever even wobbles .
That the ball , to use the old cliché , really does seem to be tied to his feet .
He does n't even seem to kick it most of the time : like a faithful dog , it just runs alongside him .
That he's like the kid in the under - 10s team that picks the ball up , runs rings round everyone and scores ; that he is exactly the kid he was when he was a kid .
That he goes from 0 - 60 in no time and from 60 - 0 again in even less – what was so stunning about his goal against Valencia last weekend was how suddenly he stopped , sending the defender screeching by like a cartoon character off a cliff .
It is that last night his president Joan Laporta announced that Messi is the best player in Barcelona 's history – and it did n't sound completely ridiculous .
Premature , yes .
Exaggerated , probably .
But not completely ridiculous .
Yes , Messi has more to win in order to prove it – although he has already won more than George Best ever did and more European Cups than Diego Maradona .
Yes , he still has to achieve things to make his case watertight , particularly with Argentina .
But how could it be otherwise ?
After all , for all the sublime touches , the goals , the assists and the win - it - on - his - own performances , perhaps the most ridiculous thing of all is that Leo Messi is still only 22 .
Talking points
Was n't going to talk about Barcelona this week but let 's face it , how could we not .
So , here 's the rest of the Week 27 talking points .
• Real Madrid beat Sporting Gijón 3 - 1 at the Santiago Bernabéu after going behind to a thumping David Barral goal .
As briefly touched upon in the column above , the goal came after Van der Vaart controlled the ball with his hands – yes both of them , like a volleyball player teeing it up – before finishing .
After the game , he admitted with a sheepish grin that it hit his hands but someone clearly got to him in the meantime because today he says that does n't make it a handball .
What no one noticed was that it was never a free - kick in the first place .
Ronaldo's shot came back off the goalie to score but he mostly spent the game blasting in pointless shots from pointless positions .
He did n't score .
Gonzalo Higuaín did .
• Manolo Jiménez 's Sevilla have now been knocked out of the Champions League twice in a week – first by CSKA Moscow and now by Espanyol .
A pathetic 2 - 0 defeat has seen them slip to fifth as they continue their slide , with Mallorca overtaking them and moving into fourth after a thumping of Atlético in a jam - packed Son Moix * .
Lose to Xerez in midweek and Jiménez 's unfeasibly large testicles could well be for the chop .
[ * One part of that sentence was a lie ; see if you can guess which one ] .
• Athletic Bilbao blew their chance of climbing above Sevilla too when they could only draw 2 - 2 with Getafe , thanks to two very spawny Getafe goals .
It did n't help that Pablo Orbaiz was sent off again .
A few weeks ago he got a red card for pulling someone 's hair ; this time it was for booting someone in the goolies .
• Good to see the curse still working ( and apologies if Messi suddenly turns rubbish ) .
Valladolid won their first game under Onésimo Sánchez and are three points from safety now .
Mind you , it was against a Depor side who have really started to fall apart .
• Juanma Lillo lost at last – to a very impressive Valencia side .
Trouble is , Valencia 's games , while entertaining ( unlike just about everyone else 's ) , feel a bit irrelevant .
They should now be safe in a Champions League place but they are 18 points behind Madrid and Barcelona .
Pennant watch .
And he did watch , just like everyone else .
Results : Xerez 2 – 1 Tenerife , Athletic 2 – 2 Getafe , Espanyol 2–0 Sevilla , Mallorca 4 – 1 Atlético , Valencia 2–0 Almería , Deportivo 0 –2 Valladolid , Real Madrid 3 – 1 Sporting , Málaga 2 - 0 Villarreal , Osasuna 1 – 3 Racing , Zaragoza 2 – 4 Barcelona
It may not be a story you ’ll hear about if you watch America ’s “ fair and balanced ” news network .
In an interview on a California ABC News affiliate , the mother of a man arrested for threatening House Speaker Nancy Pelosi ( D - CA ) blamed Fox News for exacerbating her son ’s mental illness , saying it encouraged his behavior .
“ Greg frequently gets in with a group of people that have really radical ideas and that are not consistent with myself or the rest of the family , which gets him into problems , ” the 83 - year - old mother of the accused man , Eleanor Giusti , said .
“ I say Fox News , or all of those that are really radical , and he , that ’s where he comes from . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Gregory Giusti was arrested Wednesday after threating the House Speaker over healthcare legislation .
The 48 - year - old man has a history of run-ins with the law , and was arrested in 2004 for threatening a train conductor ’s life after he was caught trying to evade the fare .
He ’s also the subject of a lawsuit by a San Francisco church which alleges he has engaged in a “ campaign of harassment ” of church members , and has been convicted of petty theft and welfare fraud .
His mother told ABC her son has a history of mental illness , and did n’t think he ’d actually carry out his threat .
This video is from KGO , broadcast April 7 , 2010 .
Watch this video on iPhone / iPad
That February morning was just like any other .
I parked my Royal Mail van by the newsagent 's , made my delivery and nipped to the counter for tobacco and scratchcards .
It was a habit I 'd fallen into – money had been tight for months .
With three children to support , my wife and I frequently argued , so these cards offered the tantalising possibility of an easier life .
Still , under normal circumstances , I would never have bought 10 cards – one or two was usually my limit .
But a friend had returned a £ 10 loan as I left the depot .
At the counter , I felt the crumpled note in my pocket and thought , " What the hell ? "
I worked through the cards quickly , scratching off the silver , looking for three identical symbols in a row .
Two of the 10 came up trumps – £ 1 and £ 5 respectively .
A third tantalised me for a moment , as I revealed two £ 100,000 symbols side - by - side , but the pattern was broken : another £ 100,000 was on another row – no use to me .
The newsagent fed the winning cards into a machine and as I left with my paltry earnings , I tossed the others into a bin outside the shop .
Still , I was only £ 4 down – no great loss .
Back at work , I mentioned my flutter to a colleague and joked , " I 'm such an unlucky bastard . "
We both laughed , although I only wish I could laugh about it now .
Next morning , the same colleague approached me waving a scratchcard of her own .
" Looks like I 'm luckier than you , Cemal , " she said .
" I only bought one card and I 've won £ 25 . "
I was about to head out on my round , and offered to collect the prize for her .
But when I glanced at the card , I assumed she was making a joke at my expense .
" These £ 25 symbols are n't in a line , " I said .
" They 're all over the place .
Did you expect me to fall for this ? "
She looked puzzled .
" What do you mean ?
That 's not how it works .
You buy enough of these things , you must know that .
The symbols can be anywhere . "
I remember buying my first ever scratchcard .
The rules were very clear , and I thought I 'd followed them ever since , no matter what type of card I bought .
But as I checked the small print now , I began to shake and sweat ; a belt of anxiety tightened across my chest .
I drove straight to the newsagent 's from the day before .
Hardly breathing , I watched the owner feed the card into his machine .
" It 's a winner , " he said .
I genuinely felt the blood drain from my face .
" In that case , I threw away a hundred grand outside your shop yesterday , " I said .
" I 'm sorry , " the shopkeeper said .
" You wo n't find it there now .
That bin's emptied every day – it 's already been done this morning . "
At that moment , my overriding feeling was of intense loneliness .
I felt I had a burden no one else could ever understand – a sense of losing so much that could have been mine .
But I still could n't lose hope completely .
I phoned Camelot , and was told to collect as much information as possible : the barcode and serial number of the ticket ; where I 'd bought it ; at what time , and so on .
With the help of the newsagent , I gathered everything together .
Suddenly optimistic , my wife and I invited friends to the house for a celebratory party .
But a few days later a letter arrived from Camelot .
It seemed the advice I 'd received referred to a National Lottery win – as far as scratchcards were concerned , there was one hard and fast rule : no card , no prize .
It was the final straw for my marriage : the arguments grew worse , and I moved into a friend 's house .
Of course , I can't blame anyone for my financial difficulties , but that £ 100,000 could have made a difference .
Three months later , I still get teased daily by workmates – school - yard stuff like , " Lend us £ 100,000 , Cemal .
It 's nothing to you : you can afford to chuck it in the bin . "
It does make me feel useless , though I dare say I 'd be doing the same in their position .
They can't see how much it hurts – and I do n't want to let them see .
My mum said to me , " Do n't worry about it , Cemal .
You have n't lost anything .
If you never held the money in your hand , it was never truly yours . "
Perhaps she 's right .
One thing 's for sure , I 'll never buy another scratchcard .
I 'm far better off putting that £ 10 a week aside to pay for treats for my children .
They do n't seem to blame me for what 's happened , so perhaps it 's something I can learn to live with , one day .
• As told to Chris Broughton .
Do you have an experience to share ?
Email experience@theguardian.com
SAN JOSE , Calif . —
When undefeateds collide .
It really does n’t need an explanation .
That ’s why Saturday ’s Columbus vs. LA matchup is mouth - watering , an early signifier of who the true frontrunner is in MLS .
After this weekend , someone should be unbeaten no more .
But this column is n’t about the Battle of the Best — let ’s not forget , the Supporters ’
Shield winner has gone on to win MLS Cup only five times in the 14 - year history of the league .
That ’s why I ’ve got my eye on another match , one that ’s flying under the radar right here in my own backyard : San Jose vs. Toronto .
“ LA is always going to get the fanfare and Columbus has won a championship recently , ” San Jose defender Jason Hernandez told MLSsoccer.com earlier this week , “ so they deserve it in that respect .
But we have no problem being second fiddle to those guys . ”
But there ’s nothing second - fiddle about this matchup .
Based on their performance a third of the way into this season , both these teams could be headed to the playoffs for the first time in their existence .
Let ’s say that again , this time a little slower for emphasis .
Both teams could be headed to the playoffs .
No , it ’s not a joke .
San Jose and Toronto — both recent punching bags for the rest of MLS — are now arguably the hottest teams in the league .
After leaking goals last season like a sieve , the Earthquakes are one of the best defensive units in MLS — their seven goals allowed is tied for third - best .
And they ’re on a four - game unbeaten streak , tied for second in the Western Conference and playing some of the fundamentally best soccer in the league .
Toronto , a cellar - dweller in their first two seasons and an eventual flop last fall , almost looked like they were going to implode early in Preki ’s tenure in March .
Now the Reds are self - assured , on the same page and capably moving the ball .
And on a four - game unbeaten streak of their own and in third in the Eastern Conference .
You ’re all in a tizzy over the Crew and Galaxy ?
I ’m looking at this showdown between two teams who have their eyes on becoming dark - horse contenders this fall .
“ I agree that this is a game that ’s flying under the radar , ” said Toronto defender Nick Garcia , who also spent a season - and - a - half in San Jose .
“ These are two good teams that need points . ”
How on earth did this happen ?
How could perennial doormats all of a sudden become twin turnaround stories ?
Let ’s be fair :
We ’ve still got five months until the playoffs begin .
But for both squads , this early success has been several years in the making .
Frank Yallop and John Doyle took a cement truck worth of lumps for the Quakes ’ first two seasons since their rebirth .
They were a classic expansion team , trying to find the right combo of players through drafting , the discard pile and the roulette wheel of international talent .
Injuries took their toll — as did some bad gambles .
But now , finally , San Jose have their deepest squad yet .
They ’re solid at almost every position and have a collection of starters and substitutes who are versatile and capable .
So Arturo Alvarez and Ike Opara are n’t available ?
In step guys like Chris Wondolowski and Bobby Burling – both mid-career journeyman who finally found their niche .
Airtight in the back and dynamic up front .
Two classic wingers in re-motivated Bobby Convey and USL lifer Joey Gjertsen , allowing Yallop ’s classic 4 - 4 - 2 to be run seamlessly .
( No offense to Darren Huckerby , fantastic in his short stay in MLS , but not exactly a wing player , either . )
These are n’t your Quakes of last season .
“ We put the work in and the results speak for themselves , ” said Hernandez .
“ But in no way are we too high on ourselves .
We just have to keep doing what we ’re doing .
What about Toronto ?
Sure , those fans just keep coming and coming .
Amazing , considering some of the embarrassments of the first three years .
The ignominy of being dumped out of the inaugural Canadian Championship by Montreal in 2008 , bookended by back - to - back last - place finishes in the Eastern Conference .
Last fall ’s debacle of being resoundingly thumped from the race on the final day of the season , 5 - 0 by the lowly Red Bulls .
Now , Preki - ball has come to town .
And despite some early soap - opera side plots and controversial cuts and trades , it looks like the Reds are finally buying into the hard - line coach ’s system .
Recalled Garcia , “ From Day 1 , he told us , ‘ You ’re either going to like it or you ’re not – If you do n’t get on board , you wo n’t be here . ’
It ’s not like a magical potion , but he ’s been making sure there ’s a discipline there we ’ve been lacking .
Our young guys may never have had it before . ”
And discipline is what they ’re getting .
When TFC play well , they comprehend each other ’s roles perfectly , with a clear idea of positioning and the understanding that they can’t overextend .
( Well , all except Dwayne De Rosario , who ’s better without constraints – and Preki knows it ) .
That ’s how Toronto took advantage of a disorganized Fire side .
It ’s how they earned a point in LA .
And how they ’re now a team that , hopefully , will not lose focus down the stretch .
So far , it ’s the same story in the Quakes ’ corner .
And both teams are eager to prove they belong in that upper tier of MLS powerhouses .
So go ahead and keep your glitzy battle of frontrunners at Crew Stadium on Saturday .
I ’ll be at Buck Shaw Stadium , looking for my upset special in this year ’s title race .
If one of these teams is on the pitch at BMO Field on November 21 , I ’ll resist the urge to say I told you so .
Jonah Freedman is the managing editor of MLSsoccer.com .
“ The Throw - In ” appears every Thursday .
2 - Year - Old Walker Ciorobea Can Name Every Model of Car
Walker Ciorobea , a car - obsessed toddler from South Florida , can identify every type of car model he sees .
If you meet Walker Ciorobea , a 2 - year - old boy from Coral Gables , Florida , the very first thing he ’ll ask you is what kind of car you drive .
The toddler ’s had a passion for cars for more than a year , ever since the day his father brought home a single matchbox car for Walker to play with .
“ It started with one matchbox car , and it ’s just grown into a huge obsession , ” Lynley Ciorobea , Walker ’s mother , told Gimundo .
“ He started to learn a few cars , and within a week or two , he could name every car on the road . ”
Walker ’s father is a car enthusiast , and often brings home magazines about cars — which came in handy while Walker was potty - training .
“ My husband would sit Walker on the potty and they ’d look through the magazines together , waiting for Walker to pee , ” Lynley said .
“ So they ’d try to find cars in the magazines that our friends drove .
So they ’d find a Saturn and my husband would say “ This is what mommy drives ! ” and then they ’d look for Saab and say “ This is what daddy drives ! ”
Before we knew it , he was pointing all our various cars out on the road . ”
Even though Walker can’t read yet , his parents have gotten him his very own subscription to Car and Driver Magazine , which he loves to leaf through .
“ So now he knows every car you can imagine , ” said Lynley , “ including some super fancy cars that you never see on the road , ” such as Aston Martins and Lamborghinis .
Walker can now identify any car he spots on the road — though his pronunciation is n’t always quite on the mark .
“ He ’s not good with ‘r ’s , so for example when he sees a Porsche , he calls it a ‘ Posh . ’
And when he sees a Ford , he ’ll call it ‘ Fod , ’ ” said Lynley .
“ It ’s so cute and quite hilarious to see such a little guy who can hardly speak naming every car he sees ! ”
Check out Walker ’s car - naming skills in action in this adorable video — and catch him live on the Today Show on Monday !
Home of the best preserved remains of the dodo , Oxford University 's Museum of Natural History is about to gain a new lease of life .
The building – which contains some of Britain 's earliest natural history specimens including the first scientifically described remains of dinosaurs – is at the centre of celebrations that started this week to mark its 150th anniversary .
Events include lectures by Sir David Attenborough and the unveiling of a plinth to commemorate the debate on evolution between Thomas Huxley and Bishop Sam Wilberforce , which took place in the building in 1860 .
However , most of the celebrations will focus on the museum 's special wildlife specimens and , in particular , its dodo .
The dodo , the most famous of all animals to have become extinct in human history , was discovered by Europeans in 1598 on the island of Mauritius in the Indian Ocean .
Dogs and rats introduced to the island by humans then started to destroy the birds ' nests and eggs and by 1680 the last dodo was dead .
The bird became a curiosity in Europe and its preserved remains were sought out by collectors , including Elias Ashmole who brought one to Oxford .
Today only its mummified head and foot remain .
Although minimal , these represent the most complete remains of a single dodo anywhere in the world and have proved to be of particular value to science .
( And they are kept under lock and key : the dodo pictured here beside a model is the one on public display in the museum , but it is a composite of different skeletons . )
In particular , the soft tissue of the Oxford dodo recently provided scientists with a sample of dodo DNA .
When researchers compared this DNA with that from other birds , they found that the closest living relative to the dodo is the Nicobar pigeon from south - east Asia .
A radio show / podcast about comedy – on the air and in your ears since 2004 .
That 's a long time .
Nominated for the 2013 Canadian Comedy Awards , Best Podcast and the 2018 Vancouver Comedy Awards , Best Comedy Podcast .
Hosted by Georgia Straight comedy writer Guy MacPherson .
In April , the website released graphic , classified video footage of an American helicopter gunship firing on - and killing - Iraqis in a Baghdad street in 2007 , apparently in cold blood .
The de-encrypted video , which WikiLeaks released on its own sites , as well as on YouTube , caused an international uproar .
The Baghdad video has been WikiLeaks ' biggest coup to date , although an extraordinary number of unauthorised documents - more than 1 million - have found their way to the website .
These include a previously secret 110 - page draft report by the international investigators Kroll , revealing allegations of huge corruption in Kenya involving the family of former Kenyan leader Daniel arap Moi ; the US government 's classified manual of standard operating procedures for Camp Delta , at Guantanamo Bay , which revealed that it was policy to hide some prisoners from the International Committee of the Red Cross ; the classified US intelligence report on how to marginalise WikiLeaks ; the secret Church Of Scientology manuals ; an internal report by the global oil trader Trafigura about dumping toxic waste in the Ivory Coast ; a classified US profile of the former Icelandic ambassador to the United States in which the ambassador is praised for helping quell publicity about the CIA 's activities involving rendition flights ; and the emails leaked from the embattled Climatic Research Unit at East Anglia in Britain , last November , which triggered the so - called '' Climategate ' ' scandal .
That is one leak that might have bemused conservatives convinced that WikiLeaks is run by ultra-lefties .
In the blogosphere , meanwhile , conspiracy theories abound that WikiLeaks is a CIA cyber - ops plot .
Two years ago , a Swiss Bank in Zurich , Julius Baer , succeeded in temporarily closing down the website with a US District Court injunction after WikiLeaks published documents detailing how the bankers hid their wealthy clients ' funds in offshore trusts ( the banned documents reappeared on WikiLeaks '' mirror ' ' sites in places such as Belgium and Britain ) .
The Australian government , too , has made noises about going after WikiLeaks , after the Australian Communications and Media Authority 's secret blacklist of banned websites ( websites which may be blocked for all Australians if the Rudd government goes ahead with its proposed internet censorship regime ) , turned up on the website last year .
The communications regulator further expanded the blacklist to include several pages on WikiLeaks , whose crime was publishing a leaked document containing Denmark 's site of banned websites .
To say that the list of rattled people in high places around the world is growing because of Wikileaks is an understatement .
The fact that the website has no headquarters , also means the conventional retaliatory measures - phones tapped , a raid by the authorities - are impossible .
Intense interest in Julian Assange started well before the Baghdad video was released , and viewed 4.8 million times in the first week .
The former teenage hacker from Melbourne , whose mystique as an internet subversive , a resourceful loner with no fixed address , travelling constantly between countries with laptop and backpack , constitutes what you might call Assange 's romantic appeal .
But then there is the flip side : a man who believes in extreme transparency , but evades and obfuscates when it comes to talking about himself in the rare interviews that he gives - which are hardly ever face to face .
The secretiveness extends to those close to him .
One woman who speaks to me on the condition of total anonymity , lived in the same share house in Melbourne as Assange , for a few months in early 2007 , when WikiLeaks was in its incubation period .
The house was the central hub , and it was inhabited by computer geeks .
There were beds everywhere , she says .
There was even a bed in the kitchen .
This woman slept on a mattress in Assange 's room , and says she would sometimes wake up in the middle of the night to find him still glued to his computer .
He frequently forgets to eat or sleep , wrote mathematical formulas all over the walls and the doors , and used only red light bulbs in his room - on the basis that early man , if waking suddenly , would see only the gentle light of the campfire , and fall asleep again .
He also went through a period of frustration that the human body has to be fed several times a day and experimented with eating just one meal every two days , in order to be more efficient .
'' He was always extremely focused , '' she says .
WE MEET in early May , the day after Assange slips back into Melbourne , his home town .
He arrived on a flight from Europe , via the United States .
Or so I understand from the person acting as our go - between .
The same contact provides a Melbourne address , and instructions : '' Do n't call a cab , find one on the street ; turn off your mobile phone before you catch the cab and preferably , remove the batteries . ''
Sitting outside at the rear of the address , I suspect that at the last minute , Assange wo n't turn up - though not because of the cold .
After all , it 's well known that he has been spending a lot of time in Iceland lately , advising the Icelandic government on new laws to strengthen freedom of expression and protections for sources and whistleblowers .
Last year , WikiLeaks released a confidential document showing that the major Icelandic bank , Kaupthing , had loaned billions of euros to its major shareholders shortly before the great , global financial meltdown ( the website also released the legal threat sent to them by the bank 's lawyers ) .
Suddenly , he is here - a tall , thin , pale figure with that remarkable white hair , looking very tired , and wearing creased , student - style , dark clothes and boots , and backpack .
As we shake hands , he inclines his head slightly in a courtly , old - world manner , at odds with his youthful , student - traveller looks .
When I remark that there 's a lot to ask him , he replies : '' That 's all right - I 'm not going to answer half of it . ''
Is Assange his real name ?
Yes , he replies , then says it 's the name in his passport .
'' What 's in a name ? '' he then adds mysteriously , casting doubt on his first answer .
( At the time of writing , his passport status was apparently back to normal after immigration officials at Melbourne Airport said that his passport was going to be cancelled on the grounds that it was too tatty ) .
'' It has been in a couple of rivers , '' Assange allows , of the state of his passport .
The first time , as he recalls , in December , 2006 , when he was crossing a swollen river during heavy rain , in southern Tasmania , and was swept out to sea .
He swam back in .
'' My conclusion from that experience is that the universe does n't give a damn about you , so it 's a good thing you do . ''
Why did he have his passport with him ?
He had everything he needed for three weeks of survival , he replies .
He needed his passport for ID when he flew to Tasmania .
Does n't he have a driver 's licence ?
'' No comment . ''
How true is the image of him as the enigmatic founder of WikiLeaks , constantly on the move , with no real place to call home ?
Is this really how he lives his life ?
'' Do I live my life as an enigmatic man ? ' '
No - is it true you 're constantly on the move ?
'' Pretty much true . ''
Does he have one base he 'd call home ?
'' I have four bases where I would go if I was sick , which is how I think about where home is . ''
He has spent the best part of the past six months in Iceland , he says .
And the next six months ?
'' It depends on which area of the world I 'm needed most .
We 're an international organisation .
We deal with international problems , '' he replies .
Assange mentions four bases , but names only two .
The one in Iceland , another in Kenya , where he has spent a lot of time , on and off , for the past couple of years .
The Kroll report , released on WikiLeaks , reportedly swung the Kenyan presidential election in 2007 .
When he's in the country , Assange lives in a compound in Nairobi with other foreigners , mainly members of non-governmental agencies such as Medecins Sans Frontieres .
He originally went to Kenya in 2007 to give a lecture on WikiLeaks , when it was up and running .
'' And ended up staying there , '' I suggest encouragingly . '' Mmmm . ''
As a result of liking the place or … '' Well , it has got extraordinary opportunities for reforms .
It had a revolution in the '70s .
It has only been a democracy since 2004 … I was introduced to senior people in journalism , in human rights very quickly . ''
He has travelled to Siberia .
Is there a third base there ?
'' No comment .
I wish .
The bear steak is good . ''
Why did he go to Georgia ?
'' How do you know about that ? ''
I read it somewhere , I reply .
It was a rumour .
'' Ah , a rumour , '' he says .
But he did go there ?
'' It 's better that I do n't comment on that , because Georgia is not such a big place . ''
Living permanently in a state of exile , means that a person might always have the sharp eye of the outsider , I suggest .
'' The sense of perspective that interaction with multiple cultures gives you , I find to be extremely valuable , because it allows you to see the structure of a country with greater clarity , and gives you a sense of mental independence , '' replies Assange .
'' You 're not swept up in the trivialities of a nation .
You can concentrate on the serious matters .
Australia is a bit of a political wasteland .
That 's OK , as long as people recognise that .
As long as people recognise that Australia is a suburb of a country called Anglo - Saxon . ''
Could he ever live in one place again ?
A brief silence .
'' I do n't think so , '' he says finally .
When he is n't being deliberately obscure , and even when he is , Assange has the measured tones of an academic , sometimes sounding , once we 're deep in conversation , as if he 's giving a lecture .
He talks with conviction , with sincerity , without bravado , and wears his '' fame ' ' lightly .
'' I do n't see myself as a computer guru , '' he remarks at one point .
" I live a broad intellectual life .
I 'm good at a lot of things , except for spelling . ''
It may be unfair to suggest that he likes the dramatic possibilities of his role .
Then again , there 's no doubting those dramatic possibilities .
At one point , thinking about some of the material leaked on WikiLeaks , I ask him how he defines national security .
'' We do n't , '' he says crisply .
'' We 're not interested in that .
We 're interested in justice .
We are a super- national organisation .
So we 're not interested in national security . ''
How does he justify keeping his own life as private as possible , considering that he believes in extreme transparency ?
'' I do n't justify it , '' he says , with just a hint of mischievousness .
'' No one has sent us any official documents that were not published previously on me .
Should they do so , and they meet our editorial criteria , we will publish them . ''
IN 1997 , a remarkable book was released about the exploits of an extraordinary group of young Melbourne hackers .
It was written by Melbourne academic Suelette Dreyfus , with , says Assange , research assistance from him .
In the book , Underground , all the hackers had monikers .
Assange is said to be the character Mendax .
In the book Mendax / Assange was an unusually intelligent child , who never knew his father .
His mother , an artist and activist , left home , in Queensland , aged 17 , after selling her paintings for enough money to buy a motorbike .
In Sydney , she joined the counterculture community , and fell in love with a young man she met at an anti-Vietnam War demonstration - who fathered Mendax .
Within a year of his birth , the relationship was over .
When Mendax was two , his mother married a fellow artist and actor - director , and the trio travelled from town to town as an on - the - road theatre family .
But soon after Mendax turned nine , the couple separated and divorced .
Mendax 's mother then started a relationship with a man who Mendax considered to be '' a violent psychopath ' ' , a man with five different identities , who 'd fabricated his entire background , including the country of his birth .
They eventually fled , and began a life on the run , eventually ending up on the outskirts of Melbourne .
Assange will neither confirm nor deny that he 's Mendax .
But in an extraordinary slip recently , on SBS 's Dateline program , whose reporter , Mark Davis tracked him down in Norway earlier this year ( the program screened last Sunday ) , Assange said that this man '' seemed to be the son of Anne Hamilton - Byrne of the Anne Hamilton - Byrne cult in Australia , and we kept getting tracked down ' ' .
Byrne was the leader of a cult , The Family , discovered in the Dandenong Ranges in the early 1980s .
There were 14 children in the cult , who were treated abominably , and taught that they were all Byrne 's children .
All of them had their hair dyed blonde ( the police finally caught up with the cult in 1987 ) .
Assange wo n't discuss the link with Byrne .
He says only : '' My mother was never in a cult .
I was never in a cult . ''
My question about his own white hair goes nowhere .
However , Assange told me when we first talked ( we have several conversations ) , that his hair went white at 15 .
' ' I was very blond until 12 - ish , until puberty .
I built a cathode ray tube at 15 , at school , and connected it backwards .
The Geiger counter went 1000 , 2000 , 3000 , 40,000 .
That was about the time .
Also I had some head scans , because I had something like viral encephalitis .
It was very mild .
I just lost feeling in one cheek .
Earlier on , at nine , I 'd had head X - rays because I 'd headbutted a giant earth ball . ''
In yet another intriguing twist , when I ask Assange about a civil rights organisation he helped run in Melbourne , in the early 1990s , and which raised allegations about child neglect in the social welfare system - during Jeff Kennett 's time as premier - he says he was particularly concerned with one case .
With extreme reluctance , he eventually explains that he knew people whose children had been abused .
He wo n't talk about this in more detail either .
But at a different point in the conversation he says that in the mid-1990s , he got involved helping the Victorian police track down paedophiles .
'' That was just consulting on a couple of things , '' he says .
Mendax had lived in a dozen different places in different states , by the time he was 15 .
Assange mentions that he went to 36 different schools , including correspondence .
'' How we know , is that I added them up for my sentencing hearing , '' says Assange .
The story gets complicated .
In 1989 , computers at NASA , the US space agency , were attacked .
The word '' WANK '' appeared in huge letters across the monitor ( an acronym for Worms against Nuclear Killers ) .
The culprits have never been found .
But in 1991 , Assange , still a teenager , and a key member of a hacker group called the International Subversives , was arrested and charged with more than 30 computer hacking offences .
He and others , it was alleged , had hacked the systems of the Australian National University , RMIT , Telecom , and had even monitored the Australian Federal Police investigation into their activities .
He eventually pleaded guilty to 24 charges and was placed on a good behaviour bond , and ordered to pay $ 2100 .
In Underground , Mendax devises a program called Sycophant , allowing the International Subversives to infiltrate computers at the Pentagon , National Security Agency , Motorola and NASA , among other organisations .
Mendax left home at 17 , married his 16 - year - old girlfriend , and a year later they had a son .
Assange has a son at university .
Mendax 's wife left him just after his 20th birthday , leaving him devastated .
Assange , like Mendax , suffered a breakdown and was briefly hospitalised after being charged by police .
He does agree that he had a spell of depression after his relationship broke up .
I use the word marriage .
'' Are you going to write that I 've been married ? '' he asks .
It was written about him , I reply - although it was Mendax who was married .
'' That may not be true , so you should n't write it , '' says Assange .
I ask whether the mother of his son , was his wife .
'' Maybe .
Maybe not , '' he says , adding , '' I wo n't speak about my adult personal life . ''
Is he currently married ?
'' No comment . ''
His sense of humour flashes when I ask how living rough in the hills and fields outside Melbourne , after he was charged by police with computer crimes , affected him - and the way he thought about life .
'' I thought I should buy shares in the internet , '' he quips .
Perhaps he did .
Assange is n't paid a salary by WikiLeaks .
He has investments , which he wo n't discuss .
But during the 1990s he worked in computer security in Australia and overseas , devised software programs - in 1997 he co-invented '' Rubberhose deniable encryption ' ' , which he describes as a cryptographic system made for human rights workers wanting to protect sensitive data in the field - and also became a central figure in the free software movement .
The whole point of free software , he comments , is to '' liberate it in all senses …''
He adds , '' It ' s part of the intellectual heritage of man .
True intellectual heritage can't be bound up in intellectual property . ''
Did being arrested , and later on finding himself in a courtroom , push him into a completely different reality that he had never thought about - and in a direction that eventually saw him start thinking along the lines of a website like WikiLeaks , that would take on the world ?
'' That [ experience ] showed me how the justice system and bureaucracy worked , and did not work ; what its abilities were and what its limitations were , '' he replies .
'' And justice was n't something that came out of the justice system .
Justice was something that you bring to the justice system .
And if you 're lucky , or skilled , and you 're in a country that is n't too corrupt , you can do that . ''
In another life , Assange might have been a mathematician .
He spent four years studying maths , mostly at Melbourne University - with stints at the Australian National University in Canberra - but never graduated , disenchanted , he says , with how many of his fellow students were conducting research for the US defence system .
'' There are key cases which are just really f--- ing obnoxious , '' he says .
According to Assange , the US Defence Advance Research Project Agency was funding research that involved optimising the efficiency of a military bulldozer called the Grizzly Plough , which was used in the Iraqi desert during Operation Desert Storm during the 1991 Gulf War .
'' It has a problem in that it gets damaged [ from ] the sand rolling up in front .
The application of this bulldozer is to move at 60 kilometres an hour , sweeping barbed wire and so on before it , and get the sand and put it in the trenches where the [ Iraqi ] troops are , and bury them all alive and then roll over the top .
So that 's what Melbourne University 's applied maths department was doing - studying how to improve the efficiency of the Grizzly Plough .
This is beyond the pale .
'' The final nail in the coffin was that I went to the hundredth anniversary of physics at the ANU .
There were some 1500 visitors there - four Nobel prize winners - and every goddamn one of them was carting around , on their backs , a backpack given to them by the Defence Science Technology Organisation .
At least it was an Australian defence science organisation . ''
Assange says he did a lot of soul searching before he finally quit his studies in 2007 .
He had already started working with other people on a model of WikiLeaks by early 2006 .
There were people at the physics conference , he goes on , who were career physicists , '' and there was just something about their attire , and the way they moved their bodies , and of course the bags on their backs did n't help much either .
I could n't respect them as men . ''
His university experience did n't define his cynicism , though .
Assange says that he 's extremely cynical anyway .
'' I painted every corner , floor , wall and ceiling in the ' room ' I was in , black , until there was only one corner left .
I mean intellectually , '' he adds .
'' To me , it was the forced move [ in chess ] , when you have to do something or you 'll lose the game . ''
So WikiLeaks was his forced move ?
'' That 's the way it feels to me , yes . ''
So who leaks to Wikileaks ?
Assange says that intelligence agencies will never confirm or deny that they '' post ' ' documents , even when some of those documents display the letterhead of the intelligence organisation involved .
'' I love classification labels , because if it says Top Secret on the front , I think ' this is probably an interesting document , ' and legitimate , '' he says .
'' There 's a glut of information of low quality in the world .
So information that has been restricted and suppressed - it 's interesting that people have [ spent ] economic effort to restrict and suppress it - so info which has extra restrictions on it , usually has an extra ability to induce reforms if it 's released .
'' Intelligence organisations nearly always put what section it's from , and the classification label .
Sometimes they 'll use code words in the classification .
They 'll even classify the classification . ''
It 's curious , surely , given the Pentagon 's anger over the leaking of the Baghdad video , that Assange has n't been asked to come into some office , somewhere , and have a chat .
He returned to Australia via the US with no trouble , I point out .
'' I believe that there 's an understanding that we have a lot of support within these organisations , and interference with us runs the risk of being exposed internally , and would likely be exposed by us , '' he replies .
It 's also curious that he has n't been approached to work for any of the security agencies for '' the greater good ' ' .
WikiLeaks is for the greater good , he says .
THE individual who sent WikiLeaks the Baghdad video remains invisible .
WikiLeaks released two versions of the video - a longer version , and a shorter one - which has also caused much controversy .
Twenty minutes was said to be missing from the longer version .
It was like that when they received the footage , says Assange , and they were very careful to make as few edits as possible to the 18 - minute version they released .
'' In particular the first 11 minutes is one continuous take .
And then there 's only cuts for time , and only about three cuts .
The first 13 minutes is when all the action happens . ''
Why did WikiLeaks put a copyright symbol on the footage they released ?
'' We did n't have time to sort out copyright - about how all that should be managed , '' he replies .
'' We had some ideas , but we were quite concerned about people taking material and misrepresenting it . ''
As the list of rattled people in high places gets longer , Assange and his team have become used to an increased level of interest from the authorities - and security services , leaked documents from some of those services notwithstanding .
There are other security concerns as well .
Two human rights lawyers who had been helping WikiLeaks were shot dead in their car on a Nairobi street last year .
Assange himself has written an online article about increased surveillance activities , '' most of which appears to be the results of US ' interests ' '' .
In an email he sent out to journalists earlier this year , Assange wrote : '' We have had to spread assets , encrypt everything and move telecommunications and people around the world to activate protective laws in different national jurisdictions . ''
In 2008 , Islamic militants threatened WikiLeaks after the website '' mirrored ' ' a video of Dutch parliamentarian Geert Wilders ' controversial view of Islam in his 17 - minute film , Fitna .
A trailer of the film had been uploaded to several video - sharing sites , including YouTube , causing fury in Muslim nations .
Pakistan 's government ordered the nation 's internet service provider to block YouTube 's sites , which caused YouTube to be blocked in other countries as well .
YouTube removed the trailer and access was restored .
Another website that hosted the trailer also removed it , saying the lives of its staff had been put at risk .
WikiLeaks then mirrored the video , and got so much traffic that the site had to be temporarily taken off line .
'' We republished the material because it had been censored because of the threat of violence .
Then we received threats of violence [ via ] emails , '' says Assange .
'' We did n't believe them to be credible threats in the sense that we have good physical security in the sense of our internet infrastructure , secret locations and our personnel .
That technology is geared at dealing with spy agencies .
Islamic militants do n't have the capacity to get past those defences . ''
He adds that his team has also received threats from US military militants - '' I deliberately use that word ' ' - which they had not found credible either .
'' I did not feel that it was possible for them to carry out the threats . ''
WikiLeaks , he maintains , has released more classified documents than the rest of the world press combined .
" That shows you the parlous state of the rest of the media .
How is it that a team of five people [ WikiLeaks is run by five full - time '' staffers ' ' and almost 1000 volunteers ] has managed to release to the public more suppressed information , at that level , than the rest of the world press combined ?
It 's disgraceful .
'' They do n't want to give [ out ] any information unless it 's going to sell more newspapers .
The result is the public record is denied primary sources . ''
Loading
He would like to see all media develop their own forms of WikiLeaks .
That would point his own website out of business , I point out .
'' We have a proposal to [ an American foundation ] for a grant to do just that , '' he replies .
Paiewonsky said the use of civilian flaggers has saved the state about $ 10 million on road projects , in part because construction managers can decide how many flaggers to assign to a construction site and how long they will work .
“ We think over time [ police ] will adjust to it as a reform , ’’ she said .
“ We have projects all over the city of Boston and we have long enjoyed a very productive relationship with them .
I ’m sure they ’ll get used to the flagger regulation and get used to the fact that we ’re not going away . ’’
State Highway Division Administrator Luisa Paiewonsky said in an interview yesterday that the use of civilian flaggers is working and that she believes tensions with police will ease .
Last month , a tussle erupted over who should monitor traffic at a major construction project on American Legion Highway .
On - duty officers in cruisers are now watching for cement trucks coming in and out of the construction site , even though the state had initially decided to use a civilian flagger .
Now , in Boston , where civilian flaggers are allowed only at state highway projects or on state roads , police and city officials are closely watching construction sites for potential violations of traffic safety agreements between the city and state over the use of flaggers .
The tension has been simmering since October 2008 , when Massachusetts became one of the last states in the nation to allow civilian flaggers to work at construction sites .
In the weeks after the law was passed , police in some communities taunted civilian flaggers at construction sites .
In Woburn , for example , where the first civilian flagger was used , 50 off - duty officers shouted down a union - represented civilian flagger , calling him a “ scab ’ ’ and “ pathetic . ’’
State officials say they want to use civilian flaggers , allowed under a new state law , to save money ; police in Boston and elsewhere , who can earn huge amounts of money working at construction sites , have argued that public safety is better served by having officers , rather than civilians , working the jobs .
The incident Tuesday was the latest flare - up in an increasingly tense dispute between the Boston Police Department and the Massachusetts Department of Transportation over the use of civilian flaggers at city construction sites overseen by the state .
Within moments , according to the state ’s top highway official , a project supervisor had pulled Williams away from assisting traffic to “ deescalate the situation . ’’
Police deny that they threatened to arrest her , but by the next morning , the civilian flagger had been replaced by a uniformed officer .
Lynn Williams , a construction worker in a yellow vest , was standing in the middle of a South Boston intersection , holding a sign warning drivers to slow down , when police showed up and ordered her to stop , she said .
When Boston police details are used , officers are paid for a minimum of four hours , even if not needed that entire time .
But Boston police and city officials disagree that the state is saving money by using civilian flaggers .
They also argue that civilians cannot ensure safe traffic flow or respond to criminal activity as a trained officer can .
“ We know the streets , ’’ Boston Police Superintendent William Evans said in an interview .
“ We can handle vehicles coming out at a rapid pace .
I can name the amount of good arrests we ’ve had out there .
We bring so much more to the table than a flagger does . ’’
Police say that they have no problem with flaggers working on quiet or dead - end streets .
But they say the new law does not stipulate what kind of supervision should occur on low - speed , high - volume roads , which they define as having at least 4,000 cars a day .
Boston officials are taking their case back to the State House , arguing for a bill sponsored by Representative Martin J. Walsh that would require police details on such roads .
The police cite as an example American Legion Highway , which has a 30 - mile speed limit and 35,000 vehicles daily .
The roadway has been the site of many fatal car accidents , and there are makeshift memorials to victims along its side , said Thomas Tinlin , the city ’s transportation commissioner .
“ We ’re not talking about a state job on a one - way street , ’’ he said .
“ We ’re talking about major thoroughfares , evacuation routes , that get thousands of cars a day . ’’
The dispute in South Boston stems from a meeting last Friday , when Boston police and city officials gathered with representatives of the state and a private contractor to discuss a project to resurface the road and build wheelchair ramps and sidewalks around the intersection of A and West Fourth streets .
Police said state officials told them civilian flaggers would not be used on the project .
But on Tuesday morning , a lieutenant coming off his shift saw Williams at the intersection , according to a police report .
He alerted the district captain and within moments , two superintendents joined him at the scene , along with at least three union representatives .
One union official took pictures of the scene .
Thomas Nee , who heads the patrol officers union and came to the intersection himself , said he was livid that the state directed a civilian to stand on a street that leads to a hospital , Boston Medical Center .
“ It ’s ridiculous in a major artery like this , ’’ he said .
“ This is an almost bald - faced , in - your - face move by the state . ’’
But Paiewonsky , whose department is overseeing the project , said the state had agreed to place officers at the two intersections flanking A and West 4th streets , but also reserved the right to use a flagger in the area between the officers and chose to do so .
“ In the 18 months since we ’ve implemented this , we have had not one incident , ’’ Paiewonsky said .
“ We have an excellent safety - work zone record for a reason . ’’
She said traffic management plans are carefully prepared to ensure the safety of the flagger and drivers .
“ Some situations in a construction work zone do n’t call for a police detail , ’’ she said .
“ There was no reason not to have a flagger there . ’’
Maria Cramer can be reached at mcramer@globe.com .
© Copyright 2010 Globe Newspaper Company .
I have received many requests for weddings / union ceremonies .
In an attempt to respond to these and also to help sustain my continued work for LGBTQ rights , I have set up a site www.aJourneyOfTwoHearts.com
( Attention conservation notice :
While it ’s finally slowly wearing off , I found the movie Sunshine disturbing in the extreme .
This is blog entry as exorcism . )
Danny Boyle ’s Sunshine is the most harrowing movie I have ever seen .
The rest of this blog entry contains major spoilers .
I read in Wikipedia that Sunshine lead actor Cillian Murphy ( Capa ) converted from agnosticism to outright atheism after filming this movie .
I ’m not surprised .
I ca n’t think of any movie that made me examine my beliefs with the unflinching harshness this one did .
To me Sunshine was a prolonged and grueling thought - exercise in which the stakes get higher and higher and the bettors become fewer and fewer until at last the fate of everyone alive rests on the slim shoulders of just one man .
Who must commit murder and self - murder to finish the job .
And lucky me , I got to watch it all like a fly on the wall at the execution of the entire human race by an uncaring universe .
What made this movie so powerful to me was how realistic and believable it was in its portrayal of what it would be like to hold the fate of billions in your hands .
To know that if you screwed up , the consequences would be literally beyond your frail human imagination .
As I watched , my heart and mind ached for these people to have a moment of real hope , for something to go completely right instead of utterly wrong .
But not until the climax of the movie , when Capa touches the Sun , is there anything remotely resembling either of these .
For 90 minutes , it ’s unmitigated disaster so intense my stomach knotted and it was difficult for me to watch .
What it made me ask myself was if when things go wrong , horribly wrong in ways that bend the mind , is there an agency to whom you can appeal , and be heard – and helped ?
There is real dissonance in my life Boyle ’s movie forced me to have a look at .
As I watched I was begging some barely acknowledged god under my breath .
My heart and mind pleaded for the characters facing death and failure to receive help from some agency , only to watch , again and again , as the chances seemed slimmer and slimmer that humanity would survive .
And that no agency watched or cared .
This is like real life , some part of me was thinking , wordlessly .
This is what would really happen if something this awful on a scale so incomprehensible really happened .
The Sun would be sputtering and we ’d all be dying , and there would n’t be a big grandaddy in the sky shedding tears and pushing us to some place in the future where all our suffering would at last make sense .
If we succeeded , it would be by the strength of our own arms , the love in our own hearts , the intelligence of our own minds .
We would succeed and celebrate , or fail and go into nothingness .
Either way , there would be no help and no guarantee .
So who was it I was begging for mercy ?
How did I expect that mercy to arrive ?
Via what channel , what force ?
Things like gravity , energy and time are always involved .
I am not aware of any religion that promises that at the worst moment of your life , or even at the worst moment of your species , you will be given succor and supernatural aid .
Christianity , a religion I do not follow but am reasonably familiar with , does n’t promise this .
Yet that ’s what I wanted for these people .
A supernatural valet .
Some unseen hand to save them ( and us ) , save their ( my ) planet and their ( my ) race .
Maybe there are no atheists during Danny Boyle ’s Sunshine .
Because these people were enduring mind - bending responsibility , mind - bending risk and mind - bending failure , and they were completely and utterly alone .
To confront so nakedly the idea that suffering like this could and does exist unassuaged was enough to shatter my well - being for the next few days .
I might say I am agnostic , and indeed I am .
But like many people , maybe I never quite fully weighed the consequences of failure , or in this case , of the full set of emotional ramifications of there not being anything remotely resembling a god .
Not even when you really , really need one .
I thought I had had this conversation with myself before , but this movie applies to problem of no - god to a problem far greater than I ’ve ever had .
Which frames it as I have never framed it before .
There are people and animals in the world who desperately needed and deserved help , and never got it .
And the worst thing in the world came , and engulfed them .
And now they are dead .
What does that mean for your everyday life ?
What does it mean when someone you love dies ?
What does it mean when people and animals live lives ( and endure deaths ) of great suffering , without hope ?
What is your role then ?
The character Harvey died after missing the airlock , and seemed to die in terror and abandonment .
I can somehow only credit Boyle for breaking off Harvey ’s frozen - solid arm and showing us his iced - over eyeballs at - 273 degrees F. Sometimes when something bad happens and we do n’t see it , we pretend it was better than it was .
The lost pet found a new home , and is not dying of hunger , cold , thirst or injury .
But the man who missed the airlock ?
He died a horrible death , alone .
I saw it happen .
I watched his last breath exit his lungs in a frozen puff .
But what could be more satisfying than saving the human race ?
I suppose I take my greatest satisfaction from this movie in knowing at least that Capa had a moment of peace knowing , as his short life drew to its self - chosen close , that it seemed that his bomb was working according to plan .
And in the end humanity was saved .
And I found I believed that it was saved in the only way possible , by the only agency able , solely and wholly through human science , human rationality and the will and the sacrifices of terrified human beings enduring trials , responsibilities and failures that pushed them to the brink of sanity .
Humanity had become monstrous in accomplishment , given self - awareness and intelligence and then charged with a self - saving so great as to buckle the minds of its saviors , charged with saving humanity literally in its entirety .
It was the ultimate triumph of humanism : A sort of new creation ( restarting the Sun ) in which the hand of the Human lit the spark .
Going back to where we started and and knowing the place for the first time .
I could have done without the slasher aspect , which came close to ruining the movie for me .
Would Sunshine have worked without an insane astro-villain , as the movie instead hung on a series of technical crises ?
I think it would have , and worked better .
In a movie based in fleshly reality , a semi- supernatural bogeyman had no place .
I ’ve read Boyle wanted to take a step away from reality , but IMO it was a bad move in a movie that celebrates , in the most disturbing and provoking way , the unflinching , atheistic light of pure human effort and reason .
It ’s the sort of movie that might make you take a good long hard look at your own beliefs , then shudder and slam the door .
Some things are hard to acknowledge and easy to swathe in muddled dissonance .
I may believe that at the heart of existence there is an excellent chance that there is nothing , and walk through my day as if it did n’t matter that nothingness ultimately awaits me and everyone I love .
But like looking at the Sun , I cannot bear to view this burning absence for too long .
I turn my mind to the other side of sunshine , which brings not light but warmth .
I dig my hands in the earth of my garden and live for and with everything that in this instant , simply is .
Today is still today .
It ’s still my turn to be alive on Earth .
My breakfast this morning was quite real .
I will digest this crisis and turn it into something better if I can .
Because as someone once said , it ’s not that people who do n’t believe in god believe in nothing .
They believe in everything .
Up to and including the responsibility to pick up the slack we indolently and selfishly wish god would hold for us .
The funeral was for Lawrence Ward , 23 , who was shot and killed by police on May 21 after officers responded to a fight Ward was having with Kendall Wood , 43 , over a handgun .
Officers fired and killed both men when they refused to drop the gun .
A new research paper from American academics is threatening to blow a hole in growing political support for carbon capture and storage as a weapon in the fight against global warming .
The document from Houston University claims that governments wanting to use CCS have overestimated its value and says it would take a reservoir the size of a small US state to hold the CO2 produced by one power station .
Previous modelling has hugely underestimated the space needed to store CO2 because it was based on the " totally erroneous " premise that the pressure feeding the carbon into the rock structures would be constant , argues Michael Economides , professor of chemical engineering at Houston , and his co-author Christene Ehlig - Economides , professor of energy engineering at Texas A&M University
" It is like putting a bicycle pump up against a wall .
It would be hard to inject CO2 into a closed system without eventually producing so much pressure that it fractured the rock and allowed the carbon to migrate to other zones and possibly escape to the surface , " Economides said .
The paper concludes that CCS " is not a practical means to provide any substantive reduction in CO2 emissions , although it has been repeatedly presented as such by others . "
The report has come at a critical time when British and other governments worldwide have started to fast - track a series of CCS prototype schemes as a way of removing carbon from the atmosphere and helping with climate change .
On 8 April , Royal assent was given on to what is now the Energy Act 2010 , which made law plans to raise a levy on power users to establish four CCS projects in Britain .
Ministers see this as a potentially planet - friendly way of building new coal fired power stations , such as the one E.ON wants to construct at Kingsnorth , in Kent .
The Carbon Capture and Storage Association ( CCSA ) , which lobbies on behalf of the sector , says Britain is now at the forefront of new technology with a legislative framework in place that offers the opportunity for long - term investment .
Projects are proceeding in the US , such as the experimental coal - fired Mountaineer plant in New Haven , West Virginia , which began small - scale carbon capture last year , as well as in Canada , China and other countries .
Jeff Chapman , chief executive of the CCSA , believes Economides has made inappropriate assumptions about the science and geology .
He believes the conclusions in the paper are wrong and says his views are backed up by rebuttals from the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory , the Pacific Northwest National laboratory and the American Petroleum Institute .
The British Geological Survey confirmed it was looking at the Economides findings and was hoping to shortly produce a peer - reviewed analysis .
Economides , who has a PHD from Stanford University , said he had seen the arguments against his paper from the API and dismissed them as " nonsense " saying vested interests are protecting a new concept foisted on the world by geologists without proper thought .
" I was a [ practising ] petroleum engineer for many years and soon realised that geologists did not understand flow and the laws of physics , against which you can't argue . "
Chapman pointed out that Statoil , a Norwegian oil company , had been injecting CO2 into an old reservoir on the North Sea Sleipner field for some time as a successful experiment in carbon storage .
But Economides says the Sleipner scheme involved a million tonnes over three years , while one 500 mW commercial station would need to absorb and store 3 m tonnes annually for 25 years .
Economides , who admits he veers towards being something of a climate change sceptic , says the oil and coal industries see these schemes as potential solutions so they can keep on doing what they have been doing in the past , but " CCS is the last refuge of the scoundrel , " he said .
The man who went long Lehman days before its bankruptcy , again reminds the world of his presence , and for some reason we find his latest update on Goldman ( Buy , $ 200 PT ) , titled Andrew Mellon and Goldman Sachs , notable enough to bring attention to it .
For that we apologize .
In other much more important news , in the 15 seconds in which Buffett was n't talking his book , he found enough time for one insightful observation : " All currencies are likely to lose purchasing power . "
Wish we could say Bove had anything insightful to say : his punchline " It appears that President Obama needs a symbol of financial evil that must be expunged from the system .
That symbol is Goldman Sachs . " leaves a bit to be desired .
Then again , we are shocked that Bove 's recommendations have any " relevance power " remaining at this point .
Posted by John , May 31st , 2010 - under Israel , Palestine .
The terrorist state of Israel has killed 19 unarmed activists on a Turkish ship in the Freedom Flotilla bringing aid to the people of Gaza. 60 or more are wounded .
The Israeli butchers blockade Gaza to prevent supplies of basic necessities reaching the strip .
This is collective punishment for Palestinians democratically electing Hamas as their Government .
Hamas is the main group resisting the ongoing Israeli genocide of the Palestinian people .
The blockade is part of that 60 year campaign of genocide Israel has conducted against the Palestinians .
Of the 1.5 million people in Gaza , over 90 percent survive only through external assistance .
The blockade means that supplies of food , water , materials for housing and education cannot get through other than “ illegally ” .
Palestinians are dying from preventable diseases because they cannot get access to medicines you and I would regard as routine or cannot get to hospitals in Israel .
The murder of the Freedom Flotilla activists is a symbol of what the Palestinians endure every day .
The United States , Israel ’s paymaster , has so far said nothing about this latest terrorism .
Even if it condemns Israel it will be the condemnation of a doting and besotted parent .
Israel is the armed wing of US imperialism in the Middle East , the most important strategic region for America in the world .
It controls and by its existence and actions destabilises the region .
This allows US control of oil supplies , especially the power of supply to potential rivals of the US such as China .
The assassinations show Israel will disregard world opinion because it knows it has the backing of the United States .
It did this over the invasion of Gaza last year when it killed 1400 Palestinians .
It did this yesterday with its refusal to sign the nuclear non-proliferation treaty , ensuring its stockpile of 200 nuclear weapons remains to threaten the rest of the peoples of the region .
Indeed , according to a report in the Jerusalem Post , US President Obama gave Prime Minister Netanyahu “ concrete guarantees that the US will strengthen Israel ’s strategic capabilities . ”
Israel is the North Korea of the Middle East , with the US its China .
Israel could not survive without US aid , currently running in the tens of billions each year .
Julia Gillard and Kevin Rudd cheered on Israel when it slaughtered the women and children of Gaza last year .
They will no doubt issue expressions of ‘ regret ’ about this ‘ heavy handed ’ action and then go back to supporting Israeli terrorism .
The hypocrisy of the West is boundless .
If Hamas had done this US drones or their Israeli counterparts would be destroying women and children right now in Gaza and there would be condemnations of their actions as terrorism .
Yet when a state which has conducted terrorism and genocide against the Palestinians for the last 60 years kills peace activists bringing aid to starving people , the Western powers do nothing of substance .
Israel is the lynch - pin of US repression in the region and so the functions the zionist state performs for American imperialism are more important to it and its allies like Australia than a few dead activists and hundreds of thousands of dispossessed , dead and dying Palestinians .
Boycott the butchers .
Lift the blockade .
End the occupation .
Victory to the Palestinians in their struggle against the terrorist state of Israel .
The Sydney protest is on Tuesday June 1 , 5.30 pm at the Town Hall , organised by Coalition for Justice and Peace in Palestine .
In Melbourne , the protest will be on Tuesday June 1 , 4.30 pm at the State Library .
In Perth there will be a snap protest on Tuesday June 1 , 5 pm , Wesley Church , cnr William & Hay Sts , Perth .
Organised by Friends of Palestine .
In Brisbane the demonstration is on Tuesday , June 1 at 5:00 pm , Brisbane Square ( end of Queen St Mall ) .
In Canberra there is candlelight vigil and Gaza protest on Tuesday 1 June at 5 pm at the Israeli Embassy , 6 Turrana St Yarralumla .
Then at 4 pm on Thursday 3 June in Garema Pl in Civic in Canberra there will be a demonstration againt Israel ’s butchery .
By Finlo Rohrer
BBC News Magazine
With a multitude of tourists heading to South Africa for the World Cup , a question hangs on many lips : how dangerous is the country ?
South Africa is a place where a lot of violent crime happens .
That much is hard to dispute .
Each day an average of nearly 50 people are murdered .
In addition to these 18,000 murders each year , there are another 18,000 attempted murders .
Murder is a staple of the news .
In April , it was white supremacist Eugene Terreblanche .
Earlier this month , it was Lolly Jackson , the flamboyant owner of the Teazers strip club chain , killed at a house in Kempton Park , just outside Johannesburg .
BBC World Cup 2010 Simon Austin's blog - World Cup heaven or hell ?
In the run-up to the World Cup , British newspapers have been happy to convey a terrifying picture of South Africa .
One recently told its readers about " Cape Town 's culture of gangsters , drugs , rape , robbery and a murder every 25 minutes " .
So should football fans fear for their lives at the World Cup ?
It 's a complicated picture , says Johan Burger , senior researcher in the crime and justice programme at South Africa 's Institute for Security Studies .
The first thing is that the South African murder rate is going down and not up .
" Contrary to what many people think , the murder rate , while still extremely high , is down by about 44 % since 1995 .
That 's a huge decrease . "
Gunman kills SA strip clubs owner
The geographical and social spread of murder might also be relevant to visitors .
" What is important to understand about our high crime rate is that we know from research that approximately 80 % of our murders happen within a very specific social context , mostly between people that know one another .
" There is something wrong within some of our communities in terms of the social interaction and the social conditions . "
In blunt terms , areas with problems have murder levels that can be wildly above the national average .
Kwa Mashu , a township outside Durban in KwaZulu - Natal , has the unfortunate honour of being dubbed South Africa 's murder capital by the media , with 300 last year .
It took the unwanted honour from Nyanga , a township outside Cape Town .
These are not the kinds of areas that are regularly frequented by tourists .
Dr Burger says research done by other academics points to the social basis for a high crime rate in such areas .
" There are extremely high rates of unemployment in some areas .
All of this leads to a large element of frustration .
Often this is the thing that sparks violence .
" The gap between rich and poor is still widening and it leads to what is seen as relative deprivation .
The people in the very , very poor communities , they see wealth .
" It is not just a gap , it is a visible gap .
The situation is aggravated by poor service delivery .
Many of our municipalities are in complete disarray , complete dysfunction .
This then leads to dissatisfaction .
People protest sometimes very violently . "
There are many other crimes apart from murder which are seen as problematic in South Africa .
The national figure of 203,777 episodes of " assault with the intent to inflict grievous bodily harm " might be alarming .
It 's hard to compare this with the UK where statistics are grouped differently , though the latter has a larger population ( 61 million compared with South Africa 's 49 million . )
But like murder , many offences are geographically weighted , says Dr Burger .
Of the 18,438 house robberies in South Africa last year , 8,122 were in the province of Gauteng , which includes Johannesburg .
The likelihood of being a victim is twice the national average there .
Carjacking is a category of danger that would be novel to most visitors from western Europe .
Foreign media have sometimes been scathing
There are junctions which are signposted as carjacking blackspots , and there are areas where drivers will avoid stopping at red lights , particularly at night , preferring the risk of a fine to the risk of hijack .
" Many people may come in rented cars and then like everyone else they will run the risk of this , " says Dr Burger .
He notes that " most of the time " carjacking victims are " threatened or violently removed ... not seriously injured " .
Unlike most categories of violent crime , recorded instances of carjacking are on the rise in South Africa .
The police do their best to fight it , says Pretoria News crime reporter Graeme Hosken .
" We have had a problem with gangs following tourists from OR Tambo airport [ near Johannesburg ] and the cops cracked down on that .
I take precautions .
I 've been nearly hijacked myself on an open freeway . "
He advises : Keep your car locked while driving
Do n't stop for strangers or people who have broken down
A blue light does not necessarily mean they are police
If carjacked , do not offer resistance
Carjacking is geographically skewed with half of the 15,000 happening in Gauteng ADVICE FOR FANS
Foreign Office travel advice - World Cup South Africa 2010
" There 's another crime that poses some risk to visitors and that 's street robbery , " says Dr Burger .
" People are seldom seriously injured or stabbed or shot .
In most cases people are threatened .
Criminals will see the World Cup as a huge opportunity . "
People can take a number of steps to reduce their chances of being robbed in the street , he says : Avoid advertising .
Do n't show you have valuables on your person
Take precautions by trying to go to some of these places in groups of five , six , seven or more people
Most importantly , make a point of seeking advice " The locals know which places people should avoid and the times people should stay away from certain areas . "
If England win their group and make it as far as the quarter finals , they will play in Soccer City , Johannesburg .
There are areas in the city that have a disproportionate level of crime .
Ask a local and they may advise against travel to Hillbrow or Yeoville at night .
At the same time , people could also point out that every city has its bad bits .
" I would n't go to dodgy areas in London , or the dodgy areas in Liverpool or Manchester , " says Hosken .
But of course the crime issue is high on the agenda for the World Cup organisers .
The South African Police Service has prepared a plan that includes extra officers , high visibility policing , and deployment of specialist teams .
" I 've seen the police plan , it 's extremely impressive , " says Dr Burger .
The South African police say they have a plan to tackle crime
But while there may be optimism about the police plans , there is still a deep sense of unease , says Hosken .
" The government says crime is going down , [ but ] 50 odd people are being killed every single day .
There is scepticism about what is really happening .
" While crime might be going down , it is [ often ] extremely violent , armed robberies , hijackings .
It is very in your face , it is very gruesome .
The robbers will come in and not only attack a couple , [ but ] rape the wife , and severely assault the husband .
" People are worried about what the government is trying to feed them .
The violence associated with crime is increasing . "
And while the South African police can point to decreasing crime and the efforts they are making , fighting the fear of violence is harder .
Below is a selection of your comments .
I have lived in SA for 30 years and but for an aged father with dementia would be there still ( I will return ) .
I travel back each year and on my last three visits have taken my new partner .
Initially she felt intimidated at traffic lights where your car can be surrounded by hawkers selling everything you 've never needed .
However she now tells people how she actually feels safer in certain places in SA than the UK , such as underground car parks that are well lit and heavily patrolled .
My advice is enjoy the friendly people , take their advice on where to avoid and you 'll have a great time .
Phil Shawcross , Manchester , England British tourists walk around the streets of Cape Town central business district in their thousands from their hotels during rugby , cricket and other tours .
Plenty of British schools have tours to South Africa for hockey , cricket , rugby etc .
The existence of a tourism industry in Cape Town is due to the isolation of crime to areas affected most by poverty , areas not frequented by tourists .
The Olympic Park in East London ... now that could be more dangerous than walking around Cape Town stadium , the waterfront , CBD and many other parts .
Rafa , Cape Town I , for one acknowledge that SA has a huge crime problem .
But it 's quite amazing how crime becomes a big issue when we are hosting the Soccer World Cup - a sport generally regarded to be a " black sport " in SA .
But there was n't any such negativity and talks when we hosted both the Rugby and Cricket World Cups - ironically sports associated with " whites " in SA .
I wonder why that is ?
I admit that Rugby and Cricket World Cups are not as big as the soccer showpiece ...
But they do attract tourists nonetheless .
Sabonga , Johannesburg
This report throws up a much more pervasive problem within wider society .
Fear of violence is more often than not a self - perpetuating problem .
If someone is attacked , fewer people are willing to risk walking down that street or in that area , which increases the likelihood of being attacked .
The best thing to do is keep going about normal business as long as humanly possible , show the criminals that you are not scared and make crimes harder for them to commit .
Emily , Lancaster I am an American student living in South Africa now for almost six months .
I have not seen any crime or been a victim of any crime .
However , friends of mine have been .
The circumstances always seems to be the same : late at night , alcohol involved , and not well light streets .
As long as you travel in groups , use common sense , and use caution at night you should not encounter any problems .
Erin , Port Elizabeth , SA Thank you for such a balanced depiction of the situation in South Africa .
Percy Molele , Pretoria , South Africa My Mum is South African and I 've visited many times .
I think that as long as you are sensible and do n't wear any flash jewellery or clothes , draw unnecessary attention to yourself or wonder around the streets at night then you should have no problems .
I 'd also warn people that the police are not always the most honest people .
Pete , W2 , London
Pete makes a good point and it's something tourists should be aware of .
Some police can be opportunist and manipulative .
This does n't mean all but some will be on the look out to make an extra few bucks here and there from naive tourists .
But then , I have had some exceptionally efficient and pleasant dealings with police there which makes me believe that they can provide the security necessary for such a large event .
Neil , Herts , UK
These kind of reports are getting quite tiresome .
Yes South Africa has a high crime rate but as is correctly pointed out much of the serious crime is located in certain areas .
South Africa has hosted a rugby world cup , a cricket world cup a lions series and numerous other international sporting events without major incident .
In fact the IPL relocated there last year because it was felt that South Africa was a lot safer than India at the time .
I 'm not denying that crime is a problem in South Africa , it is , but the continued media scare mongering over the issue is becoming very tiresome .
Much like any city in the world there are areas that should be avoided and the best way to avoid any undesirable situations is a small bit of common sense .
Conor , London , England I was in Jo'burg a couple of years ago with work .
Whilst I did n't see any trouble I got a serious talking to from the guys in the office for walking the 300 m from the hotel .
They said I was mad to walk anywhere .
Johnny , Southport
We visited South Africa earlier this year and everyone ( and I mean everyone ) we spoke to about the possibility of violence during the World Cup said they were really worried about the football hooligans coming from England .
Helen Robinson , Henley - on - Thames Sometimes seeking advice from the locals may give an exaggerated picture of crime in an area as well .
I , for example , moved back from London to Durban about a year ago after spending 6 years in London .
I asked friends and family about safety concerns .
Basically , South Africans - at least in Durban - do n't walk anywhere .
I live 15 min walk from one of the busiest streets in Durban for bars and restaurants and people consider me crazy and have warned me not to walk there .
I , however , do so regularly and have never had a problem .
This is in a good area and a busy area as well but the general phobia is here too .
South Africans like to dwell on the many things they can't do because of crime and getting a clear picture of what you can and can't do is very difficult .
Gareth , Durban , South Africa " I would n't go to dodgy areas in London says Pretoria News crime reporter Graeme Hosken . "
This is nonsense , there is not any " no go " areas in London .
Clearly some streets are best avoided after dark , but comparing South African cities with London is to give false confidence to tourists to that country .
Hugh , London I have just ( Sunday ) returned from Jo'burg on business .
There is an element of " it 's really bad out here " but fear itself does breed fear .
I am more worried about drunk English chaps thinking they have the measure of bad areas and taking on police , taxi drivers and others .
Be streetwise and enjoy - it is a wonderful country .
Clive Hollingshead , Wokingham , UK I was in SA for two months recently .
I got robbed while sleeping in my bed and mugged outside CT station ( do n't look like you 're a stranger in town - keep moving ) .
Hugh Kent , Shrewsbury , UK I have lived in both London and Johannesburg .
I have NEVER once been threatened or harmed in JHB .
I have however been mugged ... on Clapham High Street in broad daylight .
It is about awareness - I defy you to walk around Stockwell or Brixton at night with a camera around your neck and see if you do n't get done .
Matt , Johannesburg , South Africa
To every contributor who complains about scaremongering , the facts speak for themselves .
Look at the BBC 's graph - Britain 's figures INCLUDE manslaughter and infanticide whilst SA 's DOESN'T .
If it did , the figure would be probably 36,000 v 660 odd .
I grew up in SA and still have family and many friends there .
I 've now lived in the UK for over 14 years so believe I 'm qualified to speak on behalf of both .
In SA , there 's a proliferation of firearms .
Everyone ( rightly or wrongly ) likes to carry one around .
It 's important to be aware that most firearms are n't even LEGALLY sold .
My wife and I walk about Edinburgh and other cities in the UK at night with little or no fear .
We do n't need to avoid stopping at red traffic lights ; contemplate the prospect of miscreants posing as policemen ; and heaven forbid risk rape and murder for as little as an expensive watch or cellphone .
I strongly advise tourists to do as this article suggests - seek local advice and do n't take any chances .
Justin Fryer , Edinburgh , Scotland I lived in Johannesburg for nearly six years , loved it to bits but found I was in a siege mentality when I returned to Britain .
Be prepared for hectic driving , lock your doors , close your windows .
Do n't be frightened of the people walking between cars at the traffic lights , they are sellers and beggars .
Keep an eye on anybody close to your vehicle - use your mirrors .
At open - air car parks and on - street parking expect men and women to offer to watch your car .
Sometimes they will even be in uniform .
Only give them money when you leave and make sure you give it to the right person .
Do n't show jewellery .
Keep a sacrificial wallet or purse .
I always carried my passport but you may be advised not to .
I just did not want to end up like visiting colleagues did , sitting in a room with suspected illegal immigrants who could not show a South African ID book .
Be vigilant , do n't expect to get away with wide - eyed " I'm a tourist , nothing bad will happen " behaviour and above all , enjoy the country .
It is beautiful , vibrant and amazing , and deserves to have better times than it has right now .
Leigh , Walsall I have just returned from South Africa , a two - month foot , bus and car journey .
I stayed in hostels in all the major cities , townships , villages , slept in my camper and even camped out in random unnamed communities .
If anyone had wanted a more vulnerable target then it would have been difficult to find one more obvious than me , a 50 - something loner with a camera and backpack .
However I met nothing but kindness , help and welcome .
Every day , bar / hostel TVs showed lurid news reports of incidents , some really disturbing .
Did I ever feel threatened ?
Well yes .
When you are lost at night , low on petrol , no obvious place to camp , and immersed in an unfamiliar culture , the mind throws up a thousand possibilities and few are positive .
Every morning , however , the sun rose and my smile returned .
Matt Stewart , Glasgow
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
( CNN ) -- John Cazale is probably the most famously unfamous actor in the history of cinema .
Fans of the actor , who is most recognized for portraying Fredo in " The Godfather " and its sequel , know his work and love him -- yet practically nothing is known about the man .
" His greatest ability was making the actors and filmmakers around him look really good , " said Richard Shepard , director of " I Knew It Was You , " a new documentary about Cazale .
" He worked on three movies with [ Francis Ford ] Coppola , he did three films with [ Al ] Pacino , he did two movies with [ Robert ] De Niro , and he did a play and a movie with [ Meryl ] Streep .
These people wanted to continue to work with him because they knew he made them better . "
The documentary , which airs on HBO Tuesday night , shines a light on the actor and his times .
Cazale , who died in 1978 of cancer at age 42 , was at the heart of the ' 70s film golden age , despite appearing in just five films -- " The Godfather , " " The Godfather Part II , " " The Conversation , " " Dog Day Afternoon " and " The Deer Hunter . "
Every one was nominated for a best picture Academy Award .
( HBO , like CNN , is a unit of Time Warner . )
The documentary takes its title from the iconic moment in " The Godfather II " in which Pacino as Michael Corleone grabs Cazale as his older brother , Fredo , kisses him on the mouth and says " I know it was you , Fredo .
You broke my heart . "
The film was a labor of love for Shepard , a writer who also directed " The Matador . "
He first saw " The Godfather " as a child growing up in New York and remembered being haunted by Cazale 's acting .
" I remember connecting with a sadness in Fredo 's eyes , " Shepard recalled .
" I was n't a sad kid , but I connected with the vulnerability in that character . "
Shepard said that as an adult he looked up information about Cazale and could find very little .
He tracked down the actor 's brother , an act that began a three - year odyssey .
In the movie , acclaimed actors such as Steve Buscemi and Philip Seymour Hoffman discuss their admiration of Cazale 's work , while those who worked with him , such as Coppola , Pacino , director Sidney Lumet and playwright Israel Horovitz , talk about his talent .
But the filmmaker 's biggest get was actress Meryl Streep , who worked with Cazale on " The Deer Hunter " and was involved in a love affair with him when he died .
Shepard said it took a year of coaxing to persuade Streep to talk , beginning with Cazale 's brother contacting her about the project .
" She 's extremely private and she had never spoken publicly about John or her relationship with him , " Shepard said .
" Once she realized that we had the best of intentions , she was on board . "
Shepard said he decided to steer away from straight biography and focus on how Cazale 's talent touched others , especially once the director heard both Pacino and Streep speak so powerfully about him .
" He was an interesting guy if you accepted that he liked to drink , he liked to smoke , he liked to sleep around with women and he liked to act , " Shepard said .
" He was an actor and it 's not like he climbed Mount Everest blind .
But once Pacino and Streep told me about what he taught them about acting I realized that was where the documentary needed to go . "
Cazale 's work influenced an entire generation of actors and filmmakers , said director Brett Ratner , who produced the film .
But , he added , he believes Cazale has too long been ignored .
" He never got any accolades , " said Ratner , best known as the director of the " Rush Hour " films .
" His movies garnered like 58 Oscar nominations and he was n't nominated for a single Academy Award . "
Ratner said Cazale is so esteemed partly because of his skill at disappearing into a character .
" He was able to change himself from character to character , unlike some actors who you are always seeing the actor as themselves , " Ratner said .
" He immersed himself so deeply that he became that character , he just breathed such life into them . "
Ratner said he hopes viewers take away from the documentary a newfound appreciation of Cazale 's limited body of work .
Cazale was his favorite actor , Ratner said , and committed to his art in a way that few are today .
" So many actors now become famous and they completely forget about the craft , " Ratner said .
" My hope would be that he could receive a posthumous Oscar .
That would be great . "
Adobe ’s Flash video software has become a flashpoint in negotiations between Apple CEO Steve Jobs and Big Media .
On a day when Apple execs probably cheered the fact the company had surpassed Microsoft as the world ’s most valuable tech company , Jobs was grappling with resistance from Tinseltown over Apple ’s ongoing fight with Adobe .
Sources said several large media companies , including Time Warner and NBC Universal , told Apple they wo n’t retool their extensive video libraries to accommodate the iPad , arguing that such a reformatting would be expensive and not worth it because Flash dominates the Web .
Though the iPad has been a huge hit , media companies are feeling emboldened in their rebuffing of Apple by the launch of rival touch - screen tablet devices , such as the ones coming from Dell Computer and Hewlett - Packard , sources said .
In addition , one media executive pointed out that Apple ’s ability to dictate terms to the media giants will be weakened further by Google TV , a software product that enables viewers to watch online video on their big- screen TVs .
Jobs banned Flash software from running on Apple devices , arguing that the world ’s most popular video software is unfit for his devices .
Instead , he favors video software written in Web software language called HTML5 .
Said an Apple spokeswoman , “ We believe in open standards like HTML5 . ”
The media companies ’ refusal to cave in to Jobs marks another setback at a time when Apple has had its share of both good and bad news .
In the plus column , Apple ’s $ 221.1 billion market cap yesterday topped Microsoft ’s $ 219.2 billion , making it the most valuable tech company .
However , Apple is facing scrutiny from the Justice Department over tactics it uses in pricing songs sold on iTunes .
Apple shares closed down $ 1.17 to $ 244.05 .
Microsoft shares fell $ 1.06 to $ 25.01 .
In the Apple vs. Adobe fight , Big Media ’s decision not to acquiesce to Apple ’s demands will be a boon to Adobe , which has gotten beaten up by Jobs ’ withering criticism of Flash .
Time Warner , in particular , is against the walled - garden , subscription - only model promoted by Apple in part because Time Warner is promoting its “ TV Everywhere ” initiative , which aims to make content platform agnostic so long as users can prove they are pay - TV customers .
Not surprisingly , Disney , which counts Jobs as its largest shareholder , has created an iPad app that lets users watch ABC shows for free .
CBS , using an iPad-enabled Web browser , is also working with Apple , but to a limited extent , offering only a handful of shows .
Both Fox News ( which , like The Post , is owned by News Corp. ) and CNN offer free video clips using HTML5 on the iPad .
Join Nemaa
Joining NEMAA is a great way to support local artists and help build a more vibrant community .
Many men are booking MILF escort for different reasons .
These companions are not just sufficiently old to be the mothers of their clients .
They also [… ]
Dietary factors have long been known to play a major role in the development of obesity .
The global increasing prevalence of obesity suggests that there should be some common changes in diet worldwide .
In fact , a significant , yet , often neglected worldwide change in dietary factors in the past few decades is the food fortification - induced marked increase in the content of niacin .
However , the effect of long - term exposure to excess niacin on human health remains to be unclear .
A research team from China examined the role of excess nicotinamide in glucose metabolism using co-loading of glucose and nicotinamide test .
They proved that excess niacin intake - induced biphasic response , i.e. , insulin resistance in the early phase and hypoglycemia in the late phase , may be a primary cause for the increased appetite in obesity .
Their study will be published on May 21 , 2010 in the World Journal of Gastroenterology .
The study also revealed for the first time that the obesity prevalence among US children and adolescents increased in parallel with the increase of the per capita niacin consumption with a 10 - year lag , in which niacin fortification - induced sharp increase in niacin contents in grain products may play a major role .
Reducing niacin intake and facilitating niacin elimination through sweat - inducing physical activity may be a key factor in the prevention and treatment of obesity .
It seems that the long - term safety of niacin fortification needs to be carefully evaluated .
By the time they finish reading this post , I expect that a few of my old friends from Houston will be packing a box of shells , securing rifles in their gun-racks , and starting the long journey north to have a word with me .
They will undoubtedly think that I have lost all my marbles , and am in desperate need of a little “ Come to Jesus ” parley ( that ’s more or less an intervention for those of us that speak plain English ) .
Having just read the words “ Frenchman ” and “ Chili ” in the same phrase will have left them just this side of insanity , and I suspect that once they ’ve recovered from their apoplexia , they ’ll be feelin ’ the need to set me straight .
If you never hear from me again , then you ’ll know they found me .
Why , you must be asking , am I willing to take such a risk by sharing this recipe ?
Because the Frenchman I am referring to is Chef Daniel Boulud , and his chili is the best I ’ve ever had !
I know …I know , I am as surprised as the rest of you ( well , maybe not you Texans ) , but the texture , depth of flavor , and spice of this chili will make a believer out of you in short order .
Yes , this king of French cuisine does know a thing or two about chili , and I ’d wager that this thoughtful and simple recipe will have you singing “ La Marseillaise ” every time you have a bowl .
Our kids love this dish as well , and there is plenty of chopping , mixing and measuring to keep yours busy in the kitchen with you while you ’re making it .
If any of you are sensitive to spice you ’ll want to scale back on the chili powder a bit .
This is not a hell - fire hot chili , but it does pack a punch , as any good chili should .
By BosNewsLife Asia Service reporting from Pakistan
RAWALPINDI , PAKISTAN ( BosNewsLife ) – A Christian man was fighting for his life in Pakistan ’s Punjab province Saturday , March 20 , after Muslim leaders backed by police burned him alive for refusing to convert to Islam , while his wife was raped by police officers , Christian and hospital sources familiar with the case told BosNewsLife .
Arshed Masih was burned Friday , March 19 , in front of a police station in the city of Rawalpindi near Pakistan ’s capital Islamabad , following apparent death threats from his Muslim employer Sheikh Mohammad Sultan , an influential businessman , and religious leaders , said the Rawalpindi Holy Family Hospital .
His wife , Martha Arshed , was allegedly raped by police officers .
Their three children — ranging in age from 7 to 12 – were reportedly forced to witness the attacks against their parents .
“ Both [ Masih ] and wife were rushed to the Holy Family Hospital and are under treatment , ” the hospital said .
He was listed in serious condition with about 80 percent of his body burned .
POLICE INVESTIGATION
Local police officials said they were “ aware ” of the attacks carried out by Muslim leaders and apparently at least some officers and added that an investigation was underway .
No arrests were reported yet late Saturday , March 19 .
Sheikh Mohammad Sultan could not immediately be reached for comment and it was not clear whether he had been in contact with police Saturday , March 20 .
Before tensions emerged about their Christian faith , Masih worked as a driver and his wife as a maid for the Muslim businessman since 2005 , Christians said .
The couple apparently lived with their children in the servant quarters of Sultan ’s estate in Rawalpindi , a key trade and tourist destination .
In January , religious leaders and Sultan allegedly asked Arshed to convert to Islam with his whole family .
After he refused , the group reportedly threatened him with “ dire consequences ” .
DEATH THREAT
Arshed offered to quit his job , but the businessman allegedly said he would “ kill ” him if he were to leave .
He apparently also told Christian mediators that he would never allow the Christian family to live somewhere else .
This week tensions rose after Sultan reported a theft of 500,000 Pakistani Rupees ( 5,952 $ ) , according to a document seen by BosNewsLife .
The Christian family members were not named as suspects in the so - called ‘ First Information Report ’ from police .
Sources familiar with the situation , who asked not to be identified for security reasons , told BosNewsLife that the businessman had offered the couple to drop the case if they convert to Islam or “ else that both would not see their children again . ”
However , “ Arshed refused to convert and stood firm in his faith .
Arshed`s wife was raped by the police and he was burned alive , ” Friday , March 19 , local Christians said , speaking on condition of anonimity .
The case comes at a time when church groups have complained about growing attacks against minority Christians by Muslim militants , often with the alleged support by local law enforcement officials and other authorities .
( BosNewsLife Asia Service includes BosNewsLife correspondents often working in difficult circumstances .
In some cases , including this report , their names are not mentioned due to security concerns .
With editing by BosNewsLife ’s Stefan J. Bos ) .
ALSO READ :
By Captain Pyke | May 30 , 2010 - 10:21 pm
June 11th through the 13th is the date and Philadelphia , PA .
apparently is the place for an awesome gathering of Trek stars .
Among other stars from various scifi and fantasy genres , you 'll get the chance to see three captains ( two Starfleet and one Gorn ) , a father and son duo of omnipotent beings , an android , our favorite Russian navigator , and the son of the Emissary .
Just added to the roster is none other than Sir Patrick Stewart .
Wizard World is currently working with Sir Patrick to set up one or two panel discussions that should prove enjoyable .
We did n't intentionally plan our list to be a guessing game , but we enjoyed it none - the - less .
Check out the full list of Trek stars below .
Patrick Stewart
Avery Brooks
Bobby Clark
John De Lancie
Keegan De Lancie
Brent Spiner
Walter Koenig
Cirroc Lofton
Not only do you get to see a fine list of Trek stars , but Mike TeeVee & the Soup Nazi will be there as well .
How could you go wrong ?!
Philadelphia Comic Con Info
SHOW HOURS
FRIDAY , JUNE 11 , 2010 - 12 NOON - 8PM
SATURDAY , JUNE 12 , 2010 - 10 AM - 7PM
SUNDAY , JUNE 13 , 2010 - 10 AM - 5 PM
LOCATION
PENNSYLVANIA CONVENTION CENTER
1101 ARCH ST .
PHILADELPHIA , PA 19107
Check out the Wizard World website for ticket information .
May you live in interesting times .
Mission accomplished .
I ’m there , as we all are .
As we always have been , during two million years of the human experience .
May you attract the attention of the government .
I ’m there , as I have been for years .
To remove all doubt , about five years ago I placed a call to then - Governor Napolitano ’s lead advisers on two topics , Energy and Agriculture & Natural Resources .
I begged and pleaded with them , but they kept coming back with their singular response : “ There is nothing we can do about global peak oil . ”
It took a couple years for me to figure out what they meant because , of course , there are many things the government can and should do to mitigate for declining energy supplies .
Government officials could start by letting citizens in on the truth about energy .
So , what did members of the governor ’s staff really mean ?
There are no politically viable solutions .
In this case , telling the truth is political suicide .
The impending death of millions of people — and perhaps billions — pales in comparison to political careerism .
May you find what you ’re looking for .
I ’m talking to a naturalist I barely know .
His one - year - old son is resting on his shoulders and treating a cattail as his personal magic wand .
The seeds of the cattail are falling into the hair and beard of the 40 - year - old naturalist as the boy succumbs to his own personal energy crisis and , fighting all the way down , succumbs to slumber .
I ’m writing a book about the dire nature of our predicaments and I mention the high likelihood of a global economic collapse within a decade or so .
The naturalist does n’t bat an eye before responding : “ I hope I ’m around to see it .
I do n’t want my son to have all the fun . ”
Fast forward six years , and I ’m sharing a property with the naturalist and his young son .
Collapse of the industrial economy is well underway , and has entered the acceleration phase of its death spiral .
Obviously , we will live to see the final stages of the ongoing collapse of the industrial economy .
As a result , we might see the living planet take the first tentative steps to a comeback .
Or perhaps not .
Maybe in the coming few years we will die , collateral damage of the demise of the industrial economy .
Just like entire ecosystems in the Gulf of Mexico and the millions of species organisms within them , consumed by the fire as Rome goes up in flames .
Maybe lifting the curse of industry will reveal a worse fate , at least at the level of individuals .
But it ’s difficult to imagine a situation in which termination of the industrial age will not improve the lots of every non-industrial culture and every non-human species on this planet .
May we find what we ’re looking for , regardless of the personal cost .
___________________
This essay is permalinked at Energy Bulletin , Counter Currents , and remedios ’s posterous .
What Happens When It is Possible to Pirate All of Ebooks in One File ?
What happens when : 1 ) .
All books get converted to ebooks .
2 ) .
Everybody becomes comfortable with this .3 ) .
Maybe the size of all the ebooks in the world is a terabyte or something . 4 ) .
A terabyte starts costing fifty bucks .5 ) .
Suddenly you do n't have to make a million agonizing moral decisions about whether or not to steal a book that you want ... 6 ) .
... you have to make one moral decision once .
Do I steal ALL of books ?
Do I download the file " books . TPB " that will take seven minutes ?
Do I send troops to Spain and fight the Spanish in the jungles for the opportunity to break my back digging gold out of the goddamn ground , or do I wait for Spain to send her treasure galleon home and then ambush it with one dinky ship filled with thirty ugly cutthroats ? 7 ) .
Every human will make the decision to download " books .
TPB " eventually .
*** SO WHAT ELSE CAN PUBLISHERS SELL THAT IS NOT AN EBOOK ( worthless ) BUT THAT TURNS INTO AN EBOOK IF THAT IS HOW PEOPLE READ ?
NOTE : Even if we police the crap out of this , some other country will steal all of English books and give them away to destabilize our economy or just because it is hilarious .
And then we will do the same thing to Chinese or Russian books or whatever .
Dialectical hilarity .
Dialarity .
The New Faith of the internet .
Solutions : 1 ) .
Sell " seeds " : digital sculptures that cannot be copied , which contain all the possible iterations of an ebook ( and POD book designs ) , and can be updated when linked to the internet .
These seeds can also be used as empty storage space if necessary , but even empty they are still a signifier of the art and intellectual property inside .
Also , a seed can contain audiobooks , movies , and all manner of extras designed to create a Discrete Item that is as valuable as possible .
No more bookstores .
Seedstores .
Note :
Here 's how to sell the " Harry Potter " ebooks , for instance .
2 ) .
Sell an interactive , community book experience -- access to a website dedicated to each book that includes comment - able paragraph trees , message board discussion , errata , extras , dating opportunities , and all sorts of strange internet bullshit .3 ) .
Begin publishing books as installments in online literary magazines again .
Unwritten plots cannot be stolen ( yet ) . 4 ) .
Do no more sweetheart deals with Amazon , Google , or Apple .
Begin to see them as competition .
As publishers , throw your lot in with pirates to create products that compete against film , television , and the internet entertainment experience in order to give people the Bread of the Fucking Spirit they are missing .
Make books hard to get again !
Impregnable fortresses of Fiction Crack ! 5 ) .
Push hard for POD distribution in bookstores across the country .
Subsidize this if you have to .
Start with the college bookstores who can afford it , and once the bugs are worked out , roll this over to independent bookstores in urban centers .
You do not have to remainder POD books .
POD books are not synonymous with " self - publishing . "
It is just a far , far better distribution platform for cheap paperbacks , which is a huge USED market that publishers are n't seeing a dime on .
6 ) . Send writers on tour in packs to raise the profile of readings .
Do n't just send one writer around the country to do readings : send five , and turn these readings into events for which writers practice and prepare .
Make readings into spectacles that get people excited about reading and literature .
Use music and multimedia , and stop doing " signings " which are recockulous and make both authors and fans feel dead inside . 7 ) .
Increase the amount of publications that have book review sections and short fiction sections .
Short fiction is the cornerstone of American literature .
If people like somebody 's short stories , then they will look for that author in a bookstore and find their novels .
Increase the online presence of book review indexes and short story magazine databases .
Why is there no literature section on Digg , for instance ?
Exert pressure .
Make this happen .
Put literature wherever people are reading .
Shove fiction into people 's politics if you must . 8 ) .
Agents should create greater submissions transparency !
One reason Amazon is eating everyone 's lunch so hard is the speed and transparency of their manuscript submissions system .
You must stop disrespecting the slush pile .
When you submit a novel to Amazon for their contests , they track it and tell you when it is rejected and why .
Sure , lots of people write bad novels .
THESE ARE YOUR AUDIENCE .
Also , people who write a bad novel now might write a good novel later .
People feel like Amazon respects them .
Respect fiction writers , even if they are not ready for a wide audience yet .9 ) .
Why the fuck do you ignore Ed Champion so hard ?
Give that man money .
Make him famous .
He works harder for you than basically anyone that you employ .
Publishers should push to increase his visibility , to increase his volume , and to increase his access .
His interviews with authors are the best interviews available today .
He is a one man Paris Review !
DOES HE HAVE CIA CONNECTIONS ?
WHAT ARE YOU AFRAID OF ?
Are you afraid of his integrity ?
Weird. 10 ) .
Treat fiction like entertainment and hire people who can sell fiction as entertainment .
NOTE : anybody who went to an Ivy League school for larks or who can afford to intern for free will not be able to do this .
You need fucking thugs .
Book thugs .
I believe they even have their own bookstore down in Brooklyn now.11 ) .
Know this : the prestige of validation that once was your currency is quickly fading away .
People under twenty will not fight to let you publish them unless you are doing something that they could n't do themselves much easier and much more effectively .
There will never be a return to a golden age of publishing .
There never was such an age .
Reading has always been a strange , niche activity for solitary weirdos .
However , there are more solitary weirdos now more than ever .
The next few decades could be the golden age of publishing if publishers strategize correctly .
Instead of worrying about distribution , marketing , money , and technology , publishers could worry about Fiction again -- outsourcing these problems and forming tight editorial cabals that have taste and sense .
Converting your entire book catalog to proprietary code in order to reach a small number of rich readers is the worst idea possible .
Apple , Amazon , and Google are reinvesting the money they have already taken from you to con you into thinking this is a good idea so that you will relinquish the rest of your market share .
Who do you think pays for all those seminars , think tanks , and ebook slide shows ?
Do not be foolish .
These corporations do n't give a fuck whether they sell books or not .
They just want traffic for ads .
Best case scenario for them : all books are free and people never leave their computers , buying worthless leisure goods constantly to keep themselves feeling balanced and safe .
Literature is supposed to shake up the secure and give succor to the broken - hearted .
There is enough money in this for the project to sustain itself , but the money is not where you seem to think it is .
A top executive of BP PLC said Sunday there was " no certainty " that the company 's latest fallback attempt to control the Gulf of Mexico oil spill would work .
" We 're all disappointed the top kill did n't work , " Bob Dudley , managing director of BP , said on " Fox News Sunday . "
He was referring to the failure of BP 's effort to stem the oil by pumping heavy drilling liquids into the well .
The company now plans to try to contain the flow of oil from the leak with a " lower marine riser package , " or cap .
The operation would involve removing a broken drilling pipe , or riser , that lies atop the blowout preventer and capping the valve with a siphon that would take the oil to the surface .
Mr. Dudley said " there is no certainty " that the operation — which BP officials say has never been carried out in 5,000 feet of water — would work .
" The question is how much of the oil " the company will be able to contain , Mr. Dudley said .
He said he did n't believe the operation would make the spill worse .
Meanwhile , a top aide to President Barack Obama said the administration was preparing for the prospect that none of the measures BP is pursuing , other than relief wells that are several months away , will stop or contain the oil gushing into the Gulf .
JOHANNESBURG —
Two gay men in Malawi , convicted this week of unnatural acts and gross indecency , were sentenced Thursday to the maximum penalty allowed by law , 14 years of hard labor in prison .
The harsh sentence was immediately deplored by human rights groups around the world , but Magistrate Nyakwawa Usiwa Usiwa , in reading his judgment , seemed adamant in his ruling .
He said he was especially offended that the two lovers celebrated their relationship in public with an engagement party .
“ I do not believe Malawi is ready at this point in time to see its sons getting married to other sons , or cohabitating , or conducting engagement ceremonies , ” the magistrate said .
“ Malawi is not ready to smile at her daughters marrying each other .
Let posterity judge this judgment . ”
The couple — Tiwonge Chimbalanga , 33 , and Steven Monjeza , 26 — remained still as they heard the sentence , though Mr. Monjeza was seen weeping after the two were handcuffed and led away .
As with earlier court appearances , a sizable crowd was outside , mostly to ridicule the men and rejoice at the spectacle .
Image caption U2's manager said the injury could cause further postponements
U2's lead singer Bono has had emergency spinal surgery after suffering an injury while preparing for tour dates .
The 50 - year - old musician was treated at a specialist neurosurgery clinic in Munich and is expected to stay there for a number of days .
He will then return to his home in Ireland to recuperate further , a spokesman said .
The band 's next tour date in the US on 3 June has been postponed , while their Glastonbury appearance may be in doubt .
Glastonbury appearance
Further information about the possible impact on other tour dates would be announced in due course , a statement on the band 's website added .
The Irish rock band was due to perform a string of gigs across North America , returning to Europe in August .
They were due to begin rehearsals on Tuesday for the opening date in Salt Lake City , and are scheduled to headline the Glastonbury Festival on 25 June .
U2 manager Paul McGuinness said of the tour : " We will make plans to reinstate the dates as soon as possible . "
He added it was " unfortunate that we 're inconveniencing fans " and that it was causing disruption to the band 's 400 - strong crew .
He advised fans to continue monitoring the U2 website for further news .
The 360 Degree tour earned the band around $ 109 m ( £ 75.3 m ) in 2009 , making it the world 's most profitable of the year , according to figures from Billboard magazine .
Washington ( CNN ) --
White House Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel used former President Bill Clinton as an intermediary last year as part of a failed administration effort to dissuade Pennsylvania Rep.
Joe Sestak from running for the U.S. Senate , according to a publicly released memorandum from the White House legal counsel 's office .
Top White House lawyer Robert Bauer conceded that " options for Executive Branch service were raised " for Sestak , but insisted that administration officials did not act improperly .
He characterized the attempt to influence Pennsylvania 's Democratic Senate primary -- ultimately won by Sestak -- as no different from political maneuvers by past administrations from both political parties .
Key Republicans disagreed with Bauer 's assessment .
Several House GOP members sent a letter to the FBI Friday asking for an investigation .
The White House was instrumental in last year 's switch by Pennsylvania Sen. Arlen Specter from the GOP to the Democratic Party .
President Barack Obama backed Specter in his bid for a sixth term in the Senate , and the administration was eager to clear the field of any primary opponents .
Bauer stated in the memo that efforts " were made in June and July of 2009 to determine whether Congressman Sestak would be interested in service on a presidential or other Senior Executive Branch Advisory Board , which would avoid a divisive Senate primary , allow him to retain his seat in the House , and provide him with an opportunity for additional service to the public in a high - level advisory capacity . "
Sestak would not have been paid for any advisory work , Bauer insisted .
Emanuel " enlisted the support of former President Clinton who agreed to raise with ... Sestak options of service , " Bauer said .
Sestak declined the suggested options , he said .
" Last summer , I received a phone call from President Clinton , " Sestak confirmed Friday in a written statement .
" During the course of the conversation , he expressed concern over my prospects if I were to enter the Democratic primary for U.S. Senate .
...
He said that White House Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel had spoken with him about my being on a presidential board while remaining in the House of Representatives .
I said no . "
Bauer said that the White House , contrary to one widely circulated rumor , did not offer Sestak the position of secretary of the Navy .
He noted Obama nominated Ray Mabus for the position on March 26 , 2009 , more than a month before Specter switched to the Democratic Party .
Bauer insisted there was no impropriety in the White House 's efforts .
" The Democratic Party leadership had a legitimate interest in averting a divisive primary fight and a similarly legitimate concern about the congressman vacating his seat in the House , " he wrote .
The White House 's attempt to keep Sestak out of the Senate race was " fully consistent with the relevant law and ethical requirements . "
California GOP Rep. Darrell Issa , who has pushed for the appointment of a special prosecutor to examine the incident , vehemently disagreed with Bauer 's conclusions .
The White House " has admitted to a misdemeanor ... and co-opted President Clinton " in it , Issa insisted .
" Is Rahm Emanuel going to stay if in fact he violated the law ? "
Clinton " of all people would be held to a standard of knowing exactly where the line is , " Issa said .
" If he crossed it , he crossed it knowingly . "
Issa said that it is " not the job offer [ but ] the quid pro quo .
...
It 's the ' I will give you this job to clear a primary . ' "
Issa joined several other House Republicans in urging the FBI to investigate allegations of bribery .
" Assurances by the Obama White House that no laws were broken are like the Nixon White House promising it did nothing illegal in connection with Watergate .
Clearly , an independent investigation is necessary to determine once and for all what really happened , " they wrote in a letter to FBI Director Robert Mueller .
Sestak , a former Navy admiral and two - term Philadelphia - area congressman , dismissed the GOP 's allegations of wrongdoing , telling reporters that if he had thought something was wrong , he would have reported it .
" Washington , D.C. , is often about political deals , " Sestak said .
He insisted that Clinton spoke to him only once about the proposal .
Obama said Thursday that he can " assure the public that nothing improper took place . "
The president , however , refused to give any more details , even as some Democrats have demanded the White House be more forthcoming about the matter .
Since Sestak 's May 18 primary victory , Republicans have been relentless in keeping the controversy in the news .
On Wednesday , all seven Republican members of the Senate Judiciary Committee called for a special prosecutor to look into the matter .
One of the unpaid positions that the White House suggested offering Sestak was an appointment to the president 's Intelligence Advisory Board , which gives the president independent oversight and advice .
But it was determined that Sestak could not serve on the board , since he was an active a member of Congress .
It appears that Emanuel picked Clinton as a go - between with Sestak because of the former president 's stature as an elder statesman and prominent figure in the Democratic Party , and because Sestak worked on the National Security Council during Clinton 's years in the White House .
Sestak backed former first lady and then - Sen. Hillary Clinton in the 2008 Democratic presidential primaries .
According to a source at the State Department , Emanuel remains on a trip to Israel and is not expected to be back in the country until Monday .
CNN 's Dana Bash , John King , Suzanne Malveaux and Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report .
David Liebe
Hart is a self - described actor , artist , puppeteer , singer , and songwriter who has been trying to make it big in Hollywood for over thirty years .
While on his quest for success in Los Angeles , David provides his insights on race , religion , the economy , extraterrestrials , the entertainment industry , and other topics .
David is joined by his two friends : his musical collaborator Adam Papagan and celebrity impersonator James Quall .
' The World According to David Liebe Hart ' is a unique documentary about an extremely fascinating and unique individual .
Written by Anonymous
Back in the day , they used to make some really great cartoons .
Looney Tunes , Merrie Melodies , Tom & Jerry , The Flintstones , The Jetsons , Woody Woodpecker , Scooby Doo , Space Ghost and a number of other animated series that won the hearts and minds of both kids and adults from world over .
Unfortunately , these awesome shows that were hits in the golden age of American animation are not as widely accessible today .
They are n’t shown frequently on TV and even when they are aired it ’s only on niche channels such as Boomerang .
But if you are a fan classic cartoons who also happens to use BitTorrent trackers , none of this should worry you – NepToons is a private torrent tracker that specializes in cartoons made between 1930s to the early 2000s .
To put it short , this site is a godsend for fans of both retro and modern cartoons .
NepToons ( formerly known as Fox Kids ) launched sometime back in last October .
Initially there was an open signup as well as an IRC invite giveaway but since then , the site has been invite only for several long months .
Good news here is that NepToons sysops have decided to open the floodgates for a limited time .
Quoted below is a news post found on site homepage :
NepTOONS
Tracker will open its gates to the whole world on Tuesday , the 11th of May 2010 .
The free sign - up period will be undetermined .
Tell all your friends that we`re waiting for them
Currently NepToons tracks just 225 + active torrents .
However , there ’s no reason to be turned off by this relatively low amount of torrents – there ’s a shitload of content here .
Why ?
Almost all of the torrents indexed here are collections ; these are either complete seasons or full series packs usually weighing several GB in file size .
Lots of classic cartoons as well as some modern animation are indexed – most of these are exclusives releases you wo n’t find on other private trackers .
Video quality is usually excellent on uploaded releases but there are several different types of rips including DSR ( Digital Satellite Rip ) , VHSRip , DVDRip and even Blu Ray .
Screenshot below should give you a better understanding of the type of stuff you can find on NepToons :
For those who are worried about the looks , Neptoons comes with three different stylesheets that can be used to customize the look and feel of the site .
The default layout is pretty good – it ’s colorful , eye catching and easily navigable .
As said earlier Neptoons is currently open for signup .
This open signup comes almost after 6 months so do n’t waste the opportunity – if you love cartoons , you should check this site out .
Site Name : Neptoons ( http://www.neptoons.info)
Signup URL : http://www.neptoons.info/signup.php
Related Articles
The Cult Of Lena-ism Eurovision 's Next Winner ?
A few months ago Lena Meyer - Landrut , 18 , was singing in the shower .
Now she has an album , three hit singles and is to represent Germany at the Eurovision Song Contest in Oslo .
Lena has won German hearts , but can she charm Europe ?
If Mr. Obama chooses another liberal , it will not alter the fundamental ideological balance on the court .
Nonetheless , the loss of Justice Stevens ’s personal charm , canny tactics and institutional memory can only leave the court ’s more liberal wing in a weakened position .
Justice Stevens , who will turn 90 on April 20 , is the longest - serving member of the current Supreme Court by more than a decade .
He became the senior justice in 1994 with the retirement of Justice Harry A. Blackmun .
That position matters .
When the chief justice is not in the majority , the senior justice in the majority is given the power to assign the majority opinion .
For the last decade and a half , that justice has almost always been Justice Stevens , and he has used that power with patience and skill to forge and maintain alliances in major liberal victories , often locking in Justice Anthony M. Kennedy ’s swing vote by assigning the opinion to him .
Justice Stevens has played a significant and often behind - the - scenes role in cases involving affirmative action , abortion rights and executive power .
He grew disillusioned with the death penalty over the years , announcing in 2008 his conclusion that it violated the Eighth Amendment .
But he went on to say that his conclusion did not justify “ a refusal to respect precedents that remain a part of our law . ”
Image President Gerald R. Ford in 1975 with Chief Justice Warren E. Burger and a new justice , John Paul Stevens , who would go on to become the longest - serving justice by more than a decade .
Credit ... George Tames / The New York Times
And he wrote major dissents in two of the court ’s most hard - fought recent 5 - to - 4 decisions , one ruling that the Second Amendment protects an individual right to own guns , the other that corporations may spend freely in candidate elections .
In that second case , Citizens United , Justice Stevens for the first time showed his age on the bench , stumbling a bit as he read a 20 - minute dissent .
But for all his influence , he was never well known to the public .
When Americans are asked to name members of the Supreme Court in public opinion surveys , his name is routinely the least likely to be mentioned .
Pictures of Lula taking pictures
The above photo of Luiz Inacio Lula Da Silva reminded me that the Brazilian president seems to really like taking pictures while his picture is being taken .
Here he is at the inauguration of the pan-American games in 2006 :
At a meeting with South African President Jacob Zuma in 2008 :
With Fidel Castro in 2010 :
More examples here , here , and here .
Sometimes he lets his buddies take his picture :
Does anyone know what ’s up with this ?
The Internets reveal nothing .
Is the president an amateur photographer or does he just grab cameras from news photographers to clown around ?
Are any of his snaps available anywhere ?
1 .
Food Made VisibleIt might sound odd to say this about something people deal with at least three times a day , but food in America has been more or less invisible , politically speaking , until very recently .
At least until the early 1970s , when a bout of food price inflation and the appearance of books critical of industrial agriculture ( by Wendell Berry , Francis Moore Lappé , and Barry Commoner , among others ) threatened to propel the subject to the top of the national agenda , Americans have not had to think very hard about where their food comes from , or what it is doing to the planet , their bodies , and their society .
Most people count this a blessing .
Americans spend a smaller percentage of their income on food than any people in history — slightly less than 10 percent — and a smaller amount of their time preparing it : a mere thirty - one minutes a day on average , including clean - up .
The supermarkets brim with produce summoned from every corner of the globe , a steady stream of novel food products ( 17,000 new ones each year ) crowds the middle aisles , and in the freezer case you can find “ home meal replacements ” in every conceivable ethnic stripe , demanding nothing more of the eater than opening the package and waiting for the microwave to chirp .
Considered in the long sweep of human history , in which getting food dominated not just daily life but economic and political life as well , having to worry about food as little as we do , or did , seems almost a kind of dream .
The dream that the age - old “ food problem ” had been largely solved for most Americans was sustained by the tremendous postwar increases in the productivity of American farmers , made possible by cheap fossil fuel ( the key ingredient in both chemical fertilizers and pesticides ) and changes in agricultural policies .
Asked by President Nixon to try to drive down the cost of food after it had spiked in the early 1970s , Agriculture Secretary Earl Butz shifted the historical focus of federal farm policy from supporting prices for farmers to boosting yields of a small handful of commodity crops ( corn and soy especially ) at any cost .
The administration ’s cheap food policy worked almost too well : crop prices fell , forcing farmers to produce still more simply to break even .
This led to a deep depression in the farm belt in the 1980s followed by a brutal wave of consolidation .
Most importantly , the price of food came down , or at least the price of the kinds of foods that could be made from corn and soy : processed foods and sweetened beverages and feedlot meat .
( Prices for fresh produce have increased since the 1980s . )
Washington had succeeded in eliminating food as a political issue — an objective dear to most governments at least since the time of the French …
New Urbanism has traditionally positioned itself as an antidote to the soullessness of urban sprawl , with an emphasis on “ soul ” — the ineffable benefits in living in places built to human scale rather than breaking out hard metrics as to why dense mixed - use communities are both qualitatively and quantitatively better than the auto - driven suburb of single - family homes .
But the 18th annual Congress for the New Urbanism is shaping up to be the year New Urbanists demand a seat at the table for fixing two of the most intractable problems facing America in the coming decades : public health and climate change .
The charge for the latter is being led by Peter Calthorpe , a founder of the movement whose firm is best known for the idea of “ transit - oriented development , ” i.e. building dense communities around train stops ( and If that sounds like a no - brainer to you , it ’s a testament to how far they ’ve come ) and Stapleton , the former Denver airport site that is now the largest New Urbanist community in America .
But Calthorpe has something even bigger in mind : bringing urbanism to bear on the debate about how best to combat climate change , using metrics and software that quantifies the savings in both CO2 and dollars from denser urbanism .
“ This policy debate is going forward without us , ” he said .
“ And I think it ’s very important we inject ourselves into it , because we have the best solution for climate change . ”
His lever is California Assembly Bill 32 , the law mandating a state - wide reduction in carbon emissions to 1990 levels by 2020 .
The law is currently under attack from the California Jobs Initiative and its backers , which include Valero Energy Corp . and other oil refiners .
They are seeking to delay implementation of the law until the state ’s unemployment rate falls from 12.6 % to 5.5 % or less for four consecutive quarters .
The state ’s leading Republican contender for governor , former eBay CEO Meg Whitman , has said she would suspend the law if elected , and there is a growing campaign to place a referendum on a delay on the November ballot .
“ If they win , you can give up on any climate change or energy policy at the federal level , ” Calthorpe said , “ because conservatives will say ‘ if they could n’t make it happen in California , ' ” there ’s no way it would go over with the voters in the rest of the United States .
“ It ’s a surgical strike ; they want to kill this thing before it demonstrates its power and efficacy . ”
At the heart of the debate around the law is how much it will cost to mitigate California ’s carbon emissions , and it is here where Calthorpe began his discussion of climate change and urbanism .
Quoting a McKinsey report , he noted that building conservation , transportation efficiency , and energy efficiency all save money while lowering carbon emissions , while opponents of A.B. 32 tended to focus on the technological measures that would cost money to lower them .
The one thing McKinsey refused to consider was a profound change in the urban fabric ; the American way life was non-negotiable .
Calthorpe was disgusted at this .
“ Urbanism is not on the table , really , when it comes to solutions for climate change .
McKinsey leaves out urbanism altogether , assuming we ’re not going to change our behavior when this ” — he gestured at the slide — “ is all at the service of an urban fabric and lifestyle that is fundamentally unsustainable . ”
He followed with a broadside at Al Gore , whose plan to solve climate change is “ all technology , and no urbanism . ”
In 1952 , Ronald Reagan and Nancy Davis married .
In 1972 , prior to their 20th anniversary , Reagan — then Governor of California — wrote the following letter to his wife .
Transcript follows .
Transcript
State of California
GOVERNOR’S OFFICE
SACRAMENTO 95814
RONALD REAGAN
GOVERNOR
My Darling Wife
This note is to warn you of a diabolical plot entered into by some of our so called friends — ( ha ! ) calendar makers and even our own children .
These and others would have you believe we ’ve been married 20 years .
20 minutes maybe — but never 20 years .
In the first place it is a known fact that a human cannot sustain the high level of happiness I feel for more than a few minutes — and my happiness keeps increasing .
I will confess to one puzzlement but I ’m sure it is just some trick perpetrated by our friends — ( Ha again ! )
I ca n’t remember ever being without you and I know I was born more than 20 mins ago .
Oh well — that is n’t important .
The important thing is I do n’t want to be without you for the next 20 years , or 40 , or however many there are .
I ’ve gotten very used to being happy and I love you very much indeed .
Your Husband of 20 something or other .
Image caption
The average American watches five hours of TV a day , Google said
Search giant Google has launched a TV service that unites live television with the web .
The " smart TV " service allows people to search both live channels as well as content from websites such as YouTube .
Special TV sets - or normal TVs connected to a Google box - will also allow people to access the web and download applications .
The first TV sets will be produced by Sony and should be available in the Autumn .
" Video should be consumed on the biggest , brightest , best screen in your house - the television , " said Rishi Chandra of the firm .
" That 's not the PC , or mobile . "
He said that there were currently 4bn TV users worldwide and that around $ 70 bn ( £ 50 bn ) was spent annually on adverts in the US alone .
" There is no better medium to reach a wider and broader audience than TV , " he said .
Google is great at organising information , both legal and illegal Dan Cryan
Google generates the lion 's share of its revenue from selling web ads and many analysts speculate that its move into television is an extension of the business .
Dan Cryan , an analyst at Research Firm Screen Digest , said that television was a " very natural space " for Google .
" Its stated ambition is to organise the World 's information , so why not move into it , " he told BBC News .
He said that there had been several attempts to connect televisions to the internet in the past but none had been " terribly successful " .
" Things have changed recently with an increasing number of higher quality web TV services available on TV sets . "
' Mobile impact '
Google showed off the service at a launch event in San Francisco that was plagued by technical glitches .
So many people in the 5,000 - strong audience were using the conference wi-fi that the demo ran into repeated problems .
Google finally had to ask people to disconnect their phones from the wireless network to free - up enough bandwidth .
The service is built around an onscreen search box , similar to Google 's web offering , that allows people to search for content on live channels or the web .
Image caption Google have announced several products at the conference
Mr Chandra showed how searching for the television programme
House brought up results from live channels as well as web services such as Hulu and Amazon .
" The TV becomes a natural extension of the web , " he said .
" You spend less time finding your favourite content and more time watching it . "
The service streams shows from the web using Google 's Chrome browser .
Mr Cryan said the approach opened up an " interesting question " about whether people would use the service to watch pirated content .
" Google is great at organising information , both legal and illegal , " he said .
The browser also allows people to search non-video content from the web .
" We can make your TV into a games console , a photo viewer or a music player , " Mr Chandra said .
The first television sets will be built by Sony , who will also build the service into a Blu - Ray DVD player .
Set top boxes and peripherals will be built by Logitech , although the service can also be controlled from a mobile phone running Google 's Android operating system .
The TVs and boxes will also use Android and will rely on an Intel microprocessor .
" We want to have the same impact on TV that the smartphone had on the mobile experience , " said Mr Chandra .
Future battle
The firm has also used the conference to launch various initiatives , including an update to its Android operating system and an open source video project called WebM .
The WebM project will make the VP8 video codec , which it acquired when it bought On2 for $ 133 m ( £ 92 m ) , open source .
Codecs are used to encode and decode web video .
Various formats are currently competing to become the default standard for web video in the future .
Several web browser makers , including Mozilla , which makes Firefox , and Opera , have agreed to support Google 's new format , which will be offered for free .
Another codec called H.264 has the support of Apple and Microsoft .
Whilst it will be free for the next five years , it is encumbered by patents and its owners MPEG LA plan to charge for its use .
Polishing the rough edges By Ma Guihua ( China Daily )
Updated : 2010-04-08 09:57
A group of women receive training at Youlan Women 's Institution
on how to wear silk scarfs .
Photos Provided to China Daily
Are the nation 's professionally successful women coarse and lacking in manners ?
Ma Guihua of China Features takes a closer look
As more Chinese women join the workforce , and society moves toward greater affluence , the nouveau riche seem to be making a loud statement about their wealth .
It is not rare to see expensively - dressed women carrying Louis Vuitton handbags , talking loudly in public , littering , or jumping queues .
" Chinese women used to be known for being temperate , kind , courteous , restrained and magnanimous .
But not anymore , " says Zhang Lehua , an etiquette trainer and director of the Youlan Women 's Institution .
She says some seemingly successful women have become an embarrassment with their spitting , taking phone calls at a concert , and tasteless dressing .
In the seven years since the privately - funded Youlan institution was established , Zhang has been coaching women in social etiquette , table manners , and in building a confident image .
The week - long courses , offered every two months , are limited to 20 people and cost 15,000 yuan ( $ 2,205 ) per person .
In addition , there are salon activities devoted to music and poetry appreciation , character analysis , color combinations , and tea ceremonies .
To date , Youlan has drawn some 700 members .
" All my members have come of their own accord .
We run no advertisements .
It 's simply word of mouth , " says Zhang , who graduated as an MD from Beijing 's Capital Medical University and later completed a doctorate in pathology at the New Jersey Medical School , the United States , where she lived for over a decade .
The members are mostly entrepreneurs in their 30s .
" They are quite successful in business , but realize they are missing out on other aspects of life . "
Dr Zhang Lehua , director of the Youlan Women 's Institute and co-initiator of the China Women 's Continuing Education Fund .
Statistics show that 41 percent of private businesses in China are managed by women , while 28 percent of the executives at State - or collectively - owned companies are female .
Since New China was founded in 1949 , women have made great strides in the pursuit of gender equality .
The bonded feet , a twisted aesthetic imposed by men in a feudal society has died out , and Chinese women are indeed " propping up half the sky " as Chairman Mao Zedong had urged , eschewing clothes and accessories as " petty bourgeois " indulgences .
But as the country began to open to the outside world in the late 1970s , women were inevitably exposed to the world of fashion and other new ideas .
Now , international fashion magazines such as Vogue , Elle , Cosmopolitan , Marie Claire and Bazaar all have Chinese - language editions .
Last July , the World Luxury Association announced that China had overtaken the United States as the second largest market for luxury goods worldwide , despite the global financial crisis .
Ernst &
Young has predicted that by 2015 the total purchasing power of China 's single women and those married without children will reach $ 260 billion , up from $ 180 billion in 2005 .
" However , the pursuit of beauty has not been accompanied by refined manners .
It 's a shame that when our forefathers overthrew the last dynasty , the profound culture and graceful etiquette passed on for thousands of years , were also cast away , " says Dr Zhang , a popular speaker on women and etiquette , who has held more than 100 training sessions in the past five years for banks , businesses and government organizations .
According to Zhang , this has much to do with the social and educational system that puts a big emphasis on women 's professional skills , but not as much on their finer aesthetic qualities .
" Life 's essentials , like manners and etiquette , are critical to a nation 's overall quality , and therefore should be inculcated at an early age , " she says .
The China Women 's Continuing Education Fund that Zhang and a few others launched on the eve of the 100th anniversary of International Women 's Day , is designed to draw like - minded entrepreneurs to sponsor talks - for - change by the country 's top - notch public speakers for women .
Participants act out etiquette in taking the bus .
" The reason we want to work with women is not that men are any better or immune from bad manners , but that their poor habits are hard to change , whereas changes among motivated women can work wonders and impact generations , " Zhang says .
The China Guanghua Science and Technology Foundation , a public foundation that sponsors projects ranging from farmers ' reading rooms and environment - friendly energy , to the elimination of poverty and innovation in science , has also partnered the women 's fund .
Zha Delong , Guanghua 's deputy secretary general , says : " As China steps up the pace of urbanization , more women are moving to cities and want to work their way up the social ladder .
To find their footing and succeed , they need to constantly recharge their batteries to keep up with the ever - shifting social and professional landscape . "
Zhang Aojia ( stage name Shadow ) , a feminist dubbed China 's " Queen of Musicals " , is all for this program on women 's education .
" It 's high time we tended to our spiritual home and invested in cultural consumption , be it books , concert or art collections , before we turn vulgar and coarse , " says the graduate of the Chicago College of Performing Arts .
Since 2005 , Tsinghua University in Beijing has been running advanced leadership courses for women executives with " annual disposable incomes of 500,000 yuan ( $ 73,500 ) " .
The 35 - day courses cost 36,800 yuan ( $ 5,294 ) , and remain in steady demand .
" About 80 percent of the courses are on enterprise management and development , with the rest , dealing with image , public communications , and family - career balance , " says a man surnamed Li at the admission office .
Some critics say such expensive training is actually aimed at cashing in on women 's wealth and vanity and serves no real purpose .
But many others , like Lin Hua , an expert on women and family issues , thinks otherwise .
She believes that wealth in the hands of women , especially wise women , will go farther than in men's hands .
As Xu Xiaoyin , professor of economics at Fudan University in Shanghai , puts it : " Nowadays ' women propping up half the sky ' should not be interpreted simply as an emancipation of labor .
It demonstrates , rather , the impact of women 's wisdom on society . "
Hatred against Jews and hatred against Muslims have a lot in common .
One thing in particular is that throughout history Jews and Muslims have been accused of being prone to criminality , rape and violence .
The Nazis in the 30’s did so and many antisemites still today spread the lie .
The exact same kind of lies [… ]
BERLIN -- German President Horst Köhler threw his country into political confusion Monday by resigning unexpectedly , saying criticisms of his views on German military deployments abroad had shown a lack of respect for his office .
The resignation baffled German government officials because there was no sign of pressure on Mr. Köhler to resign .
Chancellor Angela Merkel 's governing coalition and left - leaning opposition parties now have 30 days to elect a new federal president , a largely ceremonial role in Germany but one that ...
Thanks to a jury in Ottawa Hills , Ohio , former police officer Thomas
White is facing up to 11 years behind bars : plenty of time to think about the unarmed motorist he paralyzed with an unprovoked bullet more than one year ago .
After just six hours of deliberation , the jury found White guilty of felonious assault with a gun specification , according to WTOL CBS 11 in Toledo .
Sentencing is scheduled for later in June .
ADVERTISEMENT
Days earlier during the trial , a police dashboard video was played in court , depicting officer
White pulling over two motorcyclists , one of them his unwitting victim , 24 - year - old Michael McCloskey .
McCloskey and his companion sped away from an intersection as the officer pulled in behind them , leading White to believe the men were running from him .
Though both men pulled over almost immediately , McCloskey apparently did not hear the officer ’s commands to put his hands up , instead turning slightly to face
White while still atop his motorcycle .
Instead of repeating himself , White fired a round into his victim ’s back .
“ During opening statements , Assistant County Prosecutor J. Christopher Anderson said that the state intended to prove that Officer White ‘ was not justified ’ in the shooting and that ‘ excessive force was used , ' ” the Toledo Blade reported .
Defense Attorney Jerry Phillips countered that the situation was ‘ tense and fluid ’ and that Officer White ‘ was doing his job . ' ”
The jury sided with prosecutors on Friday evening after a paralyzed McCloskey testified that he had not understood the officer ’s commands .
ADVERTISEMENT
The Village of Ottawa Hills issued the following statement regarding White ’s conviction :
On behalf of the Village of Ottawa Hills , it is with regret that we have learned Officer Thomas White was convicted today by a Lucas County jury .
We will await the court ’s imposition of a sentence .
We further regret the serious injury that occurred in the early morning of May 23 , 2009 .
We will have no further comment to the media until all of the legal matters arising out of this incident are resolved .
This video is from WTVG , broadcast May 10 , 2010 .
Sewn News is a project by San Franciso - based artist Lauren DiCioccio that involves sewing fabric and thread atop issues of the New York Times .
“ I select a photograph from the paper ; usually a strong image suggestive of power , leadership or communication ; and embroider the image onto the fabric , applying colors in a painterly way and layering line and thread , ” she explains .
“ The tedious handiwork and obsessive care I employ to create my work aims to remind the viewer of these simple but intimate pieces of everyday life and to provoke a pang of nostalgia for the familiar physicality of these objects . ”
The results are stunning .
[ Via WHAT THE COOL ]
{ " smallUrl " : " https:\/\/www.wikihow.com\/images\/thumb\/3\/31\/Be-a-Ninja-Step-8-Version-3.jpg\/v4-460px-Be-a-Ninja-Step-8-Version-3.jpg " , " bigUrl " : " \/ images\/thumb\/3\/31\/Be-a-Ninja-Step-8-Version-3.jpg\/aid24380-v4-728px-Be-a-Ninja-Step-8-Version-3.jpg " , " smallWidth " : 460 , " smallHeight " :345 , " bigWidth " : " 728 " , " bigHeight " : " 546 " , " licensing " : " < div class= \ " mw- parser-output \ " >< p>\u00a9 2020 wikiHow , Inc .
All rights reserved .
wikiHow , Inc. is the copyright holder of this image under U.S. and international copyright laws .
This image is < b > not < \/b> licensed under the Creative Commons license applied to text content and some other images posted to the wikiHow website .
This image may not be used by other entities without the express written consent of wikiHow , Inc. < br >
<\/p><p>< br \/>
<\/p><\/div>"}
{ " smallUrl " : " https:\/\/www.wikihow.com\/images\/thumb\/3\/31\/Be-a-Ninja-Step-8-Version-3.jpg\/v4-460px-Be-a-Ninja-Step-8-Version-3.jpg " , " bigUrl " : " \/ images\/thumb\/3\/31\/Be-a-Ninja-Step-8-Version-3.jpg\/aid24380-v4-728px-Be-a-Ninja-Step-8-Version-3.jpg " , " smallWidth " : 460 , " smallHeight " :345 , " bigWidth " : " 728 " , " bigHeight " : " 546 " , " licensing " : " < div class= \ " mw- parser-output \ " >< p>\u00a9 2020 wikiHow , Inc .
All rights reserved .
wikiHow , Inc. is the copyright holder of this image under U.S. and international copyright laws .
This image is < b > not < \/b> licensed under the Creative Commons license applied to text content and some other images posted to the wikiHow website .
This image may not be used by other entities without the express written consent of wikiHow , Inc. < br >
<\/p><p>< br \/>
<\/p><\/div>"}
3
Even if someone is n’t posing a threat , they could still be untrustworthy .
Part of being a ninja is being able to tell who is and is n’t a worthy companion .
Pay attention to what people say , if they are acting nervous or twitchy , and how they change in front of different people .
Signs that Someone is Lying :
Avoiding eye contact
Nervous fidgeting
Decreased blinking or pursed lips
Including an extreme number of details to a story or forgetting those details later on
Avoiding using words like “ I , ” “ me , ” and “ mine ”
After taking a look at Call of Duty 4 : Modern Warfare , we continue to explore games that deserve the title of Masterpiece .
In the second entry of our series , Ars takes a look at one of the most enduring RPGs ever released : Final Fantasy VII .
Do you remember those gorgeous full - page ads in the gaming magazines ?
The jokes about how many cartridges it would have filled without the PlayStation 's CD technology ?
For a generation , this is a game that evokes memories .
If you have not yet played through Final Fantasy VII , this story contains spoilers .
A new generation
Even among fans of the series , Final Fantasy VII stands as a divisive game .
It was the first game in the series to feature 3D graphics , the first to appear on a console not made by Nintendo , and it ushered in a new era of CG cut - scenes .
It 's equally loved and loathed .
But it 's also one of the most important and influential Japanese RPGs ( JRPG ) ever released .
Prior to the release of FFVII in 1997 , JRPGs were somewhat of a niche product in North America .
Sure , Chrono Trigger and FFIII were critically acclaimed and sold well enough , but they were n't blockbusters .
FFVII changed that .
Spanning three discs , it provided an experience that was almost unbelievably epic for the time .
It may have played a lot like a traditional RPG , but it did n't look like one ; FFVII was flashy .
The many cut -scenes were stunning , giving the game an undeniably cinematic presentation .
Its gritty world combined the traditional fantasy setting of past FF games with a steampunk aesthetic , and the sprawling , emotionally charged narrative further expanded the game 's epic scope .
You were fighting to save the world , and the first time you stepped out of Midgar and out into the world map , you realized just how big that world really was .
These elements combined to make FFVII a breakthrough hit in the West — a market where previous JRPGs had struggled to garner the same amount of attention they received in Japan .
The title went on to become the best selling game in the series , selling around 10 million copies .
It also marked a major coup for Sony , which was able to lure Square Enix — known then as Squaresoft — away from Nintendo .
FFVII was also a showcase for the CD - ROM - based technology offered by the original PlayStation .
It was huge , beautiful , and , more importantly , it would n't be possible on the Nintendo 64 .
Fans could n't get enough : it was as if people raised on the television went to the movie theater for the first time .
Everything was bigger and more impressive - looking .
A powerful salvo in the console wars
For all of its importance in popularizing JRPGs in the West and helping usher in a new era of Sony dominance , the real magic of FFVII is in its staying power .
Few games boast the kind of dedicated , rabid fanbase that has formed around the game .
Its release on the Playstation Network last year led to sales of over 100,000 copies .
It has spawned spin-offs on the PS2 , PSP , and Japanese cell phones .
In 2005 a sequel was released in the form of a full - length , CG feature film .
To this day — over a decade after its release — fans still clamor for the high - definition remake hinted at in an early PS3 tech demo .
And that 's not even including the numerous fan tributes , like OC Remix 's Voices of the Lifestream tribute album and even a bizarre Famicom port .
The reason that the game has been so enduring lies with its characters .
Like the TV series Lost , FFVII 's overarching narrative is convoluted and messy .
At times it 's hard to follow , and if you find yourself having to explain it to someone , well ... good luck .
But just like Lost , when the game focuses on its characters , the results are incredible .
And when it was released , most of the major players in FFVII 's cast were unique and unlike the majority of game characters out there .
Instead of a plucky young hero , the game starred Cloud : a bitter , aloof antihero with a dark and mysterious past .
He was n't fighting to save the world , at least not at first , he was fighting for himself .
Sephiroth , meanwhile , was a conflicted villain .
He was terrifying — when you heard his haunting theme song you knew something bad had happened — but also sympathetic .
He was n't a two - dimensional villain ; terrible things had been done to him , and he was out to punish the world by controlling it .
FFVII is filled with so many unforgettable , emotional scenes that it's no wonder it still has such a large following .
From the opening sequence and the bombing of the first Mako reactor to the final battle with Sephiroth , there 's a lot to take in .
One moment stands apart , however .
After spending the beginning of the game caught in a love triangle between Aeris and his childhood sweetheart Tifa , Cloud watches as Aeris is murdered by Sephiroth .
And unlike many games — including past entries in the FF series — she actually stays dead .
Gamers were n't used to actually losing someone they cared about in a game , and this spawned numerous rumors that it 's actually possible to bring her back to life .
It 's not .
Sephiroth was playing for keeps .
For better or for worse , FFVII had a profound influence on nearly all subsequent JRPGs .
The spiky - haired , giant sword - wielding hero has become somewhat of a staple in the genre , and numerous games — particularly during the PSOne era —have attempted to emulate FFVII 's epic presentation , to varying degrees of success .
Even today , it 's hard to avoid the CG cut - scenes that have since become a defining aspect of the genre .
Perfection versus importance
Final Fantasy VII was a great game , but it was n't without its flaws .
Its story was overly convoluted and lost much of its momentum towards the end .
Its visuals were at times an awkward midpoint between the 16 - bit sprites that preceded it and the detailed , 3D characters that followed .
None of these aspects diminish the game 's importance .
It was a turning point not just for one of the biggest franchises in gaming , but for an entire genre .
Can using a simple blood - pressure cuff limit damage from strokes caused by decreased blood supply to the brain ?
An emerging field of study is working to see whether using this blood - pressure cuff or other methods of " training the brain " could help reduce damage from a stroke as it is occurring while a patient is being transported to the hospital .
An up - to - date review of the research -- called stroke ischemic preconditioning -- will be presented by Brian Silver , M.D. , a Henry Ford Hospital neurologist and stroke specialist , at the International Stroke Conference held in San Antonio .
" Ischemic preconditioning is a novel technique for potentially improving tissue survival following acute stroke , " says Dr. Silver .
" Human trials in a variety of conditions , including stroke , are underway to assess the efficacy and safety of this intervention . "
Ischemic preconditioning has been tested as a way to limit harmful effects of reduced blood flow to the heart and liver , as well as a potential means to improve performance in competition swimmers .
The goal of preconditioning is to prepare the brain to tolerate reduced blood flow without lasting damage .
Ischemic preconditioning is an intervention whereby reduction of blood supply to an organ is applied in order to produce tolerance to reduced blood supply in that organ or a remote organ .
The intervention should not produce tissue damage when applied but rather stress the organ so that it can adapt to a lower level of blood supply .
The National Institutes of Health list 53 human studies of ischemic preconditioning to date , most targeting conditions other than stroke .
In an ongoing study in Denmark , Dr. Silver says a blood - pressure cuff is inflated above the patient 's normal pressure for five minutes , than released for a five - minute rest period .
This is repeated four times .
The ischemic intervention is applied to the arm with the aim of limiting the damage occurring in the brain .
" All of this research is driving us to re-think how we can develop new ways to limit the damage caused by stroke , one of the leading causes of disability in the U.S. , " says Dr. Silver .
" Even though precondition is still in its infancy , it 's a field that shows great promise . "
View Transcript
Transcript
Dilbert says , " This is a magic button . "
Dilbert says , " Any time you ask for cost estimates , I push the button and it guides me . "
Button says , " Pull the numbers out of your ? "
Dilbert says , " It only says the one thing . "
The Stuart Collection
The page you are looking for has moved or no longer exists .
The Stuart Collection has recently updated their website .
Please use the navigation at the top or the search bar to find what you are looking for .
Presented without commentary , cause it 's really all pretty self - explanatory .
Compliments of Ned David Research .
Good Evening :
The major U.S. stock market averages were all down more than 3 % today , but after our markets suffered a harrowing afternoon plunge and rebound , most investors will take it .
Market participants were already on edge before trading even began , with the recent riots in Greece providing the backdrop to a rapidly deteriorating financial situation in Europe .
When the European Central Bank ( ECB ) gave no indication this morning that it would soon inflate the equivalent of monetary life rafts for the peripheral EU nations that threaten to sink into the Mediterranean Sea , the stage was set for a substantial decline in risk appetites .
Our capital markets duly responded , as equities and commodities fell while Treasurys and the dollar rose .
What happened during a sudden and heart - thumping swoon cum comeback in the afternoon is anything but clear .
It could even have been some mistakenly entered trades , but what is clear is that the underlying problems have not gone away .
Markets in Asia and Europe were under pressure overnight as investors awaited news from both Greece and the ECB .
The Greek Parliament actually voted in favor of the austerity measures that gave rise to the deadly unrest in Athens this week , but it was the press conference after the ECB meeting that saw some jaws drop ( see below ) .
ECB president , Jean - Claude Trichet , all but dashed the hopes of those who wanted to see the ECB hose down the solvency fires burning in southern Europe with the liquidity of Quantitative Easing .
Not only did Trichet just say no to QE , he announced the ECB was n’t even lowering its policy rate , at least for now .
Perhaps he was just trying to be stoic , and maybe he was just trying to act as a responsible steward of the euro currency , but it is an understatement to say his ( in ) actions did n’t help .
The euro slumped to new lows and European stock markets followed suit .
After two straight down days , U.S. investors apparently were hoping what was happening in Europe would stay in Europe .
Our index futures were only down mildly prior to the open in New York .
Prices leaked steadily once trading began in earnest , however , and the major averages were off some 3 % by mid afternoon .
It all made sense until stocks suffered what can only be described as a “ mini- crash ” and equally frantic rebound during the 45 minute period between 2:30 and 3:15 edt.
Different media sources are blaming the hair - raising action on erroneous trades in certain equities and equity index futures ( see below ) .
I have friends who work at Citigroup , and I was told that the rumors were false — that Citi was not asleep at the switch that represents their electronic trading efforts .
Something , somewhere went wrong , though , and the NYSE and NASDAQ are investigating a series of what they thought looked like “ erroneous trades ” during the time period cited above .
To pick just one example , P&G was trading roughly unchanged ( $ 62 ) at 2:38 edt .
Ten minutes later , it traded below $ 40 , and just a few minutes after that it was back above $ 62 .
The media can call action like this “ panic selling ” all they want , but it looks to me like some mistakes were definitely made .
Stocks like PG have n’t traded like they did today since the days surrounding October 19 , 1987 .
THAT was a crash ; today was not .
Today ’s trading did expose just how fragile our markets can be , however , especially when bids disappear and momentum - driven trading programs take over .
By day ’s end , and after indexes like the Dow saw trading ranges approaching 10 % , the averages finished with losses ranging from - 3.2 % ( Dow ) to - 3.7 % ( Russell 2000 ) .
Treasurys were a highly sought alternative as risk aversion peaked this afternoon , and yields fell between 12 and 21 basis points .
As 2010 dawned , I said periods of falling risk appetites should be used to reduce Treasury exposure .
This is one of those times .
The dollar rose a stout 0.75 % , and commodities understandably tumbled in sympathy with stocks .
Without nice rallies in gold and silver due to the flight from managed currencies the CRB index would have fallen more than the 2 % it did today .
Nothing so spoils the digestion of a long and late lunch quite like returning to one ’s desk to find the markets sporting gaping holes in their price charts .
Before I could even ascertain what was happening , the market closed and I decided to go back about my business .
After work , I did some digging , made some calls , and came to the conclusion that most of the worst of today ’s move was a mistake .
Does that mean investors should buy with both fists tomorrow ?
No , though I think stocks could enjoy a nice snapback rally in the coming days .
Nimble traders might chase the to and fro volatility , but long term investors should ask themselves whether the underlying causes have been resolved .
At the moment , the issue is a funding crisis for certain countries in Europe , but the real issue is debt itself .
Far too much of it was taken on during the late , great credit bubble , and it was a global phenomenon .
What started in subprime , then spread to other mortgage products , crushed the GSEs and sent LEH to the NYSE symbol graveyard , was a process arrested in this country only when the Fed opened up its balance sheet and financed almost everything .
By effectively shifting what had been private sector obligations onto the public balance sheets of the Fed and Treasury Department , what we really accomplished was changing who was responsible for paying back much of this stranded debt .
The U.K. did the same thing , and both nations monetized a hefty portion of these debt purchases .
Nations in Europe can’t pull off the same trick because countries like Greece , Portugal , and Spain ca n’t print euros — only the ECB can do that .
The options open to these European nations are not good ones , and the investment implications vary with each path taken .
Default , a reconstitution of the euro , and / or some QE / debt monetization by the ECB — none of them are optimal and all require various measures of pain .
I think the best decision is to wait for some policy clarity out of Europe .
Until that day comes , I ’m quite content to keep some cash , own some stocks , have some hedges in place , and let the precious metals portion of the portfolio grow as other currencies tumble .
The rally in gold , despite a rising dollar and despite falling commodity prices , may be telling us that the yellow metal is finally asserting itself as the world ’s most desirable currency .
— Jack McHugh
U.S. Stocks Plunge Most in Year as ’ Panic Selling ’ Grips Market
Trichet Says ECB Rates ‘ Appropriate ’ as Crisis Spreads : Video
Euro Decision Shows Limits of Central Bank
Markets Plunge , Then Stage a Rebound
Citigroup Finds ‘ No Evidence ’ of Erroneous Trading
News reports of the failed attempt to contain the oil - spewing equipment on the bottom of the Gulf of Mexico have referred obliquely to things like " ice crystals " or an " icy slush " clogging the hardware that was intended to cap the leak .
Anyone who is paying attention would recognize that there 's a bit of a problem here , in that , even at the temperatures and pressures of the ocean at the site , the water there is very much in its liquid phase , as are the hydrocarbons that are spewing through the leak .
The methane that caused the original explosion remains gaseous down to - 161°C .
The " ice " that 's forming is actually a solidified mixture of methane and water called a clathrate .
Clathrates have also been in the news because of a potential role in climate change , so it seems like an opportune time to explain what they are .
The first thing that you might consider them is counterintuitive .
At the conditions in which they form , methane is a gas , water a liquid .
Somehow , they come together to form a solid .
The key to understanding why is the small size and nonpolar ( hydrophobic ) nature of methane .
Because water is very polar , the two substances do n't mix well ; forcing them to mix is very energetically unfavorable .
As a result , when a nonpolar molecule is placed in water , the water molecules tend to form a cage around it by hydrogen bonding with each other .
This is n't especially favorable on the atomic scale , since water molecules do n't normally settle down and form stable connections with partners when it's in the liquid form .
But , by locking the nonpolar substance in place , they limit its contact with the rest of the liquid , which ends up being favorable overall .
Methane is special because of the small size of its molecules .
It 's easy for the hydrogen bonding network of water that surrounds it to fold back on itself and form a complete cage that traps some methane inside of it .
This locks a collection of water molecules into a stable structure that looks a lot like the one present in ice .
Since the water is already locked in place as part of a cage , it 's actually better ( from an energetic standpoint ) to form additional cages by growing them off the side of an existing one .
As more and more cages get added on , the end result is an ice - like solid that stores a significant amount of methane .
This wo n't happen under many conditions .
If the pressure is too low , the gas wo n't sit still long enough ; if the temperature is too high , the water wo n't .
However , the pressures and temperatures that prevail in many parts of the oceans are perfectly suited to the growth of methane clathrates .
And , based on the fact that the explosion that led to the leak seems to have been caused by natural gas from the oil well , there 's no shortage of methane there , either .
The solutions that are now being considered are based on the energetics described above .
The simplest to understand is the option of placing a heating element inside the box , which would raise the temperatures above the point where clathrates are stable .
An alternative is to pump a partly polar molecule , like ethanol or methanol , into the site .
Because these can interact with both water and methane , they keep the stable cage structures from forming .
Both of those are n't long - term solutions , since they require constant attention , but they could serve as stop - gaps until a permanent fix is put into place .
Why clathrates could be a big deal
It does n't take an oil leak to trigger clathrate formation .
Bacteria in ocean sediments produce methane all the time , and a lot of that ends up trapped in deep ocean clathrates .
Many estimates of their volume indicate that there 's more methane in clathrate form than we can possibly ever hope to extract through traditional drilling .
It 's not an obvious source of energy , however , given that nobody has figured out how to recover significant quantities of it .
But scientists are watching these clathrates carefully , because they could play a major role in future climate change .
As the atmosphere continues to warm , some of that heat inevitably gets transferred to the oceans , which will slowly heat up as well .
Since clathrates are very sensitive to temperature , there 's a chance that some of them will reach a point where they 're unstable at the prevailing temperatures , and they 'll melt , releasing methane into the atmosphere .
This is especially true in polar regions , where low temperatures have allowed clathrates to form at relatively low pressures .
Methane is considered to be a more potent greenhouse gas than carbon dioxide .
It only stays in the atmosphere for a few years on average , but the majority is removed by oxidation , which converts it into carbon dioxide .
So there 's a chance that clathrates could accelerate and / or enhance any climate change induced by high levels of atmospheric carbon dioxide .
So far , however , we do n't know whether this is taking place .
There have been a few reports of substantial methane releases in the Arctic , but we have not studied the issue long enough to know whether these are unusual or represent a common occurrence .
Clathrates may be an interesting oddity of physical chemistry , but this is one science fan that hopes they get out of the news soon — and stay out .
Listing image by Pacific Northwest National Lab
Grabby octopus jacks some guy for his brand new $ 700 digital camera off of New Zealand .
Guy gives chase and gets his shit back .
Page v Links
Comments
To comment on this page , you need to verify that you own the print edition of the book .
By Jim Donnelly , Olson Global Markets
Despite overbought conditions on the weekly time frame , the Keefe , Bruyette & Woods U.S. Bank Index ( BKX ) continues to push steadily higher following a break above key “ neckline ” resistance ( at 49.50 ) of a bullish reverse Head & Shoulders pattern .
This is an important observation since the “ target ” or “ objective ” of this pattern sits at the lofty level of 79.50 .
In many ways , the BKX is emblematic of the equity markets in general since it appears to be “ climbing a wall of worry ” not seen for quite a while .
A rise in bank stocks also encourages the tendency for a virtuous cycle of capital building to begin at the banks themselves .
This is due to the likelihood that , in the future , banks will have the ability to issue common equity , preferred stocks and a variety of debt issues all designed to improve their capital ratios .
In turn , this process should become the basis for a return to friendlier lending practices that should generate economic growth .
http://www.ogmarkets.com
The fashionable Mrs Chirac
MOST
French bosses have little time for a new law , now going through parliament , which would compel listed companies to lift the proportion of women on their boards to 40 % by 2016 .
Xavier Fontanet , chief executive of Essilor , an eyewear firm , has quoted Charles de Gaulle as saying , “ One may not command without having obeyed . ”
His point is that few women have had the 30 years or so of experience climbing the corporate ladder that a good director requires .
Nonetheless , the government is determined to make France the second country with a compulsory quota for women in the boardroom .
( Norway was the first . )
At the start of the year women occupied just 11 % of the total of around 580 board seats at France 's biggest 40 firms .
Now bosses will have to find as many as 170 new female directors in six years , according to OFG Research .
“ We are looking for women to fill every seat vacated by a man , ” says Diane Segalen , vice - chairman of CTPartners , a headhunting firm in Paris .
In private , chief executives say they will look for female board members of a particular type : those who will look decorative and not rock the boat .
One boss asked a headhunter for photographs of candidates and said he would treat looks as his first criterion , ahead of industry experience .
A board member of a multinational company who opposes the 40 % quota said that bosses could simply appoint their wives or — more subtly — their girlfriends .
Some recent appointments have certainly raised eyebrows .
In March Dassault Aviation , a manufacturer of fighter planes and corporate jets , said it would nominate Nicole Dassault , the 79 - year - old wife of Serge Dassault , its controlling shareholder , to its board .
Mrs Dassault has little hands - on business experience .
LVMH has nominated Bernadette Chirac , the 76 - year - old wife of the former French president .
Mrs Chirac 's qualifications , explained the company , were that she was female and that as first lady she supported fashion and regularly attended catwalk shows .
Companies with no family controlling shareholder , to be sure , will be expected to propose more qualified candidates .
But finding them is not always easy .
Sanofi-Aventis , a pharmaceuticals firm , was disappointed when Catherine Bréchignac , the head of the national science research agency , withdrew her candidacy .
Some firms are tackling the shortage of senior women with direct experience of their industry by looking far outside .
Vivendi , a telecoms and media group , for instance , found Aliza Jabès , the glamorous founder of NUXE , a beauty - products firm , having used her in an ad campaign for its corporate mobile - phone products .
So far , says Pierre - Yves Gomez of EMLYON Business School , appointments such as Mrs Chirac 's confirm that the first reaction of French chief executives is to find women who will not challenge them .
Because companies must find a lot of them in a short time , some women will gather many board seats .
One female director , indeed , has had seven offers since January .
A perverse effect of the quota , therefore , says Mr Gomez , may be to reduce rather than increase board diversity .
Science has managed to reveal some crazy things that fly in the face of almost every commonly accepted management practice .
Here ’s the latest : Rewards for top performers lead them to worse performance .
And if you want to foster innovation , bonuses wo n’t work either .
Rather , it ’s all about letting people slip from under line management and strike out on their own , on projects they care about .
Dan Pink lays all that out in this new video , which illustrates a talk he gave at the RSA ( a kind of British version of TED ) :
Wild stuff , and all the more unsettling because of the current mess on Wall Street .
It seems like common sense that you should reward the highest bonuses to the top earners .
But instead , it seems like the only thing we fostered was a system where money mattered more than results .
Which sounds obvious in retrospect , but it ’s remarkable that science has shown this to be almost universally true .
The fact that science has also created a new vision for workplace performance –fueled less by management and more by individual goals–is shocking .
The Nexus One seems to be making the trip to France very shortly , as it was recently spotted among the listings on French carrier Bouygues Telecom ’s site .
No specific release date is mentioned , but the listing gives reason to believe that it will be arriving sooner rather than later .
The Nexus is n’t the first Android offering from Bouygues , and all signs point the phone being available at a subsidized cost with several data plan options .
This is a definite selling point for those who may be turned off by the costly price tag associated with the Nexus One .
Hopefully Google will continue to offer the phone at a lower price as it rolls out the device to more networks .
With speculation of the N1’s imminent arrival on Verizon stateside and Vodafone in the UK , Google ’s HTC - made smartphone is seeing release in more and more markets .
Couple that with ramped - up advertising efforts and it would appear Google ’s push to dominate the smartphone market is n’t done just yet .
[ Android France via Unwired View ]
# MODERN WARFARE 2 HARRIER GLITCH
# Tested on x360
# IW were warned about this glitch in January 2010 - This glitch has been kept from the public until now - hopefully once the game is flooded with the glitch they 'll patch it .
Glitch spawns unlimited harriers - you can have a max of 9 in the air at once - just stand back and keep calling them in until you 've got a nuke or
1. Equip the following load out ( must be the same )
M16 + Holographic sight - not really needed but some weapons it does n't work - M16 is confirmed .
AT4 - HS Launcher
Tactical Insertion
Smoke Grenade
* Killstreaks *
Just make sure you 've equipped the Care package - does n't matter about 2 and 3 .
2. Run around and kill 4 people until you 've got the care package .
3 . First quip the care package then in the following order : Equip the Tactical Insertion , just before it light animation ( as it catches ) press LB followed by Y then hold the right trigger .
4 . The rocket will fire and you 'll hear the harrier sound notification , select the harrier and place it on the map - as you 've placing it on the map hold the DPAD right button .
5 . Once you 've called in the harrier if you 've kept the DPAD right held down you 'll hear the harrier sound notification again - repeat step 4 over and over again until you 've got 9 harriers in the air .
6 . To repeat after all 9 harriers have left go back to step 2 .
-------------------------
Your friends are idiots .
If you ingest Comet , YOU WILL GET EXTREMELY SICK .
It 's not only about flushing out your urine .
Marijuana gets into your blood stream and absorbed into the body .
No amount of Comet is gonna clean that out and if anything , a whole new strange toxin is going to show up and it'll show the person testing you that you were TRYING to clean out your system .
I 'm not sure who 's testing you or why , but I guarantee that these testers know all the tricks in the books .
Marijuana will not be cleaned out of your system in a matter of a couple of days .
If you smoke on rare occasions , your system MAY be clean within a week .
If you 're a frequent smoker , it can take over 10 and even up to 25 - 30 days .
Eating comet will cause you to become extremely ill and you 'll end up calling poison control before you die , then in the Emergency room drinking charcoal and or having your stomach pumped .
I can tell you now , it 's not fun .
I bet next time you 're constipated they say you should drink Draino !
Before you ask that question , it 's wrong too .
Your best chance is drinking EXTREME amounts of water from now until your exam and urinating as often as possible .
Eating foods rich in protein like red meat will slightly increase creatinine levels because when you drink a ton of water your urine will seem diluted and you 'll have less creatinine than a normal person should .
Buy a detox tea from any drug store / pharmacy that has vitamin B12 in it since it will cause your urine to look more yellow even though it will be watered down from drinking too much water .
Last but not least , you 'll need to take a few aspirins .
3 or 4 aspirins will interfere with the test as well .
None of this is an exact science because every body is different but for God 's sake , even alice in wonderland knew not to drink bottles marked POISON !
The Alex eReader has been rooted .
This little handheld was the belle of the ball at CES 2010 when it came to eReaders .
Now that is has been released into the wild it takes its place next to the heavy hitters that have already seen root access .
If you ’re unfamiliar , this device boasts a six - inch e-ink display and a 320 ×240 LCD touchscreen interface .
Now that you can make it do your bidding , what are your plans for the $ 350 tablet ?
Let us know in the comments .
[ Thanks Richard ]
Promotion
So what are the options you look at when you go out to buy furniture ?
Wood , metal , even plastic ?
How about getting home some bamboo furniture the next time you go shopping ?
Not only will you be making an environmentally friendly choice , you will also be providing employment opportunities to millions of rural and tnribal artisans living in abject povevrty in the bamboo belt of India .
Thanks to the research and efforts by two young entrepreneurs , Prashant Lingam and Aruna , this is now a possibility .
With the idea germiating from their own search for an eco-friendly furniture option , Bamboo House India came into being officially in May 2008 , after the founders spent about 9 months on study and experimentation .
In this time , Prashant and Aruna Kappagantula were exposed to the miserable living conditions of the bamboo artisans of North - East India and decided that the aim of their enterprise would not only be to create a space for bamboo in the Indian furniture market , but also to generate employment for 5 million artisans .
Lofty as it might sound , they went ahead and created a tangible business plan which included building expertise and spreading awareness about bamboo and its uses , creatively utilizing bamboo in multiple scenarios including furniture , structure and flooring , and setting up a chain of bamboo showrooms all across the country for retailing the products created by these artisans .
Why Bamboo ?
Renewable Resource
Absorbs Greenhouse Gases
Amazing Growth Rate
Very little waste
Versatility
Soil Protection
Economic Development
Grows in variety of conditions
Minimizes CO2 gases and generates upto 35 % more oxygen than equivalent stand of trees
Can be harvested annually
Helps mitigate water pollution due to its high nitrogen consumption
Requires only a modest capital investment to generate a steady income
Their journey towards creating “ green livelihoods ” was not an easy one .
There were several hurdles faced by these entrepreneurs , and not just from one source .
Firstly , there is not much information available on bamboo and its properties and uses , and the duo had to almost start from scratch and build their own data bank through study and experimentation .
They lost almost 4 lakh rupees on bamboo furniture they built initially because they were not aware that bamboo traps moisture and cracks .
They gained a lot of knowledge from the artisans in North East who have been in the trade from centuries .
However , communicating with these artisans and uniting them under one banner posed its own callenges .
The severe lack of infrastructure in the areas where they reside caused great delays in execution .
It sometimes took 25 days for the furniture design to reach the artisan by post , and he had to travel 40 kms to inform Prashant or Aruna that he had received it .
The provision of mobile phones , the internet and cameras has eased the situation now .
Not the least of the problems was convincing the government authorities and finding support for the venture .
After considerable persuasion , Bamboo House India managed to get support from Confederation of Indian Industries ( CII - Hyderabad ) for setting up the stores , starting the first one in Hyderabad .
They have also partnered with institutions like IIT - Delhi , National Institute of Design and National Mission on Bamboo Application to set up model homes and instill confidence in the utility of bamboo .
Aid from entities like IL&FS and APTDC went a long way in providing the impetus and helping them to spread the word about their work .
Promotion
Prashant and Aruna have great plans for the future .
They hope to set up 3 - 5 exclusive bamboo outlets in the next 3 - 5 years and also expand into niche segments like bamboo flooring and clothing .
We wish them luck and encourage you to support their cause by visiting their store today .
Find out more about them on their website : http://www.bamboohouseindia.org/
< div style=” color:#fff;background-color:#888;padding:5px;font-family : Arial ; font- size:12px;width:250px;float:right ; ” > < strong > Why Bamboo ?</strong >
< ul >
< li>Renewable Resource </li >
< li>Absorbs Greenhouse Gases</li>
< li>Amazing Growth Rate</li >
< li >Very little waste </ li >
< li>Versatility </ li >
< li>Soil Protection </li >
< li>Economic Development </li >
< li >Grows in variety of conditions </ li >
< li>Minimizes CO2 gases and generates upto 35 % more oxygen than equivalent stand of trees </ li >
< li >Can be harvested annually < / li >
< li >Helps mitigate water pollution due to its high nitrogen consumption </ li >
< li>Requires only a modest capital investment to generate a steady income </ li >
</ul >
</div >
This August Burns Red interview took place May 9th in Richmond , Virginia while sitting in the band ’s van .
I would like to thank Dustin , Brent , and Jake for taking the time out for the interview and being really nice , entertaining guys .
Make sure to pick up their new record , “ Messengers ” , on June 19th .
Get ready for the heaviest , most addictive record of the year .
– State your name and position in the band .
Brent :
My name is Brent and I play guitar .
Dustin :
My name is Dustin and I play bass .
– Give a brief history of the band and the origin of the name .
Brent :
Uh , the history of the band is we started when we were seniors in high school , most of us , in March 2003 .
Then we started just playing some shows , we recorded a demo , released an EP , and than more demos .
And than we got signed to Solid State from those demos and we put out “ Thrill Seeker ” .
And now our New album , “ Messengers ” is coming out June 19th .
We got our name , it ’s really ridiculous story .
We had our name because in high school , one of our best friends , Jon Hershey , who was also our vocalist at the time .
But right before he joined the band , he was dating this girl named August .
And the relationship got a bit out of hand and he really wanted to end it .
So he ended the relationship and instead of getting just sad about it , she got really really really angry and Jon at the time had a dog named Redd , it was an Irish setter and it had red fur and everything .
So she got really mad , went up to his house , and burned his dog Redd alive , in his dog house .
And the name and everything comes from , because the next day , the headlines in the newspaper in the local news was “ August Burns Redd ” and then we just kind of went with it .
It really affected Jon , so when we were picking a band name , that was one that stuck in his head , so he decided to use it .
So our name does n’t mean nothing , it just had a really weird and kind of gross meaning .
Dustin : And Redd was spelled with two D’s .
Brent : R-E- D-D .
Dustin : Jon did n’t know how to spell .
Yeah , I read that story online and I was n’t sure if you guys were serious or just making it up .
Brent : Nah , it ’s messed up .
It ’s a messed up situation .
It was a while ago , so we can kind of look back and not be so upset about it .
– What impression do you want to leave the audience with after playing a show ?
Dustin : I want to leave the impression that we did really good , that we played tight .
Kind of like , you know , you sounded like the CD .
You can compare us to the CD and “ Wow , they sounded really tight and moved around a lot , they just did n’t stand in one position . ”
I ’ll just really like them to say ” I ’ll like to come back to see them again , they were so good . ”
Brent : I want to entertain people .
Dustin : Yeah , I do n’t want to , I just do n’t want to stand there , I want to move around and let the kids have fun .
We ’re having fun , we want the kids to have fun with us .
We want them to interact with us and have fun with us .
So that ’s what I try to do every show .
Jake Luhrs , lead vocalist for August Burns Red enters the van .
Brent : Jake has just entered the van , so he ’ll be talking too .
Jake :
What was the question ?
What impression do you want to leave the audience with after playing a show ?
Jake :
That was a fricken awesome rock show , that is what I came to see .
I just want them to have a great experience , have a great experience of live music , enjoy the atmosphere , enjoy our message .
– What has been the best and worst show in the band ’s history ?
Jake : I ’ll cover the worst show .
Brent : I know one of the worst shows .
Jake :
My worst show , well our band ’s worst show I believe , when we were on tour with Ringworm and we played this skate park .
There was about 30 , 40 kids that showed up for the show and I was severely sick .
I had a huge fever and our bassist Jordan , at the time , Jordan Tuscan was really really really sick .
And so , he ended up not even playing , he played two songs ?
Brent : Nah , he got up on stage and did sound check and threw up in his mouth , so he could n’t play .
Jake :
So we played four songs without our bassist and I felt like , so bad .
That was definitely our worst show .
Brent :
The best show I ’ve ever played , the festivals are awesome .
And every time we play at home is awesome .
Dustin : Last time we played at home was awesome .
Brent : Yeah , we just played at home last Saturday .
It was incredible .
We love playing home and Cornerstone and those festivals are the best .
Dustin : Tonight was a lot of fun , except my wireless keeps cutting in and out .
– What is the best aspect of being on tour ?
The worst ?
Brent :
The best aspect of being on tour is being able to actually go out and ….
Jake :
Have fun .
Brent : Yeah , have fun .
Play shows for people every night , get to see the country , all over North America and everything like that .
The worst is …
Jake : Overnight night drives because you get a layer of like ….
Brent : Filth .
Jake :
Some kind of film that covers your body and basically it ’s your germs with everyone else ’s germs and like fart , cough , snot … .
Dustin :
The van usually smells like ….
Jake : Butt hole .
Dustin : Yeah …well you did n’t have to say that .
The van usually smells like stink .
So that ’s definitely one of the worst parts of being on tour .
I ’ll say the worst part is playing inside in July , which we are getting ready to do , playing indoors , not having AC , get drenched to the point where you can ring your shirt out , and than coming out and doing an overnight drive .
I just combined them all .
Brent : Yeah it ’s awful .
Also , getting sick on tour is terrible because you ca n’t get better .
It ’s impossible .
Jake : I was sick from the beginning and I ’m still sick .
Dustin :
And you do n’t get enough sleep .
Jake :
You do n’t get enough sleep on tour anyways .
Everybody .
Dustin : Yeah , that ’s what I said .
Jake : I thought you said I did n’t get enough sleep .
Dustin :
No , I said you do n’t get enough sleep .
Jake : You… .
Brent :
He means “ you ” as a whole .
Jake : I know , I know .
– In your opinion , what makes the band stand out compared to other bands ?
Brent : I ’ll say … .
Jake : Our sick Hollister apparel .
Brent :
No , we do n’t look like other metal bands .
That ’s one that people usually point out .
We also try , a lot of people say we have our own distinct sound .
A lot of off time stuff , not so much four four , everything like that .
As far as live performances , we really try to put on a good show for people and some metal bands try really hard but ca n’t move around as much .
We put a lot of effort into being creative , like in our music and on stage .
– How do you think having a different vocalist on each record has affected the overall sound and message of the band ?
Jake walks away and than comes back ( he ’s the third vocalist in August Burns Red ) .
Brent : Ah , Jon Hershey , the first vocalist , we were so young when we made that record .
We were a completely different band .
The main difference I see between Josh and Jake is Josh would fill every part with words , which is cool , a lot of weird and really hard patterns .
Whereas now with Jake and stuff , we try , we look for more catchy patterns rather than the weird patterns .
And obviously all their voices are different .
– How would you sum up the new record to someone that has never listened ABR ?
Jake :
It ’s a metal record .
If you like metal ..
Dustin : I feel like there is a lot more of …
Jake : I ’m not going to be like one of those dudes that ’s like , “ If you like ravishing riffs and falcon screeching screams . ”
Dustin : I think the new one has a lot more harmony in the guitars .
There is definitely a lot more of that , there is off time stuff everywhere .
Still a lot more harmony now .
It ’s a lot catchier .
Jake :
What ’s the…oh sorry .
Dustin :
You cut me off .
It ’s alright , I ’m done .
Jake :
What ’s the original question ?
How would you sum up the new record to someone that has never listened the band ?
Jake :
Do you want us to use band names right here ?
Brent : No !
No , I do n’t like that at all .
Brent : I ’ll say that it ’s a record that has catchy parts that ’ll are going to get stuck in your head , but it also has some off time stuff that ’ll make you think .
Dustin :
It ’s a really good progression of Thrill Seeker , I think .
– How do you think the fans are going to receive the new record ?
Jake : Hopefully in a positive way .
That ’s what I ’m thinking .
Brent :
We have n’t really had , from all the comments on the new song we put up , we have n’t really had , there has barely been anything negative .
I think if you like Thrill Seeker , you ’ll like this one because as a band , I think so many kids worry about bands getting softer and losing their sound .
But as a band , we got way more metal .
Jake :
It ’s true .
Brent :
So if you like Thrill Seeker , you ’ll like this one .
It ’s a progression , everything from the instruments to everyone ’s abilities and our writing skills .
– If you had to do a cover album , which bands and songs would you want on it ?
Dustin :
We ’ll all have different ones .
Brent : Cover album …. what bands would I want to cover ?
Dustin : I ’ll say something like Darkest Hour ..
Brent :
No , I would want to cover something that is not metal .
Dustin : Ok .
Brent :
For the longest time we thought about covering that song by Destiny ’s Child , “ Say My Name ” .
I just thought that would be funny .
A Foo Fighter ’s song would be cool too .
Or that Blur song , that woohoo song , I forget the name of that song .
Dustin : Puddle of Mudd ?
Brent : No , Blur .
Dustin : Blur ?
Brent : Yeah .
Dustin :
That ’s the band name ?
Brent : Yeah , Blur .
Dustin : I do n’t know who that is .
Brent : Come on .
Dustin : I really do n’t know who plays it .
Brent : Woohoo. starts humming song .
Dustin :
Oh yeah !
I know that song .
Brent : Yeah , that ’ll be fun .
Dustin : Spice Girls maybe , my old band used to cover Spice Girls .
I just thought I ’ll let you know .
Brent :
We ’ll probably cover a lot of people like Johnny Cash … .
Dustin : Aerosmith .
I ’m kidding .
I do n’t know , that ’s a tough question .
Brent : it ’s a tough question , it ’s a hard one to think about because nothing pops into my head right now .
Dustin : I would want to do something that is funny .
I want to have some serious songs too like some rock , but I want do something like “ My Hips Do n’t Lie ” by Shakira .
That would be so funny .
Jake comes back after leaving for a few minutes .
Jake :
What ’s the question ?
Brent :
What songs we would want to cover on a cover album .
Jake :
My stomach hurts so bad right now .
Brent :
That ’s not a song .
Jake : Freaking Madonna , anything off of Madonna .
Jake : Rod Stewart maybe , The Boss , I love the Boss .
Brent :
We ’ll really love a cover of “ The Boys are Back in Town ” …
Jake : “ Born in the U.S.A ” , that ’s a good song .
Dustin :
This will never be done .
Brent :
We did record a cover though , for this album .
We recorded a cover of “ Carol of the Bells ” .
We ’ll hoping it ’ll make a Christmas movie .
Dustin : Maybe Home Alone 4 .
Brent : Yeah , I think there is already a 4 .
– In your opinion , what would be the greatest accomplishment for the band ?
Brent : Right now as a band we have accomplished a lot .
One thing I would like to do is …. raise a family while still being in the band .
That ’s something that everyone , I think wants to do .
It ’s kind of hard , right now we make enough money to go home and pay our bills and still have money left over and stuff , so we have already accomplished being able to support ourselves .
The next level will be to go to the next level as a band , like keep getting bigger and bigger and gaining more and more fans .
I just want to do what I want to do , which is this , and still be able to have a normal life back home .
Yeah and not have to leave the band because of it .
Jake : Yeah .
I kind of have a goal that will maybe , probably never going to happen .
Mine will be to have a platinum record on my wall .
That would be so legit .
You walk home and you look at the platinum record every day .
Maybe on your doorstep .
Brent : Maybe you can do guest vocals on the next Reliant K record or something , than you can get one of those .
Jake : I want one !
– What goals did you have when the band started and how do those goals stand now ?
Brent :
When the band started , we just wanted to play with bands at home .
We were just a local band , we just wanted to play shows .
Dustin : Just have fun .
Brent :
As you go , it sort of progresses more and more and more .
Next step for us would be to hit up most of North America .
Going overseas right now is a big goal for the band .
Have you ever been to Europe ?
Brent : No , not yet .
Every time we try and go to Europe , it falls through .
We do n’t know why .
Jake :
We are coming though .
Brent : Yeah , we ’ll be there .
– If someone was only going to read the lyrics and not listen to the music , what would you hope they take away from them ?
Jake :
Well our lyrics are pretty blunt and some of them are built around a story or something that has actually happened .
So it ’s not like random stuff like , you know ?
And you can definitely make sense of it just by reading it .
Just the message that is in the lyrics …
Brent : I just want kids to be able to connect with the lyrics that we write .
On the new record we wrote a lot of stuff that a lot of people can relate to .
I know some of the songs that I wrote , I just tried to make songs that I know everyone kind of has a problem with , that they struggle with .
I just wanted to be able to write down and have kids read it and then have the song have a positive message to them and they can relate to it and be more into the song I guess .
Jake : I think on this record compared to the last one touched a lot of subjects that are kind of touchy , like a lot people do n’t like to talk about .
And we wanted to bring those up above water and kind of confront those and make people think .
We just did n’t want a girlfriend / breakup / heartbreak record .
Brent : Yeah , there is n’t really any song about girls .
Jake :
There was one that I really wanted to get on the record but …
Brent :
They vetoed it …
Jake : Because it was about a girl .
But all the songs have a message about them .
None of them are about break up stories .
Brent :
The songs do touch some touchy material ..
Jake : Divorce , drug abuse …
Brent : A lot of people have problems with their faith , problem with their church .
We wrote about how Christian homes a lot of times will shelter their kids and not let their kids experience things .
A lot of parents are just , they are against everything and they are for nothing .
There is this girl that goes to my school that her family is really Christian and , I do n’t know what the name of it is , but the company gets PG - 13 and R movies and they ’ll edit them so they can be viewable for kids .
I do n’t see what ’s the point .
The more you shelter your kids , the more they want to rebel .
Jake :
It ’s just the hard thing about sheltering your children so much is that once they hit the real world , what are they going to do ?
Yeah , they are not going to be there to watch over them .
Jake : Right , you just have to find out the negative things in this world and try to present them to your children in a manner of “ Ok , you can learn it from your parents first and not from some kid that has smack ( drugs ) and is trying to show you what it ’s about . ”
– In your opinion , what issues in society are being overlooked and need the most attention ?
Brent :
Mm , that ’s hard .
There ’s a lot of issues .
I think one issue that is being overlooked a lot and maybe it ’s not overlooked a lot but it ’s not talked about much as being brought to life more is gun control issues .
Yeah , with the whole Virginia Tech thing .
Brent : Yeah , and just even before that , there are so many problems with gun control , but no one ever touches on it and nothing ever comes out about it because there are a lot of people in powerful positions that wash it immediately .
But there are so many problems with gun control and the fact that anybody , any little kid can get his hands on a gun and easily if he wanted to , shoot himself or shoot his friends .
Jake :
We also stand a little different politically , so that should be noted .
I agree with what he is saying but it ’s funny because sometimes we have conversations that get a little silly .
One thing that I think that ….. we ca n’t talk about abortion , I do n’t want to get on that topic .
Oh yeah , racism .
That is something that I ’m just so tired of .
I ’m so tired of people just being like “ Oh , you ’re racist ” or “ Oh , that ’s so racist ” .
Like people would just ….
I do n’t know , just people that are saying “ Ah , that ’s racist ” .
Like dude , you know like , I ’m sorry but none of us in our band are racist .
It hurts me because I feel bad for people that are racist and I feel bad for people that get crapped on because of their certain color .
I just think it ’s bullcrap .
It jut really frustrates me .
People just throw around the term to everyone , when you are n’t racist at all .
Jake : Yeah , and then you got racists …
That are just being overlooked and no one is telling them that they are racist .
Jake : Yeah , I do n’t know .
I think it ’s a battle that has been going on for a long time and it needs to be over .
We are all the Lord ’s children .
– If the band was forced to change the name , what named would you choose and why ?
Brent : Holy crap !
Jake : September Turns Green .
Brent : Haha .
Jake .
It does !
Brent :
Wow , I have no idea .
You ’ve stumped me .
Dustin : Come back in a few months , we are still working on names .
Brent : Yeah , Dustin has a little side project here , it ’s him and a guitar and TabIt .
TabIt is a guitar program .
So when he gets the name for that , we ’ll let you know .
Dustin :
That would be my choice .
I ’m still working on it .
I do n’t know , I ’ll pick like a good a bible verse and use the verse itself as the band name .
You could say like 3:16 , obviously that would n’t be a good one .
And Like spell it out , like Three Sixteen .
Brent : I personally think the name is a little generic .
We would want something that has meaning and not generic .
Dustin :
And that ’s why the bible verse would have meaning to me .
– Which band has had the greatest influence on you ?
Dustin : Bands that had influence on me would be Between The Buried and Me , Misery Signals .
Jake : Hopesfall , old Hopesfall .
Yeah , new Hopesfall is n’t that good .
Dustin : Bands that I wish I never listen to , maybe Cartel because they get stuck in my head all day .
I really love that record but it gets stuck in my head .
I ’m sorry to admit it .
So the other day , I just want to say this for the record , the other day I said something about Cartel playing on Saturday at the community hometown .
I said something about Cartel playing and a kid was like “ Yeah , Cartel sucks , I hate them ” and I said “ Oh … I like Cartel . ”
The kid goes , “ Yeah , they ’re alright . ” I thought that was funny .
– If you could write the music for a movie , which movie would you choose and why ?
Dustin :
Oh my gosh .
Jordan :
Any movie ever ?
Yeah .
Brent : Die Hard .
Which one ?
Brent :
Any of them , maybe the new one .
Dustin : I would say … big orchestra stuff like Lord of the Rings , Star Wars , and what ’s that movie called ?
About freaking those people that tried to …help me out …
Brent : Requiem for a Dream .
I would write those soundtracks .
I love orchestra soundtracks .
I love Lord of the Rings .
Or the Notebook .
Brent : Haha .
Dustin : JK .
– Where do you hope the band is two years from now ?
What do you hope to accomplish by then ?
Brent : I hope we ’re huge , haha .
Dustin : I hope we keep progressing and keep writing stuff and keep improving on our instruments on the albums because I feel we definitely did on “ Messengers ” , from “ Thrill Seeker ” to “ Messengers ” .
I hope we keep our fans and just meet new kids and continue to have fun .
Yep Yep Yep .
– Anything else you want the readers to know ?
Brent :
Our new record comes out June 19th , pick it up , listen to it anywhere you can .
Prefer you buy it , but I wo n’t be mad at you if you download it .
Dustin : I might be .
Brent : Dustin will kill you .
Alright , that ’s it .
Brianna , also known as “ The Last Handmaiden , ” or simply “ Handmaiden , ” was a half - Echani fighter , and illegitimate daughter to the famous Echani General Yusanis and Jedi Master Arren Kae , who both fought in the Mandalorian Wars .
She later served along with her five half - sisters as a handmaiden to Jedi Master Atris in the period following the Jedi Civil War .
During her service to Atris at the Jedi Academy on Telos IV , Brianna met the Jedi Exile , and was subsequently tasked with accompanying her on her mission to seek out the Jedi Masters who survived the First Jedi Purge .
As the Exile ’s companion , Brianna helped battle against numerous adversaries , including the resurgent Sith .
During the journey , Brianna trained the Exile in Echani techniques and eventually received Jedi training from the Exile in return , becoming one of first new members of the Jedi Order after the Purge .
In accepting such training , however , she broke her oath to Atris .
The Jedi Master labeled her a traitor , resulting in a confrontation between Brianna , her sisters and her former master .
According to the final predictions of Darth Traya , Brianna would become instrumental in the reconstruction of the Jedi Order and succeed Atris as Jedi historian .
Biography
Early life
Brianna was born as the result of a forbidden union between General Yusanis and Jedi Master Arren Kae .
Yusanis , a master combatant of the Republic Echani homeworld , was married to another woman to whom he had five daughters , while Kae , as a member of the Jedi Order was forbidden to form strong attachments .
Despite these restrictions , the couple began a secret relationship , risking their status by continuing to meet .
Despite Kae ’s attempts to keep the affair and Brianna ’s existence a secret , the Jedi Council eventually found out about the situation , and Kae was exiled from the Jedi Order as punishment .
Kae later chose to join her former apprentice , Revan , to fight the Mandalorians , who were bent on conquering the Outer Rim .
Yusanis joined them , despite the fact that he was responsible for the care of Brianna and his other five daughters .
Yusanis and Kae became known as heroes of the conflict , but Kae eventually fell in battle , and Yusanis returned a broken man , abandoning battle to become a senator .
He avoided speaking of Kae , leaving Brianna with no memories of her mother .
Later , Yusanis ’s old ally Revan declared himself the new Dark Lord of the Sith and turned on the Jedi , starting the Jedi Civil War .
He sought to weaken the Republic , and targeted the Republic worlds of Serroco , Corellia and the Echani homeworld for destabilization .
Revan accomplished his goals by assassinating a senator from each world , and the death of an Echani senator caught Yusanis ’ attention .
When Yusanis found evidence of the act , he challenged Revan to a duel , but was ultimately slain by the Dark Lord , leaving Brianna an orphan .
Sometime after Yusanis ’s death , Brianna and her five half - sisters entered the service of Jedi Master Atris , one of the few Masters who survived the Jedi Civil War .
The Jedi Order had been greatly divided and weakened by the war , and further attacks by a resurgent Sith Order after the war ’s conclusion left very few Jedi remaining .
Atris hoped to revive the Jedi Order after most of the other Jedi Masters had been killed during one of these attacks on Katarr , and established a secret academy on Telos IV , a planet that had been devastated by Sith forces during the Jedi Civil War .
The sisters joined her in the academy and agreed to serve as her handmaidens , aiding Atris in gathering Jedi artifacts from around the galaxy .
At one point during their service , Brianna and her half - sisters swore an oath to Atris that they would never study the teachings of the Jedi , nor receive any instruction from a Jedi ; although Brianna was the only handmaiden who had any Force sensitivity due to her heritage .
While Atris knew of Brianna ’s familial lineage , as well as her sensitivity , she never mentioned Brianna ’s potential , and the handmaiden remained ignorant of her innate abilities .
The offspring of Echani parents appeared to non-Echani to look identical to their parents , typically the one of the same sex .
As such , Brianna resembled her Jedi mother and not Yusanis ’ original wife , which distinguished her from sisters as physical evidence of their father ’s affair .
Her father ’s infidelity had brought shame on himself ; and , after his death at the hands of Revan , that shame was thrust upon her as the Echani believed that betrayal and shame were passed down through bloodlines .
Despite working hard to disprove this stigma that followed her all through her young life , Brianna was branded the “ Last of the Handmaidens ” by her sisters , meaning she was the least of them , in terms of worth and combat ability .
As a result , Brianna felt she was unworthy of bearing any signs of individuality and renounced her name in favor of her title .
The Exile ’s arrival
The Jedi Academy was secluded in the isolated polar regions of Telos IV , and consequently , the academy remained unnoticed , even when the Republic began the Telosian Restoration Project in an effort to restore the ecosystem of the devastated planet .
The project was headed by the Ithorian Chodo Habat and his herd , and a massive space station was built in orbit as a staging area for the project .
When Atris later learned that the planet Peragus II , the main source of the station ’s fuel had been destroyed and that the Telos Security Force was holding suspects in the planet ’s destruction , who had recently arrived in the system , she ordered Brianna to investigate .
Acting covertly , Brianna sneaked onto Citadel Station and stole the suspects ’ ship , the Ebon Hawk , as well as their droid , T3 - M4 , which was aboard as a result of the ship being impounded after arriving at Citadel Station shortly after the destruction of Peragus II .
Brianna then brought the ship to the secret academy where Atris hoped to look into the events surrounding the destruction of the planet .
Atris was unaware that the new owner of the ship was a former friend from the Jedi Order , the Jedi Exile , another hero of the Mandalorian Wars who was exiled for her defiance of the Jedi Council and her decision to join Revan in the war .
The Exile was released from custody when it was discovered that Peragus II had been destroyed as a result of her escape from the Sith Lord Darth Sion , and she began a search for her stolen ship .
Security feed showing Brianna boarding the Ebon Hawk .
The Jedi Exile , along with companions Kreia and Atton Rand , whom she had met on Peragus II , eventually located the starship with some help from a technician of the Restoration Project and entered the academy .
Brianna , flanked by two of her sisters , confronted the group and demanded their surrender .
The Exile agreed so as to avoid a conflict , and Brianna escorted her to meet with Atris .
Atris had been one of the masters who decided on the Exile ’s punishment for her involvement in the Mandalorian Wars , and was not pleased to see her again .
After a charged discussion over the Exile ’s seeming unrepentant attitude towards her actions in defying the Council , she informed Atris of the Sith ’s involvement in the destruction of Peragus II , and offered her aid .
Atris suggested she seek out the other surviving Jedi Masters and gather them at the ruined Enclave on Dantooine in order to form a plan of action , and sent the Exile away .
Brianna was startled to have seen her mistress become so volatile , strengthening her growing belief that the Jedi were not the passionless beings Atris had described them to be .
Before the Exile departed Telos , Brianna was able to speak to her in private .
Brianna was wary of the Exile at first , but began to speak more freely when the Exile managed to convince her that , contrary to Atris ’s opinion , she had not turned to the dark side during the Mandalorian Wars .
Brianna confessed that she was the only one of her sisters who did not doubt the Exile ’s battle prowess and was more receptive to the Exile ’s opinion .
Brianna also mentioned how she was often distracted by the Jedi teachings Atris had rescued and stored at the academy ; and , as a result , was eager to learn about life as a Jedi .
She asked about various details of a Jedi ’s life , including the issue of attachment .
Brianna also informed the Exile that she always trained to better herself , and they discussed the Echani view of expression of feelings through combat .
As one final question , Brianna asked what it was like to feel the Force , and was satisfied by the answers both the Exile and Kreia provided .
Travels with the Exile
Brianna was ordered by Atris to sneak aboard the Ebon Hawk and aid the Exile in her mission to find the missing Jedi Masters , a journey which spanned the worlds of Dantooine , Nar Shaddaa , Onderon and Korriban .
Additionally , Brianna was to monitor the Exile ’s activities for Atris in order to confirm that the Exile still served the light side .
Brianna revealed herself upon learning the Exile had downloaded some of Atris ’ records , indignantly protesting what she viewed as theft before composing herself and explaining her orders .
While Rand vocally objected to allowing a spy to travel with them , the Exile welcomed Brianna to the crew .
At this point , however , Brianna was still wary of the Jedi Exile , as she had been warned by Atris not to trust her .
She secluded herself inside the cargo bay so that she could hone her fighting style , while keeping herself separate from the rest of the crew .
While the Jedi Exile attempted to get to know Brianna , the Echani continued to not trust her , but through acts of kindness and charity during their journey , Brianna finally believed that Atris had been wrong in her judgments .
Brianna occasionally clashed with Visas Marr , a former Sith assassin who was initially on a mission to capture the Exile .
Although Marr joined the crew after her defeat at the Exile ’s hands , Brianna did not trust her due to Marr ’s ties to the Sith .
After some convincing from the Exile , Brianna learned to accept her presence , although she still kept a watchful eye on the Miraluka .
During their travels , Brianna agreed to teach the Exile Echani fighting techniques .
As they trained , the Exile challenged Brianna ’s Echani tradition about sparring while wearing only undergarments ; Brianna conceded that bulkier clothes would be more practical .
She surprised the Exile by then changing into a heavy set of grayed robes , the style associated with a Jedi Master .
When asked , she finally revealed that they were the last keepsake of her mother that she had never known .
She opened up to the Exile and revealed the story of her past , but she asked that it be kept secret from the rest of the crew , as she had come to trust the Exile over everyone else .
Unexpectedly , after their private discussion , the Exile was approached by Kreia who revealed that she had known Arren Kae .
Kreia speculated that because Kae had been strong in the Force , that the potential to become a Jedi also lay within her daughter .
Kreia discouraged the Exile from training her as a Jedi , however , because it would mean breaking her oath to Atris .
The Exile decided to leave the choice to Brianna , and offered to train her to use the Force .
By this point , Brianna greatly trusted the Exile and realized that she had hoped to follow her mother ’s path her entire life .
Consequently , she accepted the offer .
The Exile warned her she would be breaking her oath to Atris , but Brianna was committed , feeling that she would be betraying her heritage if she did n’t accept the training .
With Brianna ’s acceptance , the Exile passed on her knowledge of the Force to Brianna , and trained her to become a Jedi Guardian .
During this time , Kreia sent a message to Atris through the Force telling her of Brianna ’s choice to become a Jedi with a single word : “ Betrayal . ”
As a Jedi , Brianna continued to aid the Exile , who eventually succeeded in gathering the Jedi Masters Vrook Lamar , Zez - Kai Ell and Kavar on Dantooine .
Brianna returned to the Enclave on Dantooine with the Exile , who set off to meet with the Masters alone .
Unfortunately , when the Masters revealed their intentions to strip the Exile of the Force due to the danger she posed by her particular ability to feed off the life energy of others , Kreia was forced to act and killed the Jedi Masters .
Kreia revealed to the Exile that she had been manipulating the Exile all along , and that her ultimate goal had been to utilize the Exile ’s ability to destroy the Force itself .
Confronting the Sith
Following the incident on Dantooine , Brianna , believing the Exile to be dead , took Kreia directly to Atris , knowing that her mistress would execute any Sith .
However , Atris ’s belief in the Jedi Council ’s decision during the Mandalorian Wars , as well as her belief in the Order itself , had been shaken after she observed the Exile ’s conviction .
In addition , she had been slowly corrupted by her collection of Sith holocrons , which she had gathered in hopes of using their teachings to fight the Sith .
Instead , the influence of the artifacts proved too strong , and they slowly twisted Atris ’s thinking , causing her to fall to the dark side .
Brianna ’s sisters confront her on Telos .
As a result , Atris ’s conversation with Kreia , who announced her true identity as Darth Traya , caused her to finally give in to the dark side .
Simultaneously , the other handmaidens confronted Brianna .
She learned that Atris had told her sisters that Brianna had fallen to the dark side and joined the Exile against Atris ’s wishes .
Brianna could not convince her sisters otherwise , and was forced to fight them .
In doing so , she proved herself to have surpassed her sisters in ability , as she managed to defeat them all without killing them .
Shortly thereafter , Atris arrived and attacked Brianna .
Though Brianna was initially able to keep the corrupt Jedi Master at bay , she was eventually overwhelmed .
Atris began torturing her handmaiden with Force lightning ; but , before she could deliver the final blow , the Exile arrived and defeated Atris in a duel .
After the duel , Brianna pledged undying allegiance to the Exile , renouncing her title of Last of the Handmaidens , and embracing her true name .
Before leaving Telos , Traya manipulated the Sith into attacking Citadel Station , forcing the Exile to fight off an assault and help defend the station before she could follow Traya .
Brianna aided the Exile and the Telos Security Force in fending off the Sith assault on Citadel Station before joining the Exile in pursuit of Traya .
The Exile had learned from Atris that Traya had gone to a secret academy on Malachor V , the site of the final battle of the Mandalorian Wars , and the site where the Exile had previously lost her connection to the Force after killing countless combatants on both sides by activating the Mass Shadow Generator superweapon during the battle .
On this occasion , the Sith Lord intended to use Malachor V — a site where the Force still echoed from those killed by the Mass Shadow Generator — to create a wound in the Force , which in turn would allow her to carry out her goal of destroying the Force itself .
When the group arrived at Malachor V , however , the massive storms surrounding the planet damaged the Ebon Hawk , causing it to crash .
In the crash , the members of the group were separated , and Brianna was unable to help the Exile , who went on to duel and defeat Traya alone .
Legacy
Traya , shortly before her death on Malachor V at the hands of the Exile , looked into the future , and told her that Brianna would give up her ways of battle , play a vital role in rebuilding the Jedi Order , take Atris ’s role as historian , and teach future Padawans about the Jedi who gave up the Force , and became better for it .
Personality and traits
As the daughter of Yusanis and Arren Kae , Brianna bore the shame of her parents ’ forbidden affair , and as a result strove to prove her worth to her sisters and Atris .
Her shame and position as the least worthy among her sisters led her to adopt a style of thinking in which she placed the greater good and her oaths to Atris before herself , forsaking her name and identity .
It was not until she finally defeated her sisters in combat and confronted Atris that Brianna fully gained a sense of self - worth , finally embracing her name as a result , and casting aside the shame of her parentage .
She believed combat to be one of the purest ways of expressing oneself , and that a person ’s fighting style accurately displayed what kind of person they were .
Brianna was steadfastly loyal to her superiors , and was completely devoted to Atris before the Jedi Exile earned her trust .
She was initially very slow to trust the Exile due to the warnings Atris had given , but the Exile ’s kindness , as well as Brianna ’s reading of her through combat caused her to eventually open up .
When the Exile saved her life , Brianna completely renounced her ties to Atris .
Her trust did not extend to the Exile ’s other companions , however , and she remained wary of both Kreia and Marr for the extent of their journey .
In addition , despite being criticized by her sisters for her passion , Brianna was typically very reserved and did not interact much with the crew , choosing to seclude herself in the cargo bay instead .
Despite this , her irritation with her fellow crew members occasionally showed , typically with Rand and Marr .
She expressed her passion through combat , and developed a yearning to feel the Force , eventually receiving Jedi training from the Exile .
This curiosity stemmed from her having examined some of Atris ’s Jedi holocrons , and her interest in these artifacts may have led to her taking the position of Jedi historian as Kreia predicted .
Having lived a relatively sheltered life in the secret academy on Telos , Brianna displayed some naïveté towards the workings of the galaxy , a fact commented on by Atton Rand .
She also failed to grasp jokes made by the Exile and the bounty hunter Mira , as well as Rand ’s sarcasm .
Brianna tended to view things in terms of black and white , and argued with the Exile over some of her decisions , feeling that any act of questionable morality was unacceptable , a mindset she likely developed from following Atris ’ own strict beliefs .
Powers and abilities
Despite the title of the “ Last of the Handmaidens ” given to Brianna by her sisters , she was proficient in combat with Echani martial arts , and was able to successfully instruct the Jedi Exile , showing extensive knowledge of the style .
Brianna found her training to be helpful in maintaining her focus , and trained often while traveling with the Exile , particularly when annoyed by the Exile ’s other companions .
In addition , Brianna was skilled in the use of Battle Precognition , which allowed her to perceive her opponents ’ intentions an instant before they acted , giving her an edge in combat .
She recognized the Exile ’s potential with precognition and taught her to use the ability as well .
Her combat prowess extended to numerous weapons including Force pikes and blasters .
Brianna also utilized a unique staff that possessed qualities similar to a saberstaff , and was given to her by her father .
Along with her various weapons , Brianna could also fight effectively unarmed due to her proficiency in Echani .
As the daughter of a Jedi , Arren Kae , Brianna was Force - sensitive and eventually accepted Jedi training from the Exile , becoming a Jedi Guardian .
As a Jedi Guardian , Brianna focused on combat and learned the lightsaber techniques and abilities of the Jedi , supplementing her skills with powers such as Force Jump .
With Jedi training , her combat proficiency increased to the point where she surpassed even her sisters in skill and managed to defeat all of them together in combat .
Brianna was even able to duel evenly against Jedi Master Atris for a while before being overwhelmed by Force Lightning .
She also displayed significant endurance , and was able to stand after being battered by Force Lightning and seemed relatively steady despite the ordeal .
Ice crystals thwart containment of leak
Oil starts to wash ashore on animal sanctuary islands off Louisiana coast
Blowout was triggered by a bubble of methane gas that shot up from rig
Watch underwater footage of oil gushing into the ocean
As fears grow last night that BP 's attempt to put a lid on the massive oil leak in the Gulf of Mexico is doomed to failure citizens on the Louisiana coastline are pitching in – by donating their HAIR to soak up the spill .
Barbershop and salon cuttings are being stuffed into nylon stockings to form a ‘ hair boom ’ that which will be placed in areas of the spill to soak it up .
Astonishingly , each pound of hair is capable of absorbing as much as a gallon of oil .
[ caption ]
[ caption ]
WHY HAIR ?
It ’s thought the idea of using hair to soak up oil came from Alabama hairdresser Phil McCrory .
McCrory had his ‘ eureka ’ moment while watching footage of Alaskan sea otters saturated with oil after the Exxon Valdez spill in 1998 .
He said : ‘ I was thinking , well , if the otter was getting saturated with oil , then the hair that I sweep up should do the same thing . ’
An experiment with hair cuttings and a pair of his wife ’s tights confirmed his theory .
He added : ‘ You shampoo your hair because it gets greasy .
Hair is very efficient at collecting oil out of the air , off surfaces like your skin and out of the water , even petroleum oil . ’
While hair and fur typically absorb around four to six times their weight in oil , industrial booms , which are filled with synthetic microfibers , can mop up to 15 times as much .
The news of the hair - raising effort comes as BP revealed that the cost of the clean - up operation had rocketed from £ 4 million a day to £ 6.7 million .
The company is thinking of launching a second attempt to lower a huge dome over the well in the next few days to halt the growing environmental disaster .
The bizarre effort is being led by the charity Matter of Trust , which used the same tactics when 58,000 gallons of fuel oil spilled from a container ship in the San Francisco Bay area in 2007 .
And now the organisation has found itself almost overwhelmed by up to 450,000 pounds of donated hair .
Donations of wool , animal hair and fur coats are also being encouraged .
The risky attempt to use a 100 - tonne steel - and - concrete box to cover a deepwater oil well was aborted after ice crystals encased it , an ominous development as thick blobs of tar began washing up on Alabama 's white sand beaches .
The setback left the mission to cap the ruptured well in doubt .
It had taken about two weeks to build the box and three days to cart it 50 miles out then slowly lower it to the well a mile below the surface , but the frozen depths were too much for it to handle .
However , BP officials overseeing the clean - up efforts were not giving up just yet on hopes that a containment box - either the one brought there or a larger one being built - could cover the well and be used to capture the oil and funnel it to a tanker at the surface to be carted away .
Officials said it would be at least Monday before a decision was made on what next step to take .
' I would n't say it 's failed yet , ' BP chief operating officer Doug Suttles said .
' What I would say is what we attempted to do ... did n't work . '
There was a renewed sense of urgency as coin- to golfball - sized balls of tar began washing up on Dauphin Island , three miles off the Alabama mainland at the mouth of Mobile Bay and much farther east than the thin , rainbow sheens that had so far arrived sporadically in the Louisiana marshes .
' It almost looks like bark , but when you pick it up it definitely has a liquid consistency and it's definitely oil , ' said Kimberly Creel , 41 , who was swimming with hundreds of other beachgoers .
' I can only imagine what might be coming this way that might be larger . '
A remote operated vehicle is lowered into the ocean to assist in the oil spill containment efforts last night .
The plan had to be aborted after ice crystals encased the structure which was set to stem the leak
About a half dozen tar balls had been collected by Saturday afternoon at Dauphin Island , Coast Guard chief warrant officer Adam Wine said in Mobile .
Authorities planned to test the substance but strongly suspected it came from the oil spill .
A long line of materials that resembled a string of pompoms were positioned on a stretch of the shore .
Crews walked along the beach in rubber boots , carrying rubbish bags to clear debris from the sand .
Brenda Prosser , of Mobile , said she wept when she saw the workers .
' I just started crying .
I could n't quit crying .
I 'm shaking now , ' Prosser said .
' To know that our beach may be black or brown , or that we can't get in the water , it 's so sad . '
Prosser , 46 , said she was afraid to let her nine - year - old son , Grant , get in the water , and she worried that the spill would rob her of precious moments with her own child .
' I 've been coming here since I was my son's age , as far back as I can remember in my life , ' Prosser said .
In the three weeks since the Deepwater Horizon rig exploded on April 20 , killing 11 workers , about 210,000 gallons of crude a day has been flowing into the Gulf .
Until Saturday none of the thick sludge - those iconic images of past spills - had reached Gulf shores .
It was a troubling turn of events , especially since the intrepid efforts to use the containment box - the size of a four storey house - had not yet succeeded .
Containment device :
The cofferdam being lowered yesterday at the site of the sunken oil rig spewing thousands of gallons of oil into the Gulf of Mexico
Slick :
Oil started to slosh ashore yesterday on a chain of islands off the Louisiana coast
It had taken more than 12 hours to slowly lower it to the sea floor , a task that required painstaking precision to accurately position it over the well or it could damage the leaking pipe and make the problem worse .
It was fraught with doubt since nothing like it had been attempted at such depths with water pressure great enough to crush a submarine .
It ended up encountering icy crystals , familiar territory for deepwater drilling .
The icy build - up on the containment box made it too buoyant and clogged it up , BP 's Suttles said .
Workers who had carefully lowered the massive box over the leak nearly a mile below the surface had to lift it and move it some 600 feet ( 183 meters ) to the side .
If it had worked , authorities had said it would reduce the flow by about 85 percent , buying a bit more time as a three - month effort to drill a relief well goes on simultaneously .
Company and Coast Guard officials had cautioned that ice - like hydrates , a slushy mixture of gas and water , would be one of the biggest challenges to the containment box plan , and their warnings proved accurate .
The crystals clogged the opening in the top of the peaked box like sand in a funnel , only upside - down .
Options under consideration included raising the box high enough that warmer water would prevent the slush from forming , or using heated water or methanol to prevent the crystals from forming .
Steve Rinehart , a BP spokesman in Mobile , Alabama , said late Saturday a second containment device was under construction by Wild Well Control , Inc. , in Port Fourchon , Louisiana , the company that built the first one .
' It 's the same general idea and approach .
It may be a slightly different size and shape , ' he said .
[ caption ]
[ caption ]
[ caption ]
The inside of the chamber that was used to try to contain the Deepwater Horizon oil
Even as officials pondered their next move , Coast Guard Rear Adm .
Mary Landry said she must continue to manage expectations of what the containment box can do .
' This dome is no silver bullet to stop the leak , ' she said .
The captain of the supply boat that carried the precious cargo for 11 hours from the Louisiana coast earlier last week was n't giving up hope .
' Everybody knew this was a possibility well before we brought the dome out , ' Capt .
Demi Shaffer , of Seward , Alaska , told a reporter stationed in the Gulf in the heart of the containment zone with the 12 - man crew of the Joe Griffin .
' It 's an everyday occurrence when you 're drilling , with the pipeline trying to freeze up . '
The spot where Deepwater Horizon rig once was positioned is now teeming with vessels working on containing the well .
There are 15 boats and large ships at or near the site - some being used in an ongoing effort to drill a relief well , another with the crane that lowered the containment device to the seafloor .
There is even a vessel at the site called the Seacor Lee that is sending a live video feed from the undersea robots back to BP 's operations centre in Houston .
' Everyone was hoping that that would slow it down a bit if not stop it , ' said Shane Robichaux , of Chauvin , a 39 - year - old registered nurse relaxing at his vacation camp in Cocodrie , Louisiana ' I 'm sure they 'll keep working on it ' til it gets fixed , one way or another .
But we were hopeful that would shut it down . '
The original blowout was triggered by a bubble of methane gas that escaped from the well and shot up the drill column , expanding quickly as it burst through several seals and barriers before exploding , according to interviews with rig workers conducted during BP PLC 's internal investigation .
Deep beneath the seafloor , methane is in a slushy , crystalline form .
Deep sea oil drillers often encounter pockets of methane crystals as they dig into the earth .
As the bubble rose up the drill column from the high - pressure environs of the deep to the less pressurized shallows , it intensified and grew , breaking through various safety barriers , said Robert Bea , a University of California Berkley engineering professor and oil pipeline expert who detailed the interviews to an Associated Press reporter .
' A small bubble becomes a really big bubble , ' Bea said .
' So the expanding bubble becomes like a cannon shooting the gas into your face . '
An estimated 5,000 barrels of oil per day have been leaking from the wrecked wellhead on the sea bed .
Some 100 ships have been laying protective booms and pouring chemicals on the oil to disperse it .
Favourable weather conditions have helped to prevent the oil from washing ashore .
But last night oil was reported to be washing up on the shores of New Harbor Island , off Louisiana .
I ’ve been debating here for quite some time the question of how direct , or even confrontational , to be with those who make strong and specific claims about the nature of reality and morality based on religion .
I am for directly refuting these claims due to the fact that there is no evidence to support the existence of the creator that is required for the claims to be true .
Or , at least no more evidence than there is for Isis or Thor .
Furthermore , my more practical argument is that these types of beliefs have negative effects on society .
When I take this line I am vehemently opposed by many of my readers and friends .
Their argument is essentially that moderate religion is harmless , and that there ’s no reason to actively oppose it .
Or , to put it in a more pointed way , they argue that my objection to their beliefs is no different than their beliefs themselves .
So this raises a question :
Are any beliefs worthy of ridicule in society ?
And if so , what separates those beliefs from those of the mainstream religious ?
My stance on the first question is a definitive , “ yes ” .
Many beliefs are , quite literally , ridiculous .
That is to say they are “ worthy of ridicule ” .
In other words , if someone were to claim to believe such a belief , it would be acceptable to openly dismiss and then ostracize them .
So what are some examples of such beliefs with respect to modern , western society ?
The belief that Elvis is still alive
The belief that humans shared the earth with dinosaurs
The belief that the earth is 5,000 years old
The belief in leprechauns or fairies
The belief that praying is an alternative to emergency medical treatment
The belief in alchemy vs. chemistry
The belief in medieval , witchcraft - style magic
Surely these have varying levels of believability among different groups , but in general if you ’re interviewing for a mainstream job making more than $ 50,000 , and the subject turns to your personal life , you would never want to voice any of the opinions mentioned above .
The question is , “ why ” ?
As Sam Harris likes to point out , the reasons is simple .
There would be immediate repercussions .
You would likely not get the job , and when you left the person interviewing you would tell all of his / her associates about how nutty the last interviewee was .
In short , ridicule .
The Link
My opinion on confronting religious beliefs is based on a simple concept .
We already today , in mainstream society , openly reject many foolish beliefs that are less outlandish than believing one is , to some degree , in communication with the creator of the universe , and that worshiping this invisible entity will yield immortality .
Assuming we survive long enough , this belief will fall squarely into the list I ’ve made above .
This has already happened in many European countries ( which , by the way , are more educated , have less crime , and enjoy more overall societal health ) .
It ’s time to do the same here .
Call it what it is .
Insane .
Harmless , Therefore OK
Once I make my previous point , the standard apologist line is invariably that no harm comes from moderate belief ( even if it ’s preposterous ) , and that such beliefs should therefore be left alone .
Well , first of all , I do n’t believe this to be true .
I believe moderate belief serves as the foundation for extreme belief , and without everyone giving moderate belief ( in telepathic communication with the creator of the universe ) , there would be an overwhelming backlash against extremists .
The reason this has not happened is simply because , with regard to the nature of reality , the beliefs of moderates and extremists are pretty much identical .
In short , you ca n’t attack an extremists view of reality without attacking the moderates ’ view a well .
Here ’s an example conversation between an atheist , a Christian extremist , and a Christian moderate .
Atheist to Extremist :
You believe the creator of the universe communicates with you , and indicates to you what path you should take in life ?
Are you nuts ?
Moderate to Atheist : Actually , we believe that too .
Atheist to Moderate : Oh , ok …
Atheist to Extremist :
So you actually believe that if you obey these feelings you have , as per this book you have , that you will live forever ?
Like , longer than the universe ?
Surely you see how silly that sounds .
Moderate to Atheist : Actually , we believe that too .
Atheist to Moderate : Oh , ok … ( confused )
Atheist to Extremist :
You really believe that an omnipotent being made a sacrifice by sending his son ( a human concept ) to die for us ( even though he knew he would die , and knew he would be resurrected ) , and as a result humanity has a debt to pay him ?
Does that make any sense to you ?
Moderate to Atheist : Actually , we believe that too .
( cont … )
The basics are the same for the extremists and the moderates .
They both accept the exact same ridiculous core beliefs … the difference is simply how they choose to act on them .
And since that ’s open to interpretation , and the ever - changing whims and fads of a particular church or family to teach –the seeds of extremism are present in every moderate who embraces these fantasy - based core doctrines .
I believe the answer is to move , as a society , to reject the core ideas themselves –just as we already have with the other fantasy - based beliefs we ’ve already collectively put into the “ ridiculous ” category .
In short , ideas do n’t become less preposterous just because more people believe them , and we should be willing to discard ideas , no matter their popularity , if they are unsupported by evidence .
Notes
The German government is now fully committed to escalating its ongoing counterattack against international financial speculation .
These moves represent an historical watershed as Germany becomes the first major economic power to roll back the tide of financial globalization , under which crackdowns on hedge funds , derivatives , and the world gambling casino were branded as taboo for national governments .
German Finance Minister Wolfgang Schäuble has announced that the Merkel government is sending a draft bill to the German parliament ( the Bundestag ) targeting " turbulence " and " volatility " through further regulation of " certain transactions [ which ] amplify the crisis . "
The bill reaffirms the most fundamental German measure enacted so far , the May 18 blanket ban on all naked credit default swaps issued against the treasury bonds of the eurozone nations .
This ban represents the most aggressive move anywhere in the OECD against these most toxic derivatives , which have figured prominently in the AIG bankruptcy and the recent Goldman Sachs Abacus scandal .
They are also the derivatives being widely used by hedge fund hyenas and zombie banks to attack such nations as Greece , Spain , and the rest of the Southern tier of the euro .
The naked CDS ban protects euroland government bonds ,
To that would now be added a ban on the naked shorting of those Euro zone government bonds themselves .
This means that a speculator wishing to sell a Euro zone government bond short must own that bond in advance .
This makes speculation more complex and expensive , and is all to the good .
Schäuble 's new measures also expand protection for certain stocks and for the euro itself .
The draft bill would outlaw naked shorts of all German stocks , meaning stocks whose primary listing is at a German exchange .
The original May 18 package had banned naked shorts against a list of 10 large German banks , insurance companies , and reinsurance firms .
The obvious next step is to ban naked shorting of stocks altogether .
From now on , speculators who wish to short German stocks must own those stocks before they sell , making it more difficult and costly for said speculators to operate .
The new draft bill would also outlaw the naked shorting of the euro itself in the foreign exchange markets .
The Bundestag needs to approve this bill on the fast track , and then do more .
Tiny Tim Geithner 's US Treasury is attempting , but not succeeding , to conceal its apoplectic hysteria over the German ban .
Geithner announced that he was flying from China to Europe in order to confer with George Osborne , the new Bilderberger Chancellor of the Exchequer , and Bank of England boss Mervyn King in London , followed by consultations with European Central Bank chief Trichet and Bundesbank leader Axel Weber in Frankfurt , followed then by a meeting with Schäuble in Berlin .
There was no doubt that the overriding purpose of Geithner 's mission was to sabotage the German moves against derivatives in particular and speculation in general .
An unnamed US Treasury official speaking off the record on condition of anonymity told Dow Jones that the German ban on naked credit default swaps was " damaging to the market and counterproductive . "
The band was " one - sided , " he added , making clear that Geithner & Co. did not expect the German ban to be adopted on a large scale .
Geithner was evidently deeply concerned that the German ban might be imitated by some of Germany 's closest economic partners , including the Netherlands , Belgium , and Sweden , as well as by other nations much farther afield .
Who was the anonymous official ?
It might have been Tiny Tim himself , or it might have been Mark Patterson of Goldman Sachs , Geithner 's chief of staff and chief lobbyist for carbon offset boondoggles .
Spain is an example of a country which would have been very well advised to join in the German measures when they were first proposed .
Observers have noted with some astonishment that the self - styled " socialist " Zapatero of Madrid is unable or unwilling to embrace the measures against the casino economy which the center - right Christian Democratic / Liberal government in Berlin is actively pursuing .
The explanation is obviously that the Socialist International as a whole ( with figures like Papandreou of Greece and Socrates of Portugal , as well as Zapatero ) is acting as an abject puppet of the financiers .
Spain is now paying the price for its inaction through an incipient banking panic emerging on the weekend after the German ban was announced .
The Caja Sur , a savings bank representing about 1 % of the Spanish banking system , became insolvent , quickly followed by eight banks over the next three days .
This meant that the hedge funds had succeeded in spreading the Greek contagion , thus raising questions about the short - term survivability of such overextended speculative operations as Banco Santander and Banco de Bilbao .
The Spanish parliament approved a draconian austerity program by a single vote , offering the lunatic spectacle of a country already mired deeply in economic depression , with an official unemployment rate of 20 % , embracing its own self - cannibalization with a deflationary austerity program in the vain effort to regain the confidence of international financial markets and investors .
Spain needs to understand that there are no " markets " today , but only oligopolies and cartels .
They need to understand that they are dealing with ruthless speculators , and not with investors .
They might as well try to regain the confidence of Bonnie and Clyde , Dillinger , and Ma Barker .
Another country that urgently needs to join the anti-derivatives front is Italy , where a large - scale debate on economic populism broke out on the weekend after the German ban .
The financiers Franco Debenedetti and Paolo Savona , camouflaged amidst a group of free - market quackademics , are desperately campaigning to convince Prime Minister Berlusconi to maintain the sanctity of hedge funds and derivatives .
My answer to these market fetishists appears below .
Berlusconi is moving in the wrong direction on draconian austerity with the ¤30 billion package of cuts which he has presented to the parliament .
If this is all Berlusconi has to offer , the Italian economy is in danger of entering a death spiral in which tax increases and cuts to spending and public services inevitably cause rising unemployment , falling real production , and constantly lower government revenue receipts .
Berlusconi should concentrate on suppressing speculation and on launching a recovery program , not on austerity .
Reactionary commentators around the world continue to parrot the line that the great crisis is a crisis of the welfare state , " and spells the doom of any and all government measures designed to defend and secure the health , education , and welfare of their respective populations .
The Greeks , we are told , are " profligate . "
This legend of the profligate Greeks conveniently ignores the fact that Greece is the second poorest nation of pre-1990 Europe ­ only Portugal is poorer .
The Greeks have 18 % official unemployment , with 20 % of the population living below the official poverty line .
The average Greek office worker earns about $ 1500 per month , or barely 40 % of the wage level of their German counterparts .
And the average pension for Greek government worker is about $ 750 per month .
This is hardly a king 's ransom .
Greece is also an example of one of the peripheral countries where the depression first began to hit .
Greece is heavily dependent on tourist revenue , which began to decline sharply in 2007 and 2008 as the world derivatives panic began to lash Germany and northern Europe , spelling fewer foreign visitors on the Acropolis and on Mykonos and the Dodecanese .
The pro-financier ideologue Robert Mundell , speaking in Warsaw , has voiced his evaluation that a restructuring of Greek government debt is now inevitable .
The Greeks and many others would be well advised to act on this advice immediately .
For many of these countries , it is already obvious that their current debts cannot be repaid in the physical universe as presently constituted .
For them , default is simply an inevitable necessity , not a choice .
Their only choice is now when they will default , and with what strategy .
In this regard , their choices are essentially two .
On the one hand , they can destroy their national economies , dilapidate their capital stock , and destroy the living standard of productive working families through criminally stupid austerity programs and budget cuts of the vandalistic type dictated by the monetarist crackpots at the International Monetary Fund , European Commission , World Bank , Bank for International Settlements , and similar institutions .
At the end of all this unspeakable torture of austerity , they will find their political institutions destroyed , their internal governability and stability deeply compromise or totally wrecked , and their ability to pay lower than when they started .
At the end of all this , they will default anyway , and drift like derelict wrecks on the world ocean .
Many of them will fall under dictatorships , or even fascist regimes .
The alternative to this nightmare scenario is to use the time - tested weapon of the unilateral financial debt moratorium as a means of national survival and national sovereignty .
( If Republican US President Herbert Hoover could successfully propose an international financial debt moratorium among Germany , France , and Great Britain , and the United States in June 1931 to fight that depression , this approach cannot be regarded as wild radicalism . )
This freeze on all payments of interest and principal on international financial debt must be conducted in an orderly , legal fashion , fully explained to the population and presented as an integral part of a strategy for national economic recovery .
Plans should be made in advance for suppressing financial speculation , while mobilizing domestic economic resources for the most ambitious projects of national public infrastructure as a means to radically reduce unemployment and poverty .
Raw materials must be secured in advance through barter deals and other ad hoc arrangements with the relevant countries , and these transactions must necessarily occur outside of the straitjacket of IMF and World Trade Organization rules .
Countries using the weapon of debt moratorium should normally be able to reduce their foreign debt exposure by about one half .
If they play their cards correctly , they can do even better for their people .
Every country needs to identify at least one area in which it can produce the most advanced high technology capital goods for export , and strive to become the world leader in that department .
This production must be capital - intensive , energy intensive , and high value added , and it must target the world export market .
The goal is to produce something which the world will find simply indispensable , independent of whatever protectionist measures may or may not be enacted elsewhere .
This effort can be used as a science driver along with other science drivers to restart scientific discovery and technological research and development throughout the entire national economy .
This is the kind of strategy which the leaders of the southern tier nations of the euro should currently be elaborating .
And they need to act fast .
By September , the tide of financial panic which is now engulfing Greece and Iberia will be in the suburbs of Paris and London .
Watch ....
http://www.youtube.com/user/RTAmerica#p/u/2/zVryPHJZokw
Posted in Tech by Kejia Zhu on May 20 , 2010
We do n’t want to get involved in Steve Jobs ’ war on Flash .
But just in case he wins ( and on current form , who ’d bet against him ? ) , we have re-engineered Hemlock , our open source framework for real - time web apps , to work in 100 % Javascript environments .
This switch lets anyone build real - time web apps that work on the iPhone and iPad , and makes the framework significantly easier for web developers to dive into ( a position popularised by Steve Jobs in favour of web standards ) .
Now you can easily create many - to - many applications without having to worry about compatibility issues or adhering to the whims of the App Store gatekeepers .
Here are the technical details and the first fruits of this labour : Picklive on a iPad , bringing you real - time fantasy football gaming in your palm or lap .
This is just the beginning and we look forward to seeing what the community creates with Hemlock .
What would you like to see built with it ?
Sleeping consistently for less than six hours a night may cause an early death , but too much sleep could also mean problems , according to a study that claims to have found unequivocal evidence of the potential harm from abnormal sleep patterns .
The research , by academics in the UK and Italy , analysed data from 16 separate studies across Europe , the US and Asia over 25 years , covering more than 1.3 m people and more than 100,000 deaths .
It found that those who generally slept for less than six hours a night were 12 % more likely to experience a premature death over a period of 25 years than those who consistently got six to eight hours ' sleep .
Evidence for the link was unequivocal , the researchers concluded .
The study , published in the scientific journal Sleep , was carried out by a team from the University of Warwick and the Federico II University medical school in Naples .
It also concluded that those who consistently sleep more than nine hours a night can be more likely to die early .
Oversleeping itself is not seen as a risk but as a potential indicator of underlying ailments .
" Whilst short sleep may represent a cause of ill health , long sleep is believed to represent more an indicator of ill health , " said Professor Francesco Cappuccio , who led the study and is head of the Sleep , Health and Society programme at the University of Warwick .
" Modern society has seen a gradual reduction in the average amount of sleep people take , and this pattern is more common amongst full - time workers , suggesting that it may be due to societal pressures for longer working hours and more shift - work .
On the other hand , the deterioration of our health status is often accompanied by an extension of our sleeping time .
" Consistently sleeping six to eight hours per night may be optimal for health .
The duration of sleep should be regarded as an additional behavioural risk factor , or risk marker , influenced by the environment and possibly amenable to change through both education and counselling as well as through measures of public health aimed at favourable modifications of the physical and working environments . "
The study noted that previous research into lack of sleep had shown it was associated with ailments including heart disease , high blood pressure , obesity , and diabetes .
Other options BP is weighing to stem the flow of oil include trying to block the well 's failed blowout preventer with a " junk shot " of golf balls , rubber and other materials , or fitting a new valve .
It is also drilling a relief well , but that could still take 75 to 80 days to complete .
Hey there , time traveller !
This article was published 28/5/2010 ( 3778 days ago ) , so information in it may no longer be current .
KEN GIGLIOTTI / WINNIPEG FREE PRESS
A large chunk of Tyndall stone rests near a parked car on Edmonton Street .
WINNIPEG -- Knox United Church parishioners will be in the pews on Sunday after hearing the damage caused by a lighting strike early Friday morning was n’t as bad as feared .
Other areas of the church ’s facility , including a day care and community offices , will reopen on Monday .
A lightning strike at about 6:45 a.m knocked off a chunk of the tyndall stone bell tower atop stately Knox United Church , sending it about 25 metres to the street below .
Rev. Bill Millar said the block of stone did n’t smash through the roof so , while parts of the interior sanctuary will be roped off , parishioners can worship there on Sunday .
KEN GIGLIOTTI / WINNIPEG FREE PRESS Knox United Church is missing part of the southeast tower after the storm .
" It ’s great news — far better than it was this morning , " Millar said this afternoon .
" And there were no injuries .
We ’re very pleased about that . "
Wikipedia – written and edited entirely by un - paid users – is the fifth most popular website in the world .
What 's up with that ?
How can a company that spends NOTHING creating content have blown past all but four sites on the planet ?
In this exclusive Business Insider interview , Wikipedia founder Jimmy Wales explains .
Here are three fun details from the interview :
In an earlier version of Wikipedia , users had to fax their diplomas to prove that they were qualified to write entries ( that one went nowhere fast )
Wikipedia does n't have a single paid employee responsible for content ( writing , editing or any of the sort . ) .
Wikipedia is more than 10X as big as the New York Times , which has 1,200 of them .
In the German version of Wikipedia , editors give each other ' gummy bears ' for good spelling .
This interview is part of our Leadership series , presented with limited commercial interruption .
Production by Bright Red Pixels .
* Says investors worried about potential liability
* Cuts the stocks by a notch to “ market perform ”
April 30 ( Reuters ) - FBR Capital Markets cut oilfield services companies Halliburton Energy Services Inc HAL.N and Transocean Ltd RIGN.
SRIG.N to " market perform " from " outperform , " citing investor worry on potential liability related to the recent oil rig accident in the Gulf of Mexico .
An oil drilling rig , operated by Switzerland - based Transocean and on lease to London - based BP Plc BP.
LBP.N , exploded in flames on April 20 and collapsed two days later , leading to massive oil spills .
[ ID : nSPILL ]
Following the incident , a class - action lawsuit was filed against oil giant BP , Transocean , owner of the Deepwater Horizon drilling platform , and Halliburton , which according to the suit , was engaging in cementing operations of the well and well cap .
[ ID:nN29178997 ]
“ The stocks will be under an overhang of investor worry about their potential liability for this tragic accident for at least several months , ” analyst Robert MacKenzie wrote in a note to clients .
MacKenzie also cut his price target on the stock of Transocean to $ 87 from $ 110 and on Halliburton ’s stock to $ 35 from $ 44 .
The U.S. Coast Guard estimates that 5,000 barrels of crude oil a day is gushing from the sea floor where the blowout occurred , and authorities have said it could take weeks to cap the leak .
[ ID :nN29137510 ]
Shares of Halliburton closed at $ 31.60 , while those of Transocean closed at $ 78.51 Thursday on the New York Stock Exchange .
( Reporting by Krishna N. Das in Bangalore ; Editing by Maju Samuel )
In about 6 weeks the biggest yearly gathering of the KDE community starts in Tampere .
To give you all a little taste of Akademy 2010 , Guillermo Amaral interviewed Aaron Seigo and asked him about his keynote .
Aaron Seigo ( photo credit : Aaron Seigo ( photo credit : Big RonW
Guillermo :
Could you introduce yourself to any poor soul that might not yet know who you are and what you do in KDE ?
Aaron : I am , at the most basic , a hacker like anyone else in KDE : I work on Free software projects within the grand KDE community .
Within KDE , I tend to wear a few different hats , though .
In the ( recent ) past I 've served as a board member and President of our global non-profit foundation , KDE e.V. ; since then I 've shifted more of my attention back to more of the technical and community issues that challenge and strengthen KDE .
These days I am the lead developer and designer for Plasma , which is a set of projects aimed at creating both a component system designed for creating amazing primary user interfaces ( those things you see when you log in or first turn on a device ) quickly and easily as well as creating a set of such user interfaces for the desktop , netbook , tablet , mobile and eventually media center profiles .
Outside of that work , I spend a fair amount of time on community related issues : where are working well together ?
Where are n't we ?
Why ?
The challenge is to find good answers that fit naturally within the culture of KDE .
Guillermo :
Is your weakness really kryptonite or is it badly written plasmoids ?
Aaron : Well , at least badly written Plasmoids can be fixed .
My real weakness , however , are those who would throw freedom under the bus for a quick answer .
I find it endlessly frustrating and even discouraging to watch even those in the F / OSS community who ought to know the consequences of their choices embrace lock - in technology and make excuses for why they are doing so .
Guillermo : Can you give us the A.D.D. version of what KDE and KDE S.C. are ?
Aaron : KDE is an international community of people who have come together on their own terms to create great Free ( dom ) software for end users ; our ranks consist of software developers , graphic designers , interface designers , writers , translators , system administrators , promoters , managers , people involved in business development , etc .
As a community we create hundreds of pieces of software that range across the whole spectrum of end user software .
The software compilation , or S.C. , is a semiannual release of a set of those software products .
This conglomeration of software gives anyone with an operating system to go beneath it the building blocks from which to realize a useful computing experience .
It includes both essential workspaces , such as a desktop environment or a netbook interface , as well as dozens of productivity and entertainment titles .
The compilation is a convenience for the KDE community and our user base who tend to use many of our software products together .
There is even more KDE software , however , that is n't in the software compilation .
Usually this is due to being software that is specific to a given audience ( and so is n't broadly applicable enough for the software compilation ) or which simply follows a different release schedule ; these includes products like Amarok , K3B , Digikam , KDE Finance , KOffice and more .
Guillermo :
We hear that you will be giving a keynote at Akademy 2010 , mind telling us quicky what Akademy is all about and will there be punch and pie ?
Aaron : Akademy is the KDE community 's annual Big Event .
While we have dozens of smaller events throughout the year across the globe , Akademy is the largest KDE specific event each year and is unique in that it is about all of KDE .
Most of our events are both smaller and focused on a specific aspect that the KDE community is working on , such as Kontact or KOffice or Digikam or Plasma .
Akademy is therefore a great opportunity to build bonds across the community , plumb our common needs and chart new directions as needed for the entire community .
It 's also where KDE e.V. holds its annual general meetings , which are either far more enjoyable or far drier than one might expect , depending on who you ask .
I 'm relying on others to organize the punch and pie .
( And hopefully I wo n't be wearing any by the end of my presentation . ;)
Guillermo :
What would be the subject of your keynote at Akademy 2010 ?
Aaron : I have been giving much thought as to what I will be discussing in my keynote .
All I 'll say for now is that the current plan is to take an exploration of KDE through the unique stylings of koans .
We have accomplished so much and yet have much more to accomplish .
Being able to hold such juxtaposed concepts simultaneously and act productively as a result is not always easy , and I hope to pull back some of the curtains that have remained draped over the windows for too long in KDE .
Guillermo :
Will we need to hire bouncers to stand at the door prior to your keynote to throw out any non -kde - developers , or will your keynote be for the general public ?
Aaron :
The keynote will definitely be interesting for everyone ( or at least , so I hope :) , though those who are already involved in KDE , or have been in the past , will hopefully be able to take away some new and perhaps even deep insights into where we are going .
I hope to spark new ideas and rejuvenate some that were left by the wayside within our community .
So while it should be interesting to anyone with even a passing interest in KDE and / or Free software , I will be talking most directly to my fellow KDE people .
Guillermo : Besides some awesome parties and non stop hacking sessions , can we expect anything else from Akademy 2010 ; perhaps some big news ?
Aaron : Akademy always contains a few surprises , while other things are always predictable .
You have to be there to appreciate it , really .
We do know there will be fantastic talks , great hallway discussion and terrific hacking going on .
If three superlatives in one sentence are n't enough to get your juices flowing in expectation , though , one thing I 've noted ( and this is on a bit more of a serious tone :) is that upon leaving Akademy few if any are happy to be leaving : the near universal sentiment on the last day of Akademy is that it was too short and that being able to connect with KDE as a community is a powerful and meaningful thing .
Even those who are not contributors in KDE come away with that feeling of deep community and purpose .
On a more practical note , I also expect more industry and business related discussion and announcements to be made at this year 's Akademy than at past installments of the event .
Guillermo : Everybody wants to know , will you or will you not sing karaoke at any point during the conference ?
( It has happened before and the proof is on YouTube ) .
Aaron :
It could happen .
Guillermo :
A biker loved the version of My Way we did in that lonely karaoke bar in Mountain View , will you , Wade and yours truly ever get to sing together again ?
Aaron :
Some things are only meant to happen once .
If they happen twice , it should be as spontaneous and unexpected as the first time . :)
More from Guillermo and Aaron
After this text interview , Guillermo and Aaron did a little podcasting to go deeper into the topics Aaron wants to discuss during his keynote .
Listen to it here .
We hope you enjoyed the interview .
Be sure to book on time for Akademy 2010 and reserve a spot for this keynote !
Google just landed some impressive 3D desktop software in its purchase of Bump Technologies , but a looming patent battle with Apple suggests that Google also had BumpTop ’s multi - touch technology on the brain when it gobbled up the company .
The existing BumpTop software for Windows and Mac , soon to be discontinued , arranges desktops into three - dimensional spaces .
Users can arrange files into stacks and stick notes and photos to the walls , a lot like a real desk .
But the real magic happened last October , when Bump introduced multi- touch gestures for BumpTop ’s Windows edition .
This allowed users to pan and zoom around the desktop and to stack up and fan out their documents with finger swipes .
Google already allows multi- touch gestures in its Android phones , but BumpTop ’s list of commands goes beyond what Google currently offers .
Some gestures are specific to the 3D desktop , such as dragging two fingers to focus on the desktop ’s back wall , and some have already been done by Google , Apple and others , such as pinch - to - zoom and flick to move between photos .
But there are some real gems in BumpTop ’s stash .
For example , dragging a finger flat across the screen in BumpTop pushes objects around , and holding one finger in place while dragging another crops images .
Even if Google never implements a 3D desktop , these gestures could come in handy for Android or even Chrome OS .
Apple , meanwhile , is beefing up its own arsenal of multi - touch gestures .
The company recently won a multi - touch patent for dozens of gestures performed by an entire hand , with fingers spread apart .
This covers common computer functions such as copy / paste and undo / redo for interfaces with large touch screens ( the iPad , perhaps ) .
Apple also applied to patent a sort of gesture dictionary , which lets users look up multi- touch commands and map them to functions of their choosing .
Maybe it ’s a coincidence that all these multi- touch moves are happening at the same time , but it seems unlikely given Apple ’s patent infringement lawsuit against HTC , largely seen as a way for Apple to hit Google by proxy .
The patents in question do n’t specifically mention multi-touch , but the lawsuit sshows that Apple ’s willing to protect its patents in court , and that should be enough for Google to play along in a multi - touch arms race .
I do n’t know what patents Bump Technologies holds , if any , for the gestures it uses , but either way the software gives Google some new tricks that Apple has n’t implemented , and that ’s better than nothing .
Original story - here
Depression ?
It 's just the new trendy illness !
Misery movement : Janet Street - Porter argues that the glut of high profile middle - class women claiming they suffer from depression do n't know they 're born ( posed by model )
There 's a big black cloud hanging over parts of the UK , and it 's not going away .
Not volcanic ash - but depression .
This relatively new ailment appeared on my radar a couple of years ago , when I discovered that more and more women were claiming they suffered from ' stress ' .
The misery movement has rapidly gathered momentum and in recent months it 's become apparent that , along with the Sam Cam handbag , the latest must - have accessory is a big dose of depression .
There 's been a queue of well - known females baring their souls in print and in the media , telling us that they find life unbearable .
Like the shopaholics who purchase expensive accessories , most of this new band of sufferers are middle class , highly successful and - most important of all - comfortably off .
I am not denying that clinical depression is a real mental illness , or that it can be debilitating for sufferers .
But let 's take a moment to consider whether depression is common among the poor or the working class ?
If you 're a black South African woman growing up in a township , or a mum in a slum favela in Rio , or a supermarket shelf - stacker in Croydon , or one of the band of low - paid female workers who go to work at 3 am to clean the offices of the wealthiest and most powerful people in Britain in the City of London , you probably are n't afflicted by depression .
What you 're more likely to be suffering from is poverty , exhaustion and a deficient diet .
You will have bills you can't pay and a struggle to feed and clothe your kids .
I find something very slightly repellent about this recent epidemic of middle - class breast - beating .
This tidal wave of analysis about why ' having it all ' is n't what it was cracked up to be .
Why daily life is a series of disappointments .
Why sufferers feel empty and suicidal .
Get a grip , girls !
From actresses like Emma Thompson to authors like Marian Keyes and even Mail journalists like Allison Pearson and Liz Jones - they 've all got it .
Low self - esteem , anxiety , plus a mountain of unspecified worries .
Emma Thompson went on Desert Island Discs and talked of experiencing huge depression after her divorce from Kenneth Branagh .
Writer Justine Picardie seemed to typify this band of female miseries when she said in The Times recently : ' Is this spring more spectacularly beautiful than usual , or did I lose last year 's in a dark fog of depression ? '
Feeling blue : Both actress Emma Thompson and author Marian Keyes have said they suffer from depression
Justine recalls two cataclysmic events in her life - the death of her sister , Ruth , a decade ago , and the departure of her husband last year - which , understandably , left her feeling bereft .
I completely sympathise - the death of my own sister reduced me to rage and despair , and the sudden death recently of a close personal friend rekindled the same feelings of hopelessness .
But my life goes on , I have n't retreated under the duvet with a bottle of pills .
I refuse to accept this notion that a whole generation of women are being laid low by an unexplained epidemic of depression .
Justine writes : ' If I consider my female friends , most of them have been identified as suffering from , or treated for , depression at some point in their 40s . '
Well , I 've conducted a straw poll of my friends and I beg to differ .
Do we move in such very different circles ?
Is n't this ' new ' depression an affliction which seems to be the prerogative of the chattering classes ?
As Fiona McIntosh wrote in Grazia this week : ' Depression is the new black . . . you do wonder how much of this acute unhappiness we bring on ourselves . '
All these high flyers do seem to be singing from the same hymn sheet - telling us they are in a black pit , feeling completely inadequate and debilitated by whatever it is that they 're suffering from .
I 'm not a complete cynic , but I am a 100 per cent ruthless realist .
I 've written two books about my no -nonsense attitude to life .
The first , Life 's Too F******
Short , has been published all over the world , from Slovenia to Sweden , Spain and the U.S. , and I 've received a mountain of mail from people who say that my key message - that you need to strip away the c**p that clogs up your existence - made them laugh out loud .
Opinion : Grazia founder Fiona McIntosh wrote in her magazine recently that depression was the ' new black '
My mantra seems to have struck a nerve - and women from Stockholm to Southampton have agreed .
We need to take control of our lives and learn to put ourselves first .
My next book , Do n't Let The B*** ards Get
You down , was serialised in this paper , and attacked the huge amount of drivel beamed at women on a daily basis , telling them what to eat , what to wear and what miracle cream to splodge on their faces in order to achieve a mythical level of perfection .
I pointed out that we receive so many conflicting messages - go green and consume less one day , with pictures of hot new dresses to buy the next - it's no wonder we end up feeling confused .
We 're told to grow our own vegetables , make do and mend , save money - and be on - trend and stylish at exactly the same time .
It 's bonkers , but instead of feeling overwhelmed , it 's more productive to decide what we WON'T do , who we WON'T be bothering to be friends with , and tell ourselves that we are , in our own small way , bloody brilliant every single morning before we get up .
It 's called self - empowerment and costs absolutely nothing .
The whole notion of stress simply did not exist a few years ago - it's become a by - product of the ' megeneration ' that grew up in the Sixties and wanted to try everything , from drink to drugs to sex .
Yes , I accept that stress , as in post - traumatic stress syndrome - the mental trauma caused by war , for example - or post-natal depression really are recognised medical conditions .
But the other so - called illness ( stress ) which now costs the National Health Service a fortune ( as up to one million people a year claim to be suffering from it ) is another matter .
This level of widespread stress did n't exist as a medical condition before the Sixties .
I truly believe that illnesses go in and out of fashion - at the moment , trendy women are allegedly suffering from ' depression ' , but back in the Nineties the biggest cause of sick leave was backache , with one in seven workers claiming it .
Only ten years later , the number of backache sufferers had shrunk by nearly half .
Now , did chairs suddenly get more ergonomic ?
Did car seats undergo a radical redesign ?
Does a rash of health and safety directives imposed by bureaucrats in the EU suddenly mean we all bend our knees when lifting heavy objects or remember not to slump at our keyboards or on the assembly line ?
Of course not .
The truth is , we 've got fatter and flabbier .
Obesity is a medical condition too many of us are suffering from - but you can't claim time off work because you 're fat .
You can , however , suddenly find you can't ' cope ' - and stress has become , in our work - orientated society , almost a badge of honour .
If you 're stressed , it implies you are a busy person with plenty to do .
Nowadays , women who 've never been in a war zone or experienced an act of terrorism are claiming they are suffering from stress , when all they do is run a home and get the bus to work .
Stress has become so acceptable , the last government decided that the NHS would make counselling available for a whole variety of mental illnesses , from stress to depression to panic attacks and low self - esteem , totally gratis .
There 's virtually no stigma at all attached to saying you 're suffering from stress these days , so when columnist Liz Jones tells me she has self - esteem issues and anxiety attacks , and chick - lit author and multi-millionaire Marian Keyes writes on her website that 's she 's gripped with a paralysing black depression , we nod sagely and feel mildly supportive .
After all , it 's not exactly female - friendly to attack these high - profile members of the sisterhood and suggest they take a reality check .
Best - selling misery memoirs abound - we just love reading about someone else 's misfortune .
These writers have got big houses , dogs , ponies , nice clothes and gadgets , and amazingly they feel really rubbish .
Fantastic !
It makes our problems seem so much more bearable .
From agony aunt Sally Brampton to former literary editor Lorna Martin , they 've been quick to cash in on their personal demons .
Breakdown : Fiona Phillips gave up her GMTV job after 12 years to devote more time to her family
Stress is a technical term used to describe the different loadings on a beam .
Now it can mean virtually anything .
My mum 's generation did n't suffer from stress or depression .
Instead , they just got on with the washing up , the ironing , their long hours in low - paid jobs , and - every Saturday without fail - they baked a bloody good Victoria sponge .
The current load of depressives have cleaners , attractive kids at all the best schools , washing machines and spin-dryers , and enough money to buy readymade swanky cup cakes .
Allison Pearson says she 's one of the ' sandwich ' generation , the women who left having their kids till they were in their 30s , who had spent their 20s building up their careers , only to find that they ended up with the triple load of bringing up a family , caring for ageing parents and trying to juggle work .
Yes , I agree that this must be a real challenge .
But it 's hardly the ' curse ' of a whole generation .
I sympathise with Fiona Phillips , who gave up her job on GMTV after 12 years to bring up two boys , and who admitted she suffered a breakdown while trying to look after her mother , who suffered from Alzheimer's .
Nevertheless , there are millions of women who work in ordinary jobs , who do n't have successful husbands , who live in council flats and who have parents who are struggling .
But they somehow manage to cope magnificently .
Now , men are jumping on the depression bandwagon - bestselling author Tim Lott wrote a misery memoir The Scent Of Dried Roses .
He says that GPs are not trained to spot depression in men , and one of the reasons more men do n't own up to it is because they are routinely expected to be strong , and there 's a massive stigma attached to admitting you can't cope .
According to Tim , if - as research now indicates - 45 per cent of women earn the same or more than their husbands , then the male ego is under attack , and it's no wonder that more and more chaps are experiencing feelings of worthlessness and insecurity .
At this point , I 'm afraid to say , I laugh out loud .
The idea of feeling sorry for a bloke with low self - esteem is , frankly , risible .
Let 's just call it karmic revenge for all those years men have been in charge of everything .
Meanwhile , we women are told by so - called experts that we are bombarded with images of youthfulness we can't live up to .
They say we have unrealistic expectations of what we can achieve at work and in relationships .
And , finally , the icing on the cake - that the sacrifices we make to combine work and family makes us suffer terrible feelings of guilt .
Plus , now we 're not just competing with men at work , but - as more and more women ascend the career ladder - we 're in competition with other women .
Psychologists talk of all the roles we assume in our everyday lives - and say women feel ' fragmented ' .
They 're even dredging up dodgy statistics to prove that depression - assuming there is such a thing - is on the increase .
Apparently , 11.2 per cent of women are experiencing it at any one time .
Well , of course we are .
We all want to be thinner , richer and more successful .
We did n't get Mr Right , we ended up living with Mr 35 Per Cent .
We did n't get a pay rise , and the cat 's just been sick on the doormat .
Every day , loads of women get divorced , lose a loved one , give birth and find out they have a terminal disease .
But , miraculously , 90 per cent of us , do n't get depressed about it , do n't take special medication and do n't whinge about ' black holes ' .
That 's life in the real world .
Readers ' Letters
Trendy ?
No , depression can strike anyone — rich or poor
Janet Street - Porter considers depression to be the new trendy illness among the middle classes ( Mail ) .
How very ‘ understanding ’ of her to say she ’s not denying that clinical depression is a real mental illness , but she makes it obvious she has little sympathy with present - day sufferers .
She also states that her mum ’s generation did n’t suffer from stress or depression .
How very wrong she is there .
My mother ( from that same generation ) suffered greatly from stress and depression , to such an extent that she could stand it no longer and took her own life .
She was n’t middle - class ; she was very much working - class from a poverty - stricken background .
Getting on with the ironing , washing - up and baking are , and never have been , an antidote to depression and suicidal feelings .
Of course , every day lots of women get divorced , lose a loved one , give birth and are diagnosed with terminal illnesses , and maybe 90 per cent do n’t get depressed about it ( as Janet Street - Porter says ) — but that ’s grief .
Depression is entirely different , and no matter whether you ’re rich or poor , upper , middle or working - class , it ’s a very real illness .
And while there are insensitive know - it - all people such as Janet Street - Porter spouting off , it ’ll never be fully understood .
When my mum took her own life 45 years ago , the coroner , recording a verdict of suicide , said : ‘ This woman took her own life while she was depressed , which was a futile thing to do as everyone gets depressed from time to time . ’
I had hoped people would have become a little more enlightened about mental illness since then , but in Janet Street - Porter ’s case , it seems not .
Delia Bennett , Shepshed , Leics
Depressing facts
In calling depression ‘ the new trendy illness ’ , Janet Street - Porter makes some misleading claims .
Depression is n’t rare .
One in six people will be diagnosed with depression during their lifetime and millions will experience symptoms but wo n’t seek help .
Depression does n’t affect only those who ‘ have enough money . ’
It can affect anyone , regardless of background .
The World Health Organisation ’s 2001 report says : ‘ Mental disorders are n’t the exclusive preserve of any special group .
‘ The notion that mental disorders are problems of relatively richer parts of the world is wrong . ’
Neither is depression a ‘ new ’.
ailment : its distinct set of symptoms were first categorised in the Fifties .
There ’s no single known cause : current explanations suggest a combination of brain chemistry , genetic and environmental
factors .
It ’s highly unlikely that a whole ( earlier ) generation of people were entirely unaffected by it , as Ms Street - Porter suggests .
The idea that people affected by mental illness are n’t stigmatised would be laughable if the impact of stigma was n’t so detrimental .
Research published by Rethink in 2008 showed that nearly nine out of ten people with mental health problems have been victims of discrimination , with many ostracised from work , social activities and the community .
Paul Jenkins , chief executive , Rethink , London .
The BPI says CD sales fall because of illegal downloads
High Court judges ordered two men to pay the British Phonographic Industry between £ 1,500 and £ 5,000 for making thousands of songs available online .
One of the men said he did not know he was acting illegally .
The other said there was no evidence against him .
The BPI has launched 139 similar cases since October 2004 , most being settled out of court for up to £ 6,500 .
The two men , who the BPI decided not to name in publicising the cases , were accused along with three others of using peer - to - peer software to share 8,906 songs over the internet .
The cases , in which both men were ordered to stop sharing files illegally , were the first of their kind to be heard in the British courts .
Cases are pending against the other three people , who also refused to settle with the BPI .
No financial gain
The first defendant , from King 's Lynn , said the BPI had no direct evidence of infringement , but the judges dismissed this and ordered him to make an immediate payment of £ 5,000 .
Ignorance is not a defence
Judge Justice Lawrence Collins
His total costs are estimated at £ 13,500 and damages are expected to take the bill even higher .
The other man , a postman from Brighton , said he was unaware that what he was doing was illegal and did not seek to gain financially .
His case was also thrown out , with Judge Justice Lawrence Collins declaring : " Ignorance is not a defence " .
The postman , who is a father of two , was ordered to make an immediate payment of £ 1,500 , pending final determination of costs and damages .
A further 51 illegal file - sharers have been given a deadline of 31 January to settle cases and avoid court action .
The BPI says it believes internet music - swapping has led to a decline in sales of singles since 1999 .
The organisation 's lawyers called the decision a " massive step forward " for the industry 's fight against illegal file - sharing .
BPI chairman Peter Jamieson said illegal music - swappers were " stealing the future of artists and the people who invest in them " .
